The tea -party movement takes its name from the mob of angry people in Boston who , in 1773 , committed a zany criminal stunt as a protest against taxes and the distant , out - of - touch government that imposed them .
Two years later , the revolution was under way and — voilà !— democracy was born out of a wild moment of populist insurrection .
Except not , because in 1787 several dozen coolheaded members of the American Establishment had to meet and debate and horse - trade for four months to do the real work of creating an apparatus to make self - government practicable — that is , to write the Constitution .
And what those thoughtful , educated , well - off , well - regarded gentlemen did was invent a democracy sufficiently undemocratic to function and endure .
They wanted a government run by an American elite like themselves , as James Madison wrote , “ whose wisdom may best discern the true interest of their country and whose patriotism and love of justice will be least likely to sacrifice it to temporary or partial considerations . ”
They wanted to make sure the mass of ordinary citizens , too easily “ stimulated by some irregular passion … or misled by the artful misrepresentations ” and thus prone to hysteria — like , say , the rabble who ’d run amok in Boston Harbor — be kept in check .
That ’s why they created a Senate and a Supreme Court and did n’t allow voters to elect senators or presidents directly .
By the people and for the people , definitely ; of the people , not so much .
So now we have a country absolutely teeming with irregular passions and artful misrepresentations , whipped up to an unprecedented pitch and volume by the fundamentally new means of 24/7 cable and the hyperdemocratic web .
And instead of a calm club of like - minded wise men ( and women ) in Washington compromising and legislating , we have a Republican Establishment almost entirely unwilling to defy or at least gracefully ignore its angriest , most intemperate and frenzied faction — the way Reagan did with his right wing in the eighties and the way Obama is doing with his unhappy left wing now .
Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , Rush Limbaugh , and their compatriots are ideologues who default to uncivil , unbudging , sky - is - falling recalcitrance , as Keith Olbermann does on the left .
Fine ; in free - speech America , that ’s the way we roll .
But the tea-party citizens are under the misapprehension that democratic governing is supposed to be the same as democratic discourse , that elected officials are virtuous to the extent that they too default to unbudging , sky - is - falling recalcitrance and refusal .
And the elected officials , as never before , are indulging that populist fantasy .
Just as the founders feared , American democracy has gotten way too democratic .
This new la - la - la - la - la - la refusenik approach to politics is especially wrong in the Senate , which was created to be the “ temperate and respectable body of citizens ” that could , owing to its more gentlemanly size and longer terms , ride above populist political hysteria .
And it ’s ironic that the most effective tool on behalf of tea-party purity , the cloture - proof filibuster , is a crudely undemocratic maneuver , permitting a minority of 41 to defeat a majority of 59 .
( How fitting that “ filibuster ” and “ tea party ” both derive from maritime criminality — to filibuster is to freeboot , or hijack debate like a pirate . )
Senate filibusters used to be rare , a monkey wrench used only in cases of emergency , meant to allow debate to continue unimpeded and to protect minority opinion from being ignored .
In the sixties , the decade of civil rights and the Great Society and Vietnam , there were never more than seven filibusters during one Senate term ; in 2007 –2008 , scores of Republican filibuster threats resulted in cloture motions .
The Democrats are n’t innocent in this downward spiral of truculence : Under Bush , they regularly filibustered to stop the confirmation of judicial nominees .
On health care , even though the Senate bill is n’t remotely radical , the Republicans ’ refusal to play along at least follows the contours of principle .
But on the issue supposedly animating the post - Bush GOP and the tea-partiers , the massive deficit , a bi-partisan Senate bill to establish a bi-partisan commission to rein in future budgets was just defeated with 23 of 40 Republicans voting no — including a half - dozen of the bill ’s original co-sponsors .
The framers worried about democratic government working in a country as large as this one , and it ’s possible that we ’ve finally reached the unmanageable tipping point they feared : Maybe our republic ’s constitutional operating system simply can’t scale up to deal satisfactorily with a heterogeneous population of 310 million .
When the Constitution was written and the Senate created , there were around 4 million people in America , or about one senator for every 150,000 people .
For Congress to be as representative as it was in 1789 , we ’d need to elect 2,000 senators and 5,000 House members .
And so I wonder , as I watch Senate leaders irresponsibly playing to the noisiest , angriest parts of the peanut gallery , if the current , possibly suicidal spectacle of anti-government “ populism ” in Washington is n’t connected to our bloated people - to - Congresspeople ratios .
As the institution grows ever more unrepresentative , more numerically elite , members of Congress may feel irresistible pressure to act like wild and crazy small -d democrats .
Decadent , powerful elites have been the bogeyman for two centuries of American populists .
The Jeffersonians ’ elite antagonists were the merchant class .
( Never mind that Jefferson was America ’s first great free - spending , radicchio - growing , cheese - and - wine - importing , European - architecture - loving liberal . )
The elite loathed by Jacksonians was the same one the populist right loves to hate 180 years later : the federal bank , urban cosmopolites , wimpy intellectuals .
The populist impulse is n’t always or altogether bad .
Two decades after the 1890s People ’s Party proposed a progressive income tax and the direct election of senators , the Constitution was amended accordingly .
But the powerful fuels of populism are the sorts of violent passions the framers sought to contain .
In the sixties , the Republicans , sensing the resentments of post - civil - rights whites , saw their opening to supplant the Democrats as America ’s populist party .
Yet as the conservative social historian Christopher Lasch wrote in 1991 , in order to achieve its oxymoronic modern form — the populist pro-big - business party — the GOP “ needed to stir up resentment of elites without stirring up the old populist resentment of capitalists . ”
And so for nearly half a century , the Republicans have depended on populist pandering to the resentments of put - upon working - class whites — to fear and loathing of liberals ’ lah - de - dah attitudes about crime and abortion , of gays , of science , of immigrants .
To make their national comeback , the Democrats had to do their own oxymoronic reinvention , becoming less populist economically ( balanced federal budgets , less welfare , free trade ) but more populist superficially ( Elvis- loving , Big Mac–gobbling , horn - dogging , Sister Souljah–disapproving Bill Clinton ) .
While the tea -party movement is not populist in a coherent economic sense , it has all of populism ’s worst historical features — not just the conspiracist paranoia about malign elites but also the desperately nostalgic sense of dispossession , the anti-immigrant anger , the anti-intellectualism .
Notwithstanding the racist signs at tea - party rallies , let ’s stipulate that most tea-partiers are n’t racist .
Yet according to a new poll by Research 2000 commissioned by Daily Kos , 36 percent of Republicans think President Obama was n’t born here and another 22 percent are n’t sure .
If Obama were white and his father had been , say , Norwegian , there would n’t be much of a “ birther ” movement .
As an unabashedly elitist African - American , Obama has an unprecedentedly synergistic super - badness in the right - wing populist demonology .
In only one economic realm do modern populism and Republicanism neatly coincide :
The less taxes , the better .
But the Republicans would be unelectable if they also pushed for cuts in Social Security and Medicare , the populist - socialist benefit programs everyone loves .
So 30 years ago they abandoned their core principle of prudent budgets , becoming the don’t - tax - but - do - spend party of fiscal cynics and / or magical thinkers .
California is a big canary in this mine .
Because the state makes it so easy to put policy initiatives on the ballot — a legacy of turn - of - the - century populism — the passage of the property - tax - limiting Proposition 13 in 1978 put the state on the road to fiscal ruin .
And the fact that passing budgets in the California Legislature requires a two - thirds supermajority means the state has become almost ungovernable , especially since the recession .
Reactionary , monomaniacally anti-tax populism — that is , too much democracy and too little elite wisdom — has crippled California .
One certainly understands why populist anger is roiling America .
But the crazy contradictions at the heart of today ’s Bizarro World populism — TV millionaires calling for insurrection , capitalists slagging the underprivileged — was evident at the moment of the tea - party movement ’s genesis a year ago .
That was the morning when CNBC ’s Rick Santelli , a former trader , got a mob of financial - industry guys at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange to loudly revile , on live TV , those poor suckers who took on too much of the financial industry ’s too - easy debt .
“ How about this , president and new administration ? ” said Santelli .
“ Why do n’t you put up a website to have people vote on the Internet as a referendum to see if we really want to subsidize the losers ’ mortgages ? ”
Traders around him cheered .
“ You know , ” Santelli continued , “ Cuba used to have mansions and a relatively decent economy .
They moved from the individual to the collective …
We ’re thinking of having a Chicago tea party in July .
All you capitalists … I ’m gonna start organizing . ”
It was just amazing , like a scene from some 21st - century remake of A Face in the Crowd , the 1957 Elia Kazan film about a charismatic populist hayseed who gets his own hugely successful TV show , then becomes a pawn of corporate tycoons and an adviser to a conservative presidential candidate .
“ Hey , Rick ? ” one CNBC anchor said , “ can you do that one more time , just get the mob behind you again ?
What Richard Hofstadter called “ the paranoid style in American politics ” is n’t limited to the right , of course .
But true left - wing populism is a fringe whose political stars — Dennis Kucinich , Ralph Nader — have next to no national traction .
Then there ’s Michael Moore , of whom only 31 percent of Democrats have a “ favorable opinion , ” according to a Daily Kos / Research 2000 poll last year .
One reason populism has become a much more potently right - wing tendency during the last 60 years , I think , is that the left is no longer capable of signaling that it mistrusts racial or ethnic ( or now sexual ) minorities .
Populism without contempt for definably exotic groups lacks a certain political oomph , it turns out .
Still , Obama is now making gentle swerves in the populist direction .
He called the Supreme Court decision unleashing corporate political expenditures “ a major victory for big oil , Wall Street banks , health - insurance companies , and the other powerful interests . ”
About the fees he wants to impose on banks , he said , “ We want our money back . ”
Like Franklin Roosevelt , after saving the capitalist system , he has to do political battle with the capitalists he saved .
“ We all hated the bank bailout , ” Obama said in his State of the Union speech , which the Times TV critic Alessandra Stanley called a “ populist message delivered with patrician restraint . ”
But in fact , the message and certainly his proposals are n’t really very populist — which is fine by me .
What I wonder is whether paying lip service to anti–Wall Street , anti-corporate sentiment , Obama style , can really work in a time when populism has become so much about cultural resentment and lumpenprole style .
“ Powerful influences , ” FDR said in a speech at ( James ) Madison Square Garden just before his first reelection , “ strive today to restore that kind of [ Republican ] government with its doctrine that government is best which is most indifferent . ”
His first term had been a “ struggle with the old enemies of peace — business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking …
They are unanimous in their hate for me — and I welcome their hatred . ”
Because Franklin Roosevelt was an actual patrician , with lots of socialists to his left and unabashed capitalists to his right , he could deliver a populist message with full - throated populist fervor .
Candidate Obama was thrilling to we non-populists because he did n’t resort to the standard populist bag of tricks — no vitriol or demagoguery , no blame - mongering , no pseudo - simple solutions to staggeringly complex problems .
And so now he is caught in a Catch - 22 :
As a black man , he got elected by proving to white voters that he was not angry or resentful or hotheaded , that he utterly lacked the populist temperament — yet as president he ’s faulted for lacking a populist ’s passion and rhetorical oversimplifications .
California is a big canary in this mine .
Too much democracy and too little elite wisdom has crippled the state .
If his opponents are hysterically overreacting to Obama policies — such as the comparatively reasonable GOP congressman Paul Ryan ’s warning of “ early signs of Hugo Chávez economics ” — others may be hysterically overinterpreting his political decline .
The polling data does n’t look so terrible except in comparison with the ( hysterically ) positive numbers he racked up in the giddy weeks around his election and inauguration .
For the year before that , according to nine straight Wall Street Journal / NBC
News polls , about half the country had positive feelings toward Obama , and about a third felt negatively — the same level to which both numbers returned by last summer , and where they remain today .
To the degree that fiscal discipline really is a major tea-party issue and a source of general anxiety — that seems to be what got Scott Brown elected — Obama can lead the charge to make the hard choices the way Clinton did , by governing like an old - fashioned balanced - budget Republican .
With the discretionary - budget freeze and his announcement of a presidential commission that would constrain entitlements , he ’s taken a modest first step .
But are there enough sober designated drivers willing to ignore the tea-party frenzy and seriously engage ?
“ That ’s pandering populism , ” GOP senator Judd Gregg said about colleagues to his right and left trying to stop Ben Bernanke ’s reappointment as Fed chairman , “ There ’s a lot of populism going on in this country today , and I ’m getting a little tired of it myself .
What it ’s going to do is burn down some of the institutions which are critical to us as a nation . ”
Okay :
That ’s one Republican , maybe , sort of .
Of course , in a democracy , the people , even the unreasonable and crazy people , have to be made to feel they ’ve been heard .
But the job of serious Washington grown - ups with big populist constituencies — both presidents Roosevelt , Reagan , even Richard Nixon — is to respond to the rage with the minimum necessary demagoguery , throw them a few bones to calm them down , and then make deals with your fellow members of the elected elite .
Civility and sanity and prudence prevail , as the founders intended .
Obama ’s plainspoken human - to - human give - and - take with the House GOP caucus the other week was a perfect model for how the Washington elite could walk together back from the brink .
But it ’s possible that the populist impulse is now too powerful for the elite to reassert control .
In the old days , the elite media really did control the national political discourse ; there were no partisan , splenetic cable news or ubiquitous talk - radio channels and no blogosphere to keep the populists riled up and make them feel the excitement of a mob .
Until fifteen years ago , presidents and congressional leaders could pretty well manage the policy conversations , keep them on reasonable simmer .
But the new technologies have , maybe permanently , turned up the political heat to boil .
When George Bush and John McCain tried to pass immigration reform , they were defeated by their own populist right .
And in this election year , the appeal of nay - saying and politics - by - tantrum will be strong .
For the Republicans , the tea-party movement is an irresistible opportunity to double down on the crackpot emotionalism , an edgy new little anti-Establishment brand extension nominally ( but not ideologically ) distinct from the tired , discredited old GOP , something like what pseudo - microbrews like Land Shark Lager and Red Dog are to Anheuser - Busch and MillerCoors .
If the Republicans , as a result , stick to their just - say - no game , what ’s at risk is not merely Democratic majorities and Obama ’s reelection , but — not to get too hysterical — the future of the republic .
Apart from practical paralysis on addressing the big issues like health care and entitlements and energy , this extreme and practically nihilistic divisiveness , refusal as virtue , could become the new normal .
In a Times dispatch from the Davos conference , Tom Friedman wrote that our political emotionalism and congressional dysfunction are freaking out the global leaders who depend on the U.S. to be the grown - up .
Of course , “ the Davos elite ” is one of Pat Buchanan ’s contemptuous populist terms of derision .
Americans are rustic and bumptious , sure ; that ’s part of our charm .
And every so often we endure a big populist outburst .
But if the elite really goes native , then we ’re in trouble .
“ It ’s time that normal Joe Six - Pack American is finally represented in the position of vice - presidency , ” Sarah Palin said in 2008 , and in 2012 I have little doubt she ’ll be a normal Joe Six - Pack American seeking the presidency .
Along with , perhaps , Lou Dobbs or Glenn Beck .
If an unknown , inexperienced African - American could do it , why not one of them ?
Fortunately , during the last half - century , large majorities of Americans have turned sensible every time populist push came to shove , declining to make George Wallace , George McGovern , Nader , John Edwards , Kucinich , Mike Huckabee , or Ron Paul president .
When it comes to reenacting our patriotic founding story , we ’d better keep choosing to play the deliberative gentlemen engaged in careful compromise more than the apoplectic vandals dressed up as Indians and throwing things overboard .
WASHINGTON — Glenn Beck , a hero of the political right and the closing speaker at a conference of political conservatives here , offered a sweeping denunciation of progressivism on Saturday , calling it a cancer that must be cut out of the nation ’s political system .
Blaming President Obama for the nation ’s problems was “ too simple an answer , ” Mr. Beck , a popular conservative talk show host , told thousands of cheering supporters at the annual meeting of the Conservative Political Action Conference .
The real problem , he said , is progressivism , scrawling the word with chalk on a portable blackboard , a prop from his television show .
“ This is the disease in America , ” he said .
But Mr. Beck aimed his fire at Republicans , too , giving them little quarter and saying he did not know what the party stood for .
Mr. Beck , along with Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker who led the Republican revolution in 1994 , were among those who championed limited government and lower taxes at the three - day gathering of influential conservatives .
Mr. Beck , a recovering alcoholic , drew a parallel to addiction recovery programs and said that the Republican Party had to admit it was in trouble .
Earlier , the only way you could have got rid of your car was by selling it away .
But with the passage of time there has emerged a way that can not only help you do away with your useless car but also get you good benefits ; benefits in the form of tax deductibles .
The simple way that is being referred to here is charity .
Car owners who have a junk clunker or a SUV sitting idle in the garage can now consider car donations New Jersey .
There are a good number of car donation organization that are non-profitable in nature .
Being recognized by the Internal revenue Service or the IRS , these car donations can get you tax deductions once you donate your car to children charity in New Jersey .
Donation of any kind is a good thing .
But when you donate a car to charity that is for helping the needy children , you have a good feeling about the entire matter .
But as far as car donation New Jersey is concerned , there are certain things that needs to be taken care of .
It is not unlikely that you will come across more than one organization that claims to accept used car donation .
But as all that glitters are not gold , so all the organizations will also not be the right one to donate you car to .
So , there are certain things the car donor needs to ask or find out about the organization prior to donate the car .
So , what are the many things that one should inquire about ?
Following are the simple queries that one needs to make .
Is it of to donate a car to charity that has not run in many years ?
Is it fine to donate it still ?
Organizations that accept used car donations are not bothered about the condition of the car .
So , it really does not matter whether it has run in many years or not .
What is the amount of tax deductible that the car donor can earn ?
The amount of tax deduction that a car owner can earn depends a lot on the Fair Market Value of the car or the price at which the car is sold .
Whichever is greater , the car owner will be able to claim that .
VANCOUVER —
The four - month wait is over for elite Vancouver Canuck prospect Cody Hodgson , who is scheduled to resume his playing career Thursday with the Ontario Hockey League 's Brampton Battalion .
Hodgson has been out with back issues since he appeared in the Canucks ' final pre-season game Sept. 27 .
Originally injured during a dryland training session in July , the 19 - year - old centre tried to play through the problem during Vancouver 's NHL exhibition schedule .
He did not perform well , laboured with his skating and , finally , complained that he did n't have the necessary explosiveness in his right leg due to a bulging disc impinging on a nerve .
Months of physiotherapy did n't resolve the problem until Hodgson received a cortisone injection in December .
The skilled centre , last season 's Canadian major junior player of the year , had to pass on this year 's world junior tournament where he was expected to be named Team Canada captain .
“ We 're certainly happy that Cody will resume his playing career in the OHL this week , ” Canucks assistant GM Laurence Gilman said Monday from Montreal .
” He has informed us that he now feels he 's ready to play .
It 's been a long road for him .
He 's worked extremely hard to get back to this point and he feels he is 100 per cent ready to resume his career . ”
The Battalion , who were OHL playoff finalists last season , are currently struggling with 17 - 21 - 12 record .
They are fourth in their five - team division and tied for 16th overall in the 20 - team league .
The Battalion have 18 games remaining in their regular season .
If they do n't qualify for the playoffs or get quickly eliminated , Hodgson will then be eligible to join the Canucks ' Manitoba Moose farm team in the American Hockey League .
Or join the Canucks .
Gilman conceded no one expected Hodgson to be sidelined so long .
“ When this started , we did n't anticipate that it would be until this time that he began playing , ” Gilman said .
“ But these things happen , you know .
Cody is a big part of our future and we look forward to him continuing his progress as a player .
Throughout this whole process , we wanted to ensure that he was in good health and ready to play . ”
The Battalion will be at home Thursday to the Erie Otters , then play in London on Saturday before returning home Sunday to meet Sault Ste Marie .
BEST OF BURKIE : Leafs general manager Brian Burke was in his glory on the weekend , tie askew , in command , sure of himself , quick with a quip and Mr. Quotable .
The Buds ' boss obviously had to do something after his sad - sack squad collapsed Saturday against the Canucks .
Burkie has always adored the limelight .
Back in 1987 - 88 , as a rookie assistant GM with the Canucks , he had his own radio show , unheard of for an assistant GM .
( Okay , it was really Dan Russell 's Sportstalk , but Burke 's regular Wednesday 's appearances were appointment listening . )
He was always “ Burkie ” — that 's how he 'd identify himself when he called you back — and you did n't mess with him .
When a local columnist penned something negative about the Canucks , not hard in those days , Burkie would return fire .
Helping you find the best cannabis products .
That is our # 1 priority at Hail Mary Jane .
We ’ve been around for more than 10 years .
We know shopping for cannabis can be overwhelming .
There are thousands of brands out there .
Unless you want to try them all .
It ’s hard to land on your favorite one .
That ’s why our team of cannabis experts , tries , reviews and curates hundreds of products each year .
If we feel it ’s worth it , we recommend it .
We love our community , and listen to every comment or feedback .
If we have n’t reviewed a product you ’re crazy about .
Or if you had a bad experience with a brand .
Tell us !
Thursday , February 3
me and sun microsystems
There 's some talk about Sun over on reddit .
Sun was once an important institution in my life , although I think for different reasons than the ones offered by a lot of commenters .
A bit less than five years ago , I moved to Colorado with an undergraduate degree in history , the next thing to no work history , and a new girlfriend .
The girlfriend did childcare and worked in a store that sold vaguely arty junk to wealthy mothers .
I got some day labor on craigslist and halfheartedly applied for crap retail jobs .
We stressed about money .
After a couple of months , I went to the local office of a ( gigantic , blandly evil ) temporary employment agency , and they got me some little gigs .
I did a bunch of data entry and worked parking at college football games .
Eventually , they called me up with an offer of something long term , which ( when you 're working yourself out of intermittent typing jobs for eight bucks an hour and getting laughed out of interviews ) is one of the better things you can hear from a temp agency .
I should have failed the piss test , but I did n't , and then I was working in Shipping & Receiving at Sun in Broomfield .
1
It was a pretty simple gig .
In the mornings , you 'd get a bunch of packages and boxes in for delivery to people on - site .
You 'd scan 'em all in to the system ( a Fox Pro database running on a couple of Windows 95 boxes , plus some Zebra label printers and Palm handhelds with barcode scanners ) , slap labels on , pile 'em on carts , and fan out into the offices to drop things off and collect signatures .
In the afternoons , you 'd invent games with locally available materials and wait for someone to call with an absurd demand involving the movement and / or shipping of something guaranteed to cost more than your annual income and measure two inches taller than at least one door on the most desirable route to its destination .
There were four of us temping when I started , and three of us after Troy the metal drummer got canned for too many no -shows .
By that time , we were really fucking good at what we did .
I knew the location and employee number of every regular delivery , what kind of stuff it was , how badly they'd want to get it , and who to talk to if they were n't at their desk .
I knew who not to interrupt on the phone , who'd yell at me if I did n't , what was supposed to go to a lab instead of a cubicle .
I could look at a rack and tell you whether we'd have to take it outside through the courtyard , which elevators it'd fit on , and whether we'd have to put it on a truck instead of dragging it around on a pallet jack .
I could maneuver a pallet jack inside a broom closet .
I was hell on wheels with a tape gun .
We 'd stay late most nights waiting on the last pickup , open things up in the morning , go to heroic lengths to get things shipped on time even after the higher - ups told us not to worry about it .
We had approximately the least extrinsic responsibility imaginable , and for reasons I still can't quite articulate , we took it seriously .
Right up until Raymond and Beau got summary do n't - show - up - in - the - morning calls and I decided to follow suit in the hopes that the machinery might be vaguely inconvenienced for a day or two by my absence .
I was only there for about six months , total , but it has a lot to do with how I 've thought about working & institutional life since .
2
— Making friends with the delivery drivers .
Stealing our stuff back from Facilities when they 'd walk off with it .
Buying homemade tamales from the ladies who did all the janitorial work .
Random bureaucracy everywhere you looked .
Shipping hardware to India and watching guys drop off their ancient workstations after they 'd been laid off .
Little glass - doored offices along the walls , cubicle mazes out on the floor , bizarre little dumb terminals and gigantic monitors all over the place .
Listening to guys bitch about another layer of middle management .
Dilbert strips and demotivational posters on the walls .
Throwing away $ 100 cardboard boxes .
The occasional , quiet joy of explaining to some asshole in a corner office that you were n't allowed to set up his new monitor for him .
— Huge empty whiteboards and dotcom - era coffee stations and people who would still talk about how there used to be donuts every day .
Picking up random phones to dial back to shipping and let everyone know you 'd just found a stash of food .
( There was the reliable stuff everyone knew about , like the guy who was never in his office and always had these huge jars of pretzels , but a fresh bowl of candy or a sandwich platter was worth phoning home about .
Sandwiches were like finding money . )
— The time Manpower forgot to pay us for weeks in a row , and eventually sent representatives down with a box of donuts to tell us we should n't be talking to each other about whether or not we were getting paid .
— The one security guard you wanted to avoid .
Knowing who'd badge you through some door you did n't have privileges for ( and who 'd just look terrified when you asked ) , and where it was safe to use the pallet jack or a mail cart as a scooter .
Stories about the guy who had set up a whole apartment in a storage closet in building 5 , or the way that truckloads of desktop hardware quietly walked out the door when they were first setting up the offices , or how so - and - so had caught this one couple having sex in one of the empty buildings again .
How nice it was to just stop and talk to some old dude at one of the front desks .
Getting free stuff from the cafeteria .
That 's Sun for me .
Not their slice of the Unix ecosystem , or Java , or all that hardware ( though I sure did lug plenty of it around ) .
Just this weird little corner of the American organizational universe where I was part of the works for a bit .
I can't exactly say I mourn its corporate existence , but I appreciate the experience .
( It 's pushing 3 am as I write this .
I will probably revise it when I wake up to discover that it 's completely banal and incoherent . )
You ’re a Harvard professor and a scholar of African - American literature ; what led you to undertake your new PBS series , “ Faces of America , ” in which you research the ancestry and genetic makeup of a dozen mostly white celebrities , including Meryl Streep and Stephen Colbert ?
In 2006 , when we first aired the series “ African American Lives , ” I got a huge response .
A woman wrote to me and said , “ I like the series , but why do n’t you trace someone like me , who is of Russian - Jewish descent ” ?
I thought that was a great idea .
I ’m concerned that your new series reduces history to a game of celebrity DNA .
I use celebrities to attract an audience so we can teach people about genetics and genealogy .
I want people to watch .
But how does it advance our understanding of race in America to know that the genetic makeup of Stephen Colbert turns out to be 100 percent European or white ?
We discovered to Stephen ’s enormous surprise that he was not only descended from Irish Catholic ancestors , but from German Lutheran ancestors as well .
Diversity does n’t mean black and white only .
Have you noticed the newfound “ cousins ” in the news every day ?
Like President Obama and the new Republican senator of Massachusetts , Scott Brown , who are supposedly 10th cousins ?
Yes , I wish they had discovered their familial link before Scott Brown joined the Republican Party .
Christopher Nolan is coming back to do to a sequel to The Dark Knight and make his Batman series a trilogy .
That ’s good news , because there ’s at least one villain left who is tailor made for Nolan ’s style — the Riddler .
Gary Oldman has even hinted that the Riddler will be the baddie in the third installment .
If Nolan was born to bring a Zodiac - style Riddler to the screen , Michael C. Hall was born to play that character .
Anyone who ’s seen his work as the titular character on Dexter knows that .
Imagine this scenario : Commissioner Gordan and the rest of Gotham City ’s finest continue to hunt public enemy No. 1 — the Dark Knight himself .
If that was n’t enough for the Caped Crusader to handle , he also has a new archenemy — the Riddler .
While the Joker thrived in the spotlight , the Riddler lurks in the shadows .
If the Joker was a dog chasing cars , the Riddler is something more camouflaged , more cannibalistic .
He ’s the praying mantis .
Speaking of Dexter , picture the Ice Truck Killer meets Alex from A Clockwork Orange .
Batman would have to track down this ghost of killer while he ’s on the run from the law .
Picture a room wrapped in plastic with Alfred on the table .
How do you defeat the smartest , most - sociopathic opponent you ’ve faced with one arm tied behind your back ?
Even Batman would have a tough time solving that riddle .
Hall is a brilliant actor who ’s mastered the nuanced art of acting clever , crazy and calm simultaneously .
A serene serial killer seems like an oxymoron , but Hall has been pulling it off for four seasons on Showtime .
If there is one actor who can take where Heath Ledger left off and up the ante , it ’s Golden Globe winner Hall .
Additionally , he ’s got a great sense of comedic timing .
There is n’t much that could possibly be more difficult acting - wise than making an audience chuckle while playing a serial killer , but Hall does just that and does it routinely .
I ’m clearly not the first person to think this as there is actually a Michael C. Hall as the Riddler in Nolan ’s Batman Facebook page .
That ’s proof that Batman fans would get behind this casting choice .
He sure the hell beats David Tennant .
That guy is better suited to play Bilbo Baggins .
Hall is the Riddler .
No different than how American Psycho served as Christian Bale ’s Batman audition , Hall has been auditioning for this role for years as the star of Dexter .
Christopher Nolan , there ’s one sure - fire way to keep the momentum of The Dark Knight going .
As you gear up for Batman 3 , cast Michael C. Hall as the Riddler .
Other Links You Might Enjoy :
KAMPALA , Uganda —
After weeks of mounting domestic and international concern over the “ Anti-Homosexuality Bill ” currently before the Ugandan parliament , President Yoweri Museveni finally issued his view on the legislation : “ Go slow . ”
Museveni's wary stance toward the bill is expected to call into question its passage through parliament .
The controversial bill thrust Uganda into the international spotlight at the center of the global clash over gay rights .
Museveni , who had been silent about the anti-gay bill since it was proposed in October , distanced himself and his government from the controversial legislation , which calls for the death sentence for some homosexual acts .
His remarks to the executive council of his ruling party , the National Resistance Movement , were published in the Ugandan press on Wednesday .
Museveni said he is not behind the bill , which calls for the death penalty for the newly created crime of “ aggravated homosexuality , ” defined as when one of the participants is HIV positive , a minor or a " serial offender . "
Homosexual acts are already crimes in Uganda , punishable by up to 14 years in jail .
The new legislation would increase the sentence to life imprisonment .
“ This issue was not brought by the government , it was not even brought by the party , it was brought by a private member and we have not had time even to discuss with him , ” said Museveni .
“ It ’s not just our internal politics , ” said Museveni .
“ It is a foreign policy issue , and we must handle it in a way which does not compromise our principles , but also takes into account our foreign policy interests . ”
He said the bill would be discussed by his cabinet .
“ No , no , no , ” shouted several members of parliament in disagreement .
But Museveni continued explaining his reservations about the bill , saying that passage of the anti-gay bill would jeopardize Uganda ’s plans to host a conference for the International Criminal Court because many in the international community would view Uganda as a violator of the human rights of gays and lesbians .
Sweden threatened to cut off aid if the bill becomes law and other major Western donors were expected to take similar action .
Museveni said that several world leaders had told him of their objections to the bill including British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
To further emphasize his point , Museveni told of a gay - sponsored rally in New York City in the 1990s to support then - U.S. President Bill Clinton .
“ In that rally , about 300,000 homosexuals attended .
I challenge you .
Who of you , MPs , has ever had a rally of 300,000 people , other than me ?
Even for me , it is not often that I get those numbers , ” said Museveni .
Uganda 's head - of - state said he would discuss the bill with its author , David Bahati .
Bahati continues to campaign for passage of his bill .
He accuses homosexuals of “ recruitment of children in schools ” and suggests that they can be cured .
Responding to Museveni ’s remarks , Bahati said that he and the president had “ common ground ” regarding the need for the anti-gay bill .
Museveni ’s skeptical attitude toward the legislation was welcomed by Uganda ’s gay and lesbian activists .
“ We Ugandans are very pleased to hear the president has reservations about this bill .
It is crucial that as gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender Ugandans we be given this chance for dialogue about our lives , ” said Sexual Minorities Uganda 's programs coordinator Julian Pepe Onziema to GlobalPost .
“ If we are given the chance to speak without fear to a committee in parliament about our concerns we are certain that our fellow Ugandans will see that we gay and lesbian Ugandans are your children , your friends , your neighbors , your shopkeepers , your nurses , your lawyers and even MPs , ” said Onziema .
“ Otherwise , we demand the total withdrawal of the bill and decriminalization of homosexuality in Uganda . "
Some fundamentalist Christian groups in the United States encouraged Bahati and other Ugandan politicians to draft the draconian legislation , according to several news reports .
This was seen as part of their drive against gay marriage in the United States and gay rights in other parts of the world — and at first it seemed Uganda 's parliament would pass the bill .
But the possible loss of aid from major donors and the diplomatic caution voiced by world leaders apparently persuaded Museveni to take an unenthusiastic stance toward the bill .
Ugandans suggest that political considerations are behind Museveni 's position .
“ The presidential elections of 2011 are just around the corner and therefore Museveni , now running for an unpopular fourth term , cannot risk the integrity of this country with the international community , ” said Christopher Magezi , a farmer and businessman .
“ But I think , in his heart , he knows that Ugandans are actually in strong support of many sections of the bill .
Scared of losing his international support to the opposition , he can say anything . ”
Journalist and newspaper publisher , Andrew Mwenda says that Museveni is " a survivor , responding to his survival instincts which are shaped by local politics and the international community . "
Mwenda believes that Museveni , in an effort to keep Ugandan popular support , which is largely anti-gay , will be able , " to blame the West for killing the bill " thereby keeping his constituency behind him , all the while satisfying his foreign donors .
Forgive American consumers if they feel a bit perplexed .
Policymakers and pundits have been warning them about the prospect of deflation ( a prolonged and widespread decline in prices ) , but there ’s no sign of any decline in many of the prices that people pay every day .
Car - insurance premiums jumped more than nine per cent last year .
Health - insurance costs are soaring , to say nothing of the cost of a haircut .
Cable - TV prices have risen sixteen per cent since 2000 .
And then there ’s college : tuitions at private colleges have jumped 5.6 per cent annually over the past three years , according to the College Board , and public colleges are even worse .
In times like these , it ’s hard to get worked up about deflation .
Why the divergence ?
It may have something to do with Mozart .
When Mozart composed his String Quintet in G Minor ( K. 516 ) , in 1787 , you needed five people to perform it — two violinists , two violists , and a cellist .
Today , you still need five people , and , unless they play really fast , they take about as long to perform it as musicians did two centuries ago .
So much for progress .
An economist would say that the productivity of classical musicians has not improved over time , and in this regard the musicians are n’t alone .
In a number of industries , workers produce about as much per hour as they did a decade or two ago .
The average college professor can’t grade papers or give lectures any faster today than he did in the early nineties .
It takes a waiter just as long to serve a meal , and a car - repair guy just as long to fix a radiator hose .
The rest of the American economy functions differently .
In most businesses , workers are continually getting more productive and can produce a lot more per hour than they could ten or twenty years ago .
In 1979 , workers at G.M. needed forty - one hours to assemble a car .
Today , they need just twenty - four .
In the nineties , according to the consulting firm McKinsey & Company , retailers boosted their sales per hour by sixty per cent , and that was nothing compared with computer makers , whose productivity since 1995 has gone up sixty per cent each year .
Because companies are producing more for less , they can hold down costs , and when times are good they can raise wages without hiking prices .
So , in the late nineties , as productivity rose , wages did , too , though inflation lay dormant .
Generally , productivity growth is a boon , but it creates problems for non-productive enterprises like classical music , education , and car repair : to keep luring talent , they have to increase wages , or else people eventually migrate to businesses that pay better .
Instead of becoming nurses or mechanics , they become telecom engineers or machinists .
That ’s why teachers are getting paid a lot more than they were twenty years ago .
( The average salary for an associate college professor has risen almost seventy per cent since the early eighties , and that ’s if you adjust for inflation . )
To pay those wages , schools and hospitals have to raise prices .
The result is that in industries where productivity is flat costs and prices keep going up .
Economists call this phenomenon “ Baumol ’s cost disease , ” after William Baumol , the N.Y.U. economist who first made the diagnosis , using the Mozart analogy , in the sixties .
As anyone with kids knows , cost disease is alive and well .
A recent study by the economists Jack Triplett and Barry Bosworth demonstrates that among the service businesses that have been least productive in recent years you ’ll find education , insurance , health care , and entertainment .
These are the ones that have seen steep price hikes .
There are really two American economies : one that ’s getting more productive and one that ’s not .
In the first — the economy of Dell , Toyota , and Wal - Mart — consumers have grown accustomed to paying less for more .
In the second — the economy of Harvard , the Yankees , and Bob ’s Body Shop — they pay more for the same .
The first economy has policymakers worried about deflation .
The second has consumers worried about paying their bills .
Cost disease is n’t anyone ’s fault .
( That ’s why it ’s called a disease . )
It ’s just endemic to businesses that are labor - intensive .
Colleges , for example , could do many things more efficiently , but , since their biggest expense is labor , the only way to reduce costs is either to increase the number of students each professor teaches or to outsource the work to poorly paid adjuncts .
The same goes for health care : you can control drug costs and limit expensive new procedures , but , when it comes to , say , hospital care and doctor visits , the only way to improve productivity is to shrink the size of the staff and have doctors spend less time with patients ( or treat several patients at once ) .
Thus the Hobson ’s choice : to lower prices you have to lower quality .
Once upon a time , economists worried that cost disease would wreck the economy , as services started to eat up more and more of people ’s budgets .
But the evidence now suggests that it can be contained .
As long as the productive industries keep growing quickly enough to offset the sluggards , the economy as a whole can stay in good shape .
The most significant consequence of Baumol ’s cost disease , in fact , may be political , rather than economic .
Some of the most important services that the government provides — education , law enforcement , health care — are the hardest to make more productive .
To keep providing the same quality of services , then , government has to get more expensive .
People pay more in taxes and do n’t get more in return , which makes it look as though the public sector , at least compared with the private sector , is inept and bloated .
But it could be that the government is merely stuck in inherently low - productivity - growth businesses .
It ’s not inefficient .
It ’s just got a bad case of Baumol’s .
YOU DO THE MATH !
Purchasing
The math on the Paul McCartney - Heather Mills divorce is as follows :
After 5 years of marriage , he paid her $ 49 million .
Assuming he had sex every night during their 5 year relationship it ended up costing him $ 26,849 per time .
This is Heather :
Leasing
On the other hand , Tiger Wood ’s hooker , Kristen , an absolute stunner , charges $ 4000 per night .
This is Kristen :
Talking with the Taliban emerged as the headline - grabbing themes at two international meetings on Afghanistan last week .
The two meetings were a regional conference of Afghanistan ’s neighbors and other key countries in Istanbul , Turkey , on Jan. 26 , and a higher - profile conference in London on Jan. 28 attended by officials of 70 nations and international organizations such as the United Nations and International Monetary Fund .
At the Istanbul meeting , leading diplomats from China , Russia , Pakistan , Iran , Tajikistan along with Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Britain , the U.S. , NATO and the European Union , backed the idea of national conciliation , Reuters reported .
“ We reaffirm our strong commitment to the sovereignty , independence , territorial integrity and national unity of Afghanistan , ” they said in a statement .
“ We support , therefore , the Afghan national process of reconciliation and reintegration in accordance with the constitution of Afghanistan in a way that is Afghan - led and Afghan - driven . ”
The London meeting featured talk of international support to bolster the Afghan government , including establishment of a fund to encourage lower - level Taliban fighters to lay down arms .
Afghan President Karzai said his government would provide jobs , land and money for those who give up fighting .
But diplomats and others say involving Taliban leaders is necessary .
Afghan officials say they have been engaged in talks with the Taliban , although Taliban statements denied that .
In an effort to promote talks , the UN on Wednesday , the day before the London meeting , removed the names of five former Taliban leaders from the UN terrorism “ black list , ” including the ousted Taliban regime ’s foreign minister Wakil Ahmad Mutawakil , who lives in Kabul .
New York Times reporter Dexter Filkins , writing from Kabul , reports that “ American leaders have begun to search for a road that could eventually lead to a political settlement with the Taliban ’s leaders .
“ Afghan leaders and American officials believe that ultimately the two sides will have to reach a political settlement for the fighting to end . ”
Dr. Ashraf Ghani , the former finance minister of Afghanistan and former candidate in last year ’s disputed presidential elections , told Al Jazeera on Jan. 30 that reconciliation talks with the Taliban are under way .
Ghani , currently a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington who said he is an adviser to Karzai , told Al Jazeera the Afghan conflict cannot be settled by use of force .
“ We must put politics first now , ” he said .
He said there is a need to “ differentiate between the Taliban and al - Qaeda – al - Qaeda is the enemy and there must be a united front against it , but the Taliban are a local and national issue ” and it is necessary to find ways of “ reaching them and bringing them within the fold . ”
Ghani said Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states have been active in mediation efforts .
Karzai has asked Saudi Arabia to mediate with the Taliban and said it would host peace talks if the Taliban cuts ties with al - Qaeda , according to Al Jazeera .
Ghani also said , “ We also need the engagement of China to make sure that regional arrangements are put in place ” to end use of neighboring countries as sanctuary for armed attacks .
However a report by the Chinese news agency Xinhua expressed skepticism that reconciliation efforts would work , given the Karzai government ’s weakness and the problematic foreign military occupation .
“ Afghans see little chance in bringing militants into mainstream of community and convincing them to lay down arms , ” the Xinhua article said .
It quoted two Afghan sources critical of the U.S. - NATO role there .
“ Taliban would not accept any peace plan presented in London as the militants term the international troops deployed in Afghanistan as the occupying force , ” an Afghan analyst and former Taliban official Waheed Mughda told Xinhua .
“ I do not see any change in the policy of the U.S. and NATO in war against Taliban and associated groups , ” another Afghan analyst , Qasim Akhgar , told Xinhua .
Akhgar , described by Xinhua as a human right activist and writer , said he doubted the U.S. is serious about conducting a war against terror .
“ If they ( U.S. and allied nations ) were serious in war on terror , definitely the Taliban and other militants groups have already been eliminated , ” said Akhgar .
The article also cautioned that anti-terror efforts require participation of Iran .
Iran participated in the Istanbul regional meeting , but did not attend the London conference because of tensions with the British government .
Noting that the Afghan Parliament rejected 11 of Karzai ’s 25 Cabinet nominees , the Xinhua article says , “ experts ” believe this evidence of Karzai ’s weakness “ could raise question ” about his ability to achieve his ambitious stated plans for “ peace through reconciliation , eliminating corruption and ensuring good governance . ”
Speaking at the Istanbul conference , Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi stressed the importance of regional efforts to end the Afghan war .
“ Countries in the region have special associations with Afghanistan due to geographical , religious , ethnic and linguistic reasons , ” he said .
“ We should employ our unique influence to help Afghanistan realize peace , stability , economic development and social harmony at an early date . ”
Yang said regional and international efforts must “ fully respect the independence of Afghanistan , ” and also said it is “ imperative to respect the leading role of the United Nations in coordinating international efforts . ”
China is a leading force in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization , which is seen by many as an emerging Asian counterweight to NATO .
Its members are China , Russia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan .
India , Iran , Pakistan and Mongolia are observers .
The SCO appears to be increasing its activity on Afghanistan .
On Jan. 25 , Russia hosted an SCO meeting on Afghanistan including deputy foreign ministers from Afghanistan , India , Iran , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , China , Pakistan , Russia , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan .
At an earlier SCO conference on Afghanistan last March , Secretary ‐General Bolat Nurgaliev , of Kazakhstan , said , in an apparent message to the U.S. : “ It is stability , not transformation imposed from outside , it is long‐term and steady international aid , not interference aimed to achieve unilateral interests , which Afghanistan needs the most . ”
Photo : Britain ’s Foreign Secretary David Miliband , center , listens during a joint news conference with Dr. Rangin Spanta , left , senior advisor to the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan , and Kai Eide , special representative of the UN Secretary General , at the end of the London conference on Afghanistan , Jan. 28 .
( AP / Lefteris Pitarakis )
By Ed Davey
BBC News , London
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Five London councils may have to repay millions of pounds of parking fines to motorists after a BBC London investigation proved hundreds of their parking bays have been unlawfully operated for decades .
There are 346 diplomatic parking sites in the city , reserved for foreign embassy staff .
But because they are not " standard " bays , councils have to get permission from the secretary of state for transport before installing road signs .
Now Westminster , Kensington and Chelsea , Camden , and Islington have all admitted they did not have proper permission from the government .
It means their signs did not comply with the law - and were technically classed as " illegal obstructions of the highway " , according to the Town and Country Planning Act .
Every parking fine and car - towing carried out in these unauthorised bays since the 1970s is therefore unenforceable .
' Acting unlawfully ' Richard Bentley , of RMB Consulting , is an independent traffic signs consultant who has appeared in court as an expert witness .
He said : " Failing to have signing approved by the government means nobody can be penalised .
" These councils have been acting unlawfully . "
In Westminster alone , 1,463 tickets were issued in diplomatic bays last year .
By law , everyone given a ticket in an unauthorised diplomatic bay within the past six years is now able to reclaim the money .
The City of London has now removed its two diplomatic parking bays Based on the number of tickets given out by Westminster , that could be in the region of £ 5 m London - wide , parking campaigner Neil Herron said .
But a separate legal test case currently going through the courts could force councils to voluntarily return all " unlawfully derived income " from illegal bays .
Retired roofer Barry Moss has lodged papers with the High Court in a case concerning Bolton Council which could prove the legal principle that councils have to proactively repay such income no matter how long ago it was obtained .
If he wins it could compel the London councils to pay back to motorists every unlawful penny gained from diplomatic bays since the 1970s - and Mr Herron warned that could be tens of millions of pounds .
Such money could be hard to find .
Westminster is already seeking to plug a £ 22 m overspend and was caught two weeks ago ordering officers to use parking to make more revenue .
Mr Herron , of the Motorists ' Legal Challenge group , said of the diplomatic bays issue : " It is the probably the biggest parking admission ever across the country and will have huge implications . "
Fairness and justice is a two - way street and councils now have a duty to refund those fined unlawfully
Neil Herron , parking campaigner Describing revenue from diplomatic bays as " 22 years of unlawfully derived income " , he continued : " If councils paid more attention to getting everything right they would not now be in the position of having to refund millions .
" This is what happens when corners are cut in the pursuit of a cash cow .
" Fairness and justice is a two - way street and councils now have a duty to refund those fined unlawfully . "
Camden and Westminster both realised their mistake in late 2009 and applied for authorisation to make their diplomatic bays legal .
Islington and Kensington and Chelsea still do not have authorisation .
After being alerted to the error by the BBC , both are applying for authorisation .
Westminster did apply for permission at a " handful " of sites in 1978 , according to a Department for Transport ( DfT ) source .
But the council said it had since lost the document detailing which locations were authorised , meaning no fines from their bays were lawful until late last year .
Westminster has 196 diplomatic parking sites .
' An oversight ' Kevin Goad , Westminster 's parking boss , said : " The council has been given approval for the signs used to mark diplomatic bays .
" If any of our bays were not approved by the Department for Transport in the intervening period this was an oversight that has been corrected . "
A spokeswoman for Kensington and Chelsea said : " We believed approval for this sign had been granted by the Department for Transport in the 1970s .
" Now it has come to our attention there is no record of this and we have contacted the DfT to apply . "
Appeals invited Camden Council admitted it had no authorisation before November 2009 .
A spokeswoman said : " We maintain that at all times signage has been clear .
" Anyone who has received a ticket they believe has been issued incorrectly can appeal . "
An Islington Council spokeswoman added : " We were unaware of an issue regarding special authorisation for signage in these bays and will look into this further . "
City of London 's two unauthorised bays were removed two years ago .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If I 'm right — if reading source code requires identifying parts of speech — then familiarity with syntax and grammar is important to programming as an adept .
Consider Damian Conway 's SelfGOL .
As an experienced Perl programmer , I can pick out various pieces of the code at a glance .
There 's an assignment .
There 's quoting .
That 's a variable .
That 's a list slice .
If you 've never encountered Perl before ( or programming in general ) , you might recognize some English words , such as print and die , and that 's all .
One of Perl 's design ideas borrowed from linguistics is that " different things should look different " .
To novices , everything looks different .
$ name is n't obviously a single chunk .
It 's an English identifier and one of several punctuation symbols apparently sprinkled at random throughout the program .
Good use of whitespace helps .
So does the good use of parentheses as grouping constructs ( though as in prose , they often get overused by novices ) .
One of the most subtle mechanisms to identify individual chunks floating in a sea of code is with syntax highlighting .
I can't prove this .
I have n't studied it in repeatable situations .
Even so , I hypothesize that ( modulo color choice concerns ) merely highlighting different types of terms in the grammar in different ways will help novices understand how to pick out individual chunks in code .
This requires training .
This demands practice .
Unless you spend time reading code , you wo n't understand how expressions fit together , and you have little hope of understanding code .
I believe it 's impossible to skip this step , and thus I do n't care if someone who 's used C or ML has trouble reading Perl 5 code .
Of course people have trouble reading when they do n't know the grammar .
( Do n't worry , Lisp fans .
Homoiconicity — apart from additional complexity of quoting forms and reader macros — means that novices have to spend their time learning to recognize idioms and abstractions at a level higher than tokens and chunks without the benefit of patterns of chunk types as mnemonics to idioms .
Then again , I think in patterns , rarely words . )
Canadian MP
Charlie Angus , a former rocker , has formally introduced a bill meant to ease the legal uncertainty around format shifting .
He proposes a trade : Canada 's levy on items like blank CDs gets expanded to devices like iPods , and in return people can legally transfer their own music to devices like iPods .
Such a plan might sound bizarre to US ears , where format - and time - shifting are assumed to be legal so long as no DRM circumvention is involved , but it remains legally dubious in countries like Canada and the UK .
Shifting a song from a CD to a computer to an iPod does , after all , create new copies of the work — and copyright holders have long claimed compensation for such uses .
In fact , Canada has had such a scheme since 1997 in the form of a " private copying levy . "
Blank media for music is hit with a special fee to compensate artists and rightsholders for the " private copying " assumed to be taking place , but the levy has always been limited in scope ; " devices " were not included .
Back in 2007 , the Copyright Board of Canada decided that the levy should extend to devices like the iPod , not just to blank media .
The Board proposed a fee structure such that any device with more than 30 GB of space would be hit with a CAN $ 75 levy on top of its retail price .
In 2008 , that decision was shot down by the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal , which found that the Board exceeded its legal authority in proposing the change .
Angus ' new bill would provide that legal authority .
" Digital locks and suing fans are not going to prevent people from copying music from one format to another , " he said in a statement announcing the new bill .
" The levy is a solution that works .
By updating it , we will ensure that artists are getting paid for their work , and that consumers are n’t criminalized for moving their legally - obtained music from one format to another . "
Note that Angus focuses on format - shifting only ; " the levy provides legal certainty for fans to copy songs onto an iPod or MP3 player , " he added .
The issue of how the levy applies to music obtained from P2P networks remains controversial in Canada , where industry has long claimed that the money only covers things like format - shifting .
Back in 2004 , federal appellate judge Konrad von Finckenstein ( now Canada 's top telecoms regulator ) ruled that " the downloading of a song for a person 's private use does not constitute infringement . "
He cited a section of Canada 's copyright law which says that copies of musical works downloaded " onto an audio recording medium for the private use of the person who makes the copy does not constitute an infringement of the copyright in the musical work , the performer 's performance or the sound recording . "
But what 's a " medium " ?
As the recording industry said at the time , " Downloading pirated music is not legal in Canada ...
The copyright law conclusions in the case he cites were overturned on appeal .
In fact , the Federal Court of Appeal has subsequently twice ruled that the private copying regime does n't apply to downloads made to hard drives . "
Internal computer hard drives were not covered by the levy .
Unless Angus is prepared to extend the levy to computers as well , getting access to the music might remain a problem , since most music is still stored on computers and loaded into devices like iPods .
In addition , the entire levy system only covers music ; movies , TV shows , and video games would be unaffected and would remain illegal to share without permission .
Then there 's DRM .
As law professor Michael Geist points out , " The industry is pushing for anti-circumvention rules that would prohibit Canadians from picking the digital lock on copy controls found on CDs .
If Canadians have paid for the right to copy via the levy , surely those rights should not be trumped by the use of DRM . "
A secret plan to foment an internal coup against Saddam Hussein was drawn up by the British government two years before the Iraq invasion .
Whitehall officials drafted the " contract with the Iraqi people " as a way of signalling to dissenters in Iraq that an overthrow of Saddam would be supported by Britain .
It promised aid , oil contracts , debt cancellations and trade deals once the dictator had been removed .
Tony Blair 's team saw it as a way of creating regime change in Iraq even before the 9/11 attack on New York .
The document , headed " confidential UK / US eyes " , was finalised on 11 June 2001 and approved by ministers .
It has not been published by the Iraq inquiry but a copy has been obtained by The Independent newspaper .
It states : " We want to work with an Iraq which respects the rights of its people , lives at peace with its neighbours and which observes international law .
" The Iraqi people have the right to live in a society based on the rule of law , free from repression , torture and arbitrary arrest ; to enjoy respect for human rights , economic freedom and prosperity , " the contract reads .
" The record of the current regime in Iraq suggests that its priorities remain elsewhere .
" Those who wish to promote change in Iraq deserve our support , " it concludes .
" We look forward to the day when Iraq rejoins the international community . "
A new regime was to be offered " debt rescheduling " through the Paris Club , an informal group of the richest 19 economies , given help from the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund and handed an EU aid and trade deal .
Companies were to be invited to invest in its oil fields .
A " comprehensive retraining programme " was to be offered to Iraqi professionals .
During his evidence to the inquiry last week , Mr Blair said it was only after 9/11 that serious attention was given to removing Saddam as the attack changed the " calculus of risk " .
However , another classified document released by the Iraq inquiry on Friday night showed that No 10 explicitly saw the Contract with the Iraqi People as an early tool to remove the former Iraqi dictator .
A memo issued in March 2001 by Sir John Sawers , then Mr Blair 's foreign policy adviser , cited the document under the heading " regime change " .
" Regime change .
The US and UK would re-make the case against Saddam Hussein .
We would issue a Contract with the Iraqi People , setting out our goal of a peaceful , law - abiding Iraq , " the memo states .
" The Contract would make clear that the Iraqi regime 's record and behaviour made it impossible for Iraq to meet the criteria for rejoining the international community without fundamental change . "
Officials planned to release the contract alongside tougher sanctions against Saddam 's regime being negotiated in 2001 .
When no agreement was reached and the US began to seek more active measures to remove the Baghdad administration after 9/11 , the contract was dropped .
The document was not released by the Iraq inquiry , despite being cited as significant by Foreign Office officials .
Sir William Patey , the Government 's head of Middle East policy at the time it was drafted , said it was " our way in the Foreign Office of trying to signal that we did n't think Saddam was a good thing and it would be great if he went " .
He said it was used in place of an " explicit policy of trying to get rid of him " .
" It was a way of signalling to the Iraqi people that because we do n't have a policy of regime change , it does n't mean to say we 're happy with Saddam Hussein , and there is life after Saddam with Iraq being reintegrated into the international community , " he said .
Ed Davey , the Foreign Affairs spokesman for the Liberal Democrats , said the document called into question Mr Blair 's evidence and should have been made public before his hearing on Friday .
" A plan to back Iraqis seeking to oust Saddam may have been far less damaging and certainly more legal than what happened .
Yet it shows that Blair 's intent was always for regime change from an early stage and before 9/11 , " he said .
" Yet again , it seems that critical documents have not been declassified , hampering the questioning of Blair and others . "
* Tony Blair is to be recalled by the Chilcot Inquiry to give further evidence , according to The Guardian .
It claims that Mr Blair will be questioned in both public and in private after the panel raised concerns that his evidence relating to the legality of the invasion conflicted with that given by the former Attorney General , Lord Goldsmith .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
Monday Night Combat kind of looks like a first - person shooter version of Heroes of Newerth or League of Legends to me ... and that 's a good thing .
This video , showing off the gameplay that will be on hand at Penny Arcade Expo East this weekend , gives us a good taste of how the Xbox Live Arcade exclusive will play in " Crossfire " mode .
Advertisement
Crossfire is a six - on - six class based mode that pits two teams against each other , Hotshots versus the Icemen , over XBox Live Arcade .
Win Crossfire mode by destroying the opponent 's Moneyball while protecting yours .
Push your AI controlled Breach Bots to the enemy 's base to take down the Moneyball 's shield so players can destroy it and win money .
Players can defend their base by building and upgrading turrets and leveling up their characters ' skills and abilities during combat .
If you 're headed to PAX East today , where both Totilo and Fahey will be covering the show 's highlights , Monday Night Combat will be playable at Uber Entertainment 's booth # 417 .
Advertisement
Participants will also have a chance at winning 8 - inch hand painted Pitgirl statues , Monday Night Combat 8 - bit t- shirts , Baconnaise - bacon flavored mayonnaise , and a chance to beat the Uber crew at their own game .
The conflict in Gaza lasted 22 days from the end of 2008 to early 2009
By Paul Wood
BBC News , Jerusalem
Buried in paragraph 108 of the Israeli foreign ministry 's report to the UN on Gaza is the key fact of the document .
Two senior officers - one the commander of the Gaza ground operation , no less - were reprimanded for failing to follow their own rules of engagement .
The document was slipped out almost unnoticed late on Friday night , but on Monday morning it was no surprise that one Israeli newspaper , Ha'aretz , is leading on the story and others give it prominence .
This is an explosive admission , especially after Israel had said earlier - after an investigation by a senior general - that white phosphorus was not misused during the Gaza conflict .
As Ha'aretz says , this is the first time that Israel has acknowledged , at least in part , allegations by the UN and other international organisations that civilians were jeopardised by the misuse of artillery near the UN warehouse in Gaza City .
This is the IDF [ Israel Defence Forces ] investigating the IDF
Anonymous UN official
Gaza case studies : Weapons use Q&A : White phosphorus injuries UN criticises Israelis over Gaza Israel phosphorus use criticised Israel defends use of phosphorus
And this is in relation to one of the most notorious incidents of the conflict , the burning of the main UN warehouse in Gaza City with white phosphorus shells .
UN officials are , though , privately sceptical of the process by which this admission of wrongdoing emerged .
" This is the IDF [ Israel Defence Forces ] investigating the IDF , " said one UN official who was in Gaza at the time .
The two officers have just been disciplined - they apparently keep their rank and pay - and will not face criminal prosecution .
That is something the Israeli political - military establishment is desperate to avoid .
They fear it would be disastrous for morale and would damage the ability of Israel 's army to fight the next war .
Bad for morale
However , Israel 's problem is that if its own investigations appear to the outside world to be a whitewash designed to avoid action in the courts , the UN is all the more likely to order a special tribunal at The Hague .
The IDF used white phosphorus in its attack on the Gaza Strip UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon will present his report on the Gaza war to the UN General Assembly this week .
This follows a detailed inquiry by the UN war crimes judge Richard Goldstone , who called on both Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas to start their own credible , fully independent investigations or risk action by an international tribunal .
Israel is engaged in a diplomatic offensive to try to head off an international war crimes prosecution .
One response might be for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to order a proper judicial investigation headed by a Supreme Court judge .
He is said to be weighing this and other options and will decide by the end of the week .
Hamas , too , has been called upon to carry out independent investigations into the conduct of its forces .
UN officials believe that it , too , will have to do more to satisfy the UN and avoid prosecution at The Hague .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MUMBAI : In 2004 , at the height of the American presidential campaign dominated among other things by offshoring and a jobless recovery , HCL ’s Vineet Nayar set off a firestorm with a comment that American graduates were not employable .
As trade unions seethed and politicians fumed , two men looked at the reaction the comments had caused and wondered if there was a business opportunity .
Since offshoring was considered a purely Indian phenomenon and sensing a backlash to the process in the years ahead , Debashish Sinha and Neeraj Gupta two IT industry executives in the US began quietly working on an alternative that would appeal to many companies and the political establishment .
It took them five years to come up with a concrete plan and get investor funding .
System In Motion ( SIM ) , a Michigan - based start up , launched few months ago plans to challenge the traditional offshore outsourcing market leaders by delivering low cost services from locations such as Ann Arbor .
With the Indian outsourcing industry still being viewed by some in the US as one of the reasons for the country ’s ‘ jobless recovery ’ , this start up is promising to create more than 1,100 jobs over next five years in Michigan , home to Ford , General Motors and Chrysler - the Detroit ’s big three .
“ With nearly 30 % unemployment rate in the region , for every Java programmer advertisement we put , there are around 100 applicants , with many of them having a decade ’s experience , ” says Sinha .
The company is backed by several angel investors including Preetish Nijhawan , the Akamai founder , has Michael G. Parks , the former CIO of Virgin Mobile and Wells Fargo on the board too .
“ I would agree that there will be more start - ups providing onshore services but it will remain a niche business and represents the ongoing evolution of outsourcing rather than indictment against offshore outsourcing .
The bulk of new jobs in the US have long been created by small businesses and this is another example of that , ” said Stan Lepeak , managing director of Equa Terra ’s global research pravctice .
The Michigan government has already assured tax rebates worth around $ 7.4 million linked to the job creation .
In her ‘ state of the state address ’ delivered last week , Michigan governor Jennifer M. Granholm praised System In Motion for creating some 1,900 jobs in the Pittsfield township .
Local outsourcing to low cost American locations is not entirely a new trend .
Smaller US firms such as Rural America Onshore Sourcing and Xpanxion have been attempting to build a sustainable rural outsourcing model in the US at a time when offshore locations such as India are facing a backlash and unemployment rates have touched an all - time high .
Xpanxion , an Atlanta - headquartered software firm , which shifted its software testing work from Pune to Nebraska a few years ago is among a handful of such firms seeking to create a more comfortable and cost - effective alternative to offshore outsourcing .
NCR , Coca Cola and Goldleaf Financial Solutions are among customers outsourcing software projects to Xpanxion .
Cost advantages of delivering a project from a location such as Corsicana , or Kearney ( Nebraska ) could be almost 20 - 40 % cheaper when compared to Los Angeles .
“ In some ways Vineet ’s comments ( and the local reaction ) were among trigger .
The market also is beginning to see offshoring as a pure Indian phenomenon , but we launched System In Motion to leverage the American workforce , ” says Sinha .
March 18 , 2010 - TF2 Team
In the past we 've shipped features that came from community suggestions .
Now we 've taken it one step further : we 're shipping game content that was directly built by the community .
Today 's TF2 update includes a bunch of new items and weapons , all of which were made by members of the TF2 community and uploaded to the Contribute ! site .
The overall quality of submissions we 're receiving is fantastic , by the way , so there 'll be plenty of new additions to follow .
The submitters of these items will find nifty unique versions sitting in their backpacks , so they can show everyone their work .
This is really exciting for us here at Valve .
Starting from our core belief that entertainment products should be services , we 've tried to increase the set of ways our community can impact our games , and the ways in which we can reward you for it .
From the implementation of features requested by players and mapmakers , to unique community items given to valuable community contributors , to the purchasing and shipping of popular maps , to the ARG - style product announcement of Portal 2 , we 've tried to include our players in the ongoing challenge of improving our games and their communities .
This update represents the next step in that process .
The line between developers and players is getting very blurry , and we think that 's a great thing .
The Iberico ham comes with its own DNA certificate
" The world 's most expensive ham " has gone on sale in London , according to retailer Selfridges .
The leg of Iberico ham , which costs £ 1,800 , went on sale at the food hall in the retailer 's flagship store in Oxford Street , central London .
The 7kg ( 15 lb ) ham leg comes with its own DNA certificate as proof of authenticity .
Pig farmer and ham expert Manuel Maldonado selected 50 pigs that were reared in Extremadura in western Spain .
The pigs were fed on a diet of acorns and roots to give the ham a distinctive flavour .
' Gourmet luxury '
After being slaughtered their ham was salted and cured for three years , before going on sale in a hand - made wooden box wrapped in an apron made by a Spanish tailor .
" Connoisseurs will appreciate the melt - in - the - mouth texture of this truly amazing Spanish ham , " said Selfridges fresh food Buyer Andrew Cavanna .
" The leg may seem to have a large price tag but when you think about the amount of care taken from breeding right through to the curing , it is actually amazing value .
" Every single gram will be savoured as one of life 's incredible gourmet luxuries . "
One year ago today Haiti was hit by an earthquake which devastated its already fragile infrastructure .
In the months since the quake we at the datablog have been keeping track of the aid pledged and the uncommitted pledges .
We found a particularly interesting set of data from Relief Web that shows :
the amount of money pledged by each country and each aid agency
the projects that are expecting funds and have received funds
how much of the money pledged has actually got through to the projects intended .
We have used the daily updates of aid pledged to Haiti in a range of displays through the year .
Now we would like to present the whole year of Relief Web data showing the total funding for Haiti since the earthquake .
Obviously throughout the year Haitian 's have faced other problems such as the Cholera outbreak in the latter part of 2010 , and funding addressed at these problems is included in the yearly picture .
The Relief Web site sums up the funding situation from January to December 2010 as : the requested amount of aid was $ 1.5bn and the funding received was $ 1bn , despite receiving pledges for $ 2.8 m .
The funding situation so far for Haiti in 2011 according to Relief Web is that $ 906 m are requested to for aid projects and funding so far has been $ 44 m .
This diagram shows the committed pledges by country and by organsiation for all of 2010 .
The data below shows the pledged and uncommitted pledges for each country , each aid agency and each project that is expecting aid .
Please tell us what you think will add to this data .
• DATA : download the full datasheet
• Get the latest update and spreadsheet from Reliefweb
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Data summary
Haiti Aid by Project Type Showing UN Funding Gap Click heading to sort AREA Year Total resources available $ Unmet requirements $ Covered % per year Uncommitted pledges AGRICULTURE 2011 0 43,087,517 0 0 CAMP COORDINATION AND CAMP MANAGEMENT ( CCCM ) 2011 15,379,294 77,581,497 17 0 CLUSTER NOT YET SPECIFIED 2011 0 0 0 0 COORDINATION AND SUPPORT SERVICES 2011 0 10,235,233 0 1,000,000 EARLY RECOVERY 2011 0 115,114,021 0 0 EDUCATION 2011 0 32,898,882 0 0 FOOD AID 2011 0 101,987,574 0 0 HEALTH 2011 11,189,264 124,458,097 8 0 LOGISTICS
2011 0 24,800,000 0 0 NUTRITION 2011 0 26,665,608 0 0 PROTECTION 2011 0 60,751,529 0 0 SHELTER AND NON - FOOD ITEMS 2011 0 91,835,715 0 0 WATER , SANITATION AND HYGIENE 2011 17,725,163 153,251,812 10 0 AGRICULTURE
2010 31,526,150 27,291,886 54 0 CAMP COORDINATION AND CAMP MANAGEMENT( CCCM )
2010 36,196,220 42,583,240 46 0 CLUSTER NOT SPECIFIED
2010 40,911,267 -40,911,267 0 0 COORDINATION
AND SUPPORT SERVICES 2010 21,998,478 -137,330 101 0 EARLY RECOVERY
2010 53,742,941 86,962,859 38 0 EDUCATION
2010 85,523,861 2,013,011 98 0 EMERGENCY TELECOMMUNICATIONS
2010 782,460 3,651,305 18 0 FOOD AID 2010 353,744,105 132,998,437 73 2,111,614 HEALTH
2010 104,069,888 36,250,291 74 450,000 LOGISTICS
2010 64,629,799 25,214,077 72 0 NUTRITION
2010 46,236,495 1,872,497 96 0 PROTECTION
2010 42,940,134 28,927,598 60 100,000 SHELTER AND NON - FOOD ITEMS 2010 102,276,697 59,986,657 63 220,000 WATER , SANITATION AND HYGIENE 2010 97,216,853 13,722,721 88 0 Grand Total : 1,126,089,069 1,283,093,467 3,881,614
A FORMER Labor politician caught up in electoral fraud allegations was appointed to a key job with the new broadband network following a recommendation by Communications Minister Stephen Conroy .
Queenslander Mike Kaiser was appointed in late November to the $ 450,000 - a- year role as head of government relations and external affairs for NBN Co , the government - owned company set up to build the $ 43 billion broadband network .
The company 's chief executive , Mike Quigley , yesterday told a Senate estimates hearing that Mr Kaiser was personally recommended to him by Senator Conroy , and was appointed without any other candidates being considered .
Mr Kaiser , now 46 , was elected to the Queensland Parliament in 2000 but chose not to recontest his seat a year later after he was identified for allegedly being a part of electoral registration irregularities in 1986 .
Mr Kaiser was never charged over electoral fraud offences , which Senator Conroy yesterday described as ' ' youthful indiscretions ' ' .
Following his time as an MP , Mr Kaiser , an electrical engineering and economics graduate , served as chief of staff to Queensland Premier Anna Bligh and former NSW premier Morris Iemma .
The Flying Lotus / Thom Yorke collaboration will be played exclusively on BBC Radio1 Wednesday at 2 am GMT , according to Maryanne Hobbs .
She posted this on twitter :
word exclusive first play of the brand new @FLYINGLOTUS & THOM YORKE collaboration on the BBC Radio1 show Wednesday 2 am GMT .. spread it
The track is called “ … And the World Laughs With You ” and is part of the upcoming album Cosmogramma by Flying Lotus , who is also supporting Thom and Atoms for Peace on their US tour next month .
Warp will release Cosmogramma in the U.S. on May 4 and a day earlier in the UK .
( thanks to Jon )
Last week , Utah governor Gary Herbert signed into law Utah HB 462 , known ignominiously as " the miscarriage bill " .
It was a reworked version of the original bill , introduced by Republican State Representative Carl D Wimmer , adjusted to address criticisms that the initial language " could have got women sent away for lifelong prison terms for falling down stairs or staying in an abusive relationship " .
The revised version " designates the ' intentional or knowing ' miscarriage as criminal homicide " and " stipulates that a woman can be charged with homicide for ' the death of her unborn child ' , unless the death qualifies as legal abortion " .
Thus are the women of Utah left with a new law that criminalises illegal abortion in a state that increasingly discourages legal abortions .
Utah already requires parental notification and consent for minors seeking abortions , mandates a 24 - hour waiting period to terminate a pregnancy , subjects women seeking abortions to state - directed counselling which overtly discourages abortion , and allows public funding for terminations only in cases of rape , incest , fetal abnormality , or threat to the women 's life or physical health .
( Do n't think you can get away with claiming your psychological health is at risk , ladies !
Everyone knows that women would just lie about that to get an abortion because there 's nothing conceivably traumatising about being forced to carry a pregnancy you do n't want to term . )
As of 2005 , according to the Guttmacher Institute , 93 % of Utah counties had no abortion provider , leaving 25 % of women in the state to travel at least 50 miles , and 8 % to travel more than 100 miles , to get an abortion .
There were six abortion providers in the whole of the state in 2005 , and currently the state has only one licensed abortion clinic .
Utah has become , like many other states , a frontline in the war against legal abortion .
Yes , Roe is still in place , but anti-abortion activists are battling to render it an impotent and largely symbolic statute , hollowed out by state legislation that chips away at abortion rights with " partial - birth abortion bans " and " parental consent laws " and mandatory ( ostensible ) disincentives like " look at your foetus on an ultrasound " .
The Democrats , and the leftwing activists who try to use the spectre of a world without Roe to coerce progressive feminists into line during every election , tend to regard legal abortion like an on - off switch , but it does n't work that way .
Legal abortion is only worth as much as the number of women who have reasonable and affordable and unencumbered access to it , and that number is dwindling : the National Abortion Federation reports that 88 % of counties in the US have no identifiable abortion provider – a figure that rises to 97 % in non-metropolitan areas .
That 's not merely an inconvenience – between travel expenses and time off work , especially when a 24 - hour waiting period necessitates at least two days of one 's time , the cost of securing an abortion can become an undue burden .
It can put legal abortion out of a woman 's reach .
That 's what state legislatures like Utah 's are hoping .
And because even the most publicly mendacious anti-choice activists know that even criminalising abortion does n't stop women from getting them , they know that merely restricting access to legal abortion is n't enough – a woman who does n't want to be pregnant will find a way to not be pregnant .
Thus is their current strategy is to make legal abortion as inaccessible as possible and criminalise everything else .
An abortion performed by someone other than a doctor is ergo illegal .
An abortion performed on a minor without parental consent , or on an adult without state - mandated counselling and a 24 - hour waiting period , is ergo illegal .
An abortion late in the pregnancy is ergo illegal .
Inducing a miscarriage is ergo illegal .
Terminating a pregnancy by any other method than the one which has been most ruthlessly restricted – via piecemeal legislation and the defunding of clinics and the unfettered terrorising of abortion providers – is illegal .
In Utah , women still have a technical legal right to abortion , but very little means to exercise that right .
And now , in pursuit of ensuring that women 's right to abortion is as limited as possible , the state has opened the door to prosecuting women who miscarry after having a drink of caffeinated coffee or a beer or a cigarette , or take a vigorous walk , or miss a prenatal care appointment , or shoot up heroin , or go to spinning class , or any one of a number of things that pregnant women do every day , good and bad , during pregnancies that come to term , if there 's someone who will testify she did it to miscarry ; she was trying to miscarry ; she told me .
In pursuit of ensuring that women 's right to abortion is as limited , the state has conferred personhood on foetuses , and reduced women to incubators .
And watch out if the machinery breaks .
The architects of this legislation insist it was not designed to punish women , but to protect the unborn .
Somehow I do n't find that comforting , coming from the same lot who wo n't properly fund childhood education or support universal healthcare .
Or any other legislation that would make a material difference in the lives of the born .
According to a report in the Virginian - Pilot on May 2 , 1999 , Mobutu granted Robertson diamond mining rights in Zaire in the early 1990’s .
Robertson used the planes owned by his " relief " organization " Operation Blessing " almost exclusively to ferry diamond mining equipment to Zaire according to two pilots who flew for Operation Blessing .
According to an article in The Nation , the Virginia Department of Consumer Affairs conducted a lengthy investigation and called for an indictment in 1999 based on the determination that Robertson , " willfully induced contributions from the public through the use of misleading statements and other implications . "
However , Virginia ’s Attorney General at the time , Republican Mark Early declined to indict Robertson .
Early ’s largest campaign contribution to date -- $ 35,000 — had come from Robertson ’s PAC .
Early claimed that the campaign contribution had nothing to do with his decision not to indict Robertson .
He decided not to indict his friend and campaign contributor , because in addition to ferrying diamond mining equipment , Operation Blessing ’s planes also ferried humanitarian aid and thus Robertson ’s statements about Operation Blessing were not misleading .
Read about it here
In 1999 , Washington Post reported that the " Reverend " Robertson 's joint venture company " Freedom Gold " registered in the Cayman Islands but located in Virginia Beach , Virginia and housed with his " Christian " media empire CBN was granted gold mining and exploration rights by Liberia ’s President , Charles Taylor and he and several cabinet ministers were to receive 15 % of the shares .
Robertson even criticized President George W. Bush on his show , the 700 Club , for calling on Charles Taylor to step down ,
How dare the President of the United States tell a duly elected leader of another country to step down ... we ’re undermining a Christian , Baptist President to bring in Muslim rebels to take over the country
according to a CBS news report .
When CBS challenged him about his comments , Robertson said that his venture , " Freedom Gold " was intended to pay for humanitarian and evangelistic efforts in Liberia and he said that the war crimes indictment was " nonsense and should be quashed " .
Robertson told a reporter for Christianity Today that the bloodbath that Liberia was experiencing was the result of the State Department ’s failure to support Taylor .
He said this of Taylor :
I have never met Taylor in my life .
I do n't know what he has done or has n't done .
I do know he was elected by the people , and he has maintained a relatively stable government in Liberia ; and they observe the rule of law ; they have a working legislature ; they have courts .
And though he may have certain dictatorial powers , so do most leaders in Africa .
Charles Taylor is being tried in The Hague for war crimes and crimes against humanity
Charles Taylor is charged with 11 counts of war crimes , crimes against humanity , and other serious violations of international humanitarian law committed in Sierra Leone from November 30 , 1996 , to January 18 , 2002 .
The Prosecutor alleges that Mr. Taylor is responsible for crimes which include murdering and mutilating civilians , including cutting off their limbs ; using women and girls as sex slaves ; and abducting children adults and forcing them to perform forced labor or become fighters during the conflict in Sierra Leone .
Mr. Taylor has pleaded not guilty .
During the life of the business venture between the " Reverend " Robertson and Charles Taylor , Mr. Taylor according to eyewitness and collaborator testimony engaged in the following :
Count3 : Violence to life , health , and physical or mental well - being of persons , in particular murder .
( War Crime )
Crime Bases :
• Kenema District : May 25 , 1997 to May 19 , 1999 : Kenema and Tongo Fields .
• Kono District : Feb. 1 , 1998 to January 31 , 2000 : Koidu , Tombodu , Koidu Gieya , Koidu Burma , Yengema , Paema or Peyima , Bomboa Fuidu , Bumpe , Njaiama Nimikoro , and Mortema .
• Kailahun : Feb 1 , 1998 to June 30 , 1998 : Kailahun town
• Freetown and Western Area : Dec. 21 , 1998 to Feb. 28 , 1999 : State House , Kissy , Fourah Bay , Upgun , Calaba Town , Allen Town , Tower Hill areas of the city , Hastings , Wellington , Tumbo , Waterloo , and Benguema .
Sexual Violence
Count 4 : Rape. ( Crime Against Humanity )
Count 5 : Sexual Slavery .
( Crime Against Humanity )
Count 6 : Outrages upon personal dignity .
( War Crime )
Crime Bases
• Kono : Feb 1 1998 to Dec. 31 , 1998 : Koidu , Tombodu , Wondedu , Superman Ground , Guinea Highway and PC Ground
• Kailahun District : Nov. 30 , 1996 to Jan. 18 , 2002 : Throughout the district .
• Freetown and the Western Area : Dec. 21 , 1998 to Feb. 28 , 1999 : Throughout Freetown and the Western Area .
Physical Violence
Count 7 : Violence to life , health and physical or mental well - being of persons in particular cruel treatment .
( War Crime )
Count 8 : Other inhumane acts , i.e. widespread acts of physical violence against civilians .
( Crime Against Humanity )
Crime Bases
• Kono District : Feb. 1 , 1998 to Dec. 31 , 1998 : Mutilations / cutting off limbs or marking AFRC / RUF on body parts in Tombodu , Kaima and Wondedu .
• Kailahun District : Nov. 30 , 1996 to Jan. 18 , 2002 : Beat civilians throughout Kailahun district .
• Freetown and Western Area : Dec. 21 , 1998 to Feb. 28 , 1999 : Mutilated , including cutting of limbs and beat civilians at Kissy , around State House , Fourah Bay , Upgun , Kissy Mental Hospital , Hastings , Tombo , Wellington , Waterloo and Benguema .
Child Soldiers
Count 9 : Conscripting and enlisting children under age 15 .
( Other Serious Violation of International Humanitarian Law )
Crime Base
• Throughout Sierra Leone : Nov. 30 1996 to Jan. 18 2002 .
Abductions and Forced Labour
Count 10 : Enslavement .
I.e. , abductions and use of civilians as forced labour .
( Crime Against Humanity )
Crime Bases
• Kenema District : July 1 , 1997 to Feb. 28 , 1998 : Forced labour in Tongo .
• Kono District : Feb. 1 , 1998 to Jan. 18 , 2002 : Abducted civilians and used them as forced labour in AFRC / RUF Camps , Tombodu , Koidu and Wondedu .
• Kailahun District : Nov. 30 , 1996 to Jan. 19 , 2002 : Forced labour throughout Kailahun district
• Freetown and Western Area : Dec. 21 , 1998 to Feb. 28 , 1999 : Forced labour throughout Freetown and the Western Area .
Here is Pat Robertson in all his glory :
• A man whose salary is funded by donations to a " Christian " tax exempt entity which required its African - American employees to enter the premises through the back door and to eat in separate dining areas .
• A man who makes so much money from his association with this " Christian " tax - exempt entity that he can afford to spend over $ 500,000 to buy a race horse and name it Mr. Pat , after himself .
• A man who is so eager to increase his personal wealth that he enters a business venture with a cruel dictator to mine diamonds and uses the planes from his " Christian " aid organization , " Operation Blessing " almost exclusively to carry mining equipment while telling his followers that their contributions will fund relief efforts and not mining for blood diamonds .
• A man who is so eager to increase his personal wealth that he enters another business venture to explore and mine gold with a dictator / terrorist actively engaged in committing crimes against humanity including murder , torture , rape , child slavery , and forcing children to be soldiers to explore for gold .
The joint venture being housed on the same location as the " Christian Broadcasting Network " his tax - exempt entity .
I have one question for the " Reverend " Pat Robertson :
Just who made a pact with the Devil ?
We should support Sir Nicholas Winterton ’s desire to travel first - class at our expense .
Since most of us cannot afford such luxury , it at least means our chances of having to meet him are greatly reduced , thereby avoiding the risk of trauma .
Sir Nick is one of those “ dinosaurs ” that the Tories ’ ambitious education spokesman Michael Gove wrote about the need to get rid of in a secret document , now brought to light .
Mr Gove was worried that the party ’s image was too much of white , middle - class , middle - aged men .
I agree with him .
Perhaps the one who leads them should do his bit to dispel this by stepping aside as soon as possible for one of the many minority candidates with which he has sought to fill his parliamentary party .
BIRMINGHAM , Alabama ( Reuters ) -
Three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville were killed on Friday when a biology professor started shooting during a faculty meeting , police and university officials said .
Three other faculty staff members were wounded in the shooting at the university ’s Shelby Center science and technology building .
Huntsville police and a university spokesman said the suspected shooter , a female faculty member , was arrested , and a man was also detained .
Another university official , who asked not to be named , told Reuters the female suspect arrested was Dr. Amy Bishop , a Harvard University - trained biology professor .
The Huntsville Times published a photograph of the blond - haired suspect , dressed in blue jeans and a gray jersey , being led to a police car by an armed policewoman .
CNN ’s Alabama affiliate said the suspect had been told before the shooting that she was being denied tenure .
“ There was a shooting at the University of Alabama at Huntsville between 4:05 p.m. and 4:15 p.m .
There are three fatalities and three critical injuries and the suspect is in custody .
The campus is in lockdown .
We are working to save these lives , ” Trent Willis , chief of staff and communications for the City of Huntsville , told Reuters .
Huntsville police said all of the dead were faculty members .
“ I heard three shots and screaming , ” Melanie Gates , an engineering student at the campus , told Reuters .
She was near the exit of the Shelby Center when the shootings happened and she said the sound of the shots appeared to come from the third floor , where the faculty meeting was taking place .
There have been a number of deadly school shootings in the United States in recent years , including a rampage at Virginia Tech University in 2007 when a student killed 33 people , including himself .
The main argument trotted out by defenders of giant , super - armed governments is that such states offer vital protection to the peoples they claim to protect .
Thus , according to this argument , the gigantic war machine stationed in Washington D.C. ( or , more accurately , in Afghanistan , Iraq , Cuba , Japan , etc. ) stands as an indispensable bulwark against imminent foreign invasion that keeps the individual people living under its umbrella safe from attack from , inter alia , the German Kaiser , the Japanese , the Germans again , the Soviets , the " terrorists , " Iraq , Iran , etc .
Now , it may be excusable for the egotistical governing class in Washington D.C. to indulge themselves with this twaddle , but for Coloradoans there is no excuse .
Indeed , it only takes a few minuets of historical reminiscence to realize that this is not only false with regard to the state of Colorado , but the very reverse of the truth .
Instead of protecting Coloradoans from vague foreign threats , the federal government of the United States has , from the birth of Colorado to the present , actually made Coloradoans the targets of foreign aggression .
In other words , while the federal government has been piously claiming to protect Coloradoans since the mid-19th century , it has actually done nothing but put them in grave danger .
The history of the federal government ’s wonton endangerment of Coloradoans ’ lives begins with the War Between the States .
( Actually , if we are to be thorough , the federal government ’s disregard for Coloradoans ’ lives begins with the Mexican American War , when the U.S. government assumed responsibility for the " protection " of the people then living in Colorado from Mexico .
In subsequent years , the " protection " afforded to the indigenous Coloradoans turned out to be virtually synonymous with " ethnic cleansing " and " extermination . "
But I digress ) .
When Lincoln decided to invade and lay waste the South in order to " preserve the Union , " Colorado was not yet a state .
But , the population was steadily growing , thanks to the discovery of gold , and especially silver , in the Rocky Mountains in 1859 .
The Real Lincoln : A Ne ... Dilorenzo , Thomas J. Best Price : $ 4.25 Buy New $ 7.48 ( as of 07:05 EST - Details )
It should go without saying that the decision of the Confederate States of America to separate themselves from Lincoln ’s sacred " Union " was not of any direct consequence to the relatively small population of miners , ranchers and farmers then living in Colorado .
Whether or not " Honest " Abe or Jefferson Davis would collect taxes in South Carolina was completely irrelevant to their security or happiness .
But , thanks to Imperial Abe ’s quest to preserve the Union through blood , Coloradoans and the rest of the Western territories were placed in danger of invasion by the CSA .
The invasion never amounted to much of a threat , just as the Japanese attack on Hawaii never presented any real threat to Coloradoans living in the middle of the North American continent , and the ill - equipped Confederates were easily sent scurrying home by a rag - tag group of Denverites .
Nevertheless , the people of Colorado had become targets of Southern anger , resentment , and intended invasion as a direct consequence of Lincoln ’s war of aggression .
The people of the Confederacy and the people of Colorado had no natural animosity toward each other — indeed , few Southerners probably even know what Denver was — and the Confederates would certainly not have attempted an invasion of the Western Territories had Abe been willing to leave them alone .
Thus had Lincoln ’s federal government itself placed Coloradoans in harm ’s way instead of protecting them .
The Politically Incorr ... Thomas E. Woods Jr. Best Price : $ 1.51 Buy New $ 8.71 ( as of 06:15 EST - Details )
With Lincoln ’s invasion complete , and all of the states locked in the federal government ’s iron grip , the situation only got worse .
It only took a few decades before a new President found another way to put Coloradoans in grave danger .
President Wilson decided that the whole world was imperiled by the evil German Kaiser , except that by this time the federal government had become convinced that it was necessary to spill Coloradoans ’ blood in order to defeat the enemy .
For Coloradoans , there was never any question of being invaded or killed by the German Kaiser or any other foreign ruler .
No rulers or people anywhere wanted to invade the United States , let alone Colorado — the whole conflict in Europe was nothing more than a giant internecine squabble within the British royal family .
The lack of a threat to Coloradoans was apparently not relevant to Wilson , however , so he rounded up men of " military age " in Colorado and shipped them off to Europe .
Thus had Woodrow managed to enslave and kill Coloradoans in the name of protecting them .
The whole farce would repeat itself two decades later when a new president decided to enslave and kill Coloradoans in a new European bloodbath .
This time , the president managed to maneuver a former ally , the Japanese , into firing on Pearl Harbor , and he utilized the " attack " as pretext for sending Coloradoans to die on beaches in the Pacific and to Europe to die where their fathers had died .
Again , there was never any question of Germany or Japan invading Colorado .
By the time Roosevelt was shipping Coloradoans off to die , it was clear that the European war to save Poland was going to wind up being a fight to the death between Germany and Russia .
Roosevelt was rather enamored with " Uncle Joe " Stalin , though , so Coloradoans were sent to kill and die to protect the Russians from the Germans .
That it was irrelevant to Coloradoans whether Stalin or Hitler should prevail mattered not .
Coloradoans were put in danger by the federal government and indeed died by the thousands for that purpose — not to protect Colorado .
After successfully defending the Russians from the Germans , the next president decided that we were not such good friends after all , and he decided to drop two nuclear weapons on Japanese civilians in order to tell the Russians so .
The message was duly noted by the Russians , and the Cold War was on , with both sides scrambling to acquire killing capacities greater than the other .
Part of this strategy involved constructing a nuclear trigger factory just outside of Denver and the United States Air Force Academy and the NORAD facility in Colorado Springs .
The federal government claimed that these installations were necessary to " protect " all Americans from the Russians , but the effect on Colorado was to make it one of the major targets of nuclear attack by the Russians .
It is perhaps unnecessary to note that the word " protection " has lost all meaning if it means making a people direct targets of nuclear annihilation .
All the more so , since nuclear warfare between Russia and the United States was all but a foregone conclusion until John Kennedy became president .
Colorado was almost vaporized in the name of " protecting " it .
The next phase in the Cold War involved sending Coloradoans off to die in Korea and Vietnam .
The Koreans had never threatened Coloradoans , and neither had the Vietnamese , but that was irrelevant .
Coloradoans were again rounded up and shipped off to kill and die in the Pacific in the name of " protecting " them .
The " conflicts " were so pointless to American security and protection that both were fought to a standstill without any change whatsoever to the status quo — except that more Coloradoans were dead and wounded .
When the Cold War finally came to an end in 1989 , it looked as though Coloradoans might finally get a reprieve from dying in other countries in the name of " protecting " themselves .
Such was not to be , however , and the new administration conjured up a new " security threat " for Coloradoans to fight — this time in the desert .
Like every other episode , the mustachioed man in the desert posed absolutely no threat to the people living in Vail and Boulder , but that was once again determined to be irrelevant .
Coloradoans were sent off to protect one crooked Arab government from another , regardless of whether either of them had the intention or capacity to attack Denver .
The war in the desert and subsequent sanctions changed virtually nothing , except that over a million people were now dead , including Coloradoans .
Nor had the war or the federal government ’s policies done anything to change the main irritant in the Middle East : Israeli apartheid .
If anything , things were worse now that Americans , including Coloradoans , were standing on Muslim holy ground .
So , having provoked , attacked , undermined and humiliated virtually all of Israel ’s neighbors , a handful of them decided to attack America .
Coloradoans were once again made the target of violence and attack , thanks to the federal government ’s foreign policy regarding Israel and the rest of the Middle East .
In response to this developing threat , the federal government sent more Coloradoans off to die on foreign soil …
Enough time has passed , and enough Coloradoan blood has been spilled on foreign soil , for Coloradoans to realize that the federal government has not , and never will , protect Colorado from foreign threats .
For , the tragic history of the relationship between Coloradoans and the federal government reveals no foreign threats to Colorado except those provoked or imagined by the federal government .
The historical record reveals , in other words , a federal government that is itself bathed in the blood of Coloradoans .
The time has come for Coloradoans to tell the federal government to go to hell if it thinks it is going to send more Coloradoans off to die in the name of " protecting " them .
The time has come for Coloradoans to secede from the bloodthirsty federal government in order to defend their very lives from their supposed " protector . "
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
Knowing how to give a good compliment is one of the most important social skills you need to thrive in our society .
Knowing how to accept a compliment is equally important .
However , there are people who just can't seem to take a compliment .
They become uncomfortable or withdrawn , or deflect the praise altogether .
There are reasons that someone may behave this way , and by digging a little deeper you can help someone you care for learn to accept a compliment .
' Doomsday Clock ' Moves Away From Midnight but Only by 1 Minute Scientists move symbolic clock from five to six minutes from midnight .
Jan. 14 , 2010  --
The world can breathe a sigh of relief today ... kind of .
A group of international scientists this morning announced that they are moving the hands of the symbolic " Doomsday Clock " away from midnight -- or the figurative apocalypse -- but only by one minute .
The clock , which is maintained by the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , was designed to reflect how close civilization is to " catastrophic destruction . "
First set at seven minutes to midnight , the clock has been moved only 18 times since its creation in 1947 .
The group , which includes more than a dozen Nobel laureates , last moved the hands of the clock in 2007 , from seven to five minutes before midnight to reflect the threat of a " second nuclear age " and the challenges presented by global warming .
Today , at a press conference in New York , the Bulletin announced that despite the looming threats of nuclear weapons and climate change , it would move the hands of the clock from five to six minutes before midnight .
Scientists : World Facing ' Hopeful ' State of Affairs
" By shifting the hand back from midnight by only one additional minute , we emphasize how much needs to be accomplished , while at the same time recognizing signs of collaboration among the United States , Russia , the European Union , India , China , Brazil , and others on nuclear security and on climate stabilization , " the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists said in a statement .
Citing collaborative efforts by world leaders to reduce nuclear arsenals , secure nuclear bomb - making materials and pledge to limit greenhouse gas emissions , the group said the world was facing a " hopeful " state of affairs .
The Bulletin also said that the election of President Barack Obama , along with his efforts to initiate arms reduction talks with Russia and negotiations with Iran to close its nuclear enrichment program , affected its decision .
" We are poised to bend the arc of human history , " said Lawrence M. Krauss , co-chair of the Bulletin 's Board of Sponsors and a professor at Arizona State University 's School of Earth and Space Exploration and its physics department .
Still , Krauss said the Bulletin chose one minute to highlight the precariousness of the current global situation .
" What that means is that there 's great potential for it to move in either direction depending on what happens , " he said , adding that while there 's been a " sea change " in attitude and the expansion of possibilities , there still has n't been a lot of action .
" That 's hopeful enough to move it but just by a little bit , " he said .
Public Invited to Watch Announcement at TurnBacktheClock.org
For the first time , the public was invited to take part in the Bulletin 's announcement as the group streamed live video of the event online at TurnBacktheClock.org .
Kennette Benedict , the executive director and publisher of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , said that Web site was launched " to allow citizens around the world a means by which to get involved and inspire leaders to take action . "
Global Threats Now Include Climate Change and Biological Weapons
Founded by a group of scientists who worked in the Manhattan Project , the Bulletin of Atomic Scientist initially created the Doomsday Clock to convey the world 's vulnerability to nuclear catastrophe .
But over the years , the clock has come to reflect the threats posed by climate change , nuclear terrorism and biological weapons .
Though the matrix of threats has shifted since the clock 's inception , security experts say it still maintains its significance .
" I think that the context has dramatically changed since the end of the Cold War .
Everyone lived in a certain level of apprehension .
...
The nuclear confrontation was salient and palpable , " said Bruce Blair , president of the Washington , D.C. - based think tank World Security Institute .
" The clock was a shorthand summary of where we stood . "
The prospect of nuclear war with Russia is no longer front and center , he said , but other threats have emerged and deserve attention .
Nuclear stalemates with North Korea and Iran and the recent failure to secure an international accord at the climate conference in Copenhagen are three of the greatest threats facing the world right now , he said .
Science Historian : Clock Is Reminder of Changing Times
Spencer Weart , a science historian and former director of the Center for History of Physics at the American Institute of Physics in College Park , Md. , said that at this point the clock , in some ways , serves as a reminder of how times have changed .
" The whole end - of - the - world idea , which was so important during the hay day of the Doomsday Clock , has kind of retreated back into the realm of religious apocalypses , " he said .
Younger generations , those not politically conscious until the 1990s , see it as the stuff of old movies , he said , and can't relate to the feeling that " at any moment , literally any moment , we might be gone . "
Clock Can Bring Urgency to Distant Threats
Though immediate threats to civilization may not be at the top of most people 's minds , he said that the clock helps bring a sense of urgency to the threats now facing humanity .
For example , he said , the destruction wrought by climate change will happen gradually , not overnight , but every minute that passes puts us further behind .
" It 's an attempt to make us realize that although the threat may be distant the need to do something about is now , " he said . "
Just a quick note to say that I ’ve just uploaded a new package , multiset - comb , to Hackage .
It primarily has functions for generating all the distinct permutations and partitions of a multiset ( a set where elements are allowed to occur multiple times ) .
Efficiently generating distinct permutations and partitions of a multiset is nontrivial ( generating all partitions and permutations as if all the elements were distinct , and then discarding duplicate results , is hopelessly inefficient ) .
The permutations code is new ; the partitions code is a slight generalization of the code from my article in Issue 8 of the Monad .
Reader .
I put this code together primarily because I need it for my combinatorial species library ( look for a new release of that soon ! ) , but it ’s fairly independent , and I thought others might find it useful , so I ’m releasing it as a separate library .
Share this : Email
Print
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
More
Tumblr
Related
In a crucial week of high wire politics , Barack Obama is seeking to transform his top priority health care plan , now a liability for his presidency , into a trump card to outwit Republicans .
But ahead of the president ’s bipartisan health “ summit ” on Thursday , Republicans also think they may have a winning hand , after building their resurgence on blanket opposition to the plan and Obama ’s wider agenda .
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House said it would release details of the plan on its website Monday .
Thursday ’s live , televised meeting at Blair House , across the street from the White House , may represent Obama ’s last chance to pass the plan , which has ground to a halt in Congress with painful consequences for his political authority .
The talks may also dictate battle lines for mid-term congressional elections in November , and have deep implications for Obama ’s slowed presidency .
“ I do n’t want to see this meeting turn into political theater , with each side simply reciting talking points and trying to score political points , ” the president said in his weekly radio and web video address Saturday .
“ Instead , I ask members of both parties to seek common ground in an effort to solve a problem that ’s been with us for generations . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama may benefit politically whichever way the meeting turns out , a factor that has some Republicans smelling a trap .
If his foes compromise on radically different versions of health care , the president will likely get the credit , and finally get his signature reform through Congress .
But if they simply block him , Obama can say Republicans thwarted the bipartisanship voters across party lines tell pollsters they want to see .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It creates an opportunity for the president to demonstrate that the Republicans do have an obstruction strategy , ” said Bruce Buchanan , a political science professor at the University of Texas .
It will be a significant moment when Obama finally takes ownership of the health reform legislation , as pundits have criticized him for so far allowing Democratic lawmakers to dictate the content of his plan .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What the president is trying to do with the February 25 meeting is to reframe the issue , to show that he is working across party lines , ” said Steven Smith , a professor at Washington University , St Louis .
Obama threw down the gauntlet to his foes at a town hall meeting Friday in Las Vegas .
“ The Republicans say they have got a better way of doing it .
I want them to put it on the table …
Show me what you got . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Republican leadership has so far only sketched broad legislation on health care and faces claims by Democrats that their version would leave tens of millions of people uninsured , a point Obama will likely make at the Blair House meeting .
And the president ’s decision to plow ahead with the stalled health reform agenda was derided as “ arrogant . ”
“ The American people do not want this bill to pass .
And it strikes me as rather arrogant to say , ‘ Well , we ’re going to give it to you anyway , ” McConnell told the Fox News Sunday program .
Polls show that health reform is not the top concern of most Americans , in the aftermath of the economic crisis with unemployment close to 10 percent .
ADVERTISEMENT
A Washington Post / ABC
News poll this month found that 43 percent of those asked approve of Obama ’s handling of health care , while 53 percent disapprove .
Months of wrangling on the bill in Congress , and the inability of the Democratic Party to pass it , have further soured the public .
Yet Obama is doubling down , apparently sensing the fate of his wider agenda may rest on the outcome of the health care battle .
He has also warned wavering Democrats that their core supporters will be demoralized by mid-term elections in November if their congressional majorities do not produce results .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans gained the power to thwart Obama ’s plans indefinitely last month by capturing a Massachusetts Senate seat to break the Democratic Party ’s 60 seat filibuster - proof majority .
They are now calling on the White House to shelve a bid to pass the health care legislation through “ reconciliation , ” a process used for budget and deficit bills that requires only 50 votes .
If you 've still been loyally checking this site then we commend you , as there has n't been a new update in a while .
We 've not deserted you entirely , we 've just restructed and moved things around a bit .
The news side of things have moved over to a new gaming site called Gamesta .
You 'll want to be sure and bookmark the Halo 4 section over on the site to get updates and info about that game as they come out .
Additionally , there is a new Halo 4 forum ( click for the link ! ) for you to join up in .
The community is quickly building over there and we 're hoping it will grow into the biggest Halo 4 community on the web .
Lastly , if Call of Duty is more your thing , be sure to check out the Black Ops 2 Forum .
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is also called liquidation bankruptcy .
If you pass the means test , you can get Chapter 7 bankruptcy relief , regardless of how much your debt is .
A Framingham bankruptcy attorney can help you determine whether you pass the means test and , if so , whether Chapter 7 is the right strategy for you .
In Chapter 7 , most often a debtor ’s assets are exempt from creditors and the debtor keeps all of their assets .
In rare cases some of the debtor ’s assets may be used to pay off creditors .
The process usually lasts only a matter of months , and debts are discharged .
To qualify for Chapter 7 , a debtor must have received credit counseling from an approved credit counseling agency in the 180 days before filing for bankruptcy .
Chapter 13 bankruptcy allows debtors who do not pass the means test , and who want to keep their assets , to obtain a discharge by developing and following a debt repayment plan .
It begins with filing a petition with the bankruptcy court , along with a schedule of assets and liabilities , a schedule of expenditures and income , a schedule of executory contracts and unexpired leases , and a statement of financial affairs .
A bankruptcy attorney in the Framingham area can make sure that all of the paperwork is properly filed .
You need to propose a repayment plan to make regular payments to creditors for 3 - 5 years , and the plan must be approved by a bankruptcy trustee .
Chapter 13 also allows , and is most commonly used , so that debtor ’s can catch up on past due mortgage payments in the plan of repayment and keep their homes .
Once a bankruptcy petition is filed , an automatic stay goes into effect .
Creditors are not allowed to keep attempting to collect debts .
Filing for Chapter 13 bankruptcy may mean that you do not need to give up your property , and there are certain tools , such as lien stripping , that can be used to save your property .
Non-judicial foreclosure is the main method of foreclosure that lenders use .
In this type of foreclosure , there is not a formal court action , but there are strict notice requirements .
When a lender does not comply with notice requirements , you may be able to challenge the foreclosure in court .
You also may be able to work out an alternative to the foreclosure that allows you to keep your home or avoid severe damage to your credit .
Depending on the situation , a Framingham bankruptcy lawyer might help a homeowner pursue a loan modification or a short sale , file for bankruptcy , obtain an extension , contest a foreclosure , or argue that they are a victim of predatory lending .
Family law matters can be highly sensitive , and the risks and benefits of each course of action in these matters must be analyzed on an individual , case by case basis .
Mr. Denaro handles divorces , visitation , child support , child custody , property division , pre-nuptial agreements , and paternity matters .
He also handles modifications of existing divorce judgments .
At our firm , we make an effort to weigh the likelihood of success against the costs and expenses associated with the action .
This allows clients to make informed decisions about whether to pursue a certain course of conduct .
To file for a divorce in Massachusetts , either spouse must have been a resident of Massachusetts if the cause of the divorce occurred in Massachusetts .
By contrast , if the cause of the divorce happened outside Massachusetts , one of the spouses needs to have been living in Massachusetts for a year before filing for a divorce .
Divorces can be contested or uncontested .
In an uncontested divorce , the spouses agree on the key divorce terms , such as how property should be divided , child custody and visitation , child support , tax deductions , and alimony .
When the spouses disagree about any issue , they need to go through a contested divorce .
In a contested divorce , however , the spouses can negotiate an agreement at any time before the judge issues a final order after a trial .
A court makes decisions about child custody based on the best interests of the child .
There are two components of custody in Massachusetts : physical custody and legal custody .
Legal custody involves the ability to make decisions about a child ’s religious upbringing , medical care , education , and extracurricular activities .
Joint physical custody is an arrangement whereby the parents share equal or almost equal parenting time .
In Massachusetts , joint custody is usually accomplished when the parents agree to it and are able to show the court that it is in the child ’s best interest .
Sole custody occurs when all of the custodial rights belong to one parent .
In the past several years it has become more customary for the parenting time to be split equally between the parents .
In Massachusetts , both parents owe a duty to support their child , but usually a noncustodial parent makes child support payments to a custodial parent .
Child support is calculated by using the Child Support Guidelines .
Parents may agree to pay more than the guideline amount with the approval of the court , but they usually cannot pay less .
The court is permitted to deviate from the guidelines if it is found to be in the child ’s best interest .
Once a child support order has been in place , you may be able to obtain a modification if there has been a substantial change in circumstances , such as when there is an inconsistency between how much a parent pays and the amount that would result from the guidelines .
We handle business law matters , including formation , counseling , and representation .
Often , the structure chosen for a business has a strong impact on how the business grows in the future .
Specific legal formalities need to be completed to structure a business .
At our firm , these are usually handled on a fixed fee basis , so there are no surprises associated with starting the business with the appropriate degree of protection .
Once the business is formed , we can counsel and represent you in connection with purchases and sales , disputes , real estate transactions , contract review and drafting , property and equipment purchases and leasing , annual compliance to keep corporate protection , and corporate dissolution if needed .
Businesses can be structured in different ways .
In Massachusetts , a business can be structured as a sole proprietorship , a partnership , a joint venture , a limited partnership , a limited liability partnership , a limited liability company , or a corporation .
Certain structures require fulfilling legal formalities to get certain benefits in terms of liability and taxation .
For example , forming an LLC requires fewer steps than does forming a corporation .
An LLC is formed when a Certificate of Organization is filed in the Corporations Division , or when it is filed by a date set forth in the Certificate .
However the LLC still must comply with the rules and comply with the annual requirements of the corporations division of the Secretary of States Office to maintain the protection of the LLC .
Whether you are filing for bankruptcy , pursuing a divorce , or trying to establish and grow a business , you should consult a tenacious and skillful attorney .
Victor A. Denaro represents clients throughout Middlesex , Norfolk , and Worcester Counties .
Call us at ( 508 ) 620-5320 or complete our online form if you need a bankruptcy lawyer in the Framingham area or assistance with a family law or business law matter .
This past week , several users reported visiting Facebook , and , well , seeing the wrong face .
Without any action on their part , a number of AT&T smartphone users found themselves logged into the popular social networking site under user accounts other than their own .
The problem was quickly attributed to " misrouting , " a term that suggests that information took a wrong turn somewhere in the network .
It 's not completely impossible for individual packets flying across the network to be misdelivered — although there are multiple checksums protecting against that — but misdelivered packets will be uninvited guests at the destination computer , and thus thrown away .
What apparently happened here was an unfortunate interaction of some kind between Facebook 's user authentication system and the way AT&T runs its mobile data network .
The Web actually has a fairly robust system for user authentication , but nobody uses it .
With standard Web authentication , the server " challenges " the client , and the client responds to the cryptographic challenge based on a shared password .
If the response to the challenge is incorrect , the user sees an error page .
Such a system is robust and secure , but it's also not very user - friendly , because browsers throw a big username / password requester on the screen before the site loads .
To avoid this , 99 percent of all sites implement user authentication themselves .
There are two problems with this .
First , putting a password in a normal text box means it 's transmitted in the clear .
To avoid this , it 's necessary to use an encrypted HTTPS session , at least to transmit the password .
Some sites do this , others simply send it in the clear where it can be intercepted relatively easily , especially — but not exclusively — on unencrypted Wi -Fi networks , such as Wi-Fi hotspots .
The second problem with home - grown user authentication is that it really only secures a single page .
If the user later loads the page again , or loads another page , she would have to type the password again to really be secure .
The solution to this problem is for the server to store some information in the form of a " cookie " on the user 's system .
Cookies for a certain site are automatically transmitted along with every HTTP request made to that site , so the server can recognize the user by the information in the cookie .
So far so good .
( Ignoring the fact that cookies can also easily be intercepted if sessions are unencrypted . )
When mobile phones first gained the ability to access the Web , a lot of work was done to optimize the experience on slow , memory - starved devices with a slow connection .
Much of that magic involves Web proxies .
One way for this particular Facebook user authentication issue to come up on AT&T 's mobile network would be if there is a caching proxy in between the server and the user that does n't pay attention to cookies .
So if user A with cookie X visits Facebook , the proxy caches the page user A gets .
Then , when user B comes along with cookie Y , the proxy simply sends the cached page to user B , which is of course the page that only user A is supposed to see .
Another possibility is that AT&T uses proxy cookies .
WAP , a protocol that was used to create a Web - like experience for phones not capable enough to show the real Web , does n't support cookies .
This makes life hard , so proxies that let WAP clients talk to Web servers often implement " proxy cookies , " where the proxy stores the cookies on behalf of the client .
However , in that case it 's essential that the proxy knows which user it 's proxying for at any given moment , otherwise it sends the wrong cookie to the server and the user is logged in as someone else .
So it looks like AT&T did something wrong — even though I would n't call it a " routing " problem — and the company is in the process of fixing things .
But Facebook also shares some blame for this situation .
Apparently Facebook , like many other sites , does n't think the information tied to a user 's account is important enough to protect with something stronger than a clear text cookie .
Encrypting all sessions would solve these problems : passwords and cookies can't be intercepted and proxies can't get to the data .
Personally , I like the way Amazon handles this situation .
When I arrive at Amazon.com , they recognize me and spam their recommendations at me , but when I actually want to order something I 'm redirected to the encrypted site and I have to type my password .
Also , Amazon explicitly recognizes that it may have mis-recognized me and offers a link to solve the problem .
Further reading :
It ’s deeply satisfying when the stream fusion optimization kicks in , in GHC Haskell .
It is a powerful illustration of how the absence of side effects makes the compiler ’s job so much easier , and lets it be far more aggressive .
Here ’s a little example to show the real expressive power that we get when we have representation - changing optimizations like fusion to rely on .
A simple example showing how good GHC is doing at this kind of stuff , these days : add a sequence of numbers .
I ’ve kept it super minimal so you can mentally compute each transformation to see GHC at work .
( Of course there are lots of other ways to write trivial computations like this , but anything more substantial will make the assembly much harder to follow .
So for teaching purposes , we ’ll keep the source problem simple .
Now , you can also use any of the 100 + other functions that fuse to construct all sorts of interesting programs with no closed form solution .
Get at it ! ) .
We begin with a pipeline of multiple recursive functions , brought together with function composition .
As high level as it gets , and any junior Haskell program should be able to write stuff like this :
﻿﻿﻿﻿import qualified Data .
Vector as U main = print .
U.sum $ U.enumFromTo 1 ( 100000000 :: Int )
Now , semantically , there is an intermediate 100 million element array being created by enumFromTo .
Try doing that in your favorite strict language .
However …
… fusion kicks in , and GHC turns our program , via the source - to - source optimization phase , into a single tail recursive function , using unboxed values only .. with no intermediate array !
No heap allocaiton , no stack , only one loop .
A different algorithm !
loop :: Int# -> Int# ->
Int# loop x y = case y <= 100000000 of False -> x True -> loop ( x + y ) ( y + 1 )
The compiler reordered our computations pretty wildly , and it can do this because there are no side effects by default — making large scale transformations like this far more feasible .
I used ghc 6.13 with the llvm patches , and ghc - Odph - fllvm –make A.hs
The programmer did n’t have to think about recursion at all in the original program , let alone manual unboxing .
Thanks GHC !
And now this tail recursive function gets compiled into an imperative loop via the codeGen phase .
First , with the native code backend to GHC :
loop : . Lc216 : cmpq $ 10000000 , %rsi jle .
Lc219 movq %r14 , %rbx movq ( %rbp ) , %rax jmp *( %rax ) .
Lc219 : addq %rsi , %r14 incq %rsi jmp loop
And again , with the LLVM backend to GHC :
loop : leaq 1 ( %rsi ) , %rax addq %rsi , %r14 cmpq $ 10000001 , %rax jge .
LBB1_5 addq $ 2 , %rsi addq %rax , %r14 test : # %tailrecurse cmpq $ 10000001 , %rsi jl loop
And that ’s it .
Our kernel code is as low level and un-functional as you get , but our input program was the most classic of high level approaches : a pipeline of functions held together with composition , with intermediate data structures all over the place .
And it performs !
With - fasm : mean : 92.9 ms :
With - fllvm : mean : ﻿ 79.3ms ( 15 % improvement with - fllvm ) :
Maybe our compiler is — sometimes — sufficiently smart .
To me , the fusion optimization is the epitome of what functional programming is about .
I can write code at a very high level , throwing functions and composition around like candy , and the compiler will make stunning , complexity - changing transformations on my code , so it just runs damn fast .
Can your language — functional or otherwise — do this ?
[ Physics FAQ ] - [ Copyright ]
Updated by Michael Weiss 2017 .
Original by Michael Weiss .
The Rotating Disk in Relativity
Two questions arose in the first few decades after the birth of relativity : ( a ) What would a rotating disk look like , particularly a rigid disk ?
( b) What is a good set of spacetime coordinates for life on a rotating platform ?
In other words , we can enquire into the physics of a rotating physical disk , and we can do likewise for systems of rotating coordinates .
This page is about an actual disk .
( To spoil the surprise : there is no such beast as a rigid disk in relativity , but some related concepts do make sense and can illuminate the theory . )
Rotating coordinates have increased in importance in the era of GPS ; the page Rotating Coordinates in Relativity addresses that topic .
The two topics have less to do with other than you might guess , although of course they are related .
Born rigidity
As special relativity started to filter through the physics community in the early 1900s , people realized the need to re-examine all the traditional concepts of Newtonian mechanics .
Idealized rigid bodies pervade elementary mechanics .
In 1909 , Max Born took a fresh look at the idea of rigidity .
Born proposed a Lorentz - invariant definition of a " rigid body " .
Pauli's monograph [ 1 ] gives a nice summary of Born 's idea , and the responses it drew from Ehrenfest , Herglotz , Noether , and von Laue .
( Pais 's Einstein bio suggests that Born 's 1909 paper may have helped set Einstein on the road to Riemannian geometry [ 2 ] . )
We know already that rigidity and SR do n't mix — just think of the barn and the pole !
How could a physicist like Born , mathematically sophisticated , have made such an elementary error ?
A simple remark by Pauli clarifies things considerably :
If thus the concept of a RIGID BODY has no place in relativistic mechanics , it is nevertheless useful and natural to introduce the concept of a RIGID MOTION of a body .
We shall denote those motions as rigid for which Born 's condition ( *) [ see below ] is satisfied .
Born thought he was defining a rigid body , but Pauli 's rephrasing saves the mathematics while improving the physics .
We have no rigid rods in SR , but if you accelerate every atom of an ordinary rod in just the right way , you can move the rod rigidly .
( In fact , this was realized shortly after Ehrenfest 's paper ( see below ) by a number of physicists . )
And Born 's definition is Lorentz invariant .
I wo n't plunge right into Born 's definition ( as Pauli does ) .
Instead I 'll approach it by thinking atomistically .
Imagine our solid as made up of a large number of atoms A 1 , ... , A n .
Between any two nearby atoms A i and A j there is a " natural distance " d ij , natural in the sense that if A i and A j are pushed together or pulled apart , stresses result , trying to restore the distance d ij .
Of course there are propagation delays , but if we start with the solid at rest in some inertial frame , and accelerate it gently , the resulting elastic waves in the solid should die out pretty quickly .
( To use the right jargon , we wait until the transients have subsided . )
Or we can pretend that exactly the right force is applied to each atom at all times , so that natural distances are preserved .
Let the number of atoms tend to infinity ( continuum approximation ) , let the stress / strain ratio tend to infinity , and apply forces gently enough so that the elastic waves can be ignored .
In such a case we arrive at Born 's definition .
Born used coordinates , but I 'll try for a coordinate - free rephrasing .
First , what is a solid ?
Is it just a swath in spacetime ?
This is not enough : the atomistic viewpoint suggests we should be able to " mark " a point inside the solid ( call it a particle ) and follow its world line .
An " event " , as usual , is a point in spacetime .
The events along a particle 's world line are parametrized by τ , the time on that particle 's clock .
(*)
Pick a particle ( call it A ) in the solid .
Pick an event p at time τ on the world line of A .
Draw the spatial plane orthogonal to the world line at p ( i.e. , the plane of simultaneity at that event ) .
Now pick another particle B .
The plane of simultaneity intersects the world lines of these two particles A and B at two events ; let s(τ , A , B ) be the interval between these two events .
Suppose that for any A and B infinitesimally close to one another , ds ( τ ) / dτ = 0 for all τ .
Then we say the body MOVES RIGIDLY .
If you do n't like the notion of " infinitesimally close " , there are ways to get around it , but I wo n't go into that .
( The basic idea is that we are using particle world lines to transport the metric from one tangent plane to another . )
OK , now what ?
First , it should be pretty clear that Born 's definition captures the idea that the body moves without internal stresses .
Or if you prefer , you can say that we have nearly rigid motion when Young 's modulus is large enough , and the accelerations are gentle enough , so that infinitesimal pieces of the body are barely deformed , when viewed in the momentarily comoving inertial frame of reference ( see below for the definition of this ) .
Born rigidity is then the limiting case .
If we accelerate a rod rigidly in the longitudinal direction , then the rod suffers the usual Lorentz contraction ( in the original rest frame ) .
More generally , rigid motion without any twisting corresponds to so - called Fermi–Walker transport ( see [ 3 , page 170 ] ) .
The acceleration of the front of the rod is less than the acceleration of the rear ; this is a variation on Bell 's Spaceship Paradox ( see [ 4 ] and the Relativity FAQ entry . )
In a two - page note in 1909 , Paul Ehrenfest noted that a disk cannot be brought from rest into a state of rotation without violating Born 's condition .
Integrating τ out of Born 's condition , we see that infinitesimally close particles must keep the same proper distance .
So in the original rest frame , they suffer Lorentz contraction in the transverse direction but none in the radial direction .
The circumference contracts but the radius does n't .
But in the original rest frame , the circumference is a circle , sitting in a spatial slice ( t = constant ) of ordinary flat Minkowski spacetime .
In other words , we would have a " non-euclidean circle " sitting in ordinary euclidean space .
This is a contradiction .
I emphasize that Ehrenfest 's argument is a proof by contradiction .
We assume it is possible to " spin up " the disk , maintaining Born rigidity all the time .
We conclude that we have a non-euclidean circle sitting in ordinary euclidean space .
Contradiction , QED !
The argument does not say that a spinning disk actually has a circumference less than 2πr .
Nor does it say that it is impossible to spin up a stationary disk , just that this can't be done without violating Born rigidity at some point .
Once the disk has been spun up , it can keep spinning merrily along , Born - rigidly , forever .
Ehrenfest 's argument involves making a complete circuit about the center .
The argument also has a local version .
Say we have a ball bearing a light - year from the Sun .
We can not put the ball bearing in orbit around the Sun , keeping one face to the Sun , without violating Born 's condition .
The proof is not hard , but I 'll omit the details .
The key point : the Lorentz contraction factor is not uniform throughout the ball , because some particles have a larger radial distance from the Sun than others .
The assumption of Born rigidity implies that , once in motion , all tangential distances will be Lorentz - contracted as measured in the original rest frame , while the radial distances will be unaffected .
This is enough to give us a little " pocket of non-euclideaness " sitting in ordinary euclidean space .
Pauli states : " It was further proved , independently , by Herglotz and Noether that a rigid body in the Born sense has only three degrees of freedom ...
Apart from exceptional cases , the motion of the body is completely determined when the motion of a single of its points is prescribed . "
I have n't looked up the papers by Herglotz and Noether , but I dare say it 's similar to the argument above .
Max von Laue pointed out that a body made up of n point particles must have at least 3n degrees of freedom .
Say we give an impulse to each particle at t = 0 .
Because of the finite speed of light , there can be no constraints relating the velocities of different particles .
Rigid motion can occur in SR only through a conspiracy of forces .
So much for the rotating rigid disk in SR .
Einstein 's argument
OK , let 's say we start with a disk at rest .
We spin it up ( not Born- rigidly ) .
Once it 's spinning nicely and all temporary distortions have had time to settle down ( transients have died out ) , what can we say about it ?
Einstein started looking at this in 1909 ; a letter from 1910 shows he was familiar with Herglotz 's results .
Some context : Einstein had a research program based on the Principle of General Relativity : " All reference frames are equally valid . "
His famous elevator argument had already paid dividends in his Principle of Equivalence , which resulted in his discoveries of gravitational time dilation and his first ( incorrect ) computation of the bending of light .
The elevator argument dealt with a linearly accelerated frame ; naturally , he turned next to uniform circular motion .
By the Equivalence Principle , this should be the same as a stationary frame plus some kind of " gravitational field " .
Einstein asked , what would life be like to inhabitants of the rotating disk ?
As a side note , most experts today regard the Principle of General Relativity as formally vacuous : any law of physics can be expressed in any reference frame if you 're willing to add in " fudge forces " .
The history of science has shown , time and time again , that guiding ideas do n't have to stand up to strict logical scrutiny in order to prove fruitful .
Einstein 's famous 1916 paper on GR [ 5 ] makes no mention of elevators ; instead , he introduces the Equivalence Principle via the rotating disk .
The issue continued to absorb him and probably played a decisive role on his road to general relativity [ 6,7,8 ] .
Einstein 's argument for the rotating disk covers similar ground to Ehrenfest 's , but with different conclusions .
First , Einstein asserts that the circumference of the rotating disk will be greater than 2πr .
Second , the non-euclidean geometry does not faze him ; instead , he invokes the Equivalence Principle to conclude that the geometry of a gravitational field will also be non-euclidean .
Can we make any sense of Einstein 's argument ?
It takes some unpacking .
His description in the 1916 paper could have been clearer ; he did better in a letter in 1919 [ 10 , page 289 ] .
Imagine an army of observers spread out across the disk ( " disk observers " ) .
Each is equipped with a meter stick .
Crucial assumption : the dimensions of the sticks are unaffected by the acceleration .
To make this precise , we need the notion of a momentarily comoving inertial observer ( or frame ) .
That 's an observer at rest in an inertial ( i.e. , unaccelerated ) frame , who matches velocity with a disk observer for an instant .
Speaking in spacetime diagrams , this inertial observer 's worldline is a straight line tangent to the disk observer 's worldline .
Our crucial assumption is that the momentarily comoving observer agrees that the disk guy's " meter stick " is really a meter long .
Now , any real meter stick would be at least a little bit affected by acceleration .
But we can idealize .
If you make your stick out of rubber , well , that 's bad .
The stiffer the material , the better the stick .
Or we can use more abstract sticks , say , 1,650,763.73 wavelengths of the orange - red emission line of the krypton - 86 atom in a vacuum , as was the SI standard between 1960 and 1982 .
Anyway , say the momentarily comoving observer deems the stick to be a true meter long .
If the stick is radial , the folks in the original rest frame agree : Lorentz contraction does n't affect transverse motion .
If the stick is tangential to the circumference , the rest frame observers say it 's Lorentz contracted .
So more of them would fit around the rim !
Just to be concrete , let 's say the contraction factor is 1/3 ; then the disk observers will measure a radius r and a circumference 6πr .
That 's Einstein 's argument for a non-euclidean geometry .
It 's worth mentioning two things right off the bat .
First , in the original rest frame , the geometry of the disk remains euclidean .
According to rest frame observers , the spinning disk occupies a perfectly normal cylindrical volume .
If you like , picture the disk as enclosed in a snug - fitting , motionless , but infinitely slippery case ( zero friction ) .
The geometry of the case is , of course , euclidean .
Second , Grøn [ 10 , page 288 ] has given a pithy summation of the difference between Ehrenfest 's and Einstein 's arguments :
Ehrenfest considered a hypothetical , but impossible situation where a disc had been put into rotational motion in a Born - rigid way , while Einstein considered a situation in which the disk had been put into rotation in an arbitrary way , but the measuring rods were required to be Born rigid .
People raised ( and occasionally still raise ) various objections to Einstein 's argument .
One such objection cannot be denied : Einstein has proposed a definition of a spinning disk geometry , but not the only possible definition .
This objection applies to every possible definition .
Einstein 's definition has this in its favor : it 's an operational answer to the question , what is the geometry as observed by the spinning disk 's inhabitants ?
Let 's look at more specific complaints .
First , we have the matter of simultaneity .
Let 's say the disk observers try to use the famous Einstein synchronization procedure to settle on a common definition of simultaneity .
They will fail !
In mathematical terms , if we try to set up a rotating coordinate system adapted to the disk observers , we inevitably find we can't have all the properties we 'd like .
For something like the GPS system , this issue has to be faced , but for Einstein 's argument , it 's a red herring !
Once the disk is in steady - state rotation , things are time independent .
To quote one recent paper [ 13 , page 144 ] :
It may be objected that measurements around the periphery of the disk are not done simultaneously in the standard way .
But an observer on the disk need not measure any lengths simultaneously ; he merely lays a standard rod of length much smaller than [ the radius of the disk ] on the surface and marks off the ends , say , with a piece of chalk .
The chalk marks on either end of the rod can be made at any time since the rod is at rest with respect to the surface .
Repeating the procedure , the circumference of the disk is measured .
Second , we have the assumption that the momentarily comoving observer and the disk observer agree about length measurements at the instant they match velocities .
This is sometimes called the locality hypothesis or the generalized clock postulate , and is fundamental to relativity .
You could also say it 's the definition of an ideal measuring stick ; [ 3 , section 16.4 ] has a nice discussion .
Without this hypothesis , it 's hard see what real - world significance SR could have , since some acceleration is ubiquitous .
A full discussion would involve talking about " agreement to first order " .
Finally , what does Einstein 's argument prove , mathematically speaking ?
It would be nice to have a rigorous mathematical definition of the " space " of Einstein 's disk , whose geometry is supposed to be non-euclidean .
It 's natural to think about a spatial slice .
That runs into difficulties , because of the synchronization issue .
A better solution builds on time independence .
Replace each disk observer with a point .
Formally speaking , we are defining a manifold whose elements ( called points ) correspond to the worldlines of the disk observers .
Still more formally , we are constructing a quotient manifold of a part of Minkowski spacetime .
We define the metric on the manifold using the Born recipe : if Aragorn and Boromir are neighbors on the disk , then ( *) defines s(τ , Aragorn , Boromir ) , the interval from Aragorn to Boromir .
But once the disk is in steady - state Born - rigid rotation , s is independent of τ .
So we have a definition of the distance s( Aragorn , Boromir ) .
Now to cross all the t's we have to take limits and stuff , but when the dust settles , we have a perfectly nicely defined Riemannian manifold .
Its geometry turns out to be non-euclidean , just like Einstein said .
I should emphasize that this is not rocket science for a differential geometer .
The idea of a manifold whose " points " are really geometric figures of some sort goes back to the 19th century .
The quotient construction is also not super - sophisticated .
I am not sure who first did this construction explicitly for Einstein 's rotating disk , but [ 10 , page 306 ] cites [ 11 ] .
Let me return very briefly to the genesis of GR .
A potted summary of Stachel [ 8 ] : Einstein had " the happiest thought of [ his ] life " ( the elevator argument ) in 1907 .
The full theory did n't arrive until 1915 .
What took him so long ?
Two quotes from Stachel :
It is worth emphasizing that Einstein attributed his success in formulating the special theory in 1905 in no small measure to his insistence on physically defining coordinate systems that allow one to attach direct physical significance to coordinate differences :
The theory to be developed — like every other electrodynamics — rests upon on the kinematics of rigid bodies , since the assertions of each such theory concern relations between rigid bodies ( coordinate systems ) , clocks and electromagnetic processes .
Taking this into account insufficiently is the root of the difficulties , with which the electrodynamics of moving bodies currently has to contend .
Little wonder that Einstein was " tormented " by the problem of " just what coordinates are actually supposed to mean in physics " once they lose their direct physical significance !
[ T ]he aim of interpreting rotation as rest - plus - a - gravitational - field appears to have loomed large in Einstein 's motivation .
This motive led him to consider uniformly rotating systems of reference soon after his 1907 treatment of uniformly linearly accelerated systems .
But only after the clarification of the question of rigid motions [ by Born and Herglotz ] do we find any signs of progress on the rotation problem .
The study of uniformly rotating reference systems then led him to the conclusion that , in this case , the spatial coordinates cannot be given a direct physical meaning .
Stachel mentions a more technical aspect .
Einstein noted the analogy between the Coriolis force and magnetism , which are both forces that depend on velocity .
Now , the Newtonian potential is ( to use the proper jargon ) a scalar ; the electromagnetic potential is a vector ; the potential in GR is a symmetric rank - 2 tensor ( see [ 3 , sec. 7.1 ] ) .
Once again , studying the rotating disk pushed Einstein towards the right kind of complexity .
Elastic disks
Physicists continued to write papers about relativity and rotating disks .
Grøn 's paper [ 10 ] provides an extensive survey ; the bibliography includes items up through 2002 .
From this large literature I select just two more items .
Lorentz and later Eddington [ 11 ] asked about a disk made of " incompressible " material .
Eddington put it this way :
Now the meaning of the term incompressible is that no stress - system can make any difference in the closeness of packing of the molecules ; hence the particle - density σ ( referred to proper - measure ) is the same as for an element of the non-rotating disk .
But the particle - density σ' referred to axes fixed in space may be different .
It 's a bit strange that Eddington took into account the " Lorentz stress " , but ignored centrifugal force .
After all , if we rotate a disk at ordinary non-relativistic speeds , we expect it to stretch out , not contract !
How much depends on the stiffness of the material , which ( as it happens ) also helps determine the speed of sound c sound for that material .
G.L. Clark obtained a formula taking both effects into account .
It turns out that you get Eddington 's result if you take c sound to be infinite ; if you let c sound be the speed of light , then the two effects cancel out and the radius of the disk does n't change at all .
Finally , in GR you would expect the tensions in the disk to contribute to the stress–energy tensor and so curve spacetime .
I am not aware of any work that has been done on this .
References :
[ 1 ] Wolfgang Pauli , Theory of Relativity , pages 130 – 134 , Pergamon Press , 1958 .
[ 2 ] Abraham Pais , Subtle is the Lord : the Science and Life of Albert Einstein , page 214 .
[ 3 ] Misner , Thorne , and Wheeler , Gravitation .
[ 4 ] J.S. Bell , Speakable and Unspeakable in Quantum Mechanics , page 67 , Cambridge University Press , 1987 .
[ 5 ] A. Einstein , The Principle of Relativity , Dover .
[ 6 ]
John Stachel , " Einstein and the Rigidly Rotating Disk " , in General Relativity and Gravitation One Hundred Years After the Birth of Albert Einstein , pages 1 – 15 , editor A. Held , 1980 .
Note : I have n't yet gotten a hold of this or [ 7 ] ; my remarks are based on [ 8 ] .
[ 7 ]
John Stachel , " The Rigidly Rotating Disk as the ' Missing Link ' in the History of General Relativity " , in Einstein and the History of General Relativity , editors D. Howard and J. Stachel , 1989 .
[ 8 ] John Stachel , " The First Two Acts " , in The Genesis of General Relativity , vol 1 , pages 81 –111 , editor Jürgen Renn , 2007
[ 9 ]
Ø. Grøn , AJP Vol. 43 No. 10 page 869 ( 1975 )
[ 10 ] Ø. Grøn , " Space Geometry in rotating reference frames : A historical appraisal " , in Relativity in Rotating Frames , edited by Guido Rizzi and Matteo Luca Ruggiero , pages 285–325 ( 2004 ) .
[ 11 ] Guido Rizzi and Matteo Luca Ruggiero , " Space geometry of rotating platforms : an operational approach " , in the arXiv .
[ 12 ] Eddington , The Mathematical Theory of Relativity , Cambridge University Press , 1924 .
Sec.50 , pages 112–113 .
[ 13 ] Thomas A. Weber , " Elementary Considerations of the Time and Geometry of Rotating Frames " , in Relativity in Rotating Frames , edited by Guido Rizzi and Matteo Luca Ruggiero , pages 139 –153 ( 2004 ) .
There is just something so unwholesome about this dude .
It makes me want to drive a wooden stake through his heart .
During the last two decades , the Swedish band Rednex have sold more than 10 million records , with number one hits in eight countries including Germany and the UK .
Today the band , known by most people for the single " Cotton Eye Joe , " released their first single in 18 months .
They chose to share it via The Pirate Bay .
In recent years , hundreds of artists , including Nine Inch Nails , have published their music for free on The Pirate Bay .
However , not many of these musicians have a track record that can match the Swedish techno / folk band Rednex .
In the mid-nineties , the band dominated the charts with their first single “ Cotton Eye Joe , ” which was followed by several other number one hits in the years after .
Despite these successes , the band say they were never really taken seriously by the music industry .
“ We are often labeled as the ugly duckling and the black sheep by the artist community and music media for our unconventional methods and appearances , ” they say .
The band is about to distance themselves even further with their most recent move .
Today , Rednex have released their latest single “ Devil ’s On The Loose ” on The Pirate Bay , turning their back on the music industry for good .
“ Now we are doomed to once again headline the music news as we have chosen to turn our back on the music industry and form a partnership with its No.1 nemesis : The Pirate Bay , ” said the band , commenting on its decision .
The Pirate Bay is currently promoting the new Rednex single on its frontpage , which guarantees exposure to millions of downloaders .
Rednex believes that new forms of distribution will eventually make the record labels redundant .
“ We think that this is undoubtedly the future method of releasing music .
Within 12 years all the record companies will be extinct and the copy - free system will rule , no matter what anyone tries to do about it .
It is inevitable and we are simply adapting to the coming reality .
We admire the file - sharing communities and the unrestricted spread of information , as this will ultimately lead to great all - round benefits , ” they add .
“ We see the record companies as dying , phlegm - coughing dinosaurs that have no function in the new system . ”
Along with the release of the new single , Rednex has published a massive 28 page essay , explaining that the record labels are dying , while file - sharing will continue to flourish .
Whether you appreciate the band ’s music or not , the essay is well worth reading .
While working on Project Euler , I discovered Peter Norvig 's elegant Sudoku solver implementation .
Although the associated TDD discussion brought me much humor , it was the efficacy and flexibility of constraint propagation and search that really stuck with me .
As I implemented this solver in Clojure , I had a small epiphany : one could also model cryptograms as a constraint problem and find a solution in a nearly identical manner .
Here is my account of implementing such a solution .
Formulation
The problem is rather different than Sudoku .
In some ways , it 's simpler : we do n't need to figure out which rows , columns , and boxes are affected by each state change .
That eliminates a lot of bookkeeping , which is fortunate ; figuring out how to compare a set of partially decrypted words to see whether they match an encrypted word and the current puzzle state is enough of a hassle .
I want to list the possible solutions for an encrypted word , and then use search and constraint propagation to eliminate these possibilities .
To find the solution list , I 'll convert each word into what I term its base form .
This is done by replacing each character with a representation of its order of appearance .
For example , both " seas " and " that " become " ABCA " .
Using integers naturally limits this technique to words with 10 or fewer distinct characters , so I have opted to use upper - case characters instead .
To make a comprehensive list , I group all words in /usr / share / dict / words by their base form to create a dictionary keyed on base forms .
We can then look up candidate solutions using the base form for any encrypted word .
This solution is similar to the one required by the ever popular anagram interview question .
It quite naturally introduces a limitation to our solver ; namely , in order to decrypt a word it must appear in the computer 's word list .
I find this list on a standard * NIX distribution to be quite sufficient .
In Clojure , a single entry in the base form dictionary looks something like this :
{ " ABBABC " [ " beebes " " inning " " peeped " " peeper " " teeter " ] }
When an encrypted word has only one candidate on its list , we can consider it solved and propagate that choice .
If we encounter a state where an encrypted word has an empty candidate list , we know we 've propagated impossibly conflicting constraints .
Unlike the Sudoku problem , simply maintaining a list of potential valid states is n't enough .
We really need to store a list of all applied decryption rules , and use them as follows .
Rules and eliminating candidates
Say we have the following encrypted word / candidate list with some yet - to - be- applied rules :
; ;; Candidates
( " vkkvkl " [ " beebes " " inning " " peeped " " peeper " " teeter " ] )
; ;; New rules
{\v \p}
The new rules say we should translate every encrypted " v " to a " p " .
We can integrate this into the base form and generate a partially decrypted base form for the encrypted word .
We can then use that to further eliminate candidates .
; ;; New base form for " vkkvkl " , given our rules
" pBBpBC "
; ;; New hybrid base forms for existing candidates
[ " ABBABC " " ABBABC " " pBBpBC " " pBBpBC " " ABBABC " ] )
; ;; New candidates
( " vkkvkl " [ " peeped " " peeper " ] )
Propagation
Propagating the constraints is straightforward .
We follow four simple rules :
If any encrypted word has no candidates , we are in an inconsistent state .
Return nil .
Otherwise , if all words have only one candidate , return .
We 've found a solution !
Otherwise , if any encrypted word has only one candidate , accept that candidate as a solution .
Update the existing rules in light of this solution and apply them to all the other candidates recursively .
Otherwise , return what we have so far — all words still have more than one candidate , so we have deduced all that we can .
We 'll fall back on search to progress further .
Search
Now that we have the basic tools for modeling and enforcing the constraints , we can easily write a function to fully apply given rules to a set of candidates .
However , as seen above in point 4 , we can encounter a state where we 've eliminated some candidates but have not found a solution .
Indeed , this is the initial problem state .
In order to begin ( and later to progress ) , we need to choose an encrypted word and one of its candidates and run with that pair .
If it 's an invalid pairing , we will reach an inconsistent state and backtrack to try the next pairing .
This is a basic depth - first search .
Our search will return the first valid result ( where " valid " means all encrypted words are solved ) .
We can optimize the search by always starting with first candidate of whichever unsolved encrypted word has the fewest number of candidates — this trims the search tree fairly well .
We can also ensure that the set of decryption rules is actually changed by a given candidate before attempting to search further .
Concluding thoughts
Cryptograms often have many , many solutions .
The first solution found by search is often not the most correct one — especially in terms of human language .
There are some things that could be done in the search function to improve the chance of correctness : e.g. picking the next candidate by word / letter frequency .
A more advanced system could use some NLP techniques to determine whether the decrypted solution passed as human language .
All of these are moot , considering that the benefit provided would n't outweigh complexity they would add to this simple algorithm .
Caveat developer
I 'm providing my implementation as a reference .
Given that I 'm a novice Clojurer , it 's liable to be hideous and non-idiomatic .
I found working in Clojure to be extremely satisfying , both for this project and for the Sudoku one .
My solution is a mere 132 lines ( whitespace / comments included ) , so this is obviously a very expressive language .
I 've been very impressed by flexibility of its persistent data structures and its lazy evaluation .
These make it a very powerful language , and it 's definitely a tool I want to sharpen .
cryptogram.clj
The New York Times reported last week that the New York City Police Department has halted the use of " flashbang " stun grenades .
The department began phasing out the devices in 2003 after their deployment in a mistaken drug raid caused 52 - year - old Alberta Spruill to suffer a fatal heart attack .
The prior year , the department had used flash grenades 175 times .
Flashbangs detonate with a blinding flash of light and a deafening explosion .
Their function is to temporarily stun people in a targeted building until police or military personnel can get inside .
Though the weapons are marketed as non-lethal , there have been a number of incidents in which they 've set homes on fire ( some resulting in fatalities ) , caused severe burns , or confused police officers into thinking they were coming under gunfire , causing them to open fire themselves .
But even when used and executed as intended , flashbangs cause injury by design , and when used by law enforcement , that injury is inflicted on people who have yet to even be charged with a crime , much less convicted of one .
In most cases , the crimes that precipitated the raid are consensual and nonviolent :
They 're drug offenses .
Clay Conrad , a criminal defense attorney in Houston , criminal justice specialist , and author of the book Jury Nullification :
The Evolution of a Doctrine , has tried to challenge the use of flashbangs in the service of drug warrants .
" It 's just an assualt , " Conrad says .
" These things are designed to blind and deafen .
They produce a shockwave of 136 DB or more .
You 're intentionally injuring people . "
In 2008 , federal prosecutors indicted three executives at the flashbang producer Pyrotechnic Specialties , Inc. ( PSI ) for fraud , conspiracy , and money laundering .
The indictments came after one of the devices detonated prematurely in a SUV driven by three FBI agents in 2004 .
A subsequent investigation found that the company knew the devices could detonate prematurely , but covered up the problem .
In November 2008 , CNN interviewed the agents about their injuries .
One said , " To me , it felt like someone just whacked me in the back with a baseball bat as hard as they could . "
Another said , " I do n't sleep .
I have tremendous headaches .
I have the doctors claim severe hearing loss , but for all practical purposes , I 'm deaf in my left ear . "
Speaking of the company , another added , " If they could experience that , or someone close to them would have to go through that experience , I 'm sure it would be a different story and maybe they would n't have allowed it to happen . "
The CNN story focused on PSI 's fraud and negligence , but what 's striking about the FBI agents ' accounts is that other than the early detonation , the grenades did exactly what they 're intended to do .
What the agents experienced is experienced by dozens of people every day who find themselves on the receiving end of a drug raid , where grenades are thrown through bedroom windows , rolled into living rooms , or tossed into hallways .
They 're being punished — intentionally injurred — before they 've so much as seen the inside of a police station .
That 's before we get to the problem of mistaken raids , and innocent bystanders who happen to be in a home when a raid transpires .
New York City officials are n't the only ones taking notice .
In 2008 , a judge in New Jersey held a hearing on the use of stun grenades , then tossed the drug charges against a suspected meth offender because state police used flashbangs and paramiltary tactics to serve the search warrant on his home .
" This was a commando raid - like scenario , " Superior Court Judge James J. Morley said , " and my decision was based on the overall way they approached the case — at 5 a.m. with 29 police officers in commando gear and pointing a weapon at a sleeping 17 - year - old . "
The teen was n't the suspect .
An adult living with him was .
Defense lawyer Clay Conrad 's challenge on flash grenades was based on a Texas law that prevents evidence from being admitted in trial if the police committed a crime in obtaining it .
He argued in a brief that the initial assault and use of flashbangs constitue a criminal assault .
Conrad says the prosecution offered a generous plea before that issue could be hashed out in court .
" We were prepared to argue that if these things are as harmless as the state claims , we should be able to detonate one in the courtroom .
That would have been fun . "
Conrad thinks the use of flashbangs and other overly aggressive tactics may be ripe for a federal challenge .
" The argument is that it shocks the conscience , " he says .
" That argument has some validity to it in the right cases , where you 're using these volatile tactics against someone who 's suspected of nothing more than drug dealing .
It 's excessive to the point of violating the Fourth Amendment . "
There are certainly scenarios in which flashbangs are appropriate , such as anytime you have someone who presents an immediate threat to the safety of others : bank robberies , hostage situations , or similar sorts of stand - offs .
In these cases , the weapons can defuse an already violent situation .
But that is n't how flashbangs are primarily used .
Supporters of the devices say they 're important for the safety of police officers .
We should obviously take sensible precautions to protect cops on the job , but those precautions can't violate the basic rights of everyone else .
Flashbang grenades subject people suspected of nonviolent crimes and everyone around them to an explosion that 's designed to blind and deafen , with the potential to cause severe burns and permanent hearing loss — all before anyone has been charged with a crime .
That does n't seem like a close call .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
Former IAEA Head Hans Blix ' Iran Wo n't Simply Sit There and Accept an Attack '
Hans Blix is the former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency and also worked as a UN weapons inspector in Iraq .
He talks to SPIEGEL about whether Iran really has the ability to enrich uranium and if economic sanctions can ever be effective .
Thanks a lot !
Would you be able to give me an example how to do it with 64 bit processing .
Feb 10 ' 10 # 3
Check out this galaxy 's weird curved shape , almost like an arrow - head .
That 's because it 's hurtling through the Fornax cluster 600 km per second .
Picture it screaming in fear and exhilaration as it roars towards a galactic collision .
The Bad Astronomer , Phil Plait , explains :
NGC 1427A looks like it's got a swept - back shape because it 's being swept back .
In between galaxies there is an ethereally - thin fog of gas , but there 's enough there to have an effect on a passing galaxy .
The boomerang shape of the galaxy is because that side is facing into the wind , so to speak , and being compressed .
The pink curve in the image is due to rigorous star - formation going on there , where the gas clouds are collapsing from the pressure and birthing stars at a prodigious rate .
SA Bans Anonymous Comments
[ EDIT ] : South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson has committed to repeal these unpopular amendments .
Amendments to the South Australia Electoral
Act 1985 that came into effect on the January 6 will mean that anyone wishing to post a comment about the SA state election will be legally required to include their real name and postcode .
The restriction will only apply during the election which extends from after the writs have been issued until 6 pm on polling day .
Many supporters for the introduction of the R18 + for games debate are hoping for SA Attorney - General Michael Atkinson to lose his seat in the upcoming election as he is strongly opposed to an R18 + for games and has the power to veto the change .
The change to the act was included in a number of amendments that were made last year and was supported by the Opposition .
The part of the act that has been changed is quoted below with the changes emphasized .
Bill Would Allow Tracking of Nevada Gun Owners Movements
This message is urgent and we need your action immediately .
The Nevada State Special Session of the Legislature meets this week on Tuesday .
They are looking for ways to fill the budget deficit and do n’t think they have overlooked the cash that has been spent on guns and ammo in the last year .
Nevada –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
The legislature is considering a means of “ revenue enhancement ” that would make privacy for CCW holders a huge problem .
This is the exact same bill that was rejected by the legislature last year .
InsureNet is lobbying for this bill so they can install 1,000 ’s of camera or “ scanners ” on nearly all of Nevada ’s public roads .
If it passes it would allow InsureNet , to photograph / scan every license plate on our roads .
This data would be scanned and analyzed by InsureNet for the purpose of catching uninsured motorists .
It ’s a nice premise but it comes with some serious problems .
The problem is , in Nevada , every CCW holder has essentially given up his / her right to privacy .
The minute you ask the government for “ permission ” to lawfully carry concealed , your license plate and vehicle registration is noted as a CCW holder .
In other words , those who have jumped through the hoops of paying for the privilege to carry a lawful firearm — these lawful gun owners would be captured by an unaccountable , out of state corporate entities database !
We constantly hear of databases being hacked .
Do you understand the ramifications of this bill ?
Can you see the possibility for misuse ?
Gun owners did not create the spending problem at the state level .
And gun owners should not have to fear privacy violations by an out - of - state corporation just because of being a CCW holder .
You know how unaccountable our state legislators can be to gun owners .
A private business has even less accountability to you .
What if someday we have a truly anti-gun Governor ( think Obama ) ?
What if the Governor wanted to know which CCW holders were at a particular “ political rally ? ”
Do you see the problems this can cause now and in the future ?
This bill must NOT be the answer to our states over - spending .
Gun owners need to tell their legislative representatives that the right to privacy as a gun owner is already too heavily compromised by the Unconstitutional permit system .
Nevadans do not need more cameras taking pictures of our auto license plates .
Of course everyone needs to have car insurance .
But this idea is being introduced because our state government is spending money like the proverbial drunken sailors that they are .
Lawful concealed carry holders should not be subjected to this level of potential violation of privacy .
When the Nevada state legislature did not pass this bill last year , they were thinking clearly .
They are not thinking clearly now .
They are seeing dollars signs and they are NOT thinking of you or your CCW .
Do NOT allow them to pass this bill that would make it too easy for the rights of law abiding gun owners like you to be violated .
Contact your representatives immediately .
Tell them “ NO to InsureNet ” .
Tell them NO to scanning our license plates .
Tell them that until lawful Nevada gun owners can carry a self defense weapon as they do in Alaska ( permit optional ) that you do NOT want any type of ‘ scanning ’ of license plates .
Constitutional Carry ( permit optional ) is moving ahead in Iowa , Arizona , Texas and many other states .
Why not Nevada ?
They need to hear from you .
Spread the word .
Do not just post this message on bulletin boards and forums .
Do not just email this message to your gun buddies .
You must call .
It is imperative .
Emails are great but it is really too late .
If you are going to email , please go here .
http://www.leg.state.nv.us/assembly/feedbackmail.cfm
Or email all of them at once by cutting and pasting this :
If you can , please email and call .
Here are the most important phone and contact information .
A suggested message follows .
In the Assembly please contact :
In the Senate please contact :
*******************************************
Dear Member of the Nevada Legislature : During this Special Session , fix the budget problem without scanning license plates .
I believe everyone should have auto insurance but I do not want an out of State Corporation to set up 1,000 ’s of cameras on Nevada roads .
Privacy is too important to be entrusted to a no - bid contract with InsureNet or with any other private company .
Sincerely , *******************************************
About :
Gun Owners of Nevada :
As a single issue organization , GONV seeks to prevent any further encroachment upon the rights of law abiding citizens to own , possess and carry personal defense weapons .
Our goal is to implement “ Vermont Style Carry ” within the state of Nevada .
Visit : www.gonv.org
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) -
The government argued on Friday that it should be allowed access to people ’s cell - phone records to help track suspected criminals .
A Justice Department attorney urged a federal appeals court to overturn lower court rulings denying it the right to seek information from communications companies about the call activity of specific numbers that authorities believe are associated with criminal activity .
But civil rights lawyers argued that providing information such as dates , times and call duration , and which cell towers the calls used , would be an invasion of privacy and a violation of constitutional protections against unjustified arrest .
Attorneys for the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Center for Democracy and Technology said the government should have to obtain a warrant to track an individual via a cell phone and show probable cause that the information would provide evidence of a crime .
In 2008 , the government asked for court permission to use cell phones for tracking without showing probable cause .
The request was denied by a magistrate judge , whose decision was upheld by a district court .
The government is appealing the lower court decisions before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit , which heard oral arguments on Friday .
The government is not seeking to monitor the content of cell phone conversations , said Mark Eckenwiler , an attorney for the Justice Department , but wants information on call activity to assist law - enforcement as it tracks suspected criminals .
“ Cell tower information is useful to law enforcement because of limited information it provides about the location of a cell phone when a call is made , ” the government said in a 2008 brief .
In February 2008 , the government asked a lower court ’s permission to obtain from Sprint Spectrum the connection and cell - site information associated with a specific cell phone , on the grounds that it was relevant to an investigation on narcotics trafficking .
Kevin Bankston , an attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , argued that cell tower data can allow officials to determine a cell phone user ’s location to within a tenth of a mile , and that could violate constitutional rights protecting a person from unreasonable seizure .
“ We think the data in this case is accurate enough to implicate the Fourth Amendment , ” he said .
Judge Dolores Sloviter , one of a three - judge panel , told Eckenwiler the government ’s case raised questions about the government ’s rights to track individuals .
“ There are governments in the world that would like to know where some of their people are or have been , ” she said , citing Iran as a government that monitors political meetings .
“ Would n’t the government find it useful if it could get that information without showing probable cause ?
Do n’t we have to be concerned about that ? ”
The court is expected to rule in coming months .
Calin Leucuta
Offline
 
: Off
p.1 # 1 · p.1 # 1 · Possible world record
PS : New development of the story : it seems that we might be lucky and get to see the video scene too .
The guy has the tape somewhere in his files , you can see the moment when it got detached from the helmet and the free fall all the way down to the moment it hit the ground and got smashed .
The cameras got separated when he opened the parachute , there was nothing to soften the impact for the Rebel .
Estimated velocity : 100 - 110 mph .
Ground was pretty soft but even so , the impact was massive .
PS .
I 'm surprised to see the interest my post generated .
It got covered by CNET , Endgadget , Canon Rumors and others .
For the non believers claiming that it is impossible to jump with a camera attached on a helmet , watch these videos :
Trying to keep it short : I sold my first DSLR ( Rebel XT ) to my buddy from Florida who happens to be a skydive instructor .
He used it mounted on his helmet to shoot skydivers in a free fall .
The mounting plate detached when he opened his chute and both cameras ( photo + video ) took a fall from approximately 3000 ft .
Amazingly , the Rebel survived the fall and my friend is still using it to this very day .
It has a crack in the plastic body and the kit lens is a little jerky when zooming , but functional .
I 'd like to know if there is a similar story or something close to this but I doubt .
It might me a world record indeed ( for the height of a camera drop which survived ) .
Kudos to canon !
PS : New development of the story : it seems that we might be lucky and get to see the video scene too .
The guy has the tape somewhere in his files , you can see the moment when it got detached from the helmet and the free fall all the way down to the moment it hit the ground and got smashed .
The cameras got separated when he opened the parachute , there was nothing to soften the impact for the Rebel .
Estimated velocity : 100 - 110 mph .
Ground was pretty soft but even so , the impact was massive .
PS . I 'm surprised to see the interest my post generated .
It got covered by CNET , Endgadget , Canon Rumors and others .
For the non believers claiming that it is impossible to jump with a camera attached on a helmet , watch these videos :
This is the norm , this is how it 's done .
Stay tuned for the coming video on my blog :
http://cielphoto.blogspot.com/
Video posted !
Edited on Dec 19 , 2009 at 03:51 AM ·
This is the norm , this is how it 's done .
Stay tuned for the coming video on my blog : Video posted !
Edited on Dec 19 , 2009 at 03:51 AM · View previous versions
Dec 14 , 2009 at 05:05 AM
Japanese synchronized swimmers will be banned from the national team if they show up with dyed hair , elaborate nail art , or piercings .
The team has been accused of " looking more like rock stars than swimmers .
" [ Reuters ]
Advertisement
MEMPHIS 
When Monica Bledsoe spoke to her younger brother late last May , he seemed his old upbeat self .
He had just led his first sightseeing tour of Little Rock , Ark. , for their father ’s new tour bus company and all went well .
The tips had flowed .
A week later , her brother , Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad , opened fire with a semiautomatic rifle on a military recruiting center in Little Rock , killing one soldier and wounding another .
Ms. Bledsoe was stunned .
“ I would never have thought this could happen , ” she said .
Eight months after the shooting , Mr. Muhammad ’s family is still sorting through the confusing pieces of his shattered life .
A gentle , happy - go - lucky teenager , he had become a deeply observant Muslim in college , shunning gatherings where alcohol was served .
He traveled to Yemen to study Arabic , married a Yemeni woman , was imprisoned and then deported for overstaying his visa .
After returning to Memphis last year , he stewed with anger about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Recently , Mr. Muhammad , 24 , thrust himself back into the news by claiming in a note to an Arkansas judge that he was a member of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , a terrorist group based in Yemen .
He asked that he be allowed to plead guilty to capital murder , a request that will probably be denied .
… some of the ideas that have been proposed recently seem like someone was just trying to see how crazy an idea they could get away with .
Like billions in dollars in bonuses being handed out by companies that were about to go bankrupt .
WTF ?
Are they just trying to demonstrate conclusively that they own the US government , media , and us ?
© Tom Tomorrow
The new excitement is that President Obama will bring both factions , Democrats and Republicans , to the White House for negotiating health care , again , but this time in the ray of sunlight .
Oh , it will be on television .
To say that I am jumping up and down or doing a " Dorothy " by clicking my ebony pimped out black encrusted crystal stilettos for this announcement , you will be waiting a long time for that one .
And I can jump in my pumps !!!
Let me be clear , I am glad that Barack Obama is going on television , doing President 's Time , calling the Republicans out , and Democrats to some extent , but when the euphoria dies down it comes back to this , " Did anything change ? "
And the answer is " NO " .
Now , I have to look at what happened in 2009 ?
Sure , we were over the moon in having the Democrats in charge and Barack Obama as president , but did major legislation move forward to make a difference ?
And I mean a difference the average American can feel , talk about at the dinner table and the answer is no .
Senator Al Franken was right in lashing out his frustrations towards the White House , primarily the Political Team .
They have been horrible from practically day one .
I refuse to believe that this political team did not know the frustration of the public out here on the Wall Street bonuses , bailout monies , confusion of the health care bill , etc .
They did know , they just chose to ignore it and believed that once any health care bill was passed the poll numbers will shoot up .
Damn , what a difference a clusterfuck year makes .
The Obama White House political team which includes Chief of Staff , Rahm Emanuel , Advisors Valerie Jarrett and David Axelrod has stepped on many toes .
The primary beef from Democrats from Capitol Hill has been lack of leadership from the White House , President and this criticism goes far back to last summer .
The fact is we have our president , rebooting , wanting to bring sunlight to the dark on health care .
He needs to .
The Democrats need major legislation to win in November , so the pander train is in full force .
This is damage control by David Plouffe , because that political bunch would never allow Obama on television in the open after the corrupt deals made by the very political team on behalf of the President .
These very deals from Sens.
Ben Nelson , Mary Landrieu , and the pharmaceutical deal has hurt the very " transparency " of this White House .
Now , it is reboot time .
It is those deals from the super smart political team which is finding times a bit harder now .
Any serious survey of the Obama administration 's accomplishments and setbacks over the last year has to conclude that the administration is deeply in the red .
If current trends continue , this once mesmerizing Camelot - ish operation will be be seen in the history books as the presidential administration that -- to distort slightly and inversely paraphrase Churchill -- never have so many talented people managed to achieve so little with so much .
I never understood the namby - pamby of this White House .
I expected the olive branch , openness to the other side , but when it did not work to move on .
I did not expect the continuation of bipartisanship when the Republicans have continued to spit in our faces .
David Plouffe is right on this point :
" Republicans right now are just sitting back and slinging arrows , " Plouffe said .
" We need to infiltrate their camp and shine some light over their side of the fence . "
Absolutely , we need to shine the light and expose the Republicans for the cowards and obstructionists they are .
In the mean time , that political team which has delivered disastrous results , thus far , needs to be revamped too .
Along with having CREDIBLE individuals on television who can speak crisp , sharp , factual on a smack down mode in behalf of the White House .
Lastly , with the meeting for health care being televised ( February 25 ) , out in the open , expect all the deals that the smart political team made on behalf of the Obama White House to be out in the open , with apologies by President Obama for making these deals .
In the end , can we get bipartisanship from this meeting ?
I doubt it .
This issue is too politicized and damaged , in my view .
The only thing that can move forward is having the Republicans say no , publicly , and have the Democrats find some leadership over in D.C. to fix the bill and push it through .
Again , that leadership thingy ?
That is asking an awful lot for the Democrats to produce .
I hope I am wrong , but thus far by their performance , I do n't think so .
What kind of message are they sending with a Nancy Pelosi piñata ?
She 's full of great things !
We need to get her sweet , sweet knowlege and use it to make everyone happy ?
I forgot that people at CPAC are probably bad at thinking .
BUOYED by a box office hit in Avatar and better - than - expected profits , News Corporation chairman and CEO Rupert Murdoch predicted a rosy future for content - makers like the media and entertainment company .
" The debate over the primacy of content is over , '' Mr Murdoch told analysts after News Corp reported a $ US254 million ( $ 285.1 million ) second - quarter net profit compared with a $ US6.4 billion loss in the same quarter a year ago .
" The value of content is now clear , '' said Mr Murdoch , whose holdings include the Fox television networks , Avatar maker 20th Century Fox , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and newspapers in Australia and Britain .
" Content is not just king .
It is the emperor of all things electronic , '' said Mr Murdoch .
Declaring News Corp " the world 's preeminent content company , '' Mr Murdoch said " devices and platforms are proliferating . ''
" But this clever technology is merely an empty vessel without any great content , '' he said .
" Without content , the ever larger and flatter screens , the tablets , the e-readers and the increasingly sophisticated mobile phones would be lifeless . ''
" Without content these ingenious and wonderful devices would be unloved and unsold , '' he said .
Mr Murdoch repeated plans to begin charging online readers of his newspapers .
The Wall Street Journal is currently the only major newspaper in the News Corp stable to charge readers a subscription fee .
" We expect to expand to other titles in the coming months , '' Mr Murdoch said .
" We 'll be charging for online wherever we have publications . ''
News Corp , he added , is also holding " a very substantive conversation with device makers on developing a subscription model that will provide high - quality journalism to consumers whenever and wherever they want it . ''
An outspoken critic of Amazon 's Kindle , Mr Murdoch said News Corp , owner of book publisher Harper - Collins , had entered into an agreement with Apple , which unveiled its iPad tablet computer last week .
Mr Murdoch said the deal with Apple would allow for higher prices for e-books than the $ US9.99 Amazon charges for bestsellers and hardcover releases .
News Corp is the parent company of the publisher of news.com .au
Two False Rape Reports in Months After Brutal California High School Gang Rape
Two teens make false police reports of rape in Richmond , Calif .
Jan. 19 , 2010  --
In separate incidents , two California teens reported rapes that never really happened and which , if proven true , could have landed the accused in prison for life .
The false police reports were filed at the very same police department that , just three months earlier , handled the now notorious gang rape of a 16 - year - old high school student at her homecoming dance .
Now police in Richmond , Calif. , say they have spent tens of thousands of dollars investigating the supposed crimes before the accusers admitted that they made them up .
A 15 - year - old girl told police last Friday that she had been kidnapped at gunpoint and raped by four men .
Lt. Mark Gagan of the Richmond Police Department in California said the teen offered detailed descriptions of her assailants , including tattoos and hairstyles , before confessing that she 'd fabricated the rape to avoid punishment for missing her curfew .
The sex , she said , had been consensual .
" She called police Sunday and recanted the story , explaining that she had left school early and had been with a few people consensually , " said Gagan .
" She explained she had made up the whole scenario to cover up why she was not home on time . "
Gagan said that the teen initially made the police report by flagging down a bus operator at around midnight Friday wearing only her underwear .
She later told police where she hid her clothes to make her story more believable .
" Fortunately , no one was detained or harmed because of this teen 's false report , " said Gagan .
Three weeks earlier , one suspect in an alleged rape spent three days behind bars after a 17 - year - old girl claimed that he had raped her , according to Gagan .
That rape , too , ended up being a false report , said Gagan , who told ABCNews.com that the teen later told police the suspect was her boyfriend and the sex was consensual , but that a fight had led her to lie and accuse him of rape .
Gagan declined to speculate whether these teens were inspired by October 's gang rape that attracted national attention .
Gang Rape at Homecoming Dance Inspires False Reports
On Oct. 24 , 2009 , a 16 - year - old girl was sexually assaulted by at least seven males ranging in age from 15 to their mid-twenties outside her school 's homecoming dance .
The assault lasted for two - and - a - half hours while onlookers did nothing to help her and some took pictures .
The six suspects who have been charged have entered " not guilty " pleas .
Gagan said it is frustrating to pour resources into crimes that never really occurred .
" Our detectives put a lot of time and energy into trying to determine who these men were , " he said , adding that a special team was assembled to take DNA from the teen who lied this past weekend .
" We put so many resources into this case and we are a small organization , " he said .
" This cost us 100 hours of staffing and tens of thousands of dollars . "
Gagan said that the teen in this past weekend 's incident " was not apologetic , " despite how seriously her lie could have impacted another person 's life .
" DNA could have seriously implicated these people , " said Gagan .
" The exposure for the crime she 's alleged is life in prison .
If someone 's DNA had come and she stuck to her story , they could have been looking at life in prison . "
The Richmond Police Department has never charged a person for a false report , Gagan said , in an effort to avoid creating an environment where people with legitimate claims hesitate to report crimes .
" It 's a complex situation and there is still a lot of work to be done before the criminal justice system has a way to deal with these types of cases , " the lieutenant said .
An article published today in the journal Pediatrics confirms what parents and advocacy organizations have been saying for years : many individuals with autism suffer from gastrointestinal disease that can contribute to behaviors and symptoms associated with autism .
Evaluation , Diagnosis , and Treatment of Gastrointestinal Disorders in Individuals With ASDs : A Consensus Report is the result of expert panel study and discussion led by Dr. Timothy Buie of the Harvard Medical School Department of Pediatrics .
The panel 's findings point out not only the existence of underlying GI disturbances that can manifest as behavioral problems , but also notes that such medical issues have often gone undiagnosed or been ignored in the past by physicians treating patients diagnosed with autism .
" We are finally getting mainstream acknowledgement that our kids are physically sick , and not the victims of some mysterious genetic behavioral disorder , " commented Lori McIlwain , National Autism Association ( NAA ) board chair .
" With one in 110 children now diagnosed with autism , we are in the midst of a national health emergency .
Physicians must address the underlying medical conditions involved in this epidemic if they are to help us find answers and relief for our children . "
The panel arrived at several conclusions regarding current clinical practice guidelines and made recommendations for future medical and research priorities .
These include :
Current treatment guidelines do not routinely consider potential medical problems
Problem behaviors including self - injury , aggression , irritability , and sleep disturbance may be manifestations of abdominal pain
Behavioral treatment should not substitute for medical treatment
Gastrointestinal symptoms should be considered an urgent indication for medical investigation
Immunologic dysfunction , inflammation , metabolic dysfunction , and allergies are all potentially associated with autism
Research is needed to determine the role of abnormal GI permeability in neuropsychiatric manifestations of autism
Greater awareness is needed among health care providers of the atypical manifestations of GI disorders
Awareness of unrecognized medical conditions in autism must become a priority of professional societies including the American Academy of Pediatrics
Diagnostics should be performed to accurately identify co-morbid allergic disease
Research is needed to determine the role of immune dysfunction in autism
" This is definitely a step in the right direction , " said Ms. McIlwain .
" Our kids need and deserve clinical investigation and treatment for the underlying medical conditions from which they suffer . "
SOURCE National Autism Association
Released by Akazawa , and imported by AudioCubes , Plen is billed as a " desktop hobby robot " .
But unlike most miniature bipedal hobby robots , Plen can can be controlled via your Android handset .
Akazawa has paired Plen with a native Android app for sophisticated motion - based control over a bluetooth connection , including a series of complex built - in poses and actions , including skateboarding !
Plen 's release is extremely limited ; 50 will be sold for $ 3,000 USD each .
Due to the small run and the inclusion of Bluetooth connectivity paired with an Android app , Plen is one of the more expensive hobby robots , but also one of the most unique .
[ Audiocubes via Gizmodo ]
Follow GeekTech on Twitter or Facebook .
Over at Alternet Vanessa Richmond asks : “ Why Do People Want to Have Sex with the 9 - Foot Tall Natives in ‘ Avatar ’ ? ”
But by “ people ” she clearly means men .
Here is an excerpt :
James Cameron ’s comments in interviews suggest the reaction is actually pretty vanilla , and by design .
Early designs for the Na’vi ” were much more alien , ” according to Cameron , the creator and director of the movie .
In the early drawings of Neytiri , the young female love interest , ” she had fins on her back and gills and all kinds of weird protuberances and so on in odd places . ”
The beta testing went something like this :
” We just kept asking ourselves : basically , the crude version is : ‘ Well , would you wanna do it ? ’
And our all - male crew of artists would basically say , â€ ˜Nope , take the gills out . ’
It was pretty simple . ”
In other words , Neytiri was created to be a sex fantasy .
As one of my male friends said , it ’s as if they took Gisele Bundchen and made her even taller with longer legs , and elongated her already slim waist , which is a super signal to the male , of fertility .
Any similar effort to make any of the characters appeal to women ?
Did Richmond even care enough to ask ?
She does quote a couple of women in the piece , as follows :
â€ œThe only thing i can think of after seeing Avatar is â€˜when are they gonna make avatar porn ? ’ wrote one person on Texts From Last Night .
” Is it weird that I found myself thinking of that blue chick from Avatar while [ my girlfriend ] gave me head after the movie ? ” wrote another . ” lol .
im a girl and i agree .
i would les out for Neytiri , but i want Jake : ) ” responded another .
The gender of “ one person ” ?
Not clear , though statistically one might assume male , as I suspect the reader is supposed to do .
Is “ im a girl ” really female ?
Who knows .
Richmond also informs us that the big eyes are sexy because remind folks of babies :
Even the blue part is n’t so strange .
As a female friend of mine said , blue is everyone ’s favorite color .
It ’s like water .
It would be different if they were diarrhea - colored or yellow or something .
That smart friend also said the eyes are key : the Na’vi have big eyes like a baby ’s , a creature we ’re programmed to find irresistible .
Why does she point out the gender of the source of the observation , her “ female friend ” ?
Is it because if she just said “ a friend ” we would assume she meant a man ?
– Ann Bartow
ETA : On a related note , if the “ aliens ” are not mammals , why do the females have breasts ?
Rhetorical query , obviously .
It is addressed in this essay as follows :
But then , on the absolute other side of the coin is Playboy ’s interview with Cameron , which delves into the hotness of the movie ’s female stars .
And breasts .
When asked whether he designed Neytiri specifically to appeal to guys , Cameron replies , ” And they wo n’t be able to control themselves .
” ( I guess that means yes . )
A lot of that appeal , according to Cameron , started with the decision to give the character breasts : even though the Na’vi are n’t mammals .
It ’s a tiny passage in a very long interview , but it struck me , I ’m sure in part because I ’ve read ” The Cancer Journals ” by American poet Audre Lorde .
In it , Lorde writes about undergoing a modified radical mastectomy and how doctors , therapists and random people changed their attitudes toward her when she refused to undergo reconstructive surgery or wear a prosthesis .
Cameron ’s decision to put breasts on non-mammals makes me wonder : in modern film , does a character have to have breasts to be a woman ?
Does a woman have to have breasts to be beautiful ?
ETA Part II , from here :
So , I am sorry to keep going back to the sex thing , but the second that our hero , Jake , finally gets around to doing it with Space Zoe Saldana , she utters the words â€ “ with no small amount of seriousness , might I add â€“ ” we are mated for life now .
” The VERY MOMENT HE GETS IT IN , she says this .
Ladies : do you date dudes ?
Do any of these dudes like Avatar ?
Do you think that , at any point , you might have sex with a dude who likes Avatar ?
Because , if so , you need to say this shit during sex .
I know I ’m going to .
I ’ll adopt the deep , tranquil , stalkerly tones of mystical communion , give him the zonked - out blue - person googly - eye , all of it .
Just to see how quickly he flies screaming out of the apartment , and whether he bothers to put on pants .
For Ryan Shawcross it was the best of days and the worst of days .
The 22 - year - old Stoke centre - half was in tears as he left the pitch following his dismissal for the dreadful lunge that broke Aaron Ramsey 's leg , and still in tears when his mother drove him away from the Britannia Stadium , but although the decision was in the balance for a while he eventually learned of his first England call - up .
There is no doubt Shawcross 's inclusion in the squad to face Egypt at Wembley on Wednesday is merited , particularly as Fabio Capello found himself unable to call on the injured Rio Ferdinand and likely reserve Gary Cahill , but the England manager and his assistant Franco Baldini still delayed the announcement of the squad by over half an hour as they debated the likely repercussions of a particularly serious injury .
There could be no doubt over the Stoke defender 's remorse about the incident , however , and that may have counted in his favour .
While Shawcross may have had some hint of his elevation before the game , when Capello revealed on Friday that he was considering a young centre - half as a new addition to the squad , he could not possibly have expected to gain recognition on the same day he received the first red card of his professional career .
The severity of the injury to Ramsey cannot help but cloud the occasion for Shawcross , yet at the same time his unblemished record suggests Capello would have been wrong to jump to a hasty conclusion .
There were no real surprises in the rest of Capello 's squad , unless you count the selection of Theo Walcott and Stewart Downing and the absence of Joe Cole ; the inclusion of Leighton Baines and Stephen Warnock had been heavily advertised since Wayne Bridge 's withdrawal and England had few other options to turn to for immediate left - back cover .
" I hope Warnock will still be fit after the Carling Cup final , " Capello said .
" I know of his ability , he has improved a lot with Aston Villa , and so has Baines with Everton .
They are both good players and in good form . "
ENGLAND SQUAD
David James , Robert Green , Joe Hart ; Wes Brown , James Milner , John Terry , Matthew Upson , Joleon Lescott , Ryan Shawcross , Leighton Baines , Stephen Warnock ; David Beckham , Theo Walcott , Frank Lampard , Gareth Barry , Steven Gerrard , Michael Carrick , Shaun Wright - Phillips , Stewart Downing ; Emile Heskey , Jermain Defoe , Wayne Rooney , Peter Crouch , Carlton Cole
In his podcast Roberts on Smith , Ricardo , and Trade , Russ Roberts states that self - sufficiency is the road to poverty .
Roberts elaborates on the economic theories of Adam Smith and David Ricardo to explain how specialization and trade create wealth and how radical self - sufficiency leads to poverty .
Suppose you decide to grow your own food .
Are you going to buy your gardening tools from Ace Hardware ?
If you really want to be self - reliant , you should make your own tools .
Are you going to take your chances with what water happens to fall on your property , or are you going to rely on municipal water ?
Are you going to forgo fertilizer or rely on someone else to sell it to you ?
Carried to extremes , self - reliance ends in a Robinson Crusoe - like existence .
People in poor countries are often poor because they are self - reliant in the sense that they must do many things for themselves .
They do not have the opportunities for specialization and trade that are available to those who live in more prosperous countries .
Some degree of self - reliance makes economic sense .
Transaction costs , for example , make it impractical to outsource small tasks .
It also makes sense to do some things that are not economically feasible .
For example , an orthodontist may choose to make some of her own clothing or keep a garden for the pleasure of doing so , not because these activities are worth her time .
In general , however , specialization and large trading communities are the road to prosperity .
Without a large economic community , no one can become an orthodontist ( or an accountant , barrista , electrician , … )
Why do we so often value self - sufficiency more than specialization and trade ?
Here are a three reasons that come to mind .
In America , self - sufficiency is deeply rooted in our culture .
We admire the pioneer spirit , and this leads to seeing as virtues actions that were once a necessity .
Self - sufficient people are generally well liked , especially if they ’re not too prosperous .
Conversely , those who create wealth by leveraging the labor of others are often treated with suspicion and jealously .
Our school system encourages “ well - roundedness ” rather than excellence .
The way to succeed is to be moderately good at everything , even if you ’re not outstanding at anything .
( More on this idea here . )
Update : After writing this post , I read Russ Robert ’s book The Choice : A Fable of Free Trade and Protectionism .
I discovered one of the later chapters is entitled “ Self - Sufficiency Is the Road to Poverty . ” Excellent book .
Related posts
One size does not fit all , say experts Badly fitted condoms do not just reduce the pleasure of sex for men and women - they raise the risks of infection and pregnancy , researchers say .
Men are twice as likely to take the condom off midway through sex due to a poor fit , a poll of 436 men in Sexually Transmitted Infections journal reveals .
Ill - fitting condoms more than doubled the chances of them splitting or slipping off , a Kentucky team found .
UK experts said men should know condoms came in different shapes and sizes .
Condom use is increasing in popularity , now rivalling the Pill as a form of contraception , according to a recent poll .
However , there are concerns that couples may turn away from them if they fail to fit comfortably and correctly , and risk unsafe sex instead .
The latest study fuels these concerns .
Out of 436 men questioned by the University of Kentucky researchers , 195 reported that their last sexual encounter involved an ill - fitting condom .
Standard latex condoms should fit most people but there are many different types of condoms available in different shapes and sizes and trying different types will be important in finding the ' right one '
Simon Blake , Brook A total of 120 of these said that this had reduced their own sexual pleasure , and 57 said it had reduced it for their partner .
In addition , 34 said they had removed the condom early , while 18 said the condom had broken during sex .
All of these problems were far less frequent among men who reported a well - fitted condom .
One solution , according to the US researchers , would be better public health efforts to make sure that men achieved the best fit .
Simon Blake , from advisory charity Brook , said that , used correctly , condoms were 98 % effective and protected against both unplanned pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections .
He said : " Standard latex condoms should fit most people but there are many different types of condoms available in different shapes and sizes and trying different types will be important in finding the ' right one ' . "
Natika Halil , from sexual health charity FPA , said that men , and women , needed to take time to learn the skills needed to put a condom on properly .
" Confidence and the skill of putting on a condom also contributes to how well they are used .
If we are serious about people being able to use condoms consistently , then we need to listen to their needs
Gill Gordon , International HIV / AIDS
Alliance " Men come in all shapes and sizes and so do condoms .
When we talk with men on the FPA helpline about condoms tearing , slipping off or being a nuisance to use , one of the main culprits is often something as simple as not using the right size . "
Gill Gordon , from the International HIV / AIDS Alliance , has spent time talking to men in Africa about condom use , and says the size and fit issue must be addressed if condoms are to be used effectively to reduce the number of new HIV infections .
Unlike in Europe and the US , the variety of sizes and shapes of condoms is not available to most men - she told of some resorting to tying an oversized condom on with string , or preferring to use the female condom because regular size versions were so painful .
She said : " I think that the unwillingness of African men to use condoms has been overstated , and that many more would be willing to wear one if they were more comfortable .
" If we are serious about people being able to use condoms consistently , then we need to listen to their needs . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON — Seeking momentum on the eve of a crucial meeting on health care reform , congressional Democrats on Wednesday seized on evidence that California ’s largest for - profit health insurer spent tens of millions of dollars on lavish corporate retreats and executive salaries even as it planned dramatic rate hikes for nearly 800,000 customers who buy coverage on their own .
Executives at WellPoint , the parent company of Anthem Blue Cross of California , came under fire at a House hearing after internal e-mails and other documents suggested that the company systematically works to curb how much it spends on medical claims , while prodding sicker patients into stingier plans with greater cost - sharing .
The showdown was sparked by Anthem ’s plan to raise rates for its roughly 800,000 customers in California ’s individual market by as much as 39 percent , starting in May .
One day before a bipartisan health care summit that could prove critical to the fate of President Barack Obama ’s health reform plans , Democrats on a House panel took a populist tack , contrasting what they portrayed as the extravagant lifestyles of insurance executives with customers facing ever - rising costs .
“ Corporate executives at WellPoint are thriving , ” said House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman , D - Los Angeles , “ but its policyholders are paying the price . ”
WellPoint executives responded that the firm is subject to the whim of larger forces in the health care market , such as higher charges by hospitals and drug companies .
The slumping economy has prompted many healthy customers to drop their coverage , they said , leaving the company with little choice but to raise rates for those who remain on the rolls .
“ There is so much misinformation about what is driving these premium increases , ” WellPoint President and CEO Angela Braly told the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations .
But the e-mails and documents obtained by the committee gave Democrats ammunition to question the company ’s motives .
One e-mail written by a WellPoint vice president in October stated that a premium increase averaging 23 percent would “ return CA to target profit of 7 percent . ”
Others referred to creating slimmed - down policies ( called “ downgrade options ” ) as a way to retain customers turned off by premium hikes .
WellPoint said it wound up targeting a profit margin of 2 percent , which it described as reasonable .
Scaled - back policies , the insurer said , represent an effort to keep coverage affordable .
WellPoint was also put on the defensive by documents showing it paid 39 executives more than $ 1 million in 2008 and spent more than $ 27 million on 103 executive retreats in 2007 and 2008 .
Among the destinations were a Four Seasons Resort in San Diego and a resort in Manele Bay , Hawaii .
Braly said the functions were “ meetings for our customers , ” including brokers and agents , and that the company is doing what it can to keep costs in check for subscribers .
“ We ’re fighting every day to make sure we can make their health plans more affordable , ” she said .
Despite the firestorm of criticism , Anthem representatives said this week they plan to move ahead with the rate increase — averaging 25 percent but as much as 39 percent for some customers — for about 800,000 Californians enrolled in individual plans , as opposed to group plans provided by employers .
State Insurance Commissioner and gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner is reviewing the proposed rate hike but is mostly powerless to stop it .
The firm ’s rate hike proposal has become a political football in the health care debate .
Obama this week used it to justify his new plan to give the federal government power to block health care premium increases that are deemed “ excessive ” — an idea floated a few days earlier by Sen.
Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif .
Democrats said steep rate hikes in California and other states demonstrate the need for sweeping health care reform .
Obama says his plans would keep premiums in check by bringing most Americans into the market — healthy and ill — with a mandate to buy insurance .
That would spread costs more widely , he argues .
But the insurance industry remains opposed , saying the requirement to buy coverage is n’t strict enough .
The industry fears that it will be forced to accept people with pre-existing conditions without any assurance that those costs will be balanced out by healthy subscribers .
Contact Mike Zapler at 202-662-8921 .
Selling women 's underwear has always been fertile territory for a certain kind of comedy – the kind we saw in Britain with the long - running department store sitcom , Are You Being Served ?
Now it 's the turn of the Saudis to get their knickers in a twist ( so to speak ) over the question of who should serve the customers : a man or a woman ?
Under the rules established by the Wahhabi sect , unrelated men and women are forbidden to mix , and offenders can be severely punished .
But trying to enforce such rules in a modern society quickly becomes a nightmare , and the Great Lingerie Debate shows just how ludicrous it can get .
The story so far :
In 2005 the Saudi labour ministry issued a decree ordering shops to ensure that purchasers of lingerie were served by women .
This was presented at the time as a progressive move , aimed at increasing female employment in a society where there is still a lot of resistance to the idea of women going out to work .
Despite threatening inspections and fines for shops that failed to comply after a two - year deadline , the ministry did nothing about it and now says the decree was not compulsory .
A survey in Jeddah four years ago found that out of 247 shops selling lingerie and beauty products only three employed women .
This month the issue surfaced again when Reem Asaad , a female economics professor in Jeddah , called for a boycott of lingerie shops that do n't employ saleswomen .
Apart from the female employment question , she argues that women can feel embarrassed buying underwear from male staff :
" This is a sensitive part of women 's bodies , " she told the BBC .
" You need to have some discussions regarding size , colour and attractive choices and you definitely do n't want to get into such a discussion with a stranger , let alone a male stranger . "
Announcing her boycott campaign , Ms Asaad said : " The only way to get things done is putting pressure on the industry , and ( for ) retailers to change . "
But implementing the rules is far from simple .
Yesterday the Jeddah - based daily , Arab News , described the experience of one Saudi boutique chain , Nayomi , which has more than 30 shops .
Most of these are " family " stores – meaning they are open to men and women who are married or related .
The remainder – about one - third – are for women only .
Following the ministry 's decree , Nayomi decided to experiment by hiring women at two of its " family " stores .
Although this seems to be what the labour ministry wants , the company is still not sure if it is breaking the segregation rules set by the religious police .
What happens , for example , if female sales staff come into contact with male customers ?
One option is to create women - only areas within the " family " shops ( which involves structural alterations ) ; another is to go the whole hog and and banish men entirely .
The trouble with women - only shops is that they are less attractive to customers because they have to block their windows so that passers - by can't see in .
Their running costs are also higher because they have to employ a security guard to keep men out .
The other problem is that Saudi women often bring their husband along .
" Women do n't always want to shop without their husbands , " according to Sarah bint Sahal , an area retail manager for Nayomi .
" Most of the times the husbands are the ones paying . "
So , where do they go from here ?
Nobody seems to know .
In Britain , Are You Being Served ? ran to 69 episodes .
The real - life Saudi version could last a lot longer .
Play for your chance to win a trip for two ( 2 ) to the 2020 Maui Jim Maui Invitational and $ 10,000 in Amazon.com Gift Cards !
* Restrictions apply .
See details .
This is salmon sashimi , i very like salmon sashimi .
Ok la , the salmon sashimi still ok wan , but i very scare the sashimi got undead worm so i use my handphone torch light to scan scan to see if the salmon got any worm but lucky no have any worm so i kiap many and eat with wasabi .
SHIOK
This is non smelly ham yu , in case you do n't know cantonese , i let u know this is non smelly version of half dried salted fish .
They were like sitting on their plate for daysss .
I no dare to take because i saw my auntie friend make a puking face after she ate one of this hamyu .
This is squid sashimi , i first time see the squid sashimi in literally white color .
Very white color liao weh , u cook liao or not i do n't know but they also same like the hamyu , sitting on the plate very long liao so i also no pick .
This oyster i tell you , very strong oyster .
You can smell the oyster smell from far far away .
The oyster like frozen for thousand years and very busuk la weh .
I do n't know if the oysters kena froze and unfroze and froze and unfroze for thousand times or what la but the smell is like the giant longkang besides sunway putra mall lo .
I saw buddha jump over the wall , i take a bowl because i want to have something hot .
I stir stir i no see any buddha .
Eh , you do n't 38 .
We author in this blog are not all bodo crab and joker , ok .
Except ah wok maybe ?
i do n't know .
Ok , i took a bowl of this buddha jump over the wall .
Got abalone slices la , got many fried fish maw and sea cucumber .
But the soup taste like the water use to wash off the oilyness of fried fish maw .
There is nothing i can eat i very beh tahan i very hungry so i go kiap those fresh ingredient and ask the abang to cook teppanyaki for me .
Fuuu , i can confirm shogun and saisaki are brother and brother , they both use the same sweet sauce .
You know why i know or not ?
It 's because the sweet sauce is 4896 sweet .
I took this from a pot called supreme clam soup .
This is not clam soup la this is the water they use to wash off the sands or dirt from the clam la .
The clams still got many sands and fishy smell .
This is fried pumpkin prawn .
The pumpkin taste like sweet potato , the whole thing very dry very floury , very weird taste .
The sweet potato already dried and taste like 2 days ago mashed potato without gravy but the prawn is ok , still elastic .
I cincai eat till i half full i go up GSC cinema there get the waffle eat till full full .
From now on , no one can force ah kambing to step in Shogun anymore .
NO MORE .
Shogun Japanese Buffet Restaurant One Utama
Da jia hao , i is Ah Kambing , i very long time no upcar already , maybe becos i got pray to guan yin ma , so i no upcar .
But this time , i was forced upcar .
Forced upcar ok , not i go upcar .
So pilipala pilipala , i was forced to go lunchie in Shogun Japanis buffet at one utama shopping mall center .
I stepped in , i sit and i watch what the auntie took .
I tell u what , this is very important when u eating in a buffet restaurant .
U want to know what food is the best , u have to check with the auntie .
But that time not many auntie , i was very hungry liao so i go pick the food .
This is half dried maguro sashimi .
My friend very sakai like that , when he saw this maguro sashimi he very loud and say wui , got beef wui .
I immediately give him facepalm .
Wui sakai , you standing in front of a sashimi bar where got beef one .
This is the sushi bar , all the maki maki rice roll you can have there .
All also very dry and not fresh , i do n't why maybe i go for lunch buffet and these were the leftover of the night before .
Call it a sign of the times : C- SPAN has given up on Real 's streaming video format .
A notice on C - SPAN 's website says , " Due to lack of demand for the RealVideo format , we will be retiring our links to C - SPAN live video streams in the RealVideo format effective March 1 , 2010 . "
Windows Media and Flash are the two remaining formats supported by C - SPAN .
Say whatever you want about Flash , but it certainly beats Windows Media for cross - platform ease - of - use ... and the less said about using RealVideo , the better .
While C- SPAN may not be on the cutting edge of technical innovation , the real laggards are government agencies , the only places I have encountered RealVideo over the last year .
Before the Julius Genachowski-led FCC mercifully switched to Flash , the FCC broadcast its open meetings on the ' Net in postage - stamp sized RealVideo from a server that could handle a max of 200 users .
Real lives on especially in the dark corners of Congressional committees — the Senate 's Committee on Environment and Public Works still uses it , for instance , but even they have added Flash support as well .
It 's a sad fate for a once - proud codec .
The U.K. is the poster child for Keynesian stupidity carried out to extreme levels .
In an extremely well written article , Matthew Lynn , a Bloomberg columnist discusses the sorry state of British affairs in Deathbed of Keynesian Economics Will Be in U.K .
The U.K. has produced notable economists over the years , but John Maynard Keynes , the guru of government intervention , was one of truly global significance .
So it may be fitting that the U.K. will also become the deathbed of Keynesian economics .
Britain has been following the mainstream prescriptions of his followers more than any developed nation .
It has cut interest rates , pumped up government spending , printed money like crazy , and nationalized almost half the banking industry .
Short of digging Karl Marx out of his London grave , and putting him in charge , it is hard to see how the state could get more involved in the economy .
The results will be dire .
The economy is flat on its back , unemployment is rising , the pound is sinking , and the bond markets are bracketing the country with Greece and Portugal in the category marked “ bankruptcy imminent . ”
At some point soon , even the most loyal disciples of Keynes will have to admit defeat , and accept that a radical change of direction is needed .
The U.K. has been in Keynes overdrive for the past 18 months .
The budget deficit is already more than 12 percent of gross domestic product , on a par with Greece .
And while the Greeks are cutting spending , the British deficit is widening .
Figures for January showed another fiscal blowout .
At the same time , interest rates have been slashed to 0.5 percent .
And the pound has slumped in value , which is supposed to boost demand for British goods , and help close the trade gap .
Just about everything possible has been done to encourage consumption .
The results have been miserable .
Retail sales excluding gasoline in January fell 1.2 percent from the previous month , twice as much as economists forecast .
The number of people receiving unemployment benefits jumped to 1.64 million in January , the highest level since April 1997 .
The yield on U.K. government debt is now higher than on Spanish or Italian bonds , a sure sign that investors are losing faith in the country ’s ability to pay its debts .
The inflation rate has also accelerated to 3.5 percent .
Triple Whammy
In reality , Britain has the worst of all possible worlds : a stagnant economy , a crippling budget deficit and rising prices .
The Keynesian consensus is that things would have been far worse without the stimulus provided by government .
And if the economy is n’t pumped up with inflated demand , it will collapse back into recession .
If it ’s not working , that just proves the stimulus should be even larger .
It is the argument quacks always push :
If the medicine is n’t working , increase the dosage .
Cleveland , Washington and the Los Angeles Clippers pulled off a three - team deal on Wednesday that sends Antawn Jamison to the Cavaliers as LeBron James ' new sidekick , instead of Amare Stoudemire .
Cleveland sends Zydrunas Ilgauskas and his expiring $ 11.5 million contract to Washington .
Washington also gets a 2010 first - round draft pick from Cleveland along with the rights to Emir Preldzic , who was selected in the second round of last year 's draft .
The Wizards receive Al Thornton from the Clippers , with L.A. getting forward Drew Gooden , whom Washington acquired in last week 's trade with Dallas .
Besides Jamison , Cleveland also will acquire Clippers guard Sebastian Telfair .
" Antawn is a great pro .
We are very excited to have an experienced all - star player of Antawn 's caliber and character join us , " Cavaliers general manager Danny Ferry said in a statement announcing the trade .
" He has the ability to add a special , unique dimension to our team with a strong inside presence and the ability to stretch teams defensively , while impacting the entire court .
We think he matches the culture we have built , and continue to build , and will fit well with our group on the court and off . "
Jamison left the arena shortly before the Wizards game on Wednesday .
As he entered his car , all he had to say to reporters was : " Not now . "
He did have a message for Wizards fans .
" You know I love them more than they love me . "
" Antawn Jamison has been the embodiment of leadership on and off the court for this franchise for five - and - a - half seasons and we thank him for all he has done for the Wizards and the city of Washington , " said Wizards president Ernie Grunfeld .
" Unfortunately , our on - court results have not met our expectations and we felt it was necessary to make changes to improve our future and our financial flexibility .
This trade accomplished both of those objectives . "
LONDON — Tony Blair ’s evidence to the Iraq war inquiry , notable for a lack of any apology , sets up an awkward appearance within weeks for Prime Minister Gordon Brown , ahead of a likely May election .
Blair ’s unrepentant testimony sparked fury among military families and criticism from the press , reviving memories of what many commentators see as the ruling Labour party ’s biggest blunder since taking power in 1997 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The former premier told the Chilcot inquiry that he accepted “ responsibility but not regret for removing Saddam ” — prompting shouts of “ liar ” and “ you ’re a murderer ” from the public gallery .
Brown has talked little about his role in Blair ’s decision to take Britain to war in 2003 alongside the United States and he oversaw the end of the country ’s military mission in Iraq last year .
Former minister Clare Short , who quit after the invasion in protest , told the BBC Sunday that Brown “ did n’t oppose the war , but he did n’t support it ” before coming round in favour just before the invasion .
However , Blair ’s ex communications chief Alastair Campbell told the inquiry this month that Brown — finance minister for a decade before taking over from Blair in 2007 — was one of the “ key ministers ” his boss consulted at the time .
This could raise tricky questions about Brown ’s judgement and whether he tried to talk Blair out of launching into a war in which 179 British soldiers died , shortly before an election which opinion polls predict he will lose .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It would have taken resignation by just a handful of ministers and officials to prevent this war , ” Polly Toynbee , a leading commentator on Labour , wrote in the Guardian newspaper Saturday .
“ Whatever Chilcot opines , long after the election is over , this extraordinary public inquisition of the recent prime minister ( Blair ) has been a raw reminder of the defining error of Labour ’s foreign policy . ”
Brown is likely to be questioned by the inquiry in late February or early March .
ADVERTISEMENT
At least two government ministers have hinted the election could be held on May 6 and although informal campaigning is already well under way , the formal race would probably start in early April .
Although the election seems likely to be dominated by the economy , Iraq could still play a role for some voters , according to experts .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s not going to be a decisive issue but there ’s no doubt at all that it ’s now a background hum in the build - up to the election and will reinforce certain impressions , ” political commentator Steve Richards told BBC television Friday .
“ If people think this government is full of liars , that will be reinforced . ”
Some key members of Blair ’s administration at the time of the invasion remain in power .
As well as Brown , there is Jack Straw , foreign secretary in 2003 and now justice secretary .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition , some media reports suggest Blair could return to help Labour ’s general election campaign , a move likely to prove highly controversial , not least with many military families .
Whether or not Brown is beaten by David Cameron and the main opposition Conservatives in the general election , Blair ’s evidence may have implications for Britain way beyond the poll .
Despite his warning that the West must be prepared to take a “ very hard , tough line ” with Iran over its disputed nuclear programme , it could now be much harder for Britain to commit its troops to foreign deployments .
“ If Tony Blair is right and Iran does kick off and there ’s some kind of international force to be sent there , David Cameron as prime minister is really going to have to think hard … given what happened in Iraq , ” Fraser Nelson , editor of current affairs magazine the Spectator , told the BBC Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I think this will tie the hands of prime ministers for years to come . ”
MUMBAI ( Reuters ) - Shah Rukh Khan ’s new film “ My Name is Khan ” opens in cinemas across India on Friday but theatre owners in Mumbai were still cagey about its release in the wake of threats by the Shiv Sena .
Workers remove a huge banner of Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan 's film " My Name Is Khan " from an under construction building as motorcyclists ride past in Mumbai February 10 , 2010 .
" My Name is Khan " opens in cinemas across India on Friday but theatre owners in Mumbai were still cagey about its release .
REUTERS / Punit Paranjpe / Files
The radical Hindu group triggered a media storm last week after it criticised Khan for calling for Pakistani cricketers to be included in the Indian Premier League .
Shiv Sena members have torn up posters in Mumbai and warned theatres against screening the movie on Friday .
Cinema owners in Mumbai have expressed apprehensions over security and were closeted in negotiations with distributors Fox Star Studios till late on Thursday night .
Fox , however , seemed to hold firm .
“ There is a huge demand for ‘ My Name is Khan ’ .
We are releasing it nationally tomorrow , ” CEO Vijay Singh was quoted as saying in an SMS statement forwarded by the film ’s publicist .
But cinema owners in Mumbai and the rest of Maharashtra were not entirely convinced , despite assurances of security from city police officials .
A final call on the film ’s release would be taken on Friday morning .
“ We are looking for some sort of a reassurance from the distributors that nothing would happen , ” a cinema owner , who did not want to be identified , told Reuters .
“ Until then , we are not sure if it is prudent to release the film ” .
The Shiv Sena ’s demand of an apology from Shah Rukh Khan is also unlikely to be fulfilled , with the Bollywood actor sticking to his stand , adding he had n’t said anything wrong .
“ I have the courage of conviction by my side .
I explain becos ( sic ) better to do that , than create aggression & division in my country , ” Khan wrote on his Twitter account on the sidelines of the Berlin film festival , where the film is being screened .
“ My Name is Khan ” stars Shah Rukh Khan as a man with Asperger ’s Syndrome , a form of autism , who is a victim of racial bias in the U.S. in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
The film is one of the most eagerly awaited releases of the year for Bollywood , which is looking to recover from a bad 2009 .
Trade analysts say there is at least 1.2 billion rupees riding on the film and if the Mumbai - Maharashtra circuit is affected , it would affect almost 25 percent of the film ’s cinema revenues in India .
Remember Okun ’s Law ?
Formulated in 1962 by the late Arthur M. Okun , a Yale economist , it was for many years a reliable description of what happened to employment , productivity , hours worked and a few other variables when economic output rose or fell .
In its most famous formulation , Okun ’s Law held that for every 3 percent increase in economic output – above the long - term average growth rate – the unemployment rate fell by one percentage point .
And vice versa in hard times .
The various relationships held up pretty well in the early decades after World War II , when Mr. Okun , who served in the Kennedy administration , was doing his work .
The powerful American economy was a predictable animal , and Okun ’s Law seemed to reflect its steady workings even into the 1990s .
But the economy ai n’t what it used to be , and neither is Okun ’s Law .
Inflation - adjusted gross domestic product , for example , fell by 2.4 percent in 2009 .
Now consider that the long - term tendency of the economy is to grow at an annual rate of 2.5 percent .
That means that the decline last year was 4.9 percent below normal performance .
So , according to Okun ’s Law , the unemployment should have gone from 7.4 percent at the start of the year to 9 percent a year later .
Instead it was 10 percent in December , and not much lower in January .
So Okun ’s Law , a pillar of mainstream economics , is no longer reliable , as Robert Gordon , a Northwestern University economist , explains in a recent paper .
For starters , in a modern recessionary economy employers are quicker to shed workers and cut back hours than Mr. Okun had imagined , and more likely in an upturn to rely on productivity — squeezing more work from existing employees — than to hire new people to meet rising demand .
“ Productivity growth was actually above trend during most of the recession , ” Mr. Gordon wrote .
In addition , corporate managers may have more leverage over labor today than they had in Mr. Okun ’s day .
“ Seeing their compensation collapse with profits and the stock market , ” Mr. Gordon wrote , managers “ cut costs relentlessly . ”
In doing so , they rely on rising productivity to sustain production even as they usher workers out the door , now that employers are relatively less constrained by the union power that helped both to protect workers in Mr. Okun ’s day , and to make employers ’ behavior more predictable .
Okun ’s Law plainly needs a rewrite , and Mr. Gordon offers a rough draft .
He argues , in effect , that if Okun were living today , the job loss factor in his famous formula would be almost twice as great as it was in the 1960s .
“ Labor has always been the prime victim of recessions , ” Mr. Gordon said , “ but now business firms have succeeded in pushing more of the pain onto workers than ever before . ”
The One That Started It All
In the midst of the drunken binge which was the GDC , I learned a few things about the direction of the MMO industry .
None of these things made me particularly happy , even though they were supposed to excite the gaming public .
Essentially , the direction of MMOs in the next few years appears to be heading towards a content - based model - a player experience that closely resembles a rail - shooter .
I 'm not the sort of person who gets particularly excited by marketing pap of any kind , and I 've pointedly rolled my eyes whenever a CCP mouthpiece goes on about ' excellence ' or ' emergence ' .
But that was before I saw what the future would be like without EVE 's ' emergence ' : an endless parade of uninspired WoW - clones and a multiplayer experience that becomes increasingly indistinguishable from single player .
style = " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : right ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href = " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34650
"
title= " " > src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34650 " alt= " " width = " 200 " height = " 125 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " />
As extreme examples , let 's contrast EVE and Star Trek Online .
EVE is the archetypal pvp sandbox ; content is provided in the form of the odd mission , but there is no ' endgame ' save what the playerbase creates in a galactic sandbox .
In STO , content comes from the devs , and when you run out of it , there 's not much else to do .
The problem of the content - based MMOs is obvious ; there is never enough content , the playerbase rebels or quits whenever the content has been exhausted , and continually coming up with new content is extraordinarily expensive in development time and raw capital .
Further , there 's a tension between content production and what I would call ' gameplay improvement ' ; EVE expansions focus on creating new types of gameplay , where a content - based MMO is under tremendous pressure to stay afloat with the latest high - end raid .
Creating new times of gameplay ( putting more sand in the sandbox , as it were ) expands the breadth of the game ; crapping out new raid - equivalents amounts to little more than a desperate race against the content clock .
If you are drowning in capital ( a la Blizzard ) this tension does n't matter , as you can hire enough devs to cover new content and gameplay improvements .
However , 99 % of MMO companies are not Blizzard , and when they try to emulate that behemoth , they fail - and so do their games .
The ill wind from GDC is that ' content ' as a method of MMO gameplay has become the new mantra , the latest in marketing gruel .
The major theme of Star Wars :
The Old Republic is that it simply has thousands of hours of content , with individually scripted and voice acted quests the whole way through .
If this was going to be released as a single player game I 'd be drooling , being a huge fan of all things Star Wars .
But this is a ' massively multiplayer ' game .
Heavily scripted content does n't work well with group play .
When you have your own personal epic arc , an engaging , absorbing tale revolving around your PC - why bother dipping into someone else 's tale that revolves around some other guy ?
This is something that both recent Cryptic MMOs , STO and Champions Online , have had difficulty surmounting .
style= " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : left ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34655 "
title= " " > src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34655 " alt= " " width = " 200 " height = " 125 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " />
Another difference between sandbox games and ' content - based ' games relates to player choice .
Content - heavy games spoon - feed the player an illusion of agency ; their paths have been laid out in exacting detail via the work of their developers , no matter how many ' good or evil ' branching paths you include .
Sandbox games truly allow players to forge their own unique destiny , something the content - heavy games inevitably fail to simulate .
EVE seems to be written off as being unique or anomalous , as if it were some sort of strange Icelandic model the rest of the gaming industry should ignore in favor of trying to create yet another doomed - to - fail WoW clone .
Instead of ignoring the example of EVE , they should be assiduously attempting to emulate it - especially in today 's business climate .
The current business model of the MMO industry is in chaos .
The record of ' traditional ' MMO launches tells the same story , over and over : big launch spike , huge fall in subscriptions inside of a month , a weak plateau and then the plug is pulled .
These companies try to come out with content - focused games intended to emulate the Blizzard story , there is never enough content at launch ( and / or the game just sucks ) , and then eventually someone upstairs realizes that their game will never be WoW and yoink , no more game .
Complicating things is the fact that the subscription model is being impacted by the success of free - to - play games , especially Farmville and Dungeons and Dragons Online .
DDO went from being a miserable failure as a subscription game to having more than a million active players as a F2P .
Yet , plain as day , there is a successful model of creating a new MMO , a model which does n't begin with a huge subscription spike and end with ignominious death .
EVE began as something of a wasteland , with a bare 5000 subscribers .
In its early days , the game was essentially an engine and little more .
Yet the content of the game was created by the players themselves , and this small core continued to grow .
As the profits increased , so too did the size of CCP ; rather than coming out with whatever the equivalent of ' new raids ' would be , CCP focused on expanding the boundaries of their sandbox .
The graph of subscriptions does not lie .
EVE is one of the very few titles enjoying consistent increases in subs and concurrent users , yet it seems the current focus of the industry is to try ever harder at creating a WoW - killer - ignoring the examples of the subscription graphs of those who have tried that before .
style = " margin : 10 px ; border - collapse : collapse ; float : right ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " border = " 1 " >
href = " http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/34654 "
title= " " > src= " http://www.tentonhammer.com/image/view/34654 " alt= " " width = " 200 " height = " 125 "
style= " border : 0 px solid ; width : 200 px ; height : 125 px ; " />
The sad thing about this is that sandbox gameplay as a method of providing player - created end - game content is not difficult to make .
You need a game that allows competition between players at a level of high stakes ; you need to allow players to create their own factions , and you need to have a supportive and clean dev environment .
Yet high stakes competition scares developers - or perhaps their venture capitalist bosses .
Players hate losing , so a high stakes game will always have fewer players than a cuddly WoW title .
Yet sandbox titles also require much less initial investment to create , because by relying on the players to create their own adventures , a sandbox game is n't obliged to create thousands of hours of scripted quests by launch day .
There are a number of sandbox games that people would murder to be able to play - in a cyberpunk setting , in a post - apocalyptic setting .
Even the traditional swords and sorcery fantasy setting has n't been successfully done in a sandbox style since Ultima Online .
Someone make these games , damn it ; you wo n't be able to hit WoW - level profits , but if you try to beat WoW you 'll just fail anyway .
You wo n't make quick riches and see huge initial numbers , but you 'll get grow slowly and steadily - and you wo n't have a tenth of the initial capital outlay of a TOR , STO or WoW .
And if there 's anything that the financial hilarity in the United States has taught us recently , it 's that secure , stable growth trumps attempts at making quick profits any day .
This is inspiring : In 2005 the National Toy Hall of Fame inducted the cardboard box .
“ I think every adult has had that disillusioning experience of picking what they think is a wonderful toy for a child , and then finding the kid playing with the box , ” said chief curator Christopher Bensch .
“ It ’s that empty box full of possibilities that the kids can sense and the adults do n’t always see . ”
In the same spirit , the museum honors alphabet blocks , rocking horses , teddy bears , and jump rope alongside Monopoly , Etch A Sketch , and other registered trademarks .
Among the 44 toys in the hall of fame , the most sophisticated is the Nintendo Game Boy .
The simplest , charmingly , is “ the stick . ”
Better ways than the Olympics to spend $ 6.1 billion
By Dawn Paley & Isaac Oommen , Briarpatch Magazine , January / February 2010
The latest estimate of the cost of the Olympics to be borne by the public is $ 6.1 billion .
This figure includes the expansion of the Sea - to - Sky Highway , the construction of the Richmond - Airport - Vancouver rail link , the expansion of the Vancouver Convention Centre , the construction of an athletes ’ village and various venues , and a ballooning security budget .
The two - week sporting event is set to be the most expensive entertainment spectacle in B.C. ’s history .
As the tab continues to grow , costs that were at first unquestioned are coming under increased scrutiny by journalists , critics and boosters of the Games alike .
To give an idea how the money may have been better spent , Isaac Oommen and Dawn Paley looked into what $ 6.1 billion would buy in five key areas of public policy .
1. Education
Since 2001 , the B.C. Liberals have made substantial cuts to education .
Class sizes have grown , rural schools have shut down , children and teens get less support , and hot lunch programs and after - school activities have been scrapped .
University students have seen their tuition spike while debt forgiveness initiatives have been cancelled .
“ Educators do n’t have enough money to do proper assessments , class sizes are huge , school sports programs have been cut , ” said Marla Renn , a high school teacher active with the Olympic Resistance Network .
“ If there ’s ever an earthquake , many schools do n’t have properly engineered structures to ensure they wo n’t fall down on top of everyone inside . ”
For the cost of the Vancouver - Richmond - Airport rail link ( $ 2.05 billion ) , the province could :
• Carry out complete seismic upgrades to all B.C. schools .
To date , $ 400 million of the total $ 1.5 billion investment necessary to carry out seismic upgrades has been allocated .
( $ 1.1 billion )
• Operate a community college the size of Vancouver Community College , offering 140 programs and serving 25,000 students , for one year .
( $ 100 million )
• Fund the annual operating budget for B.C. School Sports , an organization that coordinates extracurricular sporting activities for B.C. students .
The government cancelled an annual $ 130,000 in funding to the group last fall .
( $ 390,000 )
• Build five new , 1,000 - student secondary schools in B.C. ( $ 250 million )
• Provide every student enrolled in B.C. public schools with a hot lunch every day for one school year .
( $ 421.6 million )
2. Family services
“ We need more family programs , ” and less foster care , said Samantha Sam , an active member of the Power of Women group in Vancouver ’s Downtown Eastside .
There would be fewer children leaving reserves for Vancouver , says Sam , if there were better recreation facilities and programs on reserves .
A Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives ( CCPA ) study released in September 2009 found that one in four single mothers in Canada live in poverty , as do 14 per cent of single elder women and almost one out of every 10 children .
The statistics are much worse for Indigenous women and families .
A full 25 per cent of Indigenous children in Canada are growing up below the poverty line and a staggering 30 per cent are in foster care , according to the Native Women ’s Association of Canada .
For a bit more than the cost of the expansion of the Vancouver Convention Centre ( $ 883 million ) and the construction of the Athletes ’ Village ( $ 1.2 billion ) , the Canadian government could :
• Provide for one year the minimum amount of additional funding First Nations communities across Canada need to safely care for their children in their homes and communities , according to CCPA calculations .
( $ 130 million )
• Introduce a universal child care system across Canada .
According to the CCPA ’s Alternative Federal Budget , funding towards child care provides at least a two - to - one economic return on investment .
( $ 2.2 billion )
3. Housing
“ When they give homes to people , that ’s when I ’ll be happy , ” said Beatrice Starr , a member of the Power of Women group .
“ Not shelters but homes , where they can have their privacy and live like real human beings . ”
The 2008 Metro Vancouver homeless count tallied 2,660 individuals sleeping on the street , representing an increase of over 137 per cent since 2002 .
“ If we spent one billion dollars on housing in Vancouver , we could end street homelessness and make significant upgrades to many of the city ’s aging and decrepit single - room - occupancy hotels , ” said Laura Track , Pivot Legal ’s housing campaign lawyer .
For a little more than the cost of the Sea - to - Sky Highway expansion ( $ 600 million ) , the city or province could :
• Build 3,200 units of housing in Vancouver , according to the Inner Cities Inclusiveness report prepared in 2002 .
( $ 647 million )
4. Community welfare and the arts
Raising welfare rates from their unjustifiably low levels is a requirement for creating a more equitable society .
In addition , programs that improve the lives of all members of our communities have faced serious funding cuts .
Arts programs in B.C. are slated to lose 88 per cent of their funding over the next two years .
Libraries are facing further cuts and some city parks are on the verge of being shut down .
For less than the cost of building the various Olympic venues ( $ 580 million ) , the province could :
• Raise welfare rates by 50 per cent in B.C. ( 2007 data ) for one year ( $ 500 million ) .
Eliminating barriers to accessing welfare would cost an additional $ 200 million .
• Restore core funding for B.C. artists ( $ 17.3 million ) .
• Restore city funding to the Vancouver Public Library and keep the Riley Park Branch of the Vancouver Public Library open ( $ 1.4 million ) .
The Riley Park Branch is marked for closure due to budgeting constraints .
• Restore funding for Literacy BC ’s online programs and coordinators ( $ 1.7 million ) .
“ In 2005 , the province of B.C announced the golden goal of becoming the most literate jurisdiction on the continent , ” said Judy Cavanagh , Executive Director of Literacy BC , in a press release .
“ Just four years later , key literacy funding is being cut . ”
5. Transportation
Thousands of transit riders in Vancouver can attest to the system ’s underfunding .
Pass -ups are common because buses are too full to pick up passengers , many areas lack night service , and travel from the suburbs can be difficult .
“ Metro Vancouver is 500 buses short of what we need today , ” said Ian Bruce of the David Suzuki Foundation .
“ Buses are the workhorses of the public transit system , where 80 per cent of the riders take one bus during their commute . ”
For the minimum cost of the security budget ( $ 900 million ) , Metro Vancouver ’s regional transportation authority could :
• Acquire , operate and maintain 698 new buses , trolleys and community shuttles ( $ 880 million ) .
Such a purchase would bring the city in line with regional plans and greatly improve the quality of bus service in B.C .
The social issues that exist in Canada wo n’t be solved with money alone , but the examples above give an idea of just what could be bought for the cost of the 2010 Olympics .
And as all levels of government continue to scale back social programs while generously funding wars and a two - week circus , anti-capitalist and anti-colonial resistance to the Games continues to grow .
For more than a week , Ria Ramkissoon watched passively as her one - year - old son wasted away , denied food and water because the older woman she lived with said it was God 's will .
Javon Thompson was possessed by an evil spirit , Ramkissoon was told , because he did n't say " Amen " during a mealtime prayer .
Javon did n't talk much , given his age , but he had said " Amen " before , Ramkissoon testified in a US court in Baltimore .
( Left ) Ria Ramkissoon and her son Javon Thompson , ( top right ) Queen Antoinette and ( bottom right ) Trevia Williams .
Credit:AP
On the day Javon died , Ramkissoon was told to " nurture him back to life " .
She mashed up some carrots and tried to feed the boy , but he was no longer able to swallow .
Ramkissoon put her hands on his chest to confirm that his heart had stopped beating .
Ramkissoon and several other people knelt down and prayed that he would rise from the dead .
For weeks afterward , Ramkissoon spent much of her time in a room with her son's emaciated body — talking to him , dancing , even giving him water .
She thought she could bring him back .
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
Bill Black ’s Top Ten Ways to Crack Down on Corporate Financial Crime
24 Corporate Crime Reporter 10 , March 5 , 2010
Ninety - five percent of criminologists study blue collar crime .
Five percent study white collar crime .
Of the tiny minority who study white collar crime , ninety five percent focus on the individuals who rip off the corporation .
We are left with a small handful of criminologists – think Edwin Sutherland , John Braithwaite , Gil Geis – who have studied or are studying – corporate crime .
That would be crime by the corporation .
Bill Black is one of the most prominent of those living corporate criminologists .
His specialty – control fraud .
Control fraud is when the CEO of a company uses the corporation as a weapon to commit fraud .
Bill Black is a lawyer and former federal bank regulator .
He ’s the author of the corporate crime classic – The Best Way to Rob a Bank is to Own One : How Corporate Executives and Politicians Looted the S&L Industry ( University of Texas Press , 2005 . )
Black says there are steps we can take as a society to control corporate crime – in particular financial crime .
In an interview with Corporate Crime Reporter last week , Black laid out his top ten .
Number ten : Hire 1,000 FBI agents .
Pass legislation ( HR 3995 ) introduced by Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur that would fund the hiring of 1,000 FBI agents to investigate white collar crime .
Number nine : Appoint a chief criminologist at each of the financial regulatory agencies .
“ Each agency needs someone who understands white collar crime , ” Black said .
“ If you do n’t understand fraud schemes , if you do n’t understand how accounting is used to run these scams , you will always have a disaster in the making . ”
Number eight : Fix executive compensation .
Black would tie executive bonuses to long term corporate performance .
Number seven : Target the top 100 corporate criminals .
“ We need to do a top 100 priority list – the way it was done in the savings and loan crisis , ” Black said .
“ The FBI , the Justice Department and the regulatory agencies got together and put together a list of top 100 companies to target .
There was a recognition that these were control frauds .
The top executives were using seemingly legitimate savings and loans as their weapons of fraud .
And that is why any serious look will tell you the same thing about this most recent crisis as well .
The criminal justice referral process has collapsed at the agencies . ”
Number six : Regulate first .
“ When you desupervise or deregulate an industry , in fact you are decriminalizing control fraud .
The regulators are the ones who make the bulk of these cases .
I ’m not saying they can do it alone .
In the current crisis , the FBI had no meaningful support from the regulators .
You have regulators denying they were regulators and saying that there could be no fraud because the rating agencies were handing out high ratings .
That kind of naivete is ideologically driven .
You will not have effective prosecution with that kind of regulatory regime . ”
Number five : Bust up the FBI partnership with the Mortgage Bankers Association .
“ Now we have the FBI standing with what it calls its partners – the Mortgage Bankers Association , ” Black said .
“ But the Mortgage Bankers Association – that ’s the trade association of the perps .
So , the FBI is partnering with the perps . ”
“ The result is – we have seen zero prosecutions of the specialty non-prime lenders that caused the crisis , ” Black said .
“ The mortgage bankers are going to position themselves as the victims .
This has been so successful that the FBI now has a mantra .
They are saying there are two kinds of mortgage fraud .
Fraud for profit and fraud for housing .
And neither of them is control fraud .
They have effectively said – control fraud is impossible .
Even though it was the entire story behind the savings and loan crisis , the Enron wave , and the creation of the most recent housing bubble . ”
Number four : Get rid of Ben Bernanke as chair of the Fed .
Replace him with Nobel prize winner Joseph Stiglitz .
“ Ben Bernanke should not have been reappointed as head of the Fed , ” Black said .
“ He was the most senior regulator .
And he was an utter failure .
Under President Bush , he was President of the Council of Economic Advisors .
So , he was a failure as a regulator .
And he was a failure as an economist . ”
Number three : Get rid of too big to fail .
There are about 20 banks that have assets of $ 100 billion or more .
They are considered too big to fail .
“ You do three things , ” Black says .
“ First , you stop them from growing .
Second , you shrink them ( to below $ 20 billion in assets . )
You create the tax and regulatory incentives where they have to shrink below the level where they pose a systemic risk .
And third , you regulate them much more intensively while they are in the process of moving from a systemically dangerous institution to a more leaner , smaller , more efficient , less dangerous institution . ”
Number two : Create a consumer financial protection agency headed by Harvard Law School professor Elizabeth Warren .
“ The sine qua non for success as a regulator is independence , ” Black says .
“ So , it ’s a very bad sign that Congress is moving away from an independent regulator . ”
“ As we speak , news is breaking that they are moving away from housing the regulator at the Treasury Department .
Now they are talking about putting it at the Federal Reserve .
The Fed is an independent regulator .
Unfortunately , it ’s an independent anti-regulator .
I called putting it at the Treasury a sick joke .
Putting it at the Fed is also a sick joke .
They are both recipes for failure . ”
Number one : Fire Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , Office of Thrift Supervision chief John Bowman , Fed chief regulator Patrick Parkinson , and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Chief John Dugan .
“ Tim Geithner was testifying before Congress a couple of years ago , ” Black said .
“ And in response to a question from Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , Geithner said – ‘ I have to stop you right there – I ’ve never been a regulator . ’
Well , that ’s true .
But you are not supposed to admit it . ”
“ Can you imagine .
This is the President of the New York Fed , testifying about the greatest failure in banking in the history of the nation .
And he is so completely out of it – the mindset of capture is so complete , that he says – I ’ve never been a regulator .
This is the ultimate capture .
You do n’t even think of yourself as a regulator . ”
“ Ben Bernanke in October 2009 appointed Patrick Parkinson as the top supervisor at the Fed , ” Black said .
“ He ’s the guy who , under Alan Greenspan , led the Fed charge against Brooksley Born when she wanted to regulate credit default swaps . ”
“ Patrick Parkinson , on behalf of the Fed , testified that credit default swaps should be left completely deregulated . ”
“ The reasons ?
If we regulate them , they will flee to the city of London .
We should be so lucky , of course . ”
“ And two , fraud ca n’t happen in credit default swaps , because the participants are so sophisticated .
This is the most astonishingly naive model of white collar crime by people who know nothing about white collar crime and do n’t study it at all . ”
“ John Dugan ’s sole priority and all of his passion as OCC director has been pre-empting state efforts to protect us from predatory lenders , ” Black said .
“ And John Bowman should be fired , ” Black said .
“ The OTS got in bed with the industry most openly . ”
[ For a complete transcript of the Interview with Bill Black , see 24 Corporate Crime Reporter 10 ( 12 ) , March 8 , 2010 , print edition only . ]
Home
Pretty damn well actually , in just one year President Obama ...
Passed Healthcare Reform ( ending preexisting conditions , giving small business subsidies for providing insurance , Creating 3.2M HC - related jobs over the next 10 years , closing the medicare donut hole in drug coverage , ensuring coverage for all kids up till the age of 26 , covering 32 million americans , expanding medicaid to cover the rest , all while cutting the national debt by a 100 billion dollars ) - Check .
Signed into law Tax Cuts for all middle income families , and 95 % of all Americans - Check
Signed an Arms control agreement with Russia to dismantle nuclear weapons - Check
Reauthorized SCHIP to cover all Children - Check
Saved the entire stock market from collapsing ( from a low point of a dow of 6000 within a month of Obama taking office , to close to 11,000 just an year later , basically preventing millions of retirement accounts from getting wiped out ) - Check
Ended the ban on travel for people with HIV - Check
Stopped the dismissals of homosexual individuals serving in the military by the Pentagon ( It 's the first step to dismantling DA , DT completely ) - Check
Ended the federal crackdown on Medicinal Marijuana centers in CA - Check
Passed into law Mortgage Fraud Protections - Check
Ended the ban on Stem Cell Research - Check
Passed Student Loan Reform , and Used The Savings to Significantly Increase Financial Aid Loans and Grants - Check
Engaged in diplomatic dialogue with Middle Eastern countries , instead of using language like " Axis of Evil " that achieves nothing other than to piss them off some more .
- Check
Passed Credit Card Reform ( Minimizing Predatory Lending , Making the terms of credit cards clear , eliminating arbitrary rate increases ) - Check
Since the passage of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , have had the new job loss numbers from their peak right as Obama took office , go down steadily month after month , every single month like clockwork to the point that finally , this month is going to have job growth in the six figures ( a trend expected to accelerate this whole year ) - Check
Reversed the ban on sending foreign aid to countries with legal abortions ( The Mexico City Policy ) - Check
Signed the Expanded Hate Crimes Bill - Check
Helped stem down employment discrimination by passing the Lilly Ledbetter Act - Check
Extended Unemployment Benefit , helping millions of Americans stave off bankrupcy until the economy recovers - Check
Drew down troops in Iraq for a 2011 withdrawl date - Check
Drew down Gitmo detainees and making prepartations to close it by 2011 - Check
Increased the forces in Afganistan and brought to justice 500 + major Al Queda senior leaders in the past year ( more than the Bush Administration brought in all eight years combined ) - Check
Saved the entire US Auto Industry ( GM and Chrysler ) from going bankrupt thus preventing dozens of major factories and hundreds of dealerships from closing their doors - Check
Saved banks from going bankrupt to the point that they 're profitable again and have now paid back all of government loans and bailout funds in full and with interest - Check
Signed into law , new mileage and emissions standard for cars and suvs - Check
Working on Education Reform and Financial Regulatory Reform so banks can't pull this crap again -
The very next thing on his list
It 's been a hell of a productive first year for him .
He made good on more than 90 % of what he promised while running for election .
I can't think of many presidents who accomplish that much in eight years ( especially on issues as big as healthcare reform ) .
And that 's just what I can remember .
Do you guys have anything to add ?
If you do n't think that list is impressive , here 's a few dozen more accomplishments in his first year that I have n't even had the chance to read all the way thru ...
http://www.politifact.com/...
I would love to see someone in the media compile a more comprehensive version of this list to atleast cover all that this administration has accomplished in the past year and two months .
P.S : When exactly did posters of America 's first Black President painted in White Face become socially acceptable ?
P.P.S : Why do Democrats do such a piss poor job of standing by and talking up their own accomplishments .
The Republicans have no problem sticking to even ridiculous talking points like death panels and accusations of fascism .
But the democrats can't even show a chart of the actual national debt for and spending by President Bush vs. President Obama , a chart of the stock market , or a chart of monthly job losses since the recession started , in 2007 .
Every month , the number of jobs losses had been going up , higher and higher , month after month until a few months into Obama 's term when the taxcuts and the stimulus were implemente into law .
Since then , the job loss number have been steadily going down , month after month , at nearly the exact same rate they went up .
Right till this month when job losses stopped completely , and the economy has finally started to add new jobs again .
The dow jones was at 6000 a year ago .
Now , a year after the bailouts that successfully saved key industries , including the entire US auto industry , on the verge of failure , the dow is back up to 11,000 .
And companies have started reporting profits and have started hiring again .
The stimulus paved the way for the recovery .
Tech | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Mar 5 , 2010 in Star Trek
At first your reaction to myouterspace.com which is a social networking site for sci fi fans might be that it was lifted from the pages of The Onion , but alas this is no parody .
And what breaks my heart is that because J.J. Abrams did n’t give William Shatner a well deserved cameo in the last film is that now he ’s been forced to get involved in second rate projects like this one .
The website pretty much represents everything that Hollywood does n’t get about social networking or web 2.0 :
The site is graphics heavy , filled with video , has Flash animation on every other page , features a convoluted navigation metaphor , and talks down to potential audience members .
And making matters worse the art direction of the site is designed to try to be as Star Trek like without being Star Trek — it ’s as if they had lawyers looking at every screen design to see what they could get away with :
I can already hear “ the pitch ” that they gave for the site : “ Imagine if there was a version of MySpace but aimed at sci fi wannabes ?
We ’ll call it MyOuterSpace ! ”
Fortunately most ideas like this never get off the ground , but I guess somebody knew somebody who still had money in a recession to give away .
Of course I do n’t fault the business thinking which is solid , after all every art and film school ad you see starts off by asking if you ’ve ever dreamed of working on a videogame .
So it does seem logical that you could apply the same sales strategy to sci fi fans .
But typical Hollywood tends to talk down to their audience — and then the execution goes all wrong as you have to pick a planet or starship to go with your profile .
I think this is in part because the film industry is the last bastion of entertainment which has n’t been deeply disrupted by technology , unlike journalism or music which require little money for an entry point .
What I also find sad is that there are fans out there who are doing amazing things with the technology , right now they ’re making short videos on YouTube but my guess is that before long the we ’ll see the next phase of indie cinema coming from this direction .
Mozilla , Video , and Mobile Computing
With Microsoft ’s announcement this week that IE9 will support H.264 HTML5 video , three of the big four browsers — IE , Safari , and Chrome — will soon support H.264 .
The only major browser holdout is Firefox .
1
Mozilla is couching their position in terms of ideals : H.264 is an open industry standard but patent - encumbered and has licensing fees ; Ogg Theora is open , not patent - encumbered , and free of licensing fees .
Brian Crescimanno has written a fine argument that this is a situation where pragmatism should win out over idealism , and that Mozilla should include support for H.264 ( in addition to Ogg Theora ) in Firefox .
As he points out , it ’s not as though Mozilla has never before supported proprietary formats ( e.g. GIF ) .
But Crescimanno ’s best point is that Mozilla ’s support for Ogg Theora is doomed because it ’s technically inferior to H.264 :
People and businesses are willing to embrace free software when it provides an equal or better product than the proprietary alternatives ( see the success of Linux on the server ) .
However , when free software does n’t keep up with the best non-free products , people stay away ( see the lack of success of Linux on the desktop ) .
Simply put , there just are n’t that many people who share the same moral imperative as the Free Software Foundation ; most of them just want it to work .
Put another way , “ open and better ” is a recipe for success ; “ open but worse ” is a recipe for obscurity .
Popular video publishing sites are n’t going to use Ogg Theora instead of H.264 , and I think they ’re very unlikely to support it in addition to H.264 , either .
Encoding and storage are expensive ; supporting both would at least double those costs .
The practical effect of Mozilla ’s current position will not be to drive adoption of Ogg Theora .
What ’s going to happen is that Safari , Chrome , and even IE9 users will be served HTML5 video , and Firefox users will get Flash .
Publishers will support both HTML5 video ( for Safari , Chrome , and IE9 users ) alongside Flash ( for browsers that do n’t support HTML5 and H.264 ) because they already have the Flash video publishing infrastructure in place , and because Flash can be used to publish H.264 - encoded video .
Publishers do n’t have to encode ( and store ) video twice ; they can encode ( and store ) it once and serve it two different ways .
The sites that are the most popular —
YouTube being number one , obviously — would bear the most expense to support an additional encoding format .
It is n’t going to happen .
So , even those using the latest version of Firefox will be treated like they ’re using a legacy browser .
Mozilla ’s intransigence in the name of “ openness ” will result in Firefox users being served video using the closed Flash Player plugin , and behind the scenes the video is likely to be encoded using H.264 anyway .
There ’s another factor that occurred to me recently : mobile computing .
Apple , Google , and Microsoft all seem to view mobile computing as a top - level priority .
H.264 video playback on mobile devices is aided by dedicated H.264 decoding hardware .
That ’s how the iPhone and iPods get such long battery life for video playback .
I believe this is also true for Android devices , and will be true for Windows Phone 7 and Zunes .
Relying on the CPU for video playback simply is n’t practical on mobile devices .
There are no hardware decoding chips for Ogg Theora .
If you want to send video to mobile devices , H.264 is the only practical encoding for the near future .
( I think this explains why Microsoft is throwing its support behind H.264 rather than some proprietary video codec of its own — Microsoft knows a winning position when it sees one . )
Ogg Theora may well be “ good enough ” for desktop computers , but it ’s completely unacceptable for mobile devices .
Mozilla , as an organization , does n’t seem to value mobile computing as a top priority .
Yes , they have mobile initiatives .
But the only platform they have a mobile browser for is Nokia Maemo .
All of you using a Nokia Maemo , please raise your hands .
Crickets .
Compare and contrast with WebKit , which I suspect will soon have more mobile than desktop users .
The needs of mobile computing are driving the adoption of H.264 HTML5 video more than anything else , but Mozilla does n’t feel that pressure because it is n’t a mobile company .
And at this point , “ not a mobile company ” is getting hard to distinguish from “ not a relevant company ” .
2
Several Australian government websites were slowly recovering Wednesday hours after the online prankster group Anonymous unleashed a massive distributed denial - of - service attack to protest the country 's evolution toward internet censorship .
The group , which previously brought down Scientology 's websites has also undertaken a host of other online pranks .
It dubbed the new attack " Operation Titstorm " to protest the government 's move to require the filtering of pornography that uses adult actors if they appear underage .
Violent material targeting children is also to be censored .
Anonymous ' past targets include uncool virtual worlds , an epilepsy message board and a Neo - Nazi webcaster .
The group sent Australian media e-mail messages warning of the attack , the Sydney Morning Herald said .
" No government should have the right to refuse its citizens access to information solely because they perceive it to be unwanted , " the e-mail said .
" The Australian government will learn that one does not mess with our porn .
No one messes with our access to perfectly legal ( or illegal ) content for any reason . "
At one point Thursday , parliament 's website was felled after getting 7.5 million hits a second .
Usually , it receives a few hundred a second .
Flyers seeking recruits for Wednesday 's barrage said the group would follow the service attack with " a shitstorm of porn e-mail , fax spam , black faxes and prank phone calls to government offices . "
See Also :
Teenager jailed for 15 years after using Facebook to blackmail seven students into sex
Jailed : Anthony Stancl
An American teenager has been sentenced to 15 years in jail after posing as a girl on Facebook to blackmail seven classmates into sex .
Anthony Stancl , 19 , of Wisconsin , was accused of tricking more than 30 male classmates into sending him naked photos of themselves .
He then used the photos as blackmail , threatening to post them online unless the students had sex with him .
He forced at least seven of them into some sort of sexual activity with him in encounters that he documented with a mobile phone .
Up to 300 photographs of underage males , some as young as 15 , were found on Stancl 's computer , police said .
He had pleaded to two charges , including the repeated sexual assault of a child .
The investigation began after a 16 - year - old boy told authorities he was being blackmailed into sex acts with Stancl .
The boy , then 15 , had exchanged explicit pictures of himself online with ' Kayla , ' who later threatened to spread his picture throughout the school unless he agreed to the acts with Stancl .
Stancl photographed those encounters , giving him fodder for further blackmail , detectives said .
The boy agreed to at least four sex acts , but when ' Kayla ' asked him for a nude photo of his brother he went to his parents and the police .
Police identified 31 victims , each of whom exchanged nude photographs or videos with someone they thought was a female .
More than half said the person with whom they communicated threatened to release the images unless they agreed to let the person 's male friend perform sex acts on them .
The investigation overlapped with a separate case in which Stancl was accused of writing a bomb threat on a bathroom wall at the school in November 2008 .
He followed it up with an anonymous e-mail to two teachers that said , ' Good luck tomorrow .
Boom .'
Stancl admitted to detectives he sent the e-mail from the public library under a false identity .
A charge of causing a bomb scare was among those dismissed as part of Stancl 's plea agreement .
Stancl showed no emotion yesterday as the sentence was handed down .
He had faced up to 30 years in jail .
Earlier , he told the court that he now empathises with what his victims went through .
It looks as if color screens and Wi-Fi might be the next additions to Amazon ’s Kindle .
Emmanuel Dunand / Getty Images
Last week , Brad Stone and I reported that Amazon had acquired the New York based multitouch screen company Touchco to integrate into Lab126 , the Kindle hardware division .
This move sends one clear message : Amazon is not going to back down from a fight with Apple and its iPad .
But it does leave open a plethora of new questions , one in particular :
Will the next Kindle be solely an e-reader or a full - fledged computer ?
Robert Brunner , founder of the design company Ammunition , worked with Barnes & Noble to create the Nook e-reader and says he believes that the Kindle will actually become two Kindles .
“ I think they are going to have to split their line .
They ca n’t abandon E Ink screens , but they will need to create a color device too , ” said Mr. Brunner .
“ Where it gets interesting is , do they just do a device that ’s a color Kindle or is it a full computer ? ”
One thing is certain , the company is looking at color for its device .
You can take a look at the over 50 job listings on Amazon ’s Lab126 career board and see a range of new positions that suggest more about the next Kindle .
One job opening in particular , for a Hardware Display Manager , tells the applicant that “ you will know the LCD business and key players in the market . ”
The key point here is the word “ LCD , ” which means the Kindle is possibly exploring color ( unless they are hiring an LCD manager to simply gain an understanding of the color - display market ) .
Other job openings include Wi -Fi specialists ( the current Kindle has only a 3G wireless connection ) , and openings for someone to “ lead the software development teams that develop and maintain the applications . ”
The applications division could signal a move to create more apps for the Kindle , or someone who will manage the latest app store developments after Amazon announced a new software development kit was released last month to independent programmers .
But if this is true , and if the next generation of the Kindle will be full color , full multitouch , with Wi -Fi and apps , then what about the operating system ?
There the crystal ball is murkier .
Brian Jepson , a senior editor at O’Reilly Media who programs extensively for Google ’s Android , makes the point that building a operating system to handle multitouch and color on an LCD Kindle might not be the best use of resources and time .
“ It ’s a question of necessary versus new , ” Mr. Jepson said .
Amazon could go through the difficult job of baking touch into their current OS , he said .
“ But is it necessary to do all that when you could just grab the Android OS and use that instead ? ”
Using an existing platform , like Android , that already comes with thousands of applications would allow Amazon to focus on selling content and customer relationships — two areas where they clearly excel .
Mr. Brunner said Amazon should be less concerned with creating something new just for the sake of it and “ rather than just take a book and drop it on the Kindle , they could work with publishers to create content for their device . ”
Robert Fabricant , vice president for creative at Frog Design , believes Amazon could even offer a better experience than Apple when it comes to purchasing content .
“ Part of what Amazon could offer is a device that is a entrance into a store , into a richer experiences for you , ” Mr. Fabricant said .
“ One way to think about it , one of things that seemed backwards about the iPad was that dorky bookshelf that was like something from the mid ’ 90s , ” Mr. Fabricant said .
Amazon does n’t “ just put products on a shelf , they create experiences around the products . ”
Either way , Amazon ’s Kindle team have their work cut out for them as they try to stay relevant as e-readers evolve quickly .
Even for a company that does n’t specialize in hardware , it ’s clearly not over yet .
As Mr. Fabricant put it , “ If people buy a phone from Google , why wo n’t they buy a media device from Amazon . ”
Steve Benen made a really great point about this segment from Meet the Press yesterday .
But if Boehner 's right about this -- and I believe he is -- then why in the world is it incumbent on the Democratic majority to work with Republicans to find " bipartisan " answers to every question ?
If Boehner has no intention of " coming together " with Dems in the middle -- a reasonable , albeit rigid , position -- why must the political establishment maintain the fiction that the governing majority is doing something awful unless they bring the discredited minority on board with every proposal ?
Read on ...
The remarks should make it pretty clear that Republicans have no interest in working with Democrats on finding solutions to pressing policy challenges .
But here 's the thing that so often gets lost in the discourse : Republicans are the minority party , which means it 's their job to oppose the majority 's agenda .
Good question Steve .
If Republicans can't even be honest with their arguments and have to continue with this " most liberal Senator " lie and calling compromised positions " leftist " and have made it crystal clear that they are n't going to work with Democrats , why are the Democrats constantly propping up the minority when they do n't have to ?
Transcript below the fold .
DAVID GREGORY : Well , let 's talk about solving problems .
This is one of the points that the President made , chastising Republicans in terms of coming together to deal constructively with issues .
This is what he said .
PRESIDENT OBAMA ON TAPE :
We 're not gonna be able to do anything about any of these entitlements if what we do is characterize whatever proposals are put out there as , " Well , you know , that 's -- the other party 's bein ' irresponsible .
The other party 's trying to -- hurt -- our senior citizens .
That the other party is doing x , y , z . "
That 's why I say if we 're gonna frame these debates in ways that allow us to solve them , then we can't start off by figurin ' out , A ) who 's to blame , B ) how can we make the American People afraid of the other side ?
GREGORY : And to that point , I mean , even here , you 're talking about -- deficits and debt as far as the eye can see , when you know full well that the President owns a very small percentage , comparatively , of that overall debt as far as the eye can see .
Does he have a point ?
REP .
BOEHNER : No , if you -- if you think about what I said , I was referring to the -- all the President 's policies .
Was n't demonizing him .
Was n't demonizing the White House .
And I 'm usually very careful -- about dealing with the subject at hand .
Listen , there are n't that many places where we can come together .
The President -- is -- he was the most liberal member of the United States Senate .
You do n't get there by accident .
And if you look at the policies that we 've seen over the course of this year from the Administration and -- his Democratic colleagues in Congress -- there are all these leftist proposals .
And the people of Massachusetts , the people of Virginia , the people of New Jersey are sending a pretty loud signal , just like the other 47 states to -- to Washington , saying , " Stop .
This is -- this is way more than we ever want -- wanted Washington to do . "
DAVID GREGORY : Although the President took on this idea of it being leftist policies on health care , indicating that it was in fact a move to the center and cost containment that cost him -- some of the -- the support among -- within his own party .
My question is if you -- you heard the President in the State of the Union that saying no is short term good politics , but it 's not leadership .
You heard the State of the Union .
You heard the President this Friday -- Friday Address .
What are you prepared to say yes to ?
Specifically ?
LEADER JOHN BOEHNER : Leadership is about standing on your -- principle .
And -- and opposing those policies -- that -- that we believe are bad for the country .
But leadership is also standing up and offering what we think is a better solution .
And when it comes to issues like health care , the President did his best -- to blur the differences -- agreeing with us on five or six points .
But did n't refer to the other 100 commissions , boards , mandates therein of government takeover of health care .
DAVID GREGORY : What are a few things that the President could do , maybe you could convene Republicans and Democrats together on CSPAN , as he said he would initially , and acknowledge that it was a mistake that he did not fulfill that promise during the Friday retreat .
Get everybody together .
What are a few things that Republicans could say , " Hey , if these could be included , we could vote for this " ?
LEADER JOHN BOEHNER :
Well , give you an example last year .
I told the President , you know , what -- what we can be with you and when we agree with you , we will stand tall with you .
As we did on Afghanistan .
As we did on Iraq .
As we did on things like -- teacher quality .
And a number of other areas .
But when it comes to -- when it comes to health care -- we could agree on some common sense steps -- to make our health care system work better .
But we are not gonna put the government in charge of people 's health care .
And -- and it -- it 's something that -- is a fundamental difference here .
And most of America has already said no to this big government takeover --
The people who really do represent people with disabilities and special needs increasingly doubt it :
In the past , such as during the Terri Schiavo controversy , disability - rights activists have allied themselves with the religious right , which embraced Palin's " death panel " rhetoric to fight health - care reform .
Yet today most mainstream disability - rights groups are strong supporters of President Obama 's proposed health - care overhaul .
Though many of the disability community 's priorities were excluded from the processleading to some grousing among advocates about Democratsthe various proposals would prevent insurance companies from denying coverage due to pre-existing medical conditions , a common problem for people with disabilities .
The Senate version of the reform plan also contains a provision that would provide states with extra Medicaid funding if they agree to give disabled patients the option of being cared for at home , instead of in institutional settings such as nursing homes and mental - health facilities .
Called the Community Choice Option , it is a top priority for disability activists .
In 2008 , the McCain - Palin campaign opposed a similar piece of legislation , the Community Choice Act , prompting activists from the group ADAPT to storm John McCain 's Senate office , where they were arrested .
But this quote seems to me to be getting closer to the point :
" I do n't think you can have a child with a significant disability and run away from these issues .
Your interest only deepens over time , " said Imparato of the American Association of People with Disabilities .
" It 's the 20th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Let 's take a hard look :
Where are we ?
Why are so many people with disabilities living in poverty ?
Why are the employment numbers not going up ?
Why do we have this use of seclusion and restraints in classrooms ?
" My hope is that Sarah Palin will take this opportunity to really look at and speak about these issues . "
How many mothers who had a child with a significant disability would drag him around " like a loaf of bread " on a book tour as a prop ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Der Weg in die Schweiz führt über die Steueroase Deutschland Wolf Wetzel
Wenn Politiker schlagartig den Rechtsstaat entdecken
Warum bezahlt der Staat 2,5 Millionen Euro für eine CD , die 200 bis 400 Millionen Steuernachzahlungen einbringt und lässt jährlich 30 bis 40 Milliarden Euro auf der Straße liegen ?
Seitdem ein neue Daten - CD mit Kontodaten und - bewegungen der Schweizer Bank Credit Suisse aufgetaucht sind , wird in Deutschland heftig und leidenschaftlich darüber gestritten , ob man illegal beschaffte Daten durch den Staat ankaufen könne , um Steuerhinterziehung zu verfolgen .
Man diskutiert marktwirtschaftlich das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis : 2,5 Millionen Euro Lösegeld für 200 - 400 Millionen Steuermehreinnahmen .
Drunter und drüber geht es in puncto Legalitätsprinzip : Darf sich der Staat krimineller Handlungen und Methoden bedienen , um so in den Besitz von " Beweismitteln " zu gelangen , die schwerwiegende kriminelle Handlung aufklären helfen ?
Wie illegal , wie rechtswidrig darf sich der Staat verhalten , um das Legalitäts - und Rechtsstaatsprinzip durchzusetzen ?
Wenn Datenschützer und Bürgerrechtsgruppen rechtswidrige Praktiken des Staates anprangern , dann ist das nachvollziehbar und ehrenwert .
Sie lehnen rechtswidrige Praktiken des Staates ab , die im Namen der Staatsraison elementare Schutzrechte der Bürger aufgeben bzw .
außer Kraft setzen .
Wenn hingegen der Vorwurf vor allem aus den Reihen der CSU / CDU und FDP kommt , wo es heißt , man ruiniere damit den Rechtsstaat und fördere das Denunziantentum , dann leiden diese Politiker zuallererst an akutem Gedächtnisschwund .
Es ist nämlich Alltagspraxis der Verfolgungsbehörden geworden , " Quellen " , die selbst Straftaten begangen haben , " abzuschöpfen " , V - Männer einzusetzen , die " milieugerechte " Straftaten begehen dürfen , um so an " Zielpersone " und Beweismittel heranzukommen .
Sich " mit Dieben gemein machen " , den Rechtsstaat mit rechtswidrigen Mitteln verteidigen zu wollen , ist diesen CSU / CDU - und FDP - Politiker nur jetzt und ausnahmsweise ein Gräuel .
Wenn also diese Praxis auch auf Fälle der Steuerhinterziehung angewandt wird , dann wird im besten Fall eine Sonderschutzzone für Spitzenverdiener betreten , die ansonsten für tabu erklärt wird .
Der Weg in die " Steueroase " Schweiz führt über die Steueroase Deutschland
Die zweite falsche Fährte führt in die Schweiz , in eins der vielen so genannten Steuerparadiese .
Mit welcher Vehemenz und Täuschungsbereitschaft im Zusammenhang mit " Steuerflucht " auf die Schweiz gezeigt wird , hat hohen Desinformationswert .
Keine Frage : Das Schweizer Steuerrecht ist anders und doch nur die konsequente Fortsetzung dessen , was im vereinten Europa gefeiert wird : Die Privatisierung öffentlicher Güter und die Prekarisierung der Daseinsvorsorge .
Was in der Schweiz möglicherweise speziell ist , ist der Umstand , dass die Mantras von der Eigenverantwortung und Selbstvorsorge auch vor dem Steuerrecht nicht
Halt machen :
Wer sich dort ansässig macht und viel Geld hat , der vereinbart einfach mit den zuständigen Behörden seinen individuellen Steuersatz .
Dass dies neben der Logik des Selbstoptimierung zugleich ein attraktives Angebot im Rahmen der allseits entfesselten Standortpolitik ist , gehört sich so : Das Geld , das Kapital fließt dorthin , wo Menschen ganz " Humankapital " , also geringst möglichster " Kostenfaktor " sind , ergo höchste Renditen garantieren .
Die Schweiz ist darin weder eine Oase , noch eine Insel .
Sie ist in manchen Bereichen ( wie in puncto Steuerrecht ) nur ein leuchtendes Beispiel dafür , was im Namen der Flexibilisierung ( noch ) alles möglich ist .
Man schätzt , dass über 150 Milliarden Euro von deutschen Staatsbürgern in die Schweiz geschafft worden sind .
Diese gigantischen Summen wurden weder zu Fuß , noch mit dem Auto , weder schweißtreibend noch gefahrenvoll über die deutsch - schweizerische Grenze geworfen .
99 Prozent wähl(t ) en den völlig normalen und komfortablen
Weg zu ihrer Hausbank .
Dort beauftragen sie diese damit , ihr Geld spurlos in die Schweiz zu transferieren .
Auf die Betreuung solcher Groß- und Privatkunden haben sich auch deutsche Banken ( wie die Commerzbank und die Deutsche Bank ) spezialisiert .
Gefahrlos offen werben sie mit ihren Family - Office - Angeboten1 für " steuerschonende " Anlagestrategien , zu denen Stiftungen in Liechtenstein genauso zählen wie anonyme Nummerkonten in der Schweiz .
Seit Jahr und Tag ist diese Praxis Gang und Gebe .
Anstatt mit Straf - und Gesetzesverschärfungen diese Formen der Beihilfe zu erschweren , mit mehr Steuerfahndern und Befugnissen diese Form der Kriminalität zu bekämpfen , passiert genau das Gegenteil : Ein Amnestiegesetz jagt das andere .
Mit ministeriellen Amtsverfügungen werden " verfolgungsfreie " Zonen geschaffen .
Hartnäckige Steuerfahnder werden versetzt und psychiatrisiert und spektakuläre Strafverfahren gegen lächerliche Bußgelder eingestellt .
Der Tatort liegt also in Deutschland - und nicht in der Schweiz oder auf den Seychellen .
Beihilfe leisten dazu nicht nur Banken in Deutschland , sondern vor allem Finanzministerien , die selbst die bescheidenen Maßnahmen zur Strafverfolgung behindern bzw .
unterbinden .
All das decken sowohl die zuständigen Landesregierungen als auch die jeweiligen Bundesregierungen , indem sie effektive Steuergesetze unterlassen , während sie auf jedem anderen Gebiet der Strafverfolgung nicht müde werden , Gesetzeslücken zu entdecken und zu schließen .
Um so lauter tönt es über die deutschen Alpen hinweg : Haltet den Dieb !
Bereits 2008 beherrschte der damalige SPD - Finanzminister Steinbrück das Prinzip " Blinker falsch setzen " ausgezeichnet .
Um von der eigenen Beteiligung abzulenken , versetzte sich Peer Steinbrück ins Kindesalter und ließ als Bleichgesicht noch einmal den Wilden Westen aufleben : Beim Treffen der G20 - Finanzminister sagte er dem Vernehmen nach , die Schwarze Liste sei " die siebte Kavallerie in Fort Yuma , die man auch ausreiten lassen kann " .
Sie müsse aber nicht unbedingt ausrücken : " Die Indianer müssen nur wissen , dass es sie gibt . "
2
Das Kavalleriegetöse samt Legen falscher Fährten ist ein gigantisches Ablenkungsmanöver :
Es dient dem Schutz der Steueroase Deutschland - für potente Privat - und Geschäftskunden , die ihren " individuellen Steuersatz " offen ( Schweiz ) oder verdeckt ( Deutschland ) aushandeln können .
Dass die schwarz - gelbe Bundesregierung dieses Kriegsspiel wiederholt , belegt recht eindrucksvoll , dass es in Kernfragen " extralegalen Verhaltens " keine Parteiunterschiede zwischen CSU -CDU-FDP-SPD - Grüne gibt .
Es ist die Fortsetzung der " Großen Koalition " mit anderen Mitteln .
30 - 40 Milliarden Euro jährlich , ganz legal , statt 200 - 400 Millionen Euro auf illegalem Weg ...
Während man gut desinformiert darüber streitet , ob man sich für geschätzte 200 bis 400 Millionen Euro auch mal krimineller Methoden bedienen kann , geht die schlichte Frage völlig im Getöse unter : Warum greift der Staat nicht nach dem Geld , dass nach bestehendem Steuerrecht in Milliarden - Höhe auf der Straße liegt ?
Übereinstimmenden Schätzungen zufolge werden in Deutschland jährlich 30 bis 40 Milliarden Euro an Steuern hinterzogen .
Das Geld liegt buchstäblich vor den Türen der Finanzämter , ohne dass jemand hinausgeht , um es einzusammeln .
Um diese Summe einzutreiben , braucht man keine neuen , schärferen Gesetze .
Man müsste nur die bestehenden konsequent anwenden .
30 bis 40 Milliarden Euro jährlich mehr im Staatshaushalt zu haben , würde jeder Regierung gut tun .
Warum haben alle Regierungen der letzten Jahrzehnte darauf verzichtet , ganz gleich ob es sich um eine CDU - oder SPD - geführte Regierung handelt oder um eine Große Koalition ?
Warum stockt man nicht die Zahl der Steuerfahnder in den Finanzämter um das fünffache um - die einzige Behörde , die ihre Kosten selbst einspielt ?
Die Business - line eines Parallelsystems
Hinter dem Straftatbestand der Steuerhinterziehung verbergen sich zwei unterschiedliche Motive .
Das erste Motive ist schlicht privater Natur .
Bürger , die genug Geld haben , wollen so wenig wie möglich Steuern bezahlen und bedienen sich dabei ihrer Hausbanken , die ihnen " steuerschonende " , " steueroptimierende " Angebote machen .
Diese maßgeschneiderten Angebote sind selbstverständlich - entgegen der irreführenden Verallgemeinerung " Alle machen mit " - nicht für jedermann , sondern für Geschäfts - und Privatkunden ab einem Anlagevermögen von ca. einer Million Euro .
Zu diesem Kundenkreis zählten zum Beispiel der " Bäderkönig " Eduard Zwick oder Ex-Post - Chef Zumwinkel .
Die Empörung über diese unmoralischen " Leistungsträger " ist groß , was gelegentlich den wehrhaften Staat auf den Plan ruft .
Wer erinnert sich nicht an die Bilder , als Zumwinkel in Begleitung der Staatsanwaltschaft aus seiner Villa geführt wurde .
Das sind Bilder , die sich einprägen sollen .
Das märchenhafte Gegenbild zur alltäglichen Erfahrung : Die Kleinen hängt an , die Großen lässt man laufen .
Warum es jedoch bei diesen spektakulären Einzelfällen bleibt , will niemand wirklich erklären .
Denn die konsequente Verfolgung dieser privaten Gier stößt an eine ganz andere Grenze ...
Das illegale Tunnelsystem , durch das Banken Milliarden von Euros ins Ausland schleusen , hat Dual - Use - Charakter :
Es werden eben nicht nur vermögende Privatpersonen durch diese Pipelines gelotst , sie sind ein Abfallprodukt eines kriminellen Systems , das in den meisten Fällen staatstragende , staatsaffine Aufgaben erfüllt .
Wenn zum Beispiel der Siemenskonzern , der zweifellos eine systemische Größe im ökonomischen und politischen Sinne darstellt , Milliarden spurlos ins Ausland transferiert , dann geht es nur ganz beiläufig , geradezu unbeabsichtigt um Steuerhinterziehung .
Diese ist nicht zu vermeiden , aber nicht der eigentliche Grund für diese außerbilanziellen Geschäftsaktivitäten .
Wenn Unternehmen wie Siemens Entscheidungsträger kaufen , durch Bestechungen Milliarden - Aufträge akquirierten , dann lässt sich das schlecht im Geschäftsbericht einpreisen und ausweisen .
Man braucht also schwarze Kassen , aus denen man diese Operationen finanziert .
Geld , das keine nachweisbare Herkunft vorweist , Geld , das nicht zurückverfolgbar ist , Geld , das es nicht gibt .
Auch , wenn die CDU illegale Spenden von Großfirmen und Millionären in einer Stiftung in Liechtenstein anonymisiert , ist ihr eigentliches Motiv nicht Steuerhinterziehung .
Die " Stiftung Zaunkönig " wurde mithilfe von deutschen Banken gegründet , um eine " Kriegskasse " anzulegen , mit dem Ziel , einen schmutzigen und rassistischen Wahlkampf in Hessen ( 1999 ) zu finanzieren , den man ohne diese anonymen Financiers nicht zu gewinnen glaubte .
Kriegskassen der Wirtschafts - und Staatsunternehmen bewegen sich in einer verfolgungsfreien Zone
Ist es nicht auffallend , dass am Ende der meisten Korruptions - und Bestechungsskandale die Einstellung des Verfahrens gegen eine vergleichsweise lächerliche " Buße " in Form von Geldstrafen steht ?
Am Beispiel des größten Korruptionsfalles in der Geschichte des Siemenskonzernes lässt sich dies eindrucksvoll nachzeichnen .
Die Staatsanwaltschaft im München ermittelte seit 2006 gegen den Siemenskonzern :
Nach den bisherigen Erkenntnissen besteht der Verdacht , dass durch diese überwiegend im Bereich der Firmensparte Communications ( COM ) tätigen Personen seit dem Jahre 2002 bis heute Gelder in Höhe von rund 20 Mio.
Euro aus dem Geschäftsbereich der Siemens AG über Tarnfirmen und Off - Shore Gesellschaften und deren Schweizer und liechtensteinischen Konten ausgeschleust wurden .
Eine Woche später konkretisierte die München Staatsanwaltschaft ihre Vorwürfe :
Nach den bisher vorliegenden Erkenntnissen geht die Staatsanwaltschaft davon aus , dass sich die in Untersuchungshaft genommenen Beschuldigten zu einer Bande zusammengeschlossen haben , um fortgesetzt Untreuehandlungen zum Nachteil der Firma Siemens durch die Bildung schwarzer Kassen im Ausland zu begehen .
Drei Jahre später standen die Urteile fest , die nur noch durch die Schlagzeile der Süddeutschen Zeitung übertroffen wurde : " Siemens - erst schwarze Kassen , dann eine gründliche Selbstreinigung . "
3
Mehrere Firmenchefs im Mittelbau wurden wegen Untreue zulasten des Siemenskonzernes zu Geldstrafen verurteilt .
Der Vorwurf der Bestechung wurde nicht weiter verfolgt .
Auch der Banden - Vorwurf , also die Bildung einer kriminellen Vereinigung nach § 129 wurde in aller Stille fallen gelassen .
Kurz zuvor einigte sich der Siemenskonzern mit den US - amerikanischen Verfolgungsbehörden :
Gegen Zahlung von 800 Millionen Dollar ( rund 600 Millionen Euro ) stellen die amerikanischen Behörden ihre Korruptionsermittlungen gegen Siemens ein .
Das hat am Montag Nachmittag deutscher Zeit das Bundesbezirksgericht in Washington gebilligt .
Das Justizministerium und die Börsenaufsicht hatten sich mit dem Elektrokonzern darauf geeinigt , die Strafverfahren gegen ihn auf diese Weise zum Abschluss zu bringen .
Siemens bekannte sich schuldig , zwischen 1999 und 2006 Bestechungszahlungen in Höhe von umgerechnet 1,3 Milliarden Euro geleistet zu haben .
Es ist nicht nur das " Strafmaß " , das fassungslos macht , wenn man bedenkt , dass man für wiederholten Taschendiebstahl in Deutschland drei Jahre Haft bekommen kann .
Der in Deutschland übrig gebliebene und für erwiesen erachtete Straftatbestand der " Untreue zum Nachteil der Firma Siemens " sollte bei jedem Studenten der Betriebswirtschaft einen Lachanfall auslösen : Allen Ernstes will man Glauben machen , dass der Siemenskonzern aus vielen autonomen Zellen bestehe , die führungs - und weisungslos ihren eigenen Geschäften nachgehen !
Mit diesen Urteilen löst sich nicht nur die straffe ( Befehls - ) Hierarchie eines Großunternehmens in Luft auf , sie tragen nicht minder zur fortgesetzten Verschleierung , statt zur Aufklärung bei .
Waffengleichheit oder Waffenbrüderschaft
Selbstverständlich tragen diese Einstellungen einem selbst geschaffenen Umstand Rechnung : Überforderte Staatsanwaltschaften , Steuerfahnder und Richter stehen einem hoch professionellen Apparat aus Anwaltskanzleien gegenüber , denen die Verfolgungsbehörden nichts ebenbürtiges entgegensetzen können .
Doch selbst wenn man dieses strukturelle Manko beseitigen würde , bliebe eine zentrale Frage unbeantwortet :
Wenn von diesem illegalen System all jene profitieren , die politische und ökonomische Macht haben , wenn parteipolitische Kräfte , die im öffentlichen Raum heftige Kontroversen ausfechten und Gegensätze generieren , in diesem System vereint sind , dann stellt sich die Frage :
Wer will , wer kann dieses System auffliegen lassen , wer will es zerschlagen , wenn jene , die dazu per Amt dazu berufen sind , selbst Teil dieses Systems sind ?
( Wolf Wetzel )
NEW YORK —
Here ’s what happens when a business linked to Iran ’s Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps ( I.R.G.C. ) is targeted with sanctions .
A representative of the Revolutionary Guards finds a lawyer in Dubai and says : “ Look , I ’m on this stupid U.S. Treasury list .
I ’ll give you 10 percent .
Help me set up a shell company in Dubai or Malaysia . ”
The Treasury Department enemy list ( “ Specially Designated Nationals ” ) is easy to find .
It ’s at www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/.
Revolutionary Guard tycoons in Tehran know that .
Once they have a new shell company , say in a cousin ’s name , they circumvent the list .
They go on reaping the heady profits open to the in crowd when sanctions distort an economy .
Iran has lived with sanctions for a long time ; its immune systems are highly developed .
As much as 20 percent of the gross national product of Dubai is linked to Iran trade .
I do n’t see new “ targeted ” sanctions disrupting this traffic .
Iran ’s economy , even in a slump , is too big , too diverse and too sophisticated : North Korea it is not .
Still , thanks to Iran ’s erratic response to President Obama ’s overtures and its ongoing nuclear nationalism ( a more coherent political than weapons program ) , the United States finds itself in lockstep toward new sanctions .
As more activists call attention to the activities of The Fellowship , or The Family , the secretive fundamentalist powerhouse whose National Prayer Breakfast ( NPB ) is this Thursday , a group of religious leaders has launched an alternative American Prayer Hour to condemn
The Family ’s role in the kill - the - gays bill pending in the Ugandan parliament .
“ Prayer is a good thing , and Americans ought to gather to pray , but we better be careful what we pray for , ” said the Rt. Rev. V. Gene Robinson , the Ninth Bishop of New Hampshire and the first openly gay bishop in the Episcopal church , speaking at the National Press Club Tuesday morning .
“ We have a duty to confront those who are praying for those things that would break God ’s heart . ”
“ I call upon our president to make himself known to be in opposition not just to the death penalty but to this violation of human rights for all of God ’s children in Uganda and beyond , ” Robinson added .
President Obama is scheduled to speak at the NPB despite calls for him to boycott it .
The religious leaders behind the American Prayer Hour are asking him to take the opportunity to speak out against homophobia and heterosexism , said Harry Knox , the Director of the Religion and Faith Program at the Human Rights Campaign , which is co-sponsoring the events .
Knox is also a member of Obama ’s Office of Faith - Based and Neighborhood Partnerships Advisory Council ( and RD ’s advisory council ) .
Alternative prayer hours are currently scheduled in 17 cities , according to Wayne Besen , executive director of Truth Wins Out , which is coordinating the event .
Speakers at Tuesday morning ’s launch warned that the Ugandan bill would cause a genocide of LGBT people in that nation .
Moses , a gay man from Uganda seeking asylum in the United States , gave a chilling account of the harassment and terror he withstood growing up there — even before the bill , which would not only call for the death penalty and life imprisonment for LGBT people but also require friends and family to turn people suspected of being LGBT over to the authorities .
Moses , who addressed reporters with a paper bag over his head to conceal his identity , spoke of how in Uganda , “ one would rather die than come out of the closet , ” because LGBT people are so terrorized in a culture that portrays homosexuality as “ deviant ” behavior .
He described being beaten at school and living in constant “ fear of rejection , fear of isolation by my family , making my family a laughingstock … fear of losing friends , fear for my life . ”
He experienced a “ constant feeling of shame , ” and ultimately abandoned his studies and lost his job .
LGBT people in Uganda , he said , are routinely denied housing because of fears of “ spreading ” their “ deviant ” behavior .
Moses said that he was raped by a policeman , but feared seeking medical attention because “ if I told health workers they would not give me help .
They would instead report me , and the next day I would hit the headlines in the newspaper . ”
Moses displayed lists of suspected homosexuals published in Ugandan newspapers with headlines like “ Top Homos ” and “ Homo Terror . ”
People lost their jobs and received death threats as a result of their names being published , he said .
Two former evangelical powerbrokers who were familiar with The Family spoke at the press conference : Frank Schaeffer , whose father Francis Schaeffer was a key figure in the religious right , and Bishop Carlton Pearson , whose questioning of the concept of hell several years ago caused all of his evangelical friends to abandon him .
( Pearson , who lived in Oklahoma at the time , started attending National Prayer Breakfasts in the 1970s , at the invitation of now - Senator James Inhofe ( R - OK ) , a key member of The Family . )
Schaeffer condemned Doug Coe ,
The Family ’s leader , for not publicly speaking out against the Uganda bill , adding that “ it is stunning ” that Obama would speak to the group .
( Schaeffer has otherwise been outspoken in his support for Obama , both during the presidential campaign and since he took office . )
Jeff Sharlet has shown that the member of the Ugandan parliament who introduced the bill , David Bahati , is deeply involved in The Family , telling NPR last year :
David Bahati , the man behind this legislation , is really deeply , deeply involved in The Family ’s work in Uganda , that the ethics minister of Uganda , Museveni ’s kind of right - hand man , a guy named Nsaba Buturo , is also helping to organize The Family ’s National Prayer Breakfast .
And here ’s a guy who has been the main force for this Anti-Homosexuality Act in Uganda ’s executive office and has been very vocal about what he ’s doing , in a rather extreme and hateful way .
But these guys are not so much under the influence of The Family .
They are , in Uganda , The Family .
Pearson described The Family ’s agenda as “ to Christianize the world . ”
He said Coe was “ like an icon to us … in the same category as Pat Roberston , Billy Graham … supposed to be a great man of God … it ’s frightening now , when I look at it from the other perspective , what was going on : to gain power and become intoxicated by it . ”
Sharlet has described how The Family sees Jesus as a “ strong man ” and seeks to emulate that .
“ Jesus was the strongest man of all , and if he was alive today , he’d be the greatest quarterback , he’d be the number one CEO , he ’d be the head of General Electric .
When you live in The Family , they sit around and wonder how awesome Jesus would be if he raced NASCAR , ” Sharlet told me in 2008 .
This morning , Robinson said , “ you can talk about Jesus all day , but if you are not doing what Jesus would have you do , then it matters not .
God save us from admirers of Jesus . ”
According to Google Scholar ( in parentheses : total number of on - line articles and books citing the book in question ) :
1. Thomas Kuhn , The Structure of Scientific Revolutions ( 37,197 )
2. John Rawls , A Theory of Justice ( 26,768 )
3. Ronald Dworkin , Taking Rights Seriously ( 7,892 )
4. Ludwig Wittgenstein , Philosophical Investigations ( 7,169 )
5. Karl Popper , Conjectures and Refutations ( 6,516 )
6. Alasdair MacIntyre , After Virtue ( 6,579 )
7. Gilbert Ryle , The Concept of Mind ( 6,356 )
7. John Rawls , Political Liberalism ( 6,352 )
9. Robert Nozick , Anarchy , State , and Utopia ( 6,246 )
9. H.L.A. Hart , The Concept of Law ( 6,212 )
11 . Richard Rorty , Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature ( 5,616 )
12 . John Searle , Speech Acts ( 5,387 )
13 . Jerry Fodor , Modularity of Mind ( 5,050 )
14 . Daniel Dennett , Consciousness Explained ( 4,810 )
15 . Karl Popper , Objective Knowledge ( 4,701 )
Runners - up : Saul Kripke , Naming and Necessity ( 4,535 ) ; W.V.O. Quine , Word and Object ( 4,565 ) ; Paul Feyerabend , Against Method ( 4,420 ) ; Richard Rorty , Contingency , Irony and Solidarity ( 4,011 ) ; Charles Taylor , Sources of the Self ( 3,233 ) ; Jerry Fodor , The Language of Thought ( 3,292 ) ; Carl Hempel , Aspects of Scientific Explanation ( 3,137 ) ; David Chalmers , The Conscious Mind ( 3,065 ) , Daniel Dennett , The Intentional Stance ( 2,985 ) ; Derek Parfit , Reasons and Persons ( 2,972 ) .
Since Google Scholar put law reviews on - line recently , that gives a big advantage to books in political and legal philosophy .
In addition , any philosphical work of interest to psychologists or linguists does very well , since those two disciplines have substantial on - line presences , more so than other fields .
UPDATE : I 'm opening comments , so some of the philosophers with whom I 've been corresponding about how to define what 's included and what 's not , as well as those with other corrections / addenda to the list , can post their thoughts .
Full signature and valid e-mail please !
Nvidia launches its Optimus technology , designed to make switching between integrated and discrete graphics in a laptop seamless .
We explain the technology , test how well it works , and tells you what it means for netbooks and Apple laptops .
.
And there 's no shortage of laptops that have this capability today , including Editors '
Choices like the , , , and .
But using the technology involves too many steps that most users just do n't want to bother with .
Nvidia plans to change all that , with its new Optimus technology .
Laptops with switchable graphics come with both a discrete graphics solution ( for 3D - intensive tasks ) and integrated graphics ( for saving on battery life ) .
The user can switch between the two depending on the task at hand .
Unfortunately , making the switch usually requires a reboot , logging out of your computer , or at the very least , a long screen flicker .
Less than 1 % of users whose laptops have this capability actually make the switch , according to Nvidia .
Fact is , few usage scenarios call for the extra 3D horsepower and faster graphics suck up battery life .
Nvidia , however , may have found a way around all of this .
Optimus , which Nvidia calls its breakthrough technology , will make this graphics switch completely seamless no reboot or logging out of your computer , not even a screen flicker .
Based on what application the laptop is running , Optimus determines when to activate the discrete Nvidia GPU without any user intervention whatsoever .
And there 's a lot at stake here :
Intel 's newest processor technologies for laptops ( codenamed ) and netbooks ( codenamed ) have pretty much kicked Nvidia out of the integrated chipset business the same Nvidia chipsets that can be found in Apple 's current laptops , as well as certain netbooks ( with Ion ) .
Nvidia 's objective with Optimus is to convince Apple , netbook makers , and everyone else that discrete GPUs are still worth having around . 
How Does Optimus Work ?
Optimus is a completely new technology , one that would require next - generation Nvidia graphics cards , new motherboards , and Nvidia software to make the switch between graphics automatic and seamless .
With existing switching graphics technologies , hardware components called multiplexers ( " muxes " ) would handle this switch , taking up valuable space on the motherboard and slowing transition times .
Optimus is less demanding from a hardware standpoint and decides for the user which graphics system yields the best results , by developing an entire software ecosystem around it .
Instead of the user , an Nvidia software driver decides what tasks need more graphics horsepower .
For instance , basic tasks like checking e-mail , installing software , or creating documents are recognized by Optimus as non 3D - intensive .
For these tasks the discrete GPU and all the PCI -e lanes will be turned off .
According to Nvidia , there is no current flowing to the graphics chipset when the discrete GPU is disabled , and thus , battery life would not take a hit .
Conversely , if a 3D game was launched or a Website like Hulu begins playing back high definition clips , the discrete GPU is instantly and automatically enabled .
Determining when the discrete GPU should be utilized is trickier .
Since there 's no longer a way to manually switch graphics systems , Nvidia relies on what it calls Optimus Profiles , similar to how virus definitions are written for malware .
These profiles are written for each application based on their call types .
Certain video playback , for instance , will trigger the switch , as will CUDA - enabled applications , which is based on Nvidia 's proprietary software .
The third and probably the most difficult profiles to create are for 3D games , which , if you think about it , should come natural given Nvidia 's reputation .
Not only does Nvidia have to create a different profile for 3D games like Crysis and World in Conflict , but it also has to create individual ones for basic 2D games like Minesweeper and Solitaire , instructing the discrete GPU to stand down during these scenarios . 
Does Optimus Work ?
Optimus is hardly vaporware .
ASUS is showing its full support for it by launching the , a 15.6 - inch consumer ultra-low voltage - equipped ( CULV ) laptop that runs on Optimus and has two graphics solutions ( an integrated Intel GMA 4500MHD and a discrete Nvidia GeForce G210 M graphics card ) , and several others will debut at a later date .
Nvidia sent over an UL50 Vt - 2B for testing .
For the most part , Optimus does what it promises .
It works without the need to flip a physical switch , change software settings , or sit through a long screen flicker .
There were multiple instances when the Nvidia GPU did n't kick in or shut down when it should have , but the overall experience was pretty seamless .
Nvidia even provided a downloadable tool that indicated whether the Nvidia GPU is on or off during each task .
I tested video playback thoroughly , using various video formats that were encoded at high bit rates .
Playing back high definition videos can harness the power of a discrete GPU ; but while H.264 clips ( 720 p and 1080p ) activated the discrete Nvidia GPU , WMV ( 720 p and 1080 p ) videos did not ( they played back fine with Intel 's integrated chipset , though ) .
And as expected , other tasks like DVD playback and standard definition ( 480 p ) video playback did not activate the discrete Nvidia GPU .
Optimus also detects sites that can take advantage of Adobe 's Flash 10.1 , like .
The switching experience was n't perfect , though .
Just idling on YouTube 's homepage , for example , would occasionally turn on the Nvidia GPU .
Meanwhile , Optimus failed to turn the GPU off when standard definition clips were playing in several instances .
Most of the time , though , Optimus made the appropriate call , whether it 's a Flash 10.1 - heavy Website or a text - only one like Craigslist .
Games worked flawlessly as well , at least with the ones I used for testing .
Of course , there are many more games that I have n't tried out yet and probably as many that do n't have Optimus profiles yet ( Nvidia will continuously update these profiles and automatically download them to the laptop , though ) .
With games like Crysis and World in Conflict , the discrete Nvidia GPU was activated as soon as the game launched .
Even 2D games like World of Warcraft and Spore were able to trigger the discrete Nvidia GPU .
Basic games like Minesweeper and Solitaire , on the other hand , ran on Intel 's integrated graphics .
Battery life is arguably the most important indicator for Optimus , given that discrete GPUs are not battery - friendly .
With a battery test like MobileMark 2007 , the suite is made up entirely of office productivity applications , so Nvidia 's GPU did n't get called into action .
Thus , battery scores were very respectable at 7 hours 55 minutes .
Running down the battery using HD videos from Hulu , however , will likely result in shorter battery spans . 
Final Word
Nvidia 's Optimus will be well - received among laptop makers who are already using switching graphics technology in their products .
It makes the graphics switch completely seamless as long as the manufacturers are willing to adopt new motherboards and Nvidia 's latest graphics cards that support Optimus ( so far , that number includes the Geforce 200 M series , the 300 M series , and the upcoming Fermi cards ) .
More intriguing is what will happen to laptops that run on Nvidia 's integrated platform only , namely the Apple MacBook , , , and Ion - based netbooks .
These laptops have no choice but to move to Intel 's new processors , where integrated graphics is bundled into the processor package .
In other words , Nvidia will have to make a strong case as to why these particular models should use both an Intel chipset and an Nvidia discrete GPU .
And Optimus will no doubt be a key selling point .
Other retailers find it offensive on its face that they should have to offer a discount to people who use United States legal tender .
How , they ask , did we come to a point where anyone would even be bold enough to suggest something so outrageous ?
Besides , it makes little sense to hand over money to people who are already paying cash without knowing how many card users will join them , if any .
Then , there are the rules in some states that require retailers to display both the cash and credit price on every single item .
That might work for a gas station but be expensive for a big - box retailer .
John Rydman , co-owner of the Spec ’s chain of wine and liquor stores in Texas , offers a 5 percent discount to customers who use cash or punch in their PINs when using their debit cards .
He decided to mark every item in the store with two prices , even though the state did n’t require it .
“ We do it for the ease of the customer , because they ca n’t do the math generally , ” he said .
You ’d think his largess would satisfy every customer , but it does not .
“ Some people do n’t get it and do n’t like it , ” he said .
“ They ’re mad that nobody else does this to them . ”
Indeed , this is the problem that gas stations can face , according to Jeff Lenard , a spokesman for NACS , an industry group that represents convenience stores and gas stations .
If they introduce a cash discount , many card - using customers will drive on by , assuming that the station owner has in reality simply raised prices for people swiping plastic .
If the station owner then capitulates and establishes a single price again , cash customers who were getting a deal before now think prices have gone up again , and they , too , find another place to fuel up .
Life might be simpler and more efficient if retailers could levy a surcharge that covers their costs to accept cards and let consumers figure out whether to pay it .
But the card companies do n’t allow that , and Congress has n’t yet forced their hand , though this is now how things work in Australia ( where some retailers charge excessive fees , alas ) .
So what ’s an American consumer to do in the meantime ?
For help answering that , I turned to Dave Hanson .
Mr. Hanson , a Spokane , Wash. , resident , is one of the savviest card users I know .
He also happens to have studied philosophy in graduate school at the University of Chicago and taught applied ethics at Gonzaga University .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
01/20/2010
While you were busy not even slightly altering Catholics ' rights ....
by Jeremy Hooper
Want to be annoyed about the New Jersey marriage vote all over again ?
Well here , go read the Catholic Church 's self back - patting :
For months the New Jersey bishops and their lobbying arm , the New Jersey Catholic Conference , spoke out against the same - sex marriage legislation from the pulpit , in press releases , in statehouse testimony , and through more than 150,000 signatories on a petition against the measure .
The bishops also designated Sunday , Nov. 29 , 2009 , as a “ day of prayer for the vocation and sacrament of marriage , ” saying that “ society faces serious challenges ” from proposed same - sex marriage legislation “ that would change the definition of marriage as a union of one man and one woman . ”
Church lobbying effective in NJ same - sex marriage debate [ National Catholic Reporter ]
Now , it 's debatable how much of a role the church really played , since most everyone in NJ seems to agree that if Corzine had won , the marriage bill would have passed no matter what .
But whether or not they were a deciding factor does n't even matter so much to us :
The point is that they think it 's their right to play this role in limiting CIVIL rights !
What is it going to take to ( a ) get churches to drop their arrogance on this issue , and ( b ) get a broad coalition of Americans to speak out against these kinds of threats to church / state separation ?!
Do we live in a country where all faiths are respected ( including none at all ) , or do we not ?
Well , as long as tax - paying citizens ' lives are being hampered by tithes - paying parishioners ' personal agendas , the answer is the latter .
Your thoughts
As a law - abiding , taxpaying , gay , American Christian , the Catholic Church is taking away my religious liberty .
By not allowing me to freely exercise my religious belief that same - sex marriage is okay and by forcing me to live under a law based on the sin of homophobia , they are submitting me to religious tyranny .
Moreover , their own rules require that they respect and love gay people .
Taking away my civil rights is neither love nor respect , no matter how much the Catholic Church tries to redefine morality and convince us it is .
Thus , they are violating the Constitution , Jesus ' commandments and their own rules -- all at once !
Posted by : Michael | Jan 20 , 2010 10:26:04 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Rush expected to perform at Winter Olympics opening ceremony
[ McLachlan , Bryan Adams , Rush among artists expected at opening ceremonies ]
UPDATE - 2/13@12:32 AM : Well , obviously no Rush tonight .
Notice how the show was themed around the different provinces of Canada moving from east to west ?
Also notice how Ontario and the Great Lakes region were skipped over ?
What I 'm now hearing is that this portion of the show was scrubbed due to the nature of today 's tragic events .
Apparently it had a full rock and roll metropolitan vibe to it and was cut for sensitivity .
The word is now that Rush may tentatively play at the closing ceremony .
Sorry everybody - I 'm as pissed off as you are .
UPDATE - 2/12@6:58 PM : BBC America showed Alex and Geddy at BC
Place not long ago and said
We have been informed Rush are to perform sometime tonight with their 70s classic hit Closer To The Heart ( thanks Sean ) .
Not sure if that means they are n't going to play YYZ or if they 'll play both songs .
UPDATE - 2/12@11:52 AM : I also just learned that they may be playing Closer to the Heart tonight as well . :)
A week ago rumors started flying around that Rush would be performing at the 2010 Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Vancouver tomorrow .
Dress rehearsals have been taking place all this week and according to this release from the Canadian Press , Rush is indeed expected to perform :
In an age where news travels as fast as a sled hurtling down a skeleton track , the sustained secrecy surrounding Friday 's opening ceremonies at the Vancouver Games is an Olympic feat in of itself .
Only in the past few days have small amounts of information dribbled out as Twitter - happy fans have leaked rehearsal information .
Recent reports indicate that Bryan Adams and Sarah McLachlan have been spotted rehearsing for the show .
Meanwhile , Rush and 16 - year - old Montreal jazz singer Nikki Yanofsky also seem to be involved .
A publicist for the veteran Toronto rock trio and Yanofsky herself both responded to questions from The Canadian Press with no-comments , citing non-disclosure agreements .
" NDA , non-disclosure , we 're not allowed to say anything , " Yanofsky said when asked if she would perform .
...
I think this all but confirms it .
My sources inform me that they 'll be playing a version of YYZ as part of a larger performance showcasing Canadian music .
The opening ceremony will air on NBC beginning at 7:30 PM EST tomorrow evening .
Thanks to Christopher F for the heads up .
heic1003 — Photo Release
Saturn 's aurorae offer stunning double show
Researchers using the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope recently took advantage of a rare opportunity to record Saturn when its rings are edge - on , resulting in a unique movie featuring both of the giant planet 's poles .
Saturn is only in this position every 15 years and this favourable orientation has allowed a sustained study of Saturn ’s almost symmetric northern and southern lights .
An enormous and grand ringed planet , Saturn is certainly one of the most intriguing bodies orbiting the Sun .
Hubble has now taken a fresh look at the fluttering aurorae that light up both of Saturn 's poles .
It takes Saturn almost thirty years to orbit the Sun , with the opportunity to image both of its poles occurring only twice in that period .
Hubble has been snapping pictures of the planet at different angles since the beginning of the mission in 1990 , but 2009 brought a unique chance for Hubble to image Saturn with the rings edge - on and both poles in view .
At the same time Saturn was approaching its equinox so both poles were equally illuminated by the Sun 's rays [ 1 ] .
These recent observations go well beyond just a still image and have allowed researchers to monitor the behaviour of both Saturn 's poles in the same shot over a sustained period of time .
The movie they created from the data , collected over several days during January and March 2009 , has aided astronomers studying both Saturn 's northern and southern aurorae .
Given the rarity of such an event , this new footage will likely be the last and best equinox movie that Hubble captures of our planetary neighbour .
Despite its remoteness , the Sun 's influence is still felt by Saturn .
The Sun constantly emits particles that reach all the planets of the Solar System as the solar wind .
When this electrically charged stream gets close to a planet with a magnetic field , like Saturn or the Earth , the field traps the particles , bouncing them back and forth between its two poles .
A natural consequence of the shape of the planet 's magnetic field , a series of invisible " traffic lanes " exist between the two poles along which the electrically charged particles are confined as they oscillate between the poles .
The magnetic field is stronger at the poles and the particles tend to concentrate there , where they interact with atoms in the upper layers of the atmosphere , creating aurorae , the familiar glow that the inhabitants of the Earth ’s polar regions know as the northern and southern lights .
At first glance the light show of Saturn 's aurorae appears symmetric at the two poles .
However , analysing the new data in greater detail , astronomers have discovered some subtle differences between the northern and southern aurorae , which reveal important information about Saturn 's magnetic field .
The northern auroral oval is slightly smaller and more intense than the southern one , implying that Saturn 's magnetic field is not equally distributed across the planet ; it is slightly uneven and stronger in the north than the south .
As a result , the electrically charged particles in the north are accelerated to higher energies as they are fired toward the atmosphere than those in the south .
This confirms a previous result obtained by the space probe Cassini , in orbit around the ringed planet since 2004 .
Notes
[ 1 ]
The equinox identifies one of the two moments during a planet 's journey around the Sun when the light rays coming from the star are perpendicular to the planet 's equator .
On Earth , we are familiar with the spring and autumn equinoxes , two special dates in the calendar when day and night have the same length everywhere on the globe .
Just like equinoxes on Earth , which occur twice in a yearly orbit , Saturn also has two equinoxes per orbit .
However , Saturn takes almost 30 Earth years to orbit the Sun , thus experiencing an equinox every 15 of our years .
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA .
Contacts
Colleen Sharkey
Hubble / ESA
Garching , Germany
Tel : +49 89 3200 6306
Cell : +49 151 153 73591
Email : csharkey@eso.org
Jonathan Nichols
University of Leicester
Physics and Astronomy Department
Tel : +44-116-252-5049
Email : jdn@ion.le.ac.uk
“ If DISPLAX can do this for larger displays , it will really be one of the first companies to do what we call massive multitouch ! ”
Last Wednesday evening at Skateland in Savoy , roller derby athlete Liz Lerner explained to me what her sport means to her : " We all have our day jobs .
I 'm a grad student and I work two part - time jobs .
And I 'm married , and I 'm an aunt , and I have a dog .
But to have this kind of outlet that you get to go to ... it 's great .
It 's an aggressive sport , and you can get a lot of things out .
You can step away from your everyday life . "
Lerner 's team , Twin City Derby Girls , is an all - female roller derby team that hopes to eventually compete against other teams and raise money for nonprofits .
Membership is around ten women right now , but the group hopes to eventually have as many as twenty — enough for two separate five - person teams , including alternates .
The team came together when one of its current members brought up the idea to some friends , " and from there we kind of evolved , " explained Lerner .
" Some of the girls hung out together and had a regular networking happy hour . "
The team began official practices a few weeks ago .
Going into these first skating sessions , motivations and athletic experiences varied widely among the different members .
Lerner , who has played coed soccer in the past , said of her own start with the team , " I was n't seeking out roller derby .
I was looking to meet more people , and I love being active .
I found this great group of girls , and I thought — roller derby , why not ?
It 's a pretty cool sport , but when we started , I did n't even really know how to skate !
I 'd been to probably three middle school horrible , skate / dance type things .
But I 'm improving ; it 's an evolution . "
In flat track roller derby , the type of roller derby Twin City Derby Girls play , two teams compete against each other .
Offense and defense are played at the same time .
There are five skaters per team .
One skater per team is designated as a " jammer , " and they 're the ones who score points .
They can be distinguished by the stars on their helmets .
When a referee blows a whistle , the jammers have a two - minute period of time called a " jam " to fight their way through the opposing team ahead of them , who try to block them .
If and when the jammers fight their way through the pack , they can start scoring points by lapping skaters on the opposing team .
30 seconds after a jam ends , another begins .
Players use their shoulders , elbows , and butts to block .
Penalties are given for illegal blocks and unsportsman - like conduct .
It 's a high - speed , adrenaline - pumping contact sport , to say the least .
The team recently went on a road trip upstate to check out the Rockford Rage Bout ( a bout is the term for a roller derby match ) — the kind of bout they hope to host themselves eventually at Skateland — and came back from the adventure even more pumped .
Lerner said , " It 's so unique , and it 's kind of addicting .
When we went to our first bout up in Rockford , and it was just really inspiring to see these really tight groups of women who just really kicked ass at a sport .
You wanted to be those women . "
When Lerner told her father that she was getting into roller derby , his reaction was , " Roller derby ?
You know , it 's like professional wrestling , where they decide who 's going to win beforehand . "
But dad was wrong — it 's a very legitimate sport where the outcome is not predetermined or staged .
" That 's not to say that there is n't a strong element of camp and showmanship to roller derby .
Roller derby began at least as early as the 1920's , and has been played professionally — with varying degrees of success and popularity — since then .
However , most bouts these days are grassroots and amateur , and , as such , skaters control their own images .
Teams are almost always entirely female and theatrics are part of the fun .
Skaters take on " derby names " .
Lerner explained , " There 's something cool about picking your derby name .
It 's kind of your alter ego . "
She started out thinking that Tin Lizzy might be a good derby name for herself , but after checking the International Rollergirls ' Master Roster website , she learned that the name was already taken .
As with race horses , it 's not good for different skaters to have the same name .
So she settled on the name Hips Don't Lie , which is hers alone , the inspiration being that , " I think I have a set of hips that could help me out in this sport of derby . "
Not only do individual skaters take on derby names , but teams develop their own individual themes , where skaters dress accordingly .
One U.S. team ( derby is an international sport ) skates with an Alice In Wonderland theme , while other organizations take more adult ones : for instance , another U.S. team has a dominatrix theme .
As of now , the Twin City Derby Girls are themeless .
Lerner said that — while she can't speak for her whole team — she thinks the Twin City Derby Girls will keep it clean when they finally decide : " It will probably come out when we start doing bouts .
I was thinking something farming related , because of where we 're from .
But I do n't think that 's going to work out , because none of us actually have farm careers , that I know of .
I just ca n't say yet ... "
Of the group 's vision for their role in the greater Champaign - Urbana picture in general , she said , " I 'd really like it to be something the community looks forward to .
I 'd love to see a packed house when we eventually have our bouts .
It 's a family event .
We 've all had so much fun with the roller derby so far , that we want it to be something positive for the community . "
Interestingly enough , Twin City Derby Girls are n't the only emerging roller derby organization around town .
In recent months , another team , C - U Rollers , has also started practicing and preparing for bouts , changing the local derby scene from nonexistent to one where there 's two all - female groups in Champaign County .
Lerner said that , at one point , women from both of what became the two separate groups attended the same organizational sessions .
However , the C - U Rollers were getting together at the time for their meetings in Rantoul and some of the Champaign - Urbana women did n't want to commute that far .
So , they started to do their own thing .
She denied any bad blood between the two teams : " I would n't say that we 're in opposition .
I think that it 's cool that there are two leagues , and I think that it 's going to be really good in terms of raising awareness of roller derby . "
However , when the other closest competition is as far away as Chicago , Rockford , and Indianapolis , bouts between the two C - U organizations seem not only inevitable , but something Twin City Derby Girls are looking forward to .
Lerner said of the possibility of future contests , " That 's the hope .
To be a registered in a derby league , you have to have four bouts a season , and I 'm sure — out of those four — we'd go against them .
That would be a lot of fun . "
Any Twin City Derby Girls bouts , local or otherwise , are still some time away .
" When we 've talked to other teams around the country , they 've said that you need at least six months for your team to really gel , " Lerner said .
There are a lot of reasons why putting together a derby team can't be rushed , not least of which is the dangerous nature of the sport .
Skaters are injured frequently even with the best of training and teamwork .
Twin City Derby Girls , like most derby teams in — or seeking to be in — a registered derby league , require that all their members carry health insurance .
So far , just in practices alone , Twin City Derby Girls have had one girl fracture a wrist and there have been numerous cuts and scrapes .
In the practice I observed , one girl did something painful to her hamstring and another took a spectacular wipe - out — and I did n't even watch that long .
When questioned about the risk , Lerner elaborated , " The possibility of injury is n't all that appealing , but I like that there 's a little bit of danger . "
Like most derby teams , Twin City Derby Girls wear helmets , wrist guards , elbow and knee pads , and — for the bouts , at least — mouth guards .
She said that , for her , hitting the rink for the first time wearing the protective equipment gave her a lot of confidence and made her a less timid skater .
As far as the frequent bruises , aches , pains ( and worse ) that come with the sport , she agreed that — while masochism is a little too extreme a word — there 's definitely a thrill - seeking component : you only gain what you risk and the possibility of pain is part of that .
According to her , while roller derby is inarguably dangerous , unnecessary roughness is n't what the sport is really all about these days : " There are all kinds of misconceptions from the 60's and 70's that you get in fistfights and throw elbows and all that , but when it comes down to the rules , none of that is allowed .
You can knock the other player out just by using your hips and your lower body .
It 's not as intimidating as some women think it is . "
So who are these derby girls ?
For the most part , they are in their twenties and thirties , although there is one woman in her forties .
Lerner explained that there 's no definitive or required type of day job , and that girls from all walks of life are welcome .
Currently , the team includes a sex educator , a public health employee , an engineering grad student , and a professor .
Team member Amber Carmer stressed that , while you have to be at least 21 to join , there is no upper age limit and older women are encouraged to join .
Lerner said that the group is recruiting , and women who think they might not be the right " type " should think again .
She feels that there is a common misconception that derby girls always have physically intimidating body types and hardcore looks and personalities to match : " You do n't have to have tattoos ; you do n't have to have piercings .
You do n't have to be a smaller girl or a bigger girl .
It 's just the attitude that counts .
To women who are considering joining Twin City Derby Girls , she said , " You do n't have to try out .
If you want to be part of this , and you have a good attitude , we 're all for it .
We 'll show you the ropes of how derby is played . "
Moreover , women who do n't want to skate but still want to help can do so from rinkside : " If there are women out there who think contact is n't for them , they can help out in another way . "
Men are encouraged to pitch in as well .
She said , " We need guys .
We need refs , we need scorekeepers .
We need help setting up — we need all the help we can get . "
In general , she said , significant others of all flavors have been cool about what their derby girls are doing .
One boyfriend has volunteered to referee , which is a highly skilled job ; another is helping out with driving duties .
She said of her own hubby , " My husband is in the military .
He 's deployed right now .
He 's very supportive , but he 's like , ' I 'll believe it when I see it . ' "
Currently , the Twin City Derby Girls are paying their own expenses , but they hope to one day raise enough to be able to meet costs and give to deserving organizations .
The team has n't picked a charity yet for the money they hope to raise through bouts and other events , but Lerner said , " We 'll probably stick with some kind of women 's nonprofit . "
For now , raising money is more an obstacle than figuring out to whom to give it to .
The team practices and plans to hold their bouts at Skateland .
Lerner said , " The owners of Skateland have been great and willing to help .
They actually have a speed skating practice that a few of us have been going to on Sundays . "
Overall , Lerner feels that things are " rolling " along pretty much according to schedule .
Her state of the derby girls assessment was as follows : " We 're finding that as a team , we 're getting closer , and we 're progressing as individuals .
You start out kind of in this humbled state , like ' Oh I 'm bad on these skates ' , but you grow and grow and you form these friendships .
It 's just kind of about empowering women , I think .
That 's kind of our thing . "
When questioned about the existence of any larger statement the group may be trying to make , she said , " It 's about empowering women , raising money for nonprofits , and having fun . "
If you want to support Twin City Derby Girls , the group is hosting their " Talk Derby to Me " fundraiser at Boltini 's tonight , February 3rd , 2010 , from 5:30 pm to 7:30 pm .
They encourage anyone to come out and give a suggested donation of $ 5.00 " for a select variety of complimentary appetizers , " and to " have a cocktail , meet the Twin City Derby Girls , and learn about the all - female sport rolling into Champaign . "
Home
»
Series
»
The Science Studio
»
The Greatest Show on Earth
to see this player .
Get the Flash Player to see this player .
Loading the player ...
The Greatest Show on Earth A conversation with Richard Dawkins Run Time : 1 hours 02 minutes Speakers : Richard Dawkins Topics : DOWNLOAD Audio : 490.mp3
* Apologies for the technical difficulties .
The camera was kinder to the Scripps Pier ( which is rather lovely ) than it was to Bingham or Dawkins . *
Richard Dawkins , an evolutionary theorist who , until his retirement in 2008 , was the inaugural holder of the Charles Simonyi Chair in the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University , has popularized the gene - centered view of evolution and theory of memetics .
His many books include The Selfish Gene , The Blind Watchmaker , The New York Times best seller The God Delusion , and most recently The Greatest Show on Earth : The Evidence for Evolution .
If you have n’t had a chance to watch one of the best TV shows of all time ( personal opinion ) , set your Tivos and Comcast DVRs to Science Channel for an early - morning Catch It Keep
It marathon .
Starting at 6 am EST , you can see all ten episodes of the phenomenal first season back to back .
Watch as Zach and I torment three hopeful builders by dangling their prize in front of a myriad of massive and massively destructive mechanisms .
Lots of great engineering , physics , science and smashing demonstrations done in fun ways .
Rooftop ramps , flying cars , thermite , steam rollers and more !
And if you miss it here , you can always catch it via iTunes or Amazon .
President Barack Obama ’s message to banks on Thursday was simple .
“ We want our money back , ” he said , during “ a brief appearance with advisers at the White House , ” the Associated Press reports .
“ We are already hearing a hue and cry from Wall Street , suggesting that this proposed fee is not only unwelcome but unfair , that by some twisted logic , it is more appropriate for the American people to bear the cost of the bailout rather than the industry that benefited from it , even though these executives are out there giving themselves huge bonuses , ” Obama said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The president continued , “ What I ’d say to these executives is this : Instead of setting a phalanx of lobbyists to fight this proposal or employing an army of lawyers and accountants to help evade the fee , I ’d suggest you might want to consider simply meeting your responsibility , ” Obama said .
Original AFP report follows
President Barack Obama will Thursday unveil a 90 billion dollar fee on 50 top finance firms to recoup taxpayer dollars used to bail out Wall Street , which is blamed for igniting the economic crisis .
The proposal , to be included in Obama ’s next budget , will be rolled out as many of the firms rescued by public funds gear up to announce huge bonus payouts to top executives at a time of economic misery and high unemployment .
The scheme is designed to raise 90 billion dollars over 10 years for the public finances , a senior US official said on condition of anonymity .
Obama is determined to prevent Wall Street firms going back to business as usual and resuming high - risk lending practices and huge bets on mortgages and other instruments he blames for igniting the financial crisis .
ADVERTISEMENT
The title of the initiative , the “ Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee , ” makes it clear the administration is placing blame on the financial industry for the worst economic meltdown since the 1930s Great Depression .
Yet Valerie Jarrett , a senior adviser to the president , insisted that “ we ’re not trying to pick a fight ” with banks .
“ It ’s a very solid solution to make sure taxpayers are made whole , ” she told MSNBC television .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration has repeatedly said it will try to recoup the full cost of the 700 - billion - dollar Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) which was also used to bail out crippled automakers .
A senior US official said the program , which has seen some money already paid back , would now effectively leave the government around 117 billion dollars out of pocket .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It is in many ways offensive for those at our major financial institutions to suggest they can today afford excessive , often outlandish bonuses for their top executives ” but cannot repay taxpayers , the official said .
“ We feel this is a workable fee , we feel it supports the goal of putting greater burdens and less incentives to excessive size and excessive leverage . ”
But the Financial Services Roundtable , which represents 100 top financial services firms , said the fee was a “ strictly political . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Two - thirds of the TARP investment from banks has already been repaid with a large profit to the taxpayer , ” said the Roundtable ’s President and CEO Steve Bartlett .
“ This proposed tax will do nothing more than stifle economic recovery and encumber more pressing concerns , such as covering new regulatory costs . ”
The administration ’s proposal , which requires congressional approval , will apply only to firms with over 50 billion dollars in assets , according to the official .
It will cover around 50 firms , including 35 that are US - based and 10 to 15 which are US subsidies of foreign companies .
It will last 10 years or as long as necessary to recoup losses under TARP , the official said .
ADVERTISEMENT
No small or community banks will be covered by the plan , the official said , adding that the scheme was being put together in such a way as to prevent the firms passing on the costs to consumers .
Even though auto firms General Motors and Chrysler also got money from the TARP fund , they will not have to pay the fee , the official added , warning financial firms not to make an issue of that omission .
In addition , not all the firms that will be targeted by the fee actually received TARP funds .
“ I do n’t think that it would be wise for them to try to suggest that living up to the letter of the law is somehow an unfair burden on them , ” the official said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The cost of the fee levied on the financial firms will be assessed according to a formula looking at their liabilities , total assets and equity and tier - one capital .
A bank fee may help the White House channel public anger over big bonus payments on Wall Street , as Americans face the reality of 10 percent unemployment and a slow economic recovery .
According to a Treasury report to Congress published on Monday , the government had committed 545 billion dollars of TARP funds as of January 6 .
Of that figure , 372 billion dollars have been disbursed .
Banks have already repaid 165.18 billion dollars of those funds , leaving 209 billion dollars outstanding .
With the bonus issue likely to explode into political controversy , the US government made clear on Monday it had no intention of imposing a one - off 2009 tax on individual bankers bonuses .
ADVERTISEMENT
Asked if the United States was planning to follow moves unveiled this week by Britain and France for “ community ” taxes on bankers ’ bonuses , Treasury spokeswoman Meg Reilly said in an email : “ Not at this time . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast Jan. 14 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
news Imagining the Biggest Concert in Toronto History
Torontoist has learned that plans are afoot for a massive two - day festival at Downsview Park that aims to combine the biggest concert the city has ever seen — expected attendance is 350,000 people each day , with 300 million watching around the world — with an effort to let G20 leaders know they need to try harder to change the world for the better .
It ’s been seven years since Toronto had something of a new millennium Summer of Love , with decriminalized pot fumes floating through the air and hundreds of thousands pouring into Downsview Park ( or Parc Downsview Park , if you prefer ) for the SARstock show .
The city had n’t seen anything like it before , but we might just see something like it again with the Earthship Summit and Imagine Concert planned for July 10 and 11 , which one of its organizers told Torontoist “ will be the largest event in the forty years since Woodstock . ”
They should know .
We were tipped off to news of a possible event shortly after the New Year , but we had no clue just how big of an event organizers Artie Kornfeld and David Kam were planning .
The Imagine Concert aims to bring a little bit of Woodstock to town ( “ for the green generation ” ) , not coincidentally shortly after the leaders of the world ’s most prosperous nations depart .
The initial plan was to hold the event during the G8 / G20 summit ( June 25 to 27 ) , but organizers soon realized there were n’t enough cops to both protect the world leaders and secure their concert site , and pushed it back .
Artie Kornfeld , the man behind the musical side of the effort was ( also not coincidentally ) one of the organizers of the original Woodstock Aquarian Exposition — the one Limp Bizkit fans did n’t burn down — and he is adamant that despite a dormant period , the “ Woodstock Spirit ” is very much alive .
Woodstock may have defined a generation , but Imagine has the potential to stretch across three or four , and on Twitter , Kornfeld wrote that “ Toronto [ is ] more important than Woodstock , ” no mean claim for the man whose recently released autobiography dubs him the “ Pied Piper of Woodstock . ”
“ He was more of the idealist , ” Kam says of Kornfeld ’s role in launching that festival .
“ He saw it as a gathering for peace , freedom , and to help stop the war … that ’s why he was the only one who did n’t do Woodstock [ 1994 and 1999 ] . ”
It ’s a bit of a twist , since this time around Kam is the dreamer , and Kornfeld is the one doing much of the grunt work , at least on the musical side of things .
At a fourtieth anniversary Woodstock celebration last summer Kornfeld told a crowd : “ Woodstock nation , get off your asses ! ” and he hopes Imagine will get both that generation and the current one up and at ’em .
“ As soon as I tell people what it ’s about , it will sell out , ” Kornfeld says .
“ It ’s going to be a wonderful experience .
I ’m really into the rebirth of the experience of Woodstock . ”
( One difference : no on - site camping ; organizers are recommending Glen Rouge Park for those hoping to recapture some of that festival spirit . )
What a Woodstock rebirth means for Kornfeld is good vibes and kick - ass musical acts .
This early in the game , he ca n’t say just who ’ll be there ( Foo Fighters , Nickelback , and Lady Gaga have been contacted , he divulges ) , though on top of the big names expected , there ’ll also be a talent search for would - be performers .
Kornfeld does n’t doubt the show will come off .
“ I love music and I love people , and it ’s great they just come together , ” he says .
Imagine is just the tip of the iceberg .
The concert is part of the larger Earthship Summit Festival , Kam ’s brainchild .
The Montreal artist had the idea three years ago and he has much bigger goals in mind than cool music .
“ My hope is to plant the seed , to create the momentum for world change , ” he says : the festival ’s themes will include poverty , peace , and sustainability .
Technology will take the festival well beyond the borders of North York with closed - circuit broadcasts in two hundred theatres across the continent , and Kam hopes to exploit the Internet and mobile technology to their utmost .
International interactivity will be the name of the game , with plans for a green - oriented , Facebook - style network .
Locally , the festival will be looking for volunteers
Kam has partnered with a wide array of charities — Red Cross , Amnesty International , and Save the Children , for starters — and pledged half of the profits to them .
Kam also hopes to have ongoing charity efforts after the event .
Earthship aims to bring in big - name speakers ( some live , some on video ) such as Archbishop Desmond Tutu and Bono ( naturally ) .
Helping make the big connections is lawyer Paul Marshall , who has represented everyone from the Kennedy family to Whitney Houston , and who helped Michael Jackson acquire the Beatles publishing catalogue .
The size of the names is n’t as important to Kam as the messages they ’ll bring ; John Lennon ’s utopian ballad “ Imagine ” was his inspiration and Kam hopes to put out three re-recordings of it , an act which apparently has Yoko Ono ’s blessing .
Guitars played on an all - star version will be autographed and designed by well - known artists before being auctioned off .
The organizers hope to formally launch the event , with many more details , by mid-March .
Photos of Downsview Park ( much of it currently under construction ) and the surrounding area by Christopher Drost / Torontoist .
This article will describe how to build a more complex javascript application .
I chose to build a number cruncher for finding sociable numbers .
There are many idle browser out there and the new Worker - thread object ( available in modern browsers ) offers the complete power of all cpu cores .
In the first part I will describe how to inherit javascript objects with the optimization steps and discuss the usage of a profiler .
The second part will improve the performance with using Web Worker in threads for greater computing power and how to handle it .
introduction
Did you heard of perfect numbers ?
No ?
A number is perfect if the number is equal to the sum all proper positive divisors .
The old greek mathematics found the following examples ( or try out the demo ) :
The 6 has as positive divisors 1 , 2 and 3 and the sum is 6 .
The next perfect number is 28 with 1 , 2 , 4 , 7 and 14
The 496 = 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + 31 + 62 + 124 + 248
The 8128 = 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + 32 + 64 + 127 + 254 + 508 + 1016 + 2032 + 4064 .
Funny but not easy to find more …
Amicable numbers were known to the Pythagoreans and are two different numbers so related that the sum of the proper divisors of one of the numbers is equal to the other .
For example , the smallest pair of amicable numbers is ( 220 , 284 ) ; for the proper divisors of 220 are 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 , 11 , 20 , 22 , 44 , 55 and 110 , of which the sum is 284 ; and the proper divisors of 284 are 1 , 2 , 4 , 71 , and 142 , of which the sum is 220 .
If the cycle to reach the starting number ( with the recursion of the sum of positive divisors ) and the length of the cycles is greater than 2 they called sociable or multiperfect numbers ” .
Its a more general concept for the first two special cases .
If you are interested in the mathemical background there are many resources in the net :
the motivation
Because no general formula exists to find all sociable numbers it would be nice to find a new cycle at first .
There is some formula to find perfect numbers based on prime numbers but I will build only a number cruncher with testing a given range for perfect numbers .
There are many other distributed computer projects ( like the Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search ) why not this part of number theory ?
But do n’t think this is an easy task .
After the first 200 years all mathematicians found only a few cycles .
With the modern computing power all cycles under 100.000.000 were found – see the complete list at http://djm.cc/sociable.txt.
And I want to solve this in your browser – with javascript .
implementation
the algorithm
The com.unitedCoders .
Numbers1 object realized the algorithm straight forward :
var com = com||{} ; com.unitedCoders = com.unitedCoders||{} ; com.unitedCoders.Numbers1 = function ( ) { this .
maxLoop = 100 ; /* calculate all divisors of n and return the sum of it @var n int - number to be checked @return the sum of all divisors */ this.calcSumOfDivisors = function (n ) { // include the divisor 1 var sum = 1 ; var middle = Math.sqrt(n ) ; for ( var i=2 ; i <= middle ; i++) { if ( n % i === 0 ) { sum += i ; sum += n/i ; } } return sum ; } ;
The calcSumOfDivisors function finds the integer divisors with the modulo operator .
The loop runs only up the square of the number because you can get directly the other of the divisor pair .
For example if you found 3 is a divisor of 30 so is 30/3=10 a divisor too .
/* generate a cycle and break if maxLoop reached or n=1 or n is too great @var start int - start number of loop @return [ int ] - calculated loop */ this .calcCycle = function ( start ) { var last = start , f = [ ] , max = 100 * start , length ; do { last = this.calcSumOfDivisors ( last ) ; length = f.push ( last ) ; } while ( start ! ==last && last > 1 && length < this .
maxLoop && last < max ) ; return f ; } ;
To find a cylce of the sum of all divisors you can start recursively until getting the starting number .
I chose a simple while - do loop ending with the starting number or break after 100 tries .
If the found cycle ends with length of 1 it is a perfect number , with 2 a pair of amicable numbers are found and if the cycles end with more the 2 numbers the result could be sociable numbers .
The largest known cycle at this time is 28 .
To limit the loop I will be pessimistic and try up 100 runs until my function gives up .
/* Calculate the cycle , check if there is a loop and if n the first element , return the numbers as a list .
@var n int - start number for checking @return [ int ] if n is starting point of a social number group */ this.getMinSociable = function (n ) { var f = this.calcCycle(n , this .maxLoop ) ; //
Check if it has a cycle if ( n === f[f.length - 1 ] ) { // Check if n is the lowest member of the cycle var sorted = f.slice ( ) ; sorted .
sort ( function ( a , b) {return a - b ;} ) ; if ( n === sorted [ 0 ] ) { // correct the list , put the starting number at pos:0 f.unshift ( f.pop ( ) ) ; return f ; } } return ; } ; /*
Find sociable numbers from start to end @var start int - Starting number for checking @var end int - ending point for checking @return [ [ int ] , ] list of sociable groups */ this .
findSociable = function ( start , end ) { var results = [ ] ; for ( var i=start ; i< end ; i++ ) { var match = this.getMinSociable( i ) ; if ( match ) { results .
push ( match ) ; } } return results ; } ; } ;
The function getMinSociable ( ) check if the result of calcCycle are sociable numbers and if is starts with the lowest number to get only one result .
The seconds condition will prevent to find a cycle more the once .
first optimization step
If you running the functions in firefox with firebug you can profile all the function calls ( since firebug 1.4. x the function count could be incorrect but the tendency is ok ) .
Open the firebug console and start a search between 1 and 15.000 .
I got these function call list with executing times .
This is the result in firefox 3.5 in my tiny eeeBox with the typical netbook processor ( Intel Atom n270 mobile processor with 1.6 MHz - to compare the times ) .
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my intel atom cpu ( wrong counting of the function calls )
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my office intel p4 cpu
The run for 15.000 cycles takes 5.4 sec ( 3,4 sec on my P4 cpu ) - most time in the deepest function calcSumOfDivisors .
You notice that for checking 15000 numbers the calcSumOfDivisors - function will be called over 175.000 times .
Many cycles end will 1 and a simple caching for the calculation would decrease the calls and speed up .
Caching before calculation
If a cache call is faster than a calculation it could be a good way for better performance .
If the cache hit rate can save some calculation time do caching !
In the example would a simple JavaScript object help to decrease the calcSumOfDivisors - function .
The calcCycle - function will call the caching facade .
com.unitedCoders.numbers.getSumOfDivisors : function ( n ) { var sum = this .sumCache[n ] ; if ( sum ) { return sum ; } sum = this.calcSumOfDivisors(n ) ; this.sumCache[n ] = sum ; return sum ; } ;
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my intel atom cpu
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my office intel p4 cpu
The overall time is only 4 sec ( 0.9 sec on my P4 cpu ) and the number of calcCumOfDivisor decreased below to 20.000 !
I added a direct cache look - up in the calcCycle function to decrease the function calls so the getSumOfDivisor is only for " cache miss and saving the result " used .
no function calls
The result of the third step looks ugly .
Because JavaScript runs in a interpreter eliminating all function calls could increase the calculator speed , but your code will become unreadable .
This is only a try to test if it works .
This should save the time to calling the functions and initializing the local varibale scope .
An other aspect is giving the JavaScript runtime optimizer a large block to work with it .
com.unitedCoders.Numbers3 = function ( ) { this .
findSociable = function ( start , end ) { var maxLoop = 100 ; var results = [ ] ; for ( var n=start ; n< end ; n++ ) { //calcCycle var lastN = n , f = [ ] , maxN = 100*n , length ; do { //getSumOfDivisors if (!this.sumCache[lastN ] ) { this.sumCache[lastN ] = this.calcSumOfDivisors( lastN ) ; } lastN = this.sumCache[lastN ] ; length = f.push ( lastN ) ; } while ( n!==lastN && lastN > 1 && length < this.maxLoop & & lastN < maxN ) ; //getMinSociable if ( n===lastN ) { var sorted = f.slice ( ) ; sorted .
sort ( function ( a , b) {return a - b ;} ) if ( n === sorted [ 0 ] ) { f.unshift ( f.pop ( ) ) ; results .
push(f ) ; } } } return results ; } ; } ; com.unitedCoders.Numbers3.prototype = new com.unitedCoders.Numbers2( ) ;
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my intel atom cpu
firefox 3.5 , profiler output with my office intel p4 cpu
Result : Wow - the firefox 3.5 runtime optimizer can work well with the one function version !
The older firefox 3.0 show no benefit in this version - see the benchmark in the next section .
Use Webworker
Webworker is a new HTML5 feature supported by modern browsers since mozilla firefox 3.1 , apple webkit or google chrome .
It does not work on opera , firefox 3.0 or konqueror .
The worker is a JavaScript object in a extra thread who can communicate with the main application via the function postMessage .
For the simple example I created a a " worker hook function " in my numbers.js file and started the cruncher object synchronous like in the normal version .
The final version can split the number range in parts for each worker thread .
worker = new Worker ( " numbers.js " ) ; worker.onmessage = function ( resultStr ) { window.alert( resultStr ) ; } worker.postMessage ( " 3,1,15000 " ) ;
The Worker object is loaded , will start in background the calculation and give the result as json-string to the callback function ( which shows as ugly alert box ) .
// this will load the local json2 - file from crockford , got from http://json.org/ importScripts (" json2.js " ) ; // this is the called function from worker .
postMessage // @param { String} " variant , from , to " onmessage = function ( params ) { var p = params.data.split( " , " ) ; var worker = new com.unitedCoders [ ' Numbers ' + p[ 0 ] ] ( ) ; var results = worker.findSociable ( + p [ 1 ] , + p [ 2 ] ) ; // this is the calling function for worker.onmessage postMessage ( JSON.stringify ( results ) ) ; } ;
I expect better results with using more than one worker .
Best would be one worker per cpu core .
Chrome scales perfectly because the browser has an extra worker process for every tab !
Firefox has one process but I can see more the one working thread in top .
Get modern browser running in ubuntu
If you using ubuntu ( or other apt - based linux ) and do n't have the newest firefox ( or did n't upgrad to ubuntu 10.x ) , here is the command to get it directly .
Firefox can be installed via
> sudo apt - get install firefox - 3.5
.
Because googles browser chrome is calling home , use the privacy cleaned version Iron chrome from SRWare ( see Review here and here ) .
Or get the normal version via apt - get following the steps from ubuntugeek.com .
The other two big player apple safari and internet explorer wo n't run natively under ubuntu .
I will try to install safari with wine hoping the core JavaScript speed does n't differ .
And for the internet explorer there is the fine ie4linux project .
Benchmarking the variants
How to benchmark the code ?
I created the three evolutionary code versions and three work modes .
First the directly variant as normal JavaScript function , second run the same function in a Webworker in a thread .
The third version will split the calculation in 4 parts and start 4 webworker to hit the score .
For testing the variants in different browser I choosed on my ubuntu eeeBox the following browser , because all candidates use different javascript engines :
Browsername & Javascript Engine direct mode webworker mode first version cached version single function first version cached version single function Iron chrome 3.x ( from SRWare.net with V8 ) 1882 623 190 1937 640 559 Firefox 3.5 with Tracemoney 5122 1861 550 6011 1865 1735 Opera 10 with Futhark 12656 3195 1050 not available Konqueror mit KJS 12115 3011 1349 not available
results
My optimization in three variants works on every browser and result caching is OK .
V8 will optimize my single function variant dramatically - the run-time JavaScript optimizer works great !
The starting and communication overhead for the worker is reasonable and it can benefits while computing more the one second per thread .
The four thread worker version was not faster than the normal version ?
OK , with only one core on one cpu ( my intel Atom ) could threaded number crunching not scale !
Testing on a four core CPU :
Yes it works fine but not linear , try it out in the interactive demo ( open the firebug console for logging info ) !
But do n't forget your old - stuffed visitors ( or internet explorer users ) :
If your JavaScript calculations runs in chrome fine - your visitors with older browser will be frustrated !
Factor 10 in calculation time is possible .
live demo
direct mode Worker mode 4 - Worker mode
Here the results will be printed .
the end
Hoping this detailed tutorial in building a number cruncher in javascript helps to understand the inheritance of prototype classes , optimization steps and benchmarking javascript code .
If you find yourself reading blogs ( such as this one ) to find out a little more about upcoming handsets or to get a few extra details on a phone before making a purchase , I can almost guarantee you that you ’ll be interested in a new series of videos that Google is putting together for the Nexus One .
The first video highlights the concept and design of the Nexus One , going over Google ’s Android , HTC ’s hardware , Audience ’s noise cancellation technology .
If you own a nexus One already or have been following new on the handset for the past few weeks , the first video does give us any new information .
However , we do get a speak peak at two new dock for the Nexus One ( charging dock with a slot for an extra battery and a GPS car mount dock ) which have not yet gone on sale .
There ’s no guarantee that Google will actually sell the two docks .
We ’ll just keep our fingers crossed .
About Nick Gray
Tech enthusiast , Android user and founder of the first HTC blog – Nick Gray has been blogging about HTC phones before most people knew what a smartphone even was .
Over the years Nick has owned and tested dozens HTC devices and is constantly flashing new ROMs to his Android phones .
WASHINGTON 
In the fall of 2001 , as an anguished nation came to grips with the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , a slender , soft - spoken economics major named Elizabeth Hanson set out to write her senior thesis at Colby College in Maine .
Her question was a timely one :
How do the world ’s three major faith traditions apply economic principles ?
Ms. Hanson ’s report , “ Faithless Heathens : Scriptural Economics of Judaism , Christianity and Islam , ” carried a title far more provocative than its contents , said the professor who advised her .
But it may have given a hint of her career to come , as an officer for the Central Intelligence Agency specializing in hunting down Islamic extremists .
That career was cut short last week : Ms. Hanson was one of seven Americans killed in a suicide bombing at a C.I.A. base in the remote mountains of Afghanistan .
In the days since the attack , details of the lives of the victims  five men and two women , including two C.I.A. contractors from the firm formerly known as Blackwater  have begun to trickle out , despite the secretive nature of their work .
What emerges is a rare public glimpse of a closed society , a peek into one sliver of the spy agency as it operates more than eight years after the C.I.A. was pushed to the front lines of war .
Intel and Nokia are teaming up to tame mobile Linux fragmentation .
During a presentation today at Mobile World Congress , the companies announced that they are bringing together their respective Linux - based operating systems under a single banner .
The combined platform , called MeeGo , supports multiple architectures and will be suitable for use across a wide range of mobile and embedded form factors , including netbooks and smartphones .
Nokia 's Maemo platform evolved from the company 's experiments with handheld tablet computing .
It has shipped on all of the company 's Internet tablets as well as the N900 , a high - end smartphone that Nokia launched last year .
Intel 's Moblin platform , which is principally designed for netbooks , is backed by a number of prominent Linux distributors and hardware vendors .
Although there are a number of significant technical differences between the two platforms , they have a lot in common .
One key characteristic that Maemo and Moblin share is that they are both closely aligned with the conventional desktop Linux stack .
This is because Nokia and Intel approach open source software development in much the same way .
They are both philosophically inclined to collaborate with upstream projects and the existing Linux ecosystem .
This is very different from the strategy that is used by Google and a number of other mobile Linux companies that are building their own insular userspace stacks on top of the Linux kernel .
Although Maemo and Moblin are built around a similar philosophy , there are a number of key technical differences that could be difficult to reconcile .
In the interest of ensuring that ties with the upstream community remain at the center of their mobile development efforts , Nokia and Intel have placed MeeGo under the stewardship of the Linux Foundation , a nonprofit organization that coordinates the efforts of major stakeholders in the Linux platform space .
MeeGo's direction will be managed by an independent technical steering group with oversight from Intel and Nokia .
Intel partnered with the Linux Foundation last year with the goal of advancing Moblin , so it is unsurprising that the organization will play a key role in the MeeGo effort .
Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin shared his thoughts about MeeGo in a statement on his blog .
He views the new converged platform as a win for consumers and a major opportunity for application developers , mobile carriers , and hardware makers .
It will reduce fragmentation , he says , by bringing mobile Linux players together around a shared technology stack .
" With MeeGo you have the world 's largest chip manufacturer and the world 's largest mobile handset manufacturer joining forces to create an incredible opportunity for developers who want to reach millions of users with innovative technology , " he wrote .
" MeeGo is n't just an important project at the Linux Foundation , it is also helpful for Linux as a platform .
It combines mobile development resources that were recently split in the Maemo and Moblin projects into one well - supported , well - designed project that addresses cross-platform , cross- device and cross-architecture development . "
Following Apple 's unveiling of the iPad earlier this month , Zemlin declared that Linux needed more " magic " in order to build a competitive user experience .
He promised that the Linux Foundation had big plans and was working toward a solution .
Today , he says that MeeGo is the first step toward making mobile Linux more magical .
The path to convergence
Nokia and Intel have been moving toward this point for months .
Last year , they announced the beginning of a technical partnership and revealed that they were planning to collaborate on Linux development .
The announcement today appears to be the culmination of that effort .
Although both companies were very quiet about their product plans when they initially announced that Linux partnership in June , Nokia has shown signs of interest in the netbook market and it became increasingly clear that Intel wanted to put Moblin on smartphones .
At CES this year , Intel demonstrated an LG touchscreen smartphone built with an Atom processor and designed to run a smartphone variant of Moblin .
As the scope of Maemo and Moblin grew and began to overlap , convergence became a practical option .
Resolving technical differences
Although Maemo and Moblin are built around a similar philosophy , there are a number of key technical differences that could be difficult to reconcile .
The developers who are committed to the respective platforms have very strong feelings about the underlying technology , which could create some friction as the two platforms are brought together .
The newly - launched MeeGo website is still short on specific details , but it answers some of the most important questions .
Nokia 's
Qt toolkit will be the primary application development framework for the MeeGo platform .
Gtk+ and Clutter , which are used today by Moblin and Maemo 5 , will be supported in MeeGo for the purpose of enabling compatibility with existing software that is built on those technologies .
The emphasis on Qt will likely be viewed as controversial by some current Moblin adopters and contributors , but it is a sound decision that offers tangible benefits for the MeeGo platform .
MeeGo platform architecture
Qt is a very modern development toolkit that is well - suited for building resource - efficient native applications .
It has a relatively new declarative programming framework called QML that radically accelerates the development of rich user interfaces .
During my tests of QML development on the N900 , I 've found it to be a powerful solution for constructing touchscreen - friendly software .
A key advantage of Qt in the mobile space is its inherent portability .
It is supported today across a wide range of desktop and mobile operating systems , including Windows , Linux , Mac OS X , and Symbian .
This is advantageous because it creates a clean glide path for porting desktop software to mobile operating systems .
Right out of the starting gate , MeeGo will benefit from the wealth of existing Qt applications .
More importantly , Qt can reduce development costs for ISVs by giving them the ability to use a single code base to build native software for a variety of platforms .
Nokia 's decision last year to relicense Qt under GNU 's Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) makes it possible for third - party application developers to build commercial software with Qt without having to pay a license fee .
The toolkit is already relatively popular in the software industry and has been used by a wide range of mainstream software vendors , including Google , Adobe , and Skype .
Given all of the major advantages of Qt , it seems like an ideal choice for Nokia and Intel 's next - generation Linux platform .
Although I 'm totally convinced that Nokia and Intel have made the right choice with their application development toolkit , I 'm less enthusiastic about the choice they made for package management .
In a nod to Intel 's preference , they have decided to make RPM packages the standard for MeeGo.
Maemo , which is a Debian derivative , uses APT as its package management system .
I 've always viewed Maemo's Debian - centric heritage and inclusion of APT as a major strength , one that will unfortunately not be present in the new converged platform due to the adoption of RPM .
It 's likely that RPM was chosen because it is the preferred package format in the Linux Standard Base specifications .
Other parts of the new MeeGo platform stack are not discussed with any specificity on the project 's website , but it is clear that there will be standard components for a wide range of functionality , including communication , media , security , and hardware management .
It 's likely that the telephony components will leverage oFono , a joint project that Nokia and Intel have previously been working on together .
Phone freedom
Several mobile Linux vendors tout the openness of their platforms , but none of them are really fully open .
OpenMoko , which retreated to other markets after failing to produce an entirely open smartphone , proved that it 's exceptionally difficult to work in the open on some parts of the mobile stack , particularly 3G radio firmware .
It 's unclear if MeeGo will set a new standard for openness in mobile Linux , but there are a few prominent supporters who are very optimistic about the possibility .
Eben Moglen , the founder of the Software Freedom Law Center and one of the authors of the GPLv3 , issued a statement today praising the MeeGo initiative .
" MeeGo brings together two projects committed to an open stack for mobile computing devices dependent on community - developed free software that respects users ' rights , " Moglen wrote .
" This is a bold and important step towards a mobile network in which people get software made by people for people , instead of software made by companies to control people .
Nokia and Intel have taken a memorable step .
They and the community , if they work together , can reshape humanity 's network . "
MeeGo seems like a step in the right direction for phone freedom , but it 's not a slam dunk .
The poor manner in which Intel handled the Poulsbo mess raises a lot of very serious questions about the company 's commitment to supplying open drivers for its own hardware .
It 's also unclear at this stage if MeeGo will be a fully - functioning open platform , or just a base for building one .
It 's worth noting that adopters and other third - parties will be free to distribute proprietary software on top of MeeGo .
The platform itself also does nothing to block so - called TiVo-zation , the practice among device makers of using technical measures to prevent users from installing open and modified firmware on hardware .
Although MeeGo is a modest win for software freedom , it seems unlikely that platform will be able to overcome all of the impediments that are blocking the development of fully free and open phones .
Conclusion
For end users and application developers who have been hoping for a real Linux mobile platform , MeeGo is the real deal .
It will work on both ARM and Atom processors and will be able to run on phones , tablets , netbooks , and even car computers .
This could have broad ramifications for the mobile industry .
As a vendor - neutral platform that is endorsed by the Linux Foundation and is broadly open to third - party contributors , MeeGo has the potential to become the standard unifying base for future mobile Linux platforms .
Got some free time on your hands ?
Feel like reading the entirescreenplay ?
Well , you ’re in luck because 20th Century Fox has decided to make the entire piece available online for FREE !
Even with primarily positive reviews , the one complaint made by a large majority of critics is about the trite dialogue .
Could this be a push for a Best Screenplay Academy Award nod ?
The movie has already pulled in $ 380.5 in the US making it the 10th highest grossing film at the domestic box office in history ; why else make the material available if not for an awards push ?
Regardless , it is fun to sort through the pieces and see what was removed from the final cut of the film .
Ca n’t wait for that coveted deleted Na’vi sex scene on the DVD ?
Skip to page 90 .
Click here to take a look .
• • Feedback & Comments : Last modification : July 27 , 2020
and
SOHO is a project of international cooperation between
Police say they are reopening an investigation after footage of a motorway crash near Wetherby was posted on YouTube .
A lorry was seen pushing a car sideways on the southbound A1 ( M ) on 13 January .
The haulage company responsible for the truck confirmed that no action had been taken against the driver after the police 's first investigation .
Police say there were no injuries and both vehicles were on the hard shoulder by the time they arrived , so the incident was treated as a " damage - only collision " .
First published in March 2010
in
" You 'll see it 's all a show
Keep 'em laughing as you go
Just remember that the last laugh is on you
And always look on the bright side of life "
- " Always Look On The Bright Side Of Life " by Monty Python from the film Life Of Brian
There are those who claim that every single Canadian should feel shame and embarrassment over the fact that Canada 's overall environmental record ranks eighth among the G - 8 nations and that , according to the World Wildlife Fund , Canada 's 33 million people " emit more greenhouse gases than half the countries in the world put together " .
But I 'd say that such people are simply being overly negative .
I mean , at least we did n't come in ninth , right ?
It may be true that many countries in Europe have been making significant progress in cutting their greenhouse gas emissions while Canada 's emissions continue to skyrocket , but that 's no reason to stop telling ourselves that we 've been doing the best job possible under difficult conditions .
The pessimists , worrywarts and naysayers out there may want us all to feel down and despondent , but the fact is being the world 's worst per capita contributors to climate change - causing gases means we 're actually number one at something .
And there are few things , outside of hockey , that we 've ever been # 1 at .
So , come on all you proud Canadians out there , let 's hear it : " We 're # 1 !!
We 're # 1 !!
We 're # 1 ! ! "
That 's right , people of Canada , we finally stand out .
We 're finally being noticed .
No longer a middling country that most of the world barely even notices , except perhaps when thinking of vacation destinations , we 're now actually becoming well known for something other than Celine Dion and Bryan Adams .
And , once noticed like this , we 'll never be forgotten .
We 'll be immortal .
Think about it , future generations will always remember us as special , as unique , as extraordinary .
" Extraordinarily what ? " is simply missing the point .
The point is we 're # 1 and we 've now got a legacy to take with us through the ages .
Like the Portuguese and their slave trading .
The Spanish and their impressive American Indian - slaughtering conquistadors .
Mississippi and Alabama and their racism .
Saudi Arabia and their misogyny .
South Africa and their apartheid .
The Soviets and their gulags .
The Khmer Rouge and their killing fields .
The Americans and their carpet bombing of Vietnamese civilians .
The North Koreans and their brainwashing , starving and parading .
Think about it .
Did Arkansas , Tennessee and Kentucky do their absolute best at the whole cold - blooded racist scumbag thing back in the day ?
Yes , of course they did .
But are they remembered ?
Hell , no !
The fact is they simply never measured up to the zeal and conviction shown by their neighbors in Alabama and Mississippi .
Likewise , did the English and French slaughter Natives in the New World ?
Most definitely !
But the fact is they simply sucked at it compared to the Spanish .
The Spanish , above all others , will be remembered .
And , hey , is there misogyny is Yemen ?
You bet there is .
But they 've got nothing on the Saudis .
Well , the same thing goes for destroying the planet .
The Americans , particularly during the George W. Bush years , may have indeed done their very best at doing nothing when it came to trying to rein in global warming , but , try as they may , they have never really been able to step up to the plate and hit a real home run on this issue the way Canada has .
But , to be fair , they never actually stood a chance , did they ?
After all , Canada has had a secret weapon for years now .
The Sands of Oily Despair
There 's no denying just what that secret weapon is , nor the importance it has played in helping propel us Canadians into first place both on that G - 8 list and on the list of the world 's worst per capita polluters .
We 're talking about the oilsands of Alberta of course .
Not only have these pits of environmental despair made us # 1 when it comes to destroying the planet for future generations , but they 've also helped to raise our profile globally , making us much more ( in ) famous on the world stage than we ever thought possible .
A column by Mark Morford in the San Francisco Chronicle earlier this week perfectly highlights this fact and is just one of many recent pieces in the international media that have put the spotlight on this Great National Project of ours .
Here 's a taste of Morford 's piece .
And do n't be put off by some of the negative - sounding adjectives he uses .
Just remember that all publicity is good publicity and keep telling yourself that it 's always great to be noticed :
Have you heard ?
Have you taken even a cursory peek lately into the oversized eco nightmare that is Canada 's monstrous , pollutive , disgusting hellholes of rapacious greed and pollution and destruction and sheer capitalistic joy ?
I bet you have .
They are , you might say , the finest example we currently have of a massive , soulless industry and a major first - world government shoving a giant middle finger in the face of all notions of progress and environmental integrity .
They 're not the only ones , to be sure -- the coal industry 's middle finger is downright callused from flipping everyone off so aggressively -- but for sheer gall , for shamelessly stomping a greasy black boot heel into the face of environmental progress right now , the oilsands simply can't be beat .
They are true wonders , testaments to mankind 's remarkable power to continue -- against every hunk of knowledge and common sense -- to rape , maul and utterly devastate everything we supposedly hold dear , all in the name of filthy profit .
" True wonders " !
" Sheer capitalistic joy " !
" Testaments to mankind 's remarkable power " !
" The oilsands simply can't be beat " !
Now that 's a rave !
When 's the last time anyone outside of Canada even bothered to write about Canadian industry , let alone with such incredible passion ?
It 's true that this topic has been much discussed in the Canadian media - and it certainly did make a big splash in my earlier piece , Canada : Top Ten Things To Love and Hate , where it once again came in at # 1 - but , to have commentators in other countries taking note of our unique status like this is definitely something extra-special that 's clearly worth celebrating .
I mean , to be this noticed and discussed by people around the globe when it comes to the most critical issue facing the planet today really does make one feel rather lucky to be a Canadian right now .
It 's great to know that , though usually a small player on the world stage when it comes to the big stories of our times such as this one , we truly can , at times , be world - class contributors , pulling far more than our own weight .
So , all you Canadian politicians out there - and all you regular Canadians too , for that matter - please keep doing whatever you 've been doing because it sure is working .
One thing 's for sure , with the oilsands scheduled to triple production by 2020 , we 're certainly not about to lose our first place ranking anytime soon .
We 're # 1 !
We 're # 1 !
We 're # 1 !
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Friday , October 9th , 2009
Now check out these other recent rants :
Bitter and Bewildered : The Sad Plight of The Disillusioned Left - Wing Canadian Voter
Fightback & Counterattack : Vatican Says Church Sex Abuse of Kids Not Really Pedophilia
Summer of Stupefaction : The Baffling Fight By Ordinary Americans To Defeat Healthcare Reform
The Great Anti-Canadian - Healthcare Fraudster Joins The Great American Healthcare Debate
An Open Letter To America Concerning The Hate - Filled Homophobes of The Religious Right
The War On Terror Charade : 14 - Year - Old Terrorists and The Fight For Western Civilization
For more on Canadian politics visit the Politics : Canada page
For more on American politics visit the Politics : America page
And for lots more on politics of all types visit the Politics Homepage
“ It ’s like a joining a country club that does n’t allow blacks or jews . ”
— Sarah Silverman on The View , referencing marriage equality allies who are heterosexual and chose to get married
( Adds detail , quote , background )
WASHINGTON , Feb 22 ( Reuters ) - A modest job -creation bill advanced in the U.S. Senate on Monday as the chamber ’s newest Republican bucked his party and sided with Democrats on a $ 15 billion package of tax cuts and highway spending .
Republican Scott Brown joined four other Republicans , 55 Democrats and two independents to overcome a procedural hurdle that sets up a final vote later this week .
Brown was widely hailed as a conservative hero after his surprise victory in Massachusetts last month gave Republicans enough seats to block most Democratic legislation .
His election prompted President Barack Obama and his fellow Democrats to call for increased bipartisanship , and an earlier version of the bill was written with Republican input .
But key Republicans withdrew their support after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid scaled it back .
Brown said the bill was not perfect but would help put people back to work .
“ I hope my vote today is a strong step toward restoring bipartisanship in Washington , ” he said in a statement .
The bill includes a tax credit for businesses that hire unemployed workers , subsidies for state and local construction bonds and $ 19.5 billion to shore up a highway - construction fund .
Much of the cost is offset by a crackdown on offshore tax shelters .
Third base was once one of the deeper positions in baseball , but that no longer is the case .
There are a lot of question marks and risks , but not as many sure thing stars .
With that said , let ’s take a look at how I ’d rank things at this point for 2010 :
Alex Rodriguez – New York Yankees Evan Longoria – Tampa Bay Rays David Wright – New York Mets Mark Reynolds – Arizona Diamondbacks Kevin Youkilis – Boston Red Sox Ryan Zimmerman – Washington Nationals Pablo Sandoval – San Francisco Giants Aramis Ramirez – Chicago Cubs Chone Figgins – Seattle Mariners Gordon Beckham – Chicago White Sox Ian Stewart – Colorado Rockies Michael Young – Texas Rangers Jhonny Peralta – Cleveland Indians Jorge Cantu – Florida Marlins Kevin Kouzmanoff – San Diego Padres
Thoughts :
David Wright vs. Mark Reynolds is an interesting debate , is n’t it ?
Will Wright rebound from his 2009 disaster ?
Will Reynolds be able to maintain the numbers he posted in 2009 ?
While Reynolds will likely have more home runs , I believe Wright will beat him out in stolen bases and significantly in the average department .
That gives him a slight edge , though we will take a closer look in the near future .
Youkilis , Zimmerman and Sandoval are all basically on the same level in my opinion .
That means you can basically flip a coin in deciding which you ’d prefer .
For now I ’ve got them in this order , with Youkilis ’ supporting cast giving him an edge , but what about you ?
Which of the three would you rather have ?
Want speed from the position ?
Is there anyone better than Figgins , who now posts a tremendous 1 - 2 punch at the top of the Mariners order with Ichiro ?
At his age and with his injury history , does anyone really trust drafting Jones as a starting player ?
I just ca n’t do it .
We ’ve discussed Kouzmanoff already , someone who is a tremendous sleeper late in your draft ( click here to read ) .
While he ’s not a great option to select as a starter , I certainly would n’t hesitate to grab him as backup ( especially if you miss out on the first nine guys ) or maybe as a corner infielder .
What are your thoughts on the early rankings ?
Who is too high ?
Who is too low ?
Who was omitted that should n’t have been ?
Previous Early Rankings :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
With his unemployment beard and a face covered in lotion protecting his porcelain skin , former " Tonight Show " host Conan O'Brien kissed a dolphin while vacationing in Hawaii on Thursday .
Winorama casino a récolté des avis , plus que captivants depuis son lancement officiel en 2016 .
Effectivement , de nombreux joueurs ont déjà remporté de nombreuses parties sur la plateforme .
De plus , l’expérience de jeu est garantie sur Winorama .
Notez que vous en saurez plus sur ce site en suivant cet article jusqu’à la fin .
Comment se …
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
The Power of Ignorant Thinking
It 's cold out today .
Ergo , global warming is a lie .
The inside of my burrito is still frozen .
Obviously , microwaves are a hoax !
I saw a baby panda at the zoo .
Endangered species , my ass !
Look at this rich dude !
Poverty can't be real !
Statistics are garbage .
The best baseball players are the ones with the best mustaches .
I farted a couple of times and it did n't smell .
So I 'm forced to conclude that all my farts do n't stink .
Oh my god !
I can't see the moon !
Someone stole the moon !
I did n't beat my wife today , so yeah , our marriage is pretty sweet .
Twelve - year - old Queens student Alexa Gonzales used an erasable marker to write " I love my friends Abby and Faith " and " Lex was here 2/1/10 " on her desk .
What happened next ?
She was reportedly led from the school in handcuffs and detained for hours at the precinct across the street .
" Based on what we 've seen so far , this should n't have happened , " City Education Department spokesman David Cantor told the New York Daily News .
Yes , probably not .
The New York Daily News has the full story .
SAN FRANCISCO 
For the lonely couch potato , help is on the way .
Simple technology , including video chatting services like Skype , is making it possible for far - flung friends to watch shows together , even if they ca n’t share the same bowl of popcorn .
Emma McCulloch and Jennifer Cheek , for example , used to meet to watch “ Dancing With the Stars ” together , but that ritual ended when Ms. Cheek moved to Hawaii .
So the women decided that Ms. McCulloch , who lives in San Mateo , Calif. , would save the “ Dancing With the Stars ” finale on her digital video recorder and wait until the show was seen in Hawaii .
Then , they would get on Skype to video chat while they watched the show .
“ It was brilliant in that we felt like we were experiencing it together , ” Ms. McCulloch said .
“ I feel more , sort of , connected to her because we are sharing the same frustrations and joys . ”
Lawrence O’Donnell asks Howard Dean what he thinks about the Republicans latest fiasco where they threw their own donors under the bus .
Dean : I ’m stunned .
I just ca n’t that this party is so open about how contemptuous it is for the very people they work for ultimately which is the American people .
[…]
But the small donors … this is why there ’s a Tea Party and this is why the Republicans can’t rely on the Tea Party movement , because they know the Republicans , they may not like the Democrats , but the Republicans do n’t like them .
So what they ’re really angry about is just they ’re tired of being treated like dirt by the people in power and that is not confined to the Democrats — the Republicans are doing exactly the same thing and this sort of shows that they do n’t view the Tea Party as their allies .
They view the Tea Party as a problem , as dopes and all the kinds of things the Tea Party people say “ Oh the Democrats and the elite ” .
Well guess what ?
This shows that the Republicans also are elitists , and they do n’t have , we have no corner on the market of being elitist and I think the Tea Party is going to eat them for lunch for this .
Feb. 8 , 2010  -- Emmanuel Alatorre Andrade is a happy baby .
At 20 months , he is doted on by his parents and his 4 - year - old sister .
But he 's also at the center of a growing outcry among parents in a small central California town who fear industrial toxins are causing their children 's birth defects .
Born with multiple facial deformities and missing part of his brain , Emmanuel is one of several children to have been born with severe birth defects in Kettleman City , Calif. , a farming town state and federal health officials are now studying for possible environmental contamination at the request of California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
" There 's something going on , we know , " Maricela Mares - Alatorre , who is Emmanuel 's cousin and spokeswoman for a group fighting for clean air and water in the town , told ABCNews.com .
" There should have been a red flag raised a long time ago . "
Heartened that their pleas for help are finally getting heard , mothers of the children have joined with groups of activists to go door - to - door through the largely Spanish - peaking town of 1,500 to find others who have experienced miscarriages or given birth to deformed children .
" My child died .
I will never recover , " Magdalena Romero told ABCNews.com .
" But there will be many children in the future , and I do n't want that to happen to other mothers . "
The cause is still under investigation , and the state Department of Public Health is slated to release its area study findings Tuesday .
Click here to locate Kettleman City , Calif .
The town is home to Chemical Waste Management Inc. , the largest toxic waste dump west of the Mississippi .
There is also heavy pesticide use from the acres of farms that employ much of the town 's work force and a highway with heavy truck traffic runs through the middle of town .
" I think it 's primarily Chem Waste , " Emmanuel 's mother , Maura Alatorre , told ABCNews.com .
" We are surrounded by so many things , but I think one of the main reasons is this plant . "
Six children have been born in two years with similar birth defects .
Four have since died .
All had cleft palates along with a variety of other ailments that include facial deformities , heart and brain problems and limb defects .
A seventh baby , who died in the womb when her mother was six months along , was also found to have severe deformities .
Anecdotal evidence suggests there may also be a high number of women who have endured miscarriages before the end of their first trimester .
" It feels like we 've always been telling people the sky is falling , the sky is falling , " Mares - Alatorre , a spokeswoman for the residential activist group People for Clean Air and Water for Kettleman City , said .
" For these mothers , the sky fell . "
Chemical Waste Management spokeswoman Kit Cole said that the company has been calling for studies into the birth defect issue since last summer , but that they do not believe its facility is responsible .
" We 're very confident that we 're protective of human health and the environment , and that our site is very , very safe , " she said .
Cole said routine inspections of the company 's groundwater , air and soil have all come back clean .
" But that does n't negate the fact that these families deserve answers . "
The company has reported no similar health problems among their workers and their pregnant employees have given birth to healthy babies , the company said .
Cole also noted that the air blows from Kettleman City toward toward the landfill , not the other way around .
Residents say they were pleased with last week 's visits by Environmental Protection Agency Regional Director Jared Blumenfeld .
On the job for less than a month , he spoke with each of the mothers , met their children and looked at pictures of those who had died .
" It went very well .
It was emotional , " Mares - Alatorre said .
" He promised the ladies in the community he would do his best . "
Blumenfeld declined to be interviewed , but the EPA referred ABCNews.com to a statement he issued saying he now had an understanding of the families ' concerns .
He also toured the Chemical Waste Management facility and said , " They have indicated their support and willingness to work with EPA and the state to address any issues regarding their facility . "
Close - Knit Town Devastated by Birth Defects
Kettleman City is a close - knit town .
Many residents are related or consider one another close enough to be family .
A large portion of the residents are either immigrants or descendants from the same Mexican enclave .
Most of the residents do not speak English .
" It 's like the Mayberry syndrome .
Everybody knows each other , " Mares - Alatorre said .
" If my kid misbehaves across town , 20 minutes later , I 'll know about it . "
There is little serious crime , and many of the families attend church regularly .
Yet poverty is everywhere and , according to Mares - Alatorre , only 17 percent of the residents have a high school diploma .
The closest town is 37 miles away , and because many people do n't have cars , they use a public transport system to get basic supplies that are too expensive in the few convenience stores in town .
Ana Martinez , a community organizer with Greenaction for Health and Justice , which has spearheaded the fight for attention in Kettleman City , told ABCNews.com that she first worked on a door - to - door campaign two years ago when they started hearing stories of babies being born with severe deformities .
The next door - to - door campaign will begin , she said , in the next few weeks .
" Some women , they are scared to come out and tell us or embarrassed to tell us they had a miscarriage , " she said .
" It 's something very personal for them . "
Al Lundeen , spokesman for the California Department of Public Health , said that they were first notified about a possible defect cluster in 2008 and that Kings County health officer Michael MacLean was given the information in January 2009 .
The health department has not been out to Kettleman City to speak with the families but have spoken to many of them over the phone , he said .
Some residents are angry , Martinez said , after local health officials told them that the number of babies born with defects was n't high enough to sound the alarm .
In December , six weeks before Schwarzenegger 's call for an investigation , MacLean told the Los Angeles Times that he understood the concern , and that officials would watch for more cases .
" But most of the time , when we are talking about small numbers such as these , they are just random occurrences , " he told the Times .
Cole said the issue has become very emotionally and politically charged , partially because of the two decades of tension between Chemical Waste Management and Greenaction , which accuse each other of distorting facts .
" At times , I think , the activists turn this into a fingerpointing and fundraising exercise , " Cole said .
" That 's too bad . "
But the mothers said they know something was causing these problems .
" We carried photos of the babies , " Romero said of their visits to the county .
" They did n't pay us any attention . "
Mothers Devastated by Children 's Deaths , Worry About Future Births
Romero's daughter America died in February 2008 , less than five months after she was born with a cleft palate , facial deformities , Down syndrome and heart problems .
Ten months later , she gave birth to a healthy baby girl .
" I was very afraid .
I did n't want another baby , " she told ABCNews.com .
" I was thinking of not having another . "
Mares - Alatorre said giving birth to a deformed baby is a heartbreaking event .
Emmanuel , she said , was born with a cleft palate and his nose was split down the middle .
He 's also missing a portion of his left brain , which causes problems on his right side .
" He has issues with balance and he shakes .
He has a lot of accidents .
He falls a lot , " Mares - Alatorre said .
" Every time I see him , he has new bruises on his face . "
After he was born , his parents were questioned about whether cleft palates ran in their family .
They did n't .
" They asked her if she lived near pesticides , " Mares - Alatorre said .
" They are a really clean - living couple .
They work out , they do n't drink , they do n't smoke .
They really wanted answers . "
Maura Alatorre stays home to care for her children , and her husband works as a farm laborer .
They drive Emmanuel , who has already had a couple of surgeries to correct his facial deformities , more than an hour away for therapy and appointments with specialists .
Alatorre , who is 26 and has a healthy older daughter along with Emmanuel , said she is not planning to have any more children .
" It makes me afraid , because I do n't know what will happen , " she said .
" Thank God my children are alive , but truly , I do n't want to have this happen again . "
It 's a fear that has gripped many of the women in the town .
Lizbeth Canales said she would like to have another child , but is still reeling from the death of her unborn daughter , Maria Guadalupe .
Canales ' daughter was the seventh baby known to have defects .
She has only recently begun sharing her story , speaking out for the first time publicly last week when the EPA visited with the mothers .
" My mom was the one who encouraged me to go the meetings .
She said , ' You know , we still live here , ' " she said .
" We do n't want them to go through what I did . "
Kettleman City Mother : ' All We Want is Clean Air and Water '
Canales , also mother to a healthy 4 - year - old boy , was six months pregnant when her doctor failed to detect a fetal heartbeat .
She was sent home and told to expect contractions to expel the fetus .
Instead she was gripped by searing pain and rushed to the emergency room , vomiting blood .
Waking up in the intensive care unit , she was told her appendix had burst and infection had spread throughout her body .
When she asked about the baby , the nurse 's response shocked her .
The unborn girl , who she had planned to name Maria , was badly deformed .
" Both of her feet was going to be clubbed and one of her hands .
She had heart problems and her head was not fully developed . "
Romero , she said , was by her side constantly , having lost her daughter the previous year .
" Probably in the future I will want to have another one .
I am scared because I am going to be worried if it 's going to come out OK or if she 's going to be OK .
I 'm always going to have a fear she 's going to come out the same way Maria did , " she said .
" I want them to study the water , the air so we can have an answer to our questions and a solution to our problem . "
Some of the residents say they want to leave Kettleman City .
Others are bound by family obligations and fear that their undocumented status will cause problems if they try to settle elsewhere .
Romero and her husband are among those who have considered leaving town .
They 've lived in Kettleman City for 14 years .
" We knew that the dump was here with the toxic waste , but I did n't know it would harm us .
I did n't know it was possible , " she said .
" I had my other children , and they 're all healthy and suddenly the baby was born this way . "
So for now , they try to do the best they can to keep their families healthy .
Alatorre said they drive up to 40 minutes to buy bottled water for drinking because the tap water smells and is not clear .
" I used to use it to wash fruits , to cook .
I did n't know we should n't use it , " she said .
" But after my son was born , I said , ' No , I ca n't use this water . ' "
Residents successfully petitioned against Chemical Waste Management 's proposal to accept radioactive waste , but last month People for Clean Air and Water and Greenaction for Health and Environmental Justice jointly filed a lawsuit to challenge the county 's approval of a expansion of the landfill .
" If they make it bigger , imagine ! " Alatorre said .
" We 're asking only that they do n't expand .
We 're not asking for money or anything else .
All we want is clean air and water . "
ABC News ' Suzan Clarke contributed to this report .
Providing Trusted Advice in Divorce & Other Family Law Matters
For more than 15 years , I have devoted my practice to assisting individuals confronting some of life 's biggest hurdles .
When your family 's future or your rights are at stake , I can provide the fervent and skilled representation you need to protect your rights and liberties .
My name is Laurin Haddad .
As an experienced negotiator and an aggressive trial attorney , I am known for the energetic and formidable advocacy I bring to all my clients .
I offer the insightful and passionate legal counsel that is required for your family law proceeding or divorce matter .
Diligently Protecting Clients ' Rights & Interests For 15 + Years
No matter what the age or professional status , each one of my clients receives the personal and uniquely constructed representation they truly deserve .
I take my role of being an advocate seriously .
I am determined and diligent to protect the rights of every one of my clients , regardless of the situation they are facing .
If you need supportive legal counsel for a family law issue , speak with me today .
I welcome the opportunity to meet and discuss your options .
Call ( 315 ) 505-8176 to schedule your initial consultation .
I have the same problem as Deathmamba .
I play the tutorial , it says I passed but in the mission screen the other missions are still locked .
I like the concept and the game seems well made , but I can't play it .
Twice recently , President Barack Obama has slammed congressional Republicans for voting against his economic stimulus bill in February 2009 but later touting provisions of the bill that benefited their own constituents .
During his Jan. 29 , 2010 , question - and - answer session with House Republican lawmakers in Baltimore , Obama brought up the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , as the stimulus is officially known :
" There was an interesting headline in CNN today : ' Americans disapprove of stimulus , but like every policy in it . '
And there was a poll that showed that if you broke it down into its component parts , 80 percent approved of the tax cuts , 80 percent approved of the infrastructure , 80 percent approved of the assistance to the unemployed .
Well , that 's what the Recovery Act was .
And let 's face it , some of you have been at the ribbon - cuttings for some of these important projects in your communities . "
Then , on Feb .
2 , 2010 , Obama riffed on the same theme during a town hall event in New Hampshire :
" I have to point out , though , that some of the very same folks in Congress who opposed the Recovery Act -- and claim that it has n’t worked -- have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery
Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced .
( Applause . )
They come to the ribbon - cuttings and ... ( laughter ) .
They found a way to have their cake and vote against it , too .
( Laughter . ) "
We decided that a claim that bold , repeated in two high - profile events within a week 's time , was worth a fact - check .
As it turns out , we found several cases in which lawmakers voted against the measure but later claimed credit for provisions or projects stemming from the stimulus bill .
-- Rep. Don Young of Alaska .
Young , who has served in Congress since 1973 , sent out two press releases on Feb. 13 , 2009 , the day the House passed the final version of the stimulus bill .
One was headlined , " Rep. Young Votes NO On Democrats ’ Massive Spending Bill . "
It quotes Young saying , " This bill was not a stimulus bill , it was a vehicle for pet projects , and that ’s wrong . "
Young 's second release of the day was headlined , " Rep. Young Wins Victory For Alaska Small Business . "
It explains how Young , after lobbying by the Alaska Federation of Natives , targeted a provision from the stimulus bill that would have required competitive bidding for stimulus grants and contracts .
The Alaska Natives group said the provision could have hurt its members ' ability to benefit from Small Business Administration programs .
Young , the release said , " worked with Members on the other side of the aisle to make the case for these programs , and was able to get the provision pulled from the bill . "
In the release , Young said that “ no matter if I supported this bill or not , I would make sure [ Alaska Natives ] were not hurt by it . "
-- Rep. Geoff Davis of Kentucky .
Davis , a three - term congressman , issued a news release on Jan. 28 , 2009 , the day of the first House vote on the stimulus , in which he was quoted saying that " this so - called ‘ stimulus ’ legislation is full of pet spending projects that will do very little to restore confidence in our economy or create jobs . "
But 11 months later , on Dec. 16 , 2009 , Davis sent out a release announcing the awarding of a $ 1 million - plus grant for the Carroll County School District .
" Congressman Geoff Davis is pleased to announce that the Carroll County School District has been awarded $ 1,044,140 in funding through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ( ARRA ) Early Head Start Expansion Program , " the release stated .
It goes on to say , " In these difficult economic times , it is critical to ensure that vulnerable populations in Kentucky have access to important support services like those provided by the Early Head Start program .
This important grant will allow Carroll County School District to expand their ability to provide needed assistance to local low - income families and children .
I am very proud of the work that the Carroll County School District is doing to strengthen their community , and I am pleased that our office was able to assist them in obtaining these funds . ”
As it happened , on the very same day , Davis sent out a separate release in which he referred to the " failed trillion - dollar ' stimulus ' bill . "
-- Rep. Bill Shuster of Pennsylvania .
Shuster , elected in 2001 , is a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee .
During the stimulus debate , he advocated for targeting the measure more directly toward infrastructure spending .
A Jan. 28 , 2009 , news release from his office said that " President Obama told the American people that he would stimulate our economy by rejuvenating our infrastructure .
As a longtime advocate of improving our nation ’s infrastructure , Shuster was encouraged by this announcement .
Unfortunately , the Democrats in Congress , led by Speaker [ Nancy ]
Pelosi , squandered this historic opportunity to create jobs and strengthen the backbone of our economy in order to fund 40 years of pent - up liberal pet projects . "
In November , the Blairsville ( Pa. ) Dispatch reported that Shuster attended a ceremonial groundbreaking for a new facility at a sewage treatment plant in Blairsville .
According to the newspaper , the $ 12.1 million project was funded in part by federal stimulus money .
-- Rep. Phil Gingrey of Georgia .
In a Feb. 13 , 2009 , news release , Gingrey , a four - term congressman , explained his vote by saying that " this ‘ stimulus ’ bill only perpetuates the dangerous myth that government spending will fix this economy .
...
The truth is government spending will only bury future generations in more debt . "
In October , a photograph in the Cedartown ( Ga. ) Standard showed Gingrey handing over a giant , ceremonial check for $ 625,000 in stimulus money to municipal leaders .
The money was to pay for " new sidewalks , landscaping and other improvements to the downtown area , " according to the newspaper .
A Gingrey spokeswoman told the Standard that because the project qualified for federal stimulus funds as " shovel - ready , " Gingrey " presented the proposal at the federal level . "
City commissioner Scott Tillery described Gingrey to the newspaper as " our point man when we need action from the federal government .
His staff is always interested and involved in local concerns , and the congressman will use his influence to make a case for his constituents . "
-- Sen. Richard Burr of North Carolina .
Burr voted against the stimulus yet appeared in person to present a $ 2 million - plus stimulus grant to help build a fire station to house the Bethlehem Community Volunteer Fire Department .
" This is a great thing for this county , " Burr said , according to the Hickory ( N.C. ) Daily Record .
" We 're not accustomed to federal dollars in that magnitude finding their way to North Carolina . "
A spokesman for Burr told the Associated Press in October that he was n't taking credit for the money .
" Sen . Burr was invited to the grant presentation by the Alexander County commissioners and was happy to be there to recognize the community and the fire department for their work in securing this highly competitive grant , '' the spokesman said .
In an interview with Politico , Burr added , “ Just because I voted against the stimulus does n’t mean I should n’t recognize the merit achievement of an entity . ”
None of the four House members cited above responded to a query from PolitiFact .
But the spokesman for one senior Republican lawmaker -- House Minority Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia -- did return our call .
He argued that the Democratic criticism is overblown .
Cantor , a leading stimulus opponent , has taken heat from Democrats for organizing a job fair whose participating employers benefited from stimulus funding , as well as for helping local officials lobby for stimulus money to support a high - speed rail link between Washington , D.C. , and Richmond , Va .
Brad Dayspring , Cantor 's spokesman , defended both efforts , saying that , in the first case , the congressman was simply trying to help his unemployed constituents get back to work , and , in the second case , he was continuing his longstanding efforts to boost high - speed rail .
Cantor 's advocacy on the rail issue dates back a decade , to his tenure in the Virginia legislature .
On the broader question of why Cantor opted not to support the bill , Dayspring said that the congressman made his decision based on his opposition to the vast majority of the bill 's provisions .
" The bill was so flawed , he voted against it despite his overwhelming support " for the rail provision , Dayspring said .
" If you support 1 percent of a bill and oppose 99 percent , are you expected to vote for it ? "
Let 's return to Obama 's claim .
The president said that Republicans who voted against the stimulus " have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced . "
We found at least two lawmakers -- Young and Davis -- who aggressively criticized the stimulus bill yet sent out a news release touting their own role in helping constituents benefit from the bill .
In the meantime , Obama also said that some opponents of the stimulus have " come to the ribbon cuttings " for projects funded by the bill .
Shuster , Gingrey and Burr clearly attended such ceremonies .
To us , five clear cases are enough to validate the president 's assertion that some stimulus opponents have " found a way to have their cake and vote against it , too . "
We rate Obama 's statement True .
Nobody knows what will happen in David Tennant 's final Doctor Who installment this weekend .
But at least you can be prepared , and possibly win prizes — with these handy
Who bingo cards , created by reader Troy aka bluehinter .
Advertisement
Why do I feel , reading these , that I 'm looking over Russell T. Davies ' script notes ?
I am so going to ace this .
I bet they also work as a drinking game as well .
Here 's a second one :
Advertisement
[ Thanks to bluehinter ! ]
Asian Runway Ltd is part of Lemon Group International Ltd
© 2012 | Privacy Policy
Choosing the right type of blinds for your home can be a daunting task .
There are numerous factors to consider , such as cost , color , suitability , functionality , and many more when evaluating the right type or pick blinds that suit home the best .
Most homeowners end up picking the wrong kind of blinds because they settle on the first type of blinds they come across .
This article outlines some of the factors that can help you make a well - informed decision when choosing your room ’s blinds .
Here are tips on how to pick the right blinds :
Style
Style is a crucial element when it comes to choosing a blind .
Based on your preferences , you opt for roller or Venetian blinds .
Though the two are elegant , choose one that matches your room , theme , and personal taste .
Venetian blinds are more preferred over roller blinds .
Additionally , they are more affordable than their counterparts .
Furthermore , they ’re ideal for light control as well as privacy .
Roller blinds render a contemporary streamlined appearance and are feasible for windows often used , such as the sliding doors .
All in all , the type of blinds you settle on will depend on your personal preferences .
Provided you pick what you love , there is no room for error .
Material
There are plenty of materials that are used in the making of interior blinds .
They type of material you choose will depend on your space .
For instance , pick aluminum Venetians for areas exposed to extreme heat .
These blinds have a white backing that aids in getting rid of excess heat .
For wet areas such as bathroom and kitchen , go for materials that do n’t tolerate moisture .
Aluminum Venetian and PVC blinds are ideal for such wet zones .
Window
Variation in opening and closing the different blinds styles makes it challenging to settle on the first type of blinds you come across .
The style of blinds you pick will depend on your furniture , the kind of window or door you ’ve at your disposal , etc .
Light and Privacy Control
The style of blinds you choose can be influenced by the extent of privacy and light control you need .
Venetian blinds are ideal for general living areas since they help you control light and your privacy requirements .
This is made possible through the help of adjustable slats .
Depending on your needs , you can tilt the blinds to regulate light as well as privacy .
The above are some of the factors that you need to consider when choosing your room ’s blinds .
West Houston Watson Grinding and Manufacturing Explosion
For 25 Years We Have Successfully Fought For Victims of Negligence !
Were you or your family injured or your property was damaged as a result of the west Houston explosion at Watson Grinding and Manufacturing ?
If so , call The León Law Firm immediately at 281-980-4529 .
The León Law Firm has the experience , knowledge and expertise to help you get the medical attention , restore your property and get you compensated for your damages as a result of the West Houston explosion at Watson Grinding and Manufacturing .
For 25 years we have successfully represented victims of negligence and recovered tens of millions of dollars for their injuries , damages and pain and suffering .
In this case , time is of the essence .
Investigations are underway and you want to take action immediately to fully recover from this tragic west Houston explosion at Watson Grinding and Manufacturing .
Call The León Law Firm today for a complimentary consultation for your case .
If we do take your case , you do not have to pay any out of pocket expenses and we only get paid if we are able to win a settlement for you .
Call us today !
281-980-4529 .
Hurricane Harvey Wind and Flood Insurance Claims
Put More Than Two Decades of Experience in Your Corner !
The León Law Firm is deeply saddened by the devastation resulting from the wind and flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey .
We feel for those affected and the last thing that we want is for those with legitimate insurance claims to be short changed by their insurance company .
If you or a loved one has sustained damage or business losses due to Hurricane Harvey , please do not hesitate to give us a call immediately for a complimentary consultation .
If we determine that you have a valid claim , The León Law Firm can represent you in your Hurricane Harvey claim at no cost to you .
If we do not win , we do not get paid .
Insurance companies know the game and will do their best to pay out the least amount possible on your claim .
Do not let your Hurricane Harvey claim get denied or underpaid .
Get the money you deserve to recover the damages caused by Hurricane Harvey .
Call us today .
Below is a list of the types of cases that we can represent .
Every single case is unique , so call us today for a complimentary evaluation of your Hurricane Harvey claim at 281-980-4529 .
Windstorm Damage :
For individual residences and businesses : Denials and underpaid claims External property damage ( roofs , siding , fences , porches )
Resulting interior damage ( walls , flooring , cabinets , electrical , mechanical ) Contents ( any personal property ) Additional living expenses ( hotel / rental home for restoration period )
Business interruption ( replacement revenue lost by time closed due to damage and time closed for reasonable repairs )
Hybrid Wind / Flood claims resulting in total loss of structure :
Will be reviewed case - by - case .
If structure is gone , will need to determine if wind / hail caused the damage , with a preference to wind being the culprit .
Flood Damage ( must have flood insurance ) :
Harvey - related flood / storm surge for residences and businesses : Denials and underpaid flood insurance cases only External damage to property ( does not include pools , pool equipment , or anything below the ground )
Internal property damage Personal property ( subject to standard $ 100,000 limit ) Business interruption ( if included in their policy )
Reservoir - related flooding ( Inverse Condemnation )
Accepting those with and without flood insurance
Must not have flooded before
Interior / exterior / loss of use / business interruption
Not going to be placed in a class action lawsuit
Call us today for a complimentary evaluation of your Hurricane Harvey insurance claim at 281-980-4529 .
BELFAST ( Reuters ) -
The world ’s oldest licensed distillery has entered into the spirit of St. Patrick ’s Day with a competition for a whiskey lover ’s dream job .
The Bushmills Whiskey distillery in Northern Ireland is scouring the planet for someone to work with master distiller Colum Egan and his team for a month to create his or her own blend of Irish whiskey .
It ’s unlikely there will be a shortage of candidates willing to spend a month on Northern Ireland ’s north Antrim coast , near the celebrated Giant ’s Causeway , where Bushmills has distilled whiskey since James I authorised it to do so in 1608 .
To win the job , prospective whiskeymakers ought to make sure they know the difference between Irish whiskey and its Scottish rival , beyond the fact that one is spelled with an “ e ” and the other is not , when they apply online at the Bushmills Facebook page www.facebook.com/bushmills1608.
“ If someone can prove to us that they have what it takes , then we’d be delighted to let them be the first person outside of the distillery to work alongside me to create their own special blend of Bushmills Irish Whiskey , ” said Egan .
The launch begins at 4:08 p.m. on Wednesday .
President Obama promised — again — to get serious about the deficit in last week 's State of the Union address .
If you thought those were ironic smiles and hoots of approval in the Congressional audience , you were right .
The same merry band of spendthrift Senators united last week to defeat spending cut amendments offered by Republican Senator Tom Coburn to a bill to raise the federal debt limit .
No fewer than 57 Senators voted against saving $ 20 billion by consolidating 640 programs that are duplicated ...
ATHENS , Feb 9 ( Reuters ) - Greece outlined on Tuesday its public sector incomes policy and a tax reform bill , as part of an EU - endorsed plan to increase state revenues and reduce its huge deficit .
The following are comments by Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou at a press conference :
IMPACT OF REFORMS
“ The total benefit of our incomes policy will be around 800 million euros .
EU
“ EU partners and markets will closely monitor the implementation of our fiscal plan , I believe that the response will be positive .
The measures that we have announced are becoming action ”
TIME FOR CHANGE
“ The time has come for major changes , the country ca n’t afford to wait any longer ”
TAXATION
“ From 1 . Jan. 2011 , every transaction above 1,500 euros between natural persons and businesses , or between businesses , will not be considered legal if it is done in cash .
Transactions will have to be done through debit or credit cards ”
“ With the new tax scale , there is a shift of the burden from low and middle income to high incomes .
“ There ’s tax relief for incomes up to 40,000 ( euros ) ”
“ Taxable income based on the new scales will include capital gains from the short - term trading of stocks ”
REFORMS
“ The income policy frame and the tax reform are part of the government ’s wider effort to clean up fiscal finances ... and open new roads for growth .
We all know the difficult situation the country is in , we all know the government has submitted to the European Commission a stability and growth plan .
“ We all know that the public sector wage policy is full of injustices ... which have been formed by adding up various allowances without a central direction .
“ Everyone needs to contribute clearly to the big effort to save our economy .
It is necessary to contain the cost of wages and ( have ) a just distribution of the burden between workers . ”
TAXATION
“ Every autonomous taxation ... for special professions , like engineers , architects , taxis , gas station owners and kiosks is abolished ”
BANK DEPOSITS
“ Deposits in banks outside Greece are exempted from audits of their origin if they are repatriated within six months of the passing of the tax bill and are taxed with a 5 percent rate ”
PUBLIC PENSIONS
“ Public sector pensions will increase by 1.5 percent , except those above 2,000 euros a month ”
PUBLIC SECTOR WAGE CUTS
“ We need to contain the public wage bill and fairly share out the burden ” .
“ The wage cuts will begin from 18 euros a month , reaching 345 euros a month for court officials .
In percentages , it will be between 1 and 5.5 percent ”
“ The impact on low - income earners will be mitigated by lower taxes on middle and low incomes ”
“ The public sector wage income bill increased by 88 percent since 2001 , far above the GDP increase ”
REFORMS
“ Income policy and the tax changes are in the framework of cleaning up public finances .
SPENDING CUTS
“ There will be no wage increase for the prime minister and ministers and their allowances will be cut by 10 percent . ”
“ Wages of board members in unlisted state companies will fall by 50 percent ”
“ The budget bill for allowances and compensations will be cut by 10 percent ”
As a neat little exercise , I have compiled a list of videos to show what English sounds like to people around the world .
As English speakers , we have a lot of fun imitating what certain languages sound like to us , such as French , Italian , and Chinese .
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JhuOicPFZY[/youtube]
One Great example from Family guy .
Let ’s turn the tables and see what other people think we sound like .
1 . The best of the best : Adriano Celentano - Prisencolinensinainciusol
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcUi6UEQh00[/youtube]
Italian singer , songwriter , comedian , actor , and tv host Adriano Celentano wrote this amazing in 1972 .
The video itself is pure eye candy , and the words are what English sounds like to a non-native speaker , and they ’re pure gibberish .
Celentano has stated that the song is about incommunicability in the modern age , and prisencolinensinainciusol is supposed to stand for “ universal love . ”
Amazing .
2. English as interpreted by a 9 - year old Japanese boy .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLZhclvLbfI[/youtube]
This is what English sounds like to a little Japanese boy .
It sounds like a lot of barking , with “ rock and roll ” and “ English ” thrown in there for good measure .
3. English according to a peculiar French dude .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRR_gKFT6ds[/youtube]
This strange French fellow does a surprisingly good imitation of English , along with a few other languages .
Kind of interesting .
4. Bulgarian woman attempts Mariah Carey on “ Music Idol . ”
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQt-h753jHI[/youtube]
Valentina Hasan attempting Mariah Carey ’s “ Without You ” on the Bulgarian version of American Idol .
Ridiculous .
5. Argentine band attempts English .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyqLPRx0GRg[/youtube]
An Argentine band , Masticar , wrote this song in the mid-90s to show how they felt English sounds .
6. A German Quicky .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2GYNMuTpg8[/youtube]
Here is a short clip of a German guy talking in fake English .
7. Russian attempting a Texas Accent .
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abn1Ffd9CEY[/youtube]
He also tries to do other languages as well , amusing .
8. Another French person attempting English .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLs6i-2vYpk[/youtube]
This girl sounds like she ’s speaking Chinese or something .
9. Large Peruvian sings fake English song .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3bxFuLkT10[/youtube]
This is very , very strange …
10 . Argentine girl does a great fake English impression .
Argentine Girl ’s impression
You have to go to Youtube to watch this one because embedding was disabled , but it ’s well worth the click .
One of the better English impressions on Youtube .
Do you want to bring out your talent for singing with studio quality recordings at home ?
There are plenty of
Read more
One of the great things about the internet is people can post anything they want , no matter how stupid , and lots of people who are incapable of critical thought will simply accept it .
I ’m getting emails from people who have read blog postings accusing me of “ hiding the increase ” in global temperatures when I posted our most recent ( Dec. 2009 ) global temperature update .
In addition to the usual monthly temperature anomalies on the graph , for many months I have also been plotting a smoothed version , with a running 13 month average .
The purpose of such smoothing is to better reveal longer - term variations , which is how “ global warming ” is manifested .
But on the latest update , I switched from 13 months to a running 25 month average instead .
It is this last change which has led to accusations that I am hiding the increase in global temperatures .
Well , here ’s a plot with both running averages in addition to the monthly data .
I ’ll let you decide whether I have been hiding anything :
Note how the new 25 - month smoother minimizes the warm 1998 temperature spike , which is the main reason why I switched to the longer averaging time .
If anything , this ‘ hides the decline ’ since 1998 … something I feared I would be accused of for sure after I posted the December update .
But just the opposite has happened , with accusations I have hidden the increase .
Go figure .
The US Geological Survey estimates that a new reserve of thick black crude oil found in Venezuela is about double Saudi Arabia 's oil reserves .
Scientists at the U.S. Geological Survey announced Friday that approximately 513 billion barrels of “ technically recoverable ” oil were found in the Orinoco belt region of Venezuela – twice as much as previously believed .
Outside the Middle East , the largest oil reserves in the world exist in Venezuela .
The Orinoco region spans a 50,000 - square - kilometer ( 19,305 - square - mile ) area in the eastern portion of the country .
Nearly 20 foreign oil companies hold contracts there , according to the Latin American Herald Tribune .
The USGS estimate outstrips the best - case scenario presented by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , and equals about double the supplies in Saudi Arabia , which owns a proven reserve of 260 billion barrels .
Chavez , a close associate of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , took the opportunity last January during Israel 's counterterrorism Operation Cast Lead to cut Venezuela 's long - standing diplomatic ties with the Jewish State .
He is also deeply critical of the United States .
Venezuelan oil geologist Gustavo Coronel , a former board member of Petroleos de Venezuela SA ( PDVSA ) , the country ’s state oil company , tried to play down the importance of the discovery .
He told the Associated Press that the U.S. estimate was too high , saying , “ I doubt the recovery factor could go much higher than 25 percent , and much of that oil would not be economic to produce . ”
PDVSA has estimated the area contains a total of 1.3 trillion barrels of oil – but only 280 billion are actually recoverable - compared with the 45 % estimated as recoverable by the USGS .
The find is the first such discovery for the region .
However , unlike Middle Eastern oil , which is relatively inexpensive to produce , the heavy , thick crude that was found there apparently does not flow easily .
A report published by BusinessIntelligence - Middle East pointed out that if the USGS assessment is correct , “ it could have a substantial effect on the economics of oil ” as well as “ the geopolitics of Venezuela over the next decade . ”
The U.S. government was not willing to comment on the cost - benefit ratio of the find , however .
“ We are n’t saying anything about the economics of the oil , ” Schenk told the AP .
PDVSA also declined to comment .
GENEVA , Switzerland —
A third court date has been announced for seven Baha 'i leaders imprisoned in Iran , the Baha'i International Community has learned .
The trial proceedings – begun on 12 January after the seven had been incarcerated in Tehran 's Evin prison for 20 months – will continue on Sunday , 11 April , according to information conveyed orally to their attorneys .
Government - sponsored news media reported that at the first hearing , the seven were charged with espionage , propaganda activities against the Islamic order , the establishment of an illegal administration , cooperation with Israel , sending secret documents outside the country , acting against the security of the country , and corruption on earth .
The defendants categorically deny all accusations .
A second hearing , held on 7 February , was concerned mainly with procedural matters .
The seven are Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi , Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani , Mr. Afif Naeimi , Mr. Saeid Rezaie , Mrs. Mahvash Sabet , Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli , and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm .
They were responsible for tending to the spiritual and social needs of Iran 's 300,000 Baha'is , after formal Baha 'i institutions were dissolved in 1983 .
The court proceedings have come at the same time as more Baha 'is have been arrested in Tehran .
About 13 individuals were rounded up on 3 January , with 10 of them still in custody , and another 13 were detained last week , with 11 of them still jailed .
There are at present about 60 Baha 'is in detention in various cities in Iran .
A medical lab technician who became an actress in her late 40s , Ms. Rubinstein made her film debut in 1981 in the comedy “ Under the Rainbow . ”
Her other films include “ Frances ” ( 1982 ) , “ Sixteen Candles ” ( 1984 ) , “ Teen Witch ” ( 1989 ) and “ Sinbad : The Battle of the Dark Knights ” ( 1998 ) .
On television she had a recurring role as the sheriff ’s dispatcher Ginny Weedon in the CBS series “ Picket Fences . ”
Ms. Rubinstein was also known for her public advocacy of AIDS education and the rights of little people , the term she preferred .
In 1981 she helped found the Michael Dunn Memorial Repertory Theater , whose tallest actor was 4 foot 6 . Mr. Dunn , who died in 1973 , was a dwarf actor known for the film “ Ship of Fools ” ( 1965 ) .
Zelda Rubinstein was born in Pittsburgh on May 28 , 1933 ; she was , she told The Hartford Courant in 2000 , “ the only one different in appearance ” in her family .
After studying at the University of Pittsburgh and the University of California , Berkeley , she became a technician in a blood bank .
At 47 Ms. Rubinstein abruptly decided to change careers , as she explained in The Courant interview .
“ I had no idea what I would do next , but I knew it would involve advocacy for those people who were in danger of being disenfranchised , ” she said .
“ I wanted a platform to be visible as a person who is different , as a representative of several varieties of differences .
This is the most effective way for me to carry a message saying , ‘ Yes you can . ’
I took a look at these shoulders in the mirror and they ’re pretty big .
They can carry a lot of Sturm und Drang on them . ”
I blabber on here regularly about the strategic decisions of Australia ’s two biggest retailers – Coles ( now part of the Wesfarmers empire ) & Woolworths .
The sheer size and breadth of these two firms ’ operations warrant considerable attention .
The folks at ABC TV’s Hungry Beast have done a great job of bringing together the relevant stats and information about strategic agenda ( and outcomes ) for these two giants in a very neat , short presentation :
As their graphics show ( although not explicitly ) , there is a lot going on in terms of Porter ’s Five Forces .
Coles / Wesfarmers and Woolies have affected the economic structure of their industry (s ) substantially so as to :
– reduce Rivalry ( by acquiring competitors , and by building strength across retail markets so as to reduce the likelihood of competitive attacks )
– increase their Bargaining Power vis-a-vis Suppliers
– reduce Buyer ’s choices of store operators ( and thus their Bargaining Power )
– build substantial Barriers to Entry ( although I would argue the Hungry Beast folks have misused the term greenfield ) .
The result is two firms that a massively oversized for the relatively small economy in which they operate .
Australia accounts for roughly 1.1 % of the global economy ( in terms of GDP ) .
Adding NZ ( where these firms have much smaller coverage ) only raises that figure to 1.26 % .
Nevertheless , these firms come in at # 26 and # 28 on the Deloitte rankings of Global retailers by revenue .
They are larger than all but 3 - 4 of the US ’s supermarket chains , and of the British chains only Tesco is larger .
Other than the US ’s Kroger , Safeway and Supervalu , and Germany ’s Edeka , no other large grocery chains operate in anywhere near as few countries ( the rest are in 8 - 36 countries ) .
Seems like more evidence why I should be shopping at Aldi , my local farmers ’ market and independent liquor outlet …
And thanks to Sakshi for bringing this clip to my attention .
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
Facebook
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Aldi , Australia , bargaining power , barriers to entry , business , coles , Edeka , finance , Five Forces , grocery , Kroger , michael porter , Porter 's Five Forces , retail , Retailing , Safeway , Strategic management , strategy , supermarkets , Supervalu , Tesco , wesfarmers , Woolies , Woolworths
Schlumberger Ltd. ( SLB ) will acquire Smith International ( SII ) for about $ 11 billion in an all - stock deal that is the year 's largest acquisition and will make Schlumberger by far the world 's biggest oilfield services company .
The deal , which the companies announced Sunday , will cement Schlumberger 's position atop the oil - services industry , which helps oil producers locate and drill for oil deposits .
After the deal , Schlumberger , already the biggest company in the sector by revenue and market value , would have revenues double that of its nearest rival , Halliburton Co. ( HAL ) , although most analysts expect Schlumberger to sell some assets for antitrust or other reasons .
Under the terms of the deal , Smith shareholders will receive 0.6966 Schlumberger share for each Smith share they own -- a 37.5 % premium over Smith 's share price on Thursday , when news of the deal was first reported .
The deal , which must still be approved by shareholders of both companies , is expected to close in the second half of this year .
Smith shareholders would own about 12.8 % of the combined company .
The $ 11 billion price tag , which values Smith at $ 44.51 per share based on Friday 's close , was higher than most analysts expected .
Dan Pickering , an analyst for energy - focused investment bank Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. , said some Schlumberger shareholders might also have preferred a cash - and - stock deal to an all - stock deal .
But he said the deal makes sense for Schlumberger , which will now be able to package Smith 's products with its own services to win more business .
" The deal makes sense operationally , " Mr. Pickering said .
" It 's a bit more than I would have expected from a price perspective . "
Markets had a mixed reaction to news of a possible deal on Friday .
Smith shares jumped 13 % , or $ 4.35 , to $ 37.70 , while Schlumberger 's fell 2.9 % , or $ 1.91 , to $ 63.90 , both in 4 p.m. trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
Goldman Sachs & Co. advised Schlumberger on the deal .
Smith was advised by UBS Investment Bank .
A Schlumberger - Smith pairing has long been the subject of rumors in the industry .
The companies already work together closely through a jointly owned drilling fluids business , M - I Swaco , and Smith 's top two executives -- CEO John Yearwood and Chief Financial Officer William Restrepo - - are former Schlumberger executives .
The two sides came close to finalizing a deal at different times last year , only to have it fall apart over price considerations , said people familiar with the matter .
Acquiring Smith will make Schlumberger , which maintains headquarters in Houston , Paris and The Hague in the Netherlands , a major player in one of the few areas of the industry where it did n't already have a significant presence : manufacturing drilling bits .
It will also give Schlumberger complete ownership over M - I Swaco , the drilling fluids business that has been jointly owned by the two companies since 1999 .
" Smith 's drilling technologies , other products and expertise complement our own , while the geographical footprint of Schlumberger means we can extend our joint offerings worldwide , " Schlumberger Chairman and CEO Andrew Gould said in a statement Sunday .
Mr. Gould said the merger will result in savings of about $ 160 million in 2011 and $ 320 million in 2012 .
The company declined further comment .
The Schlumberger - Smith deal is the latest in a series of mergers in the sector as oil services companies seek scale .
In May , Weatherford International Ltd. agreed to pay close to $ 500 million for the oil services business of the Russian oil company TNK - BP .
In August , Baker Hughes Inc. agreed to buy smaller rival BJ Services Inc. for about $ 5.5 billion ; that deal is expected to close later this year .
A wide breadth of services offerings and financial size have become increasingly important for services companies , which help oil companies locate and drill for oil deposits .
As more and more of the world 's oil is produced overseas , the industry 's customers are increasingly state - run oil companies , which often prefer to work with companies that can offer a full range of products and services .
Big companies like Schlumberger are also taking advantage of weakness in their smaller rivals .
The entire industry has struggled recently as global demand for energy has fallen , leading to less drilling for oil and gas .
But Schlumberger 's size and geographic diversity have helped the company weather the economic storm better than many competitors .
That , combined with the company 's $ 4.6 billion in cash and short - term investments as of Dec. 31 , have prompted speculation that Schlumberger could snap up weaker rivals .
Smith 's profits fell 80.7 % in 2009 from 2008 .
Just last month , Mr. Gould told investors that the company was " still are actively pursuing opportunities in acquisitions . "
The acquisition , Schlumberger 's largest ever , sparked speculation that rivals such as Halliburton , Baker Hughes ( BHI ) and Weatherford ( WFT ) could be forced to make their own moves to keep up .
But Mr. Pickering said he did n't see the deal setting off a wave of mergers .
" I do n't think it alters the landscape in such a dramatic fashion that it forces folks to quickly and dramatically react , " Mr. Pickering said .
But the deal could raise antitrust issues .
U.S. authorities have yet to sign off on Baker Hughes ' acquisition of BJ Services ( BJS ) , even though the companies are in almost entirely different segments of the oil business .
Analysts have said antitrust concerns will probably force Schlumberger to sell Smith 's PathFinder Energy Services business , which helps evaluate oil reservoirs .
Schlumberger spokesman Stephen Whittaker said the companies do n't anticipate antitrust problems .
The two companies have dealt with antitrust issues before .
In 1999 , the companies paid a combined $ 14.6 million for violating a 1994 anti-trust consent order in which Smith agreed not to sell its drilling fluids business to certain companies , including Schlumberger .
When Smith and Schlumberger merged their drilling fluids businesses in 1999 , a judge ruled they had violated the 1994 agreement .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
Jones Has Conceded a Little , but He Remains Unwilling to Take a More Objective View of Climate Science
One notable aspect of Phil Jones ’ responses to the BBC ( see BBC news article and Q&As ) was the fact that the BBC actually asked some probing questions and Jones actually answered them .
But of more significance was that although he was willing to admit some of the more obvious unresolved questions concerning the AGW / warmist position ( such as whether the 1975 - 98 warming is unprecedented , whether global temperatures have been declining recently , and whether the Medieval Warm Period was warmer ) , he remains unwilling to take a broader and more objective view of climate science despite having had ample time to contemplate all that has transpired .
In this his views may be representative of many of the committed warmists central to the preparation of the IPCC reports but certainly is not the objective viewpoint that EPA and others should insist on in making multi-trillion dollar regulatory decisions .
In particular :
(1) Jones admits that the 1975 - 98 warming as measured by HadCRUT is similar to earlier warming periods .
This is obvious but it is significant that someone so close to the IPCC is willing to admit it given that warmists have so strongly emphasized how unprecedented warming was during this period .
He is anxious to point out , however , the extremely recent increase in satellite - measured temperatures , but is unwilling to also consider the implications of the 1978 - 97 satellite temperature data .
This strongly suggests that the global temperature changes prior to 1998 may have been due to natural oscillations related to El Nino ( see here ) .
This is a one - sided rather than the objective approach that is more likely to lead to good science and balanced conclusions .
(2) Jones appears to be unable or unwilling to think outside of the framework of the IPCC view of what influences climate .
His view that the warming must be man-made unless solar or volcanic forcing can be shown ignores all the research on the indirect effects of solar variability ( such as the Svensmark hypothesis ) as discussed in Section 2.5 of my Comments and the effects of oceanic climate oscillations ( such as the Pacific Decadal Oscillation ) discussed in Section 2.4 .
(3) Jones still appears to see nothing wrong with splicing instrumental data on to tree - ring data without extreme care to alert readers to this .
This is extraordinary , even if some group asked him to do it , since this does not allow readers to reach reasonable conclusions as to the usefulness of the tree ring data ( and hence the claims made on the basis of it ) , which is so inconsistent with recent instrumental data .
On the surface , and to those outside the Sharks inner circle , Jed Ortmeyer ’s signing last summer looked like a simple depth move .
A willing to do anything forward , Ortmeyer had never scored more than five goals in an NHL season .
On top of that he could only garner two NHL games the previous year , forcing him to spend virtually the entire year with Milwaukee of the American Hockey League .
That sounds more like a player who may not dress for games on a regular basis .
Fast forward several months and Ortmeyer ’s signing may be one of the Sharks best this summer as his value to the team is immeasurable .
Ortmeyer has seen time everywhere but the top line and his production has been the best of his career .
To date , the Nebraska product has totaled seven goals and eight helpers in 54 games .
He is pacing for double digit goals which would match his AHL total of a year ago .
He already bested his career best of five goals .
The fit for Ortmeyer this year is a perfect blend of his talents and Sharks Head Coach Todd McLellan .
“ It ’s been a while since the coaches had confidence in me to ( make a play and score ) , ” said Ortmeyer .
“ It ’s the combination of the coaches and the system .
I think the system here is more upbeat and attacking .
I have more of an idea what to expect from my linemates .
” The great part is that while Ortmeyer may not have been happy about last year ’s assignment , he took the high road and was the better man for it .
“ It was a tough , long year for me , ” said Ortmeyer .
“ I could have approached it differently and made it a negative , but I used it as a positive to work on my game and play different roles .
If I was ( upset ) and pouting and not taking advantage of the situation , I would probably still be in the minors .
” The American Hockey League is a great place for player development San Jose fans have learned over the years .
Countless
Sharks have cut their teeth in the AHL as they ’ve prepared for life in the NHL .
However , it can be difficult going the other way .
Difficult , but still manageable if one has the right outlook .
“ I was on the power play , the first and second lines , getting 15 - 20 minute a night and making plays , ” said Ortmeyer .
“ I made the best of it and that helped boost my confidence .
It ’s paid off for me this season .
”
“ The NHL was taken away from him and the second time around , he knows how easy it is to lose , ” saidSharks Head Coach Todd McLellan .
As for his scoring success this year , there is a reason Ortmeyer is finding the back of the net .
“ I love how many times he pushes the puck to the net , ” said McLellan .
“ He ’s passed 100 shots ( 103 ) and he ’s not on the power play getting the puck a lot . ” McLellan does n’t want the pattern to stop .
“ We want him to shoot , ” said McLellan .
“ He has a very good shot and we want him to put the puck to the net .
His shooting ability is more than we thought we would get .
” Still , Ortmeyer ’s game is built around his sandpaper like qualities and he is still at his best when he is banging bodies , forechecking and doing the underappreciated requirements of an NHLer .
“ The other qualities are what got him here and are the most important , ” said McLellan .
“ Penalty killing , blocking shots , battling in the corners .
The little things that do n’t show up in the stats column .
You have to have those items to be successful as a team .
” What is amazing is n’t that Ortmeyer has capitalized on his skills , but that he has done so while fighting a difficult medical condition .
Ortmeyer has a blood clotting disorder that has him , in conjunction with the Sharks training staff , constantly monitoring his medication and diet .
The symptoms first struck while attending the University of Michigan and then he had a major episode while playing for the New York Rangers .
“ I had two blood clots in my lungs , ” said Ortmeyer who will have to regulate medication for the rest of his life , but with few extra details required during the hockey season .
“ I felt sick and had chest pains and numbness in my arms .
I started coughing up blood .
” That led to some major alterations in his life , but thankfully with everything regulated , he lives life fairly normally .
Just like the assignment to Milwaukee , Ortmeyer finds the silver lining with the condition and realizes things could have been worse .
“ There are changes in my life , things I can and ca n’t do , ” said Ortmeyer .
“ I look at it as I ’m pretty lucky to be alive and to be able to play hockey .
Fortunately , I had the right doctors and the right medication .
” Heck , Ortmeyer has found one positive that most young hockey players would love to have doctors tell their parents .
“ It was interesting having doctors tell me to stay away from leafy green vegetables , ” said the man from a state known for their steaks .
“ It was fine by me at first , but after that first six months I was craving a salad .
That was the first time in my life .
” Whether it ’s teams passing on him this season because he had been reassigned to the AHL the season prior , or being overlooked for America ’s youth national teams because he learned his skating skills in the non-traditional hockey state of Nebraska , Ortmeyer holds no grudges what has n’t gone right for him .
He is appreciative of his position and is popular with his team because of his outlook .
“ I think his teammates enjoy being around him , ” said McLellan .
Ortmeyer feels much the same way .
“ I ’m very happy here and hope they are happy with me , ” said Ortmeyer .
INJURIESThe Sharks are still waiting to see if Dan Boyle and Marc - Edouard Vlasic will play against Detroit .
“ Danny is going to be a game time decision .
I thought ( he might play ) the last game , ” said McLellan .
Vlasic is still in a wait and see time period as well .
“ We ’re still waiting , ” said McLellan .
“ We ’ll see if we get a better indicator tomorrow .
We ’re not ruling him out .
” HONOREDOn Friday night , between the Sharks contest with St. Louis and Nashville , Boyle will be flown up to Oxford , Ohio to be honored by his alma mater , Miami University of Ohio .
Boyle ’s trip has received the blessing of the Sharks organization .
“ I think I ’ll be there a total of six to eight hours , ” said Boyle of the brief trip .
Boyle is enthusiastic about returning to where he was a college star .
“ I have n’t been back in a long time and I have n’t seen the new rink , ” said Boyle .
Among the college hockey people in the Sharks room , Boyle also has some bragging rights for now .
“ It ’s nice to see the program number one in the country , ” said Boyle .
“ A San Jose pick from there ( Tommy Wingels ) is the captain so I ’ll say ‘ hi’ to him .
” SHARKS STOREThe Sharks Store located in HP Pavilion will be closed from Feb. 8 - 14 due to the SAP Open .
PLAYSTATIONWinners from a recent PlayStation contest were down at Shark Ice on Monday and got to play video hockey games with the likes of Devin Setoguchi , Ryane Clowe and Jay Leach .
“ Probably on the ice , ” was winner Jon Starnes answer when asked if Setoguchi performed better in the game or in real life .
NEXT GAMESan Jose will face Detroit Tuesday night at HP Pavilion at 7:30 p.m. Tickets can be found at the HP Pavilion Ticket Office and at www.ticketmaster.com.
The contest will be on CSN California , 98.5 KFOX and sjsharks.com .
The following is an excerpt from The Sherlock Holmes Handbook
by Ransom Riggs
Sherlock Holmes in The Final Problem .
Art by Sidney Paget ( 1893 )
“ I owe you many apologies , dear Watson , but it was all - important that it should be thought I was dead , and it is quite certain that you would not have written so convincing an account of my unhappy end had you not yourself thought that it was true . ”
- Sherlock Holmes , “ The Empty House ”
Any consulting detective as successful as Sherlock Holmes is sure to rack up an impressive list of powerful enemies , and sometimes — as Holmes decided was the case in “ The Final Problem ” — the best way to escape their vengeance is to fake one ’s own death .
This is by no means an option for the faint of heart .
Not only is it a cruel thing to inflict upon those who care for you , but it requires an exceeding amount of bother to execute the deed properly .
Pray that you never have to embark upon the steps outlined here !
1. Design a persuasive death scene .
The best kind — and your only option , really — is a death that leaves no recognizable body behind .
Explosions or fires are good choices , provided you plant a skeleton in the wreckage that may plausibly be identified as your own .
Water - related tragedies in which the corpse is unrecoverable are also ideal , as was Holmes 's choice in “ The Final Problem ” — he made it appear as though he ’d tumbled over the lofty Reichenback Falls , the treacherous bottom of which authorities did n’t even bother to search for his remains .
Holmes ’s footprints led up to the precipice and disappeared , leading all concerned to conclude he had fallen to his death — when in fact he merely climbed over a nearby ledge , where he hid until the scene was deserted and he could make a stealthy escape .
2. Skip town .
As long as you remain near your old familiar haunts or anyone who might recognize you , you ’re in danger .
Get as far as possible from your home and the scene of your “ death , ” as quickly as you can .
When Holmes miraculously returns to London in “ The Empty House , ” he tells Watson about the exotic places he ’d lived in the intervening three years : Tibet , Persia , Mecca , and Egypt , among other distant locales .
Those were extreme choices , to be sure , but extraordinarily safe ones — the chances of his meeting someone there whom he had known prior to his “ death ” were low indeed .
3. Assume a new identity .
Though your body lives on , your former identity must die .
Grow facial hair , change your walk , and develop a new accent to help bury obvious traces of your former self .
While traveling far and wide , Holmes went undercover as a Norwegian explorer named Sigerson , whose exploits and discoveries were fantastic enough to make international headlines .
Yet he was never recognized as Holmes himself , so convincing was this disguise .
4. Arrange access to a supply of money .
Travel is expensive , and you ’ll no longer have access to bank accounts or lines of credit established under your real name .
You can always bring cash with you or deposit money into an anonymous offshore account , but keep in mind that making any sudden , last - minute transfers or withdrawals into that account before your death is extremely suspect behavior .
If you ’re able to plan your death significantly in advance , make gradual , monthly transfers over a period of several years to avoid suspicion .
Less advisable was Holmes ’s technique :
He revealed himself to his brother Mycroft , who became Holmes ’s sole confidant and source of funds .
Had Mycroft been compromised in some way , Holmes ’s secret would ’ve been revealed , and his life put into considerable danger .
Which brings us to the next point :
5. Reveal yourself to no one .
The wrenching heartache endured by your loved ones is your enemies ’ most convincing proof you ’re really dead .
Should their grief - stricken ululations seem forced or overly theatrical , someone is sure to smell a rat .
This profound separation from friends and relations will undoubtedly be the most trying aspect of your ordeal , as even cold and logical Holmes admits ---“ Several times during the past three years I have taken up my pen to write to you , ” he apologizes to Watson — but such cruel alienation is necessary .
Holmes explains why : ” I feared your affectionate regard for me should tempt you to some indiscretion which would betray my secret . ”
6 . Wait until your enemies are at their weakest to return .
With time , the fires of your enemies ’ vengeance will cool , and their guard will fall .
They may themselves die or be jailed ( for such are dangers of the criminal life ) and when they are at their most defenseless , as Holmes judged his to be shortly before his dramatic resurrection , it ’s time to return home .
7. Minimize the shock to your friends and family .
When Holmes finally revealed himself to Watson , he does it in such a shocking way — which Holmes himself later confesses was “ unnecessarily dramatic ” — that poor Watson , a veteran of war and a man of sound constitution , faints on the spot .
Imagine the effect such an appearance would have on the elderly or the anxious , and do your all to introduce yourself to them gradually .
Save surprising flourishes for your enemies !
__________
The article above is excerpted from The Sherlock Holmes Handbook : The Methods and Mysteries of the World 's Greatest Detective by Ransom Riggs .
There are many guides and handbooks written over the years , but I dare say that this is one of the most fun ( and most useful , if you want to become a world - famous detective ) .
The Sherlock Holmes Handbook : The Methods and Mysteries of the World 's Greatest Detective , published by Quirk Books and written by our pal Ransom Riggs - a lifelong Holmes aficionado and regular contributor to mental_floss magazine and blog - features the skills that would - be sleuths should know .
Need to decode ciphers and analyze fingerprints ?
Check .
Disguise yourself and outwit a criminal mastermind ?
No problem .
For avid Holmes fans , history buffs , and armchair sleuths of all sorts , The Sherlock Holmes Handbook will satisfy " Baker Street Irregulars " of all ages .
Climbing Mountains and Proving Theorems
The parallels between climbing great peaks and solving open problems
Edmund Hillary is not a theoretician , but is world renowned for the first successful ascent and descent of Everest .
He did this with Tenzing Norgay in 1953 .
Today I want to talk about the connection between mountain climbing and solving mathematical problems .
By mountain climbing I mean climbing Everest or K2 or one of the dozen other 8,000 plus meter peaks ; by solving mathematical problems I mean solving hard open problems .
I believe that there are some interesting connections between these two vastly different tasks .
Let me explain .
A Disclaimer
I want to start by saying I could never climb anything higher than a step ladder .
Even that might be a stretch for me .
Equally , I have solved some nice problems over the years , but I certainly am not one who has knocked off many great , or even lesser , open problems .
However , I still think that I can say something about the relationship between these two .
I hope you will agree .
Climbing Mountains
I would like to start by listing some facts about climbing that are believe are true .
One of my favorite types of books to read are true stories of mountain climbing .
If you like this genre , some of my favorites are :
The Kid Who Climbed Everest , by Bear Grylls .
Into Thin Air : A Personal Account of the Mount Everest Disaster , by Jon Krakauer .
On the Ridge Between Life and Death : A Climbing Life Reexamined , by David Roberts .
Forever on the Mountain : The Truth Behind One of Mountaineering ’s Most Controversial and and Mysterious Disasters , by James M. Tabor .
No shortcuts to the top : climbing the world ’s 14 highest peaks , by Ed Viesturs , David Roberts .
K2 : Life and Death on the World ’s Most Dangerous Mountain , by Ed Viesturs , David Roberts .
You cannot reach the top if you do not climb .
This sounds trivial but it still is true .
If you do not try to climb the summit of K2 , then you certainly will not reach it .
Climbing requires a team .
Everest is a perfect example , as are most of the 8,000 meters peaks .
There are some who have climbed solo , but the rule is that a great deal of work has to be done by a team to get even one to the summit .
Great climbers have multiple skills .
The best climbers need great technical skill , great mental toughness , careful planning , and luck .
Ed Viesturs points out that mountains allow you to climb them , you cannot just attack and climb them if they do not wish to be climbed .
Success requires reaching the summit and getting down .
George Mallory may have been the first to reach Everest ’s summit of 29,029 feet — but he never made it down .
Know when to turn around and go down .
Great climbers know when the summit is out of reach .
They know when they need to climb back down the mountain .
Perhaps they will reach the summit another time , but they know it will not happen now .
Never rely on another ’s rope .
The best climbers will check others ’ ropes very carefully before they use them .
Many will almost never rely on any rope they have not placed themselves or by a trusted colleague .
Solving Problems
You cannot reach the top if you do not climb .
In solving this translates into : you cannot solve an open problem if you do not think about the problem .
One of the many themes that I have repeated many times is , in today ’s terms , get out there and try to climb a mountain .
Climbing requires a team .
In solving this translates into : the team in mathematics is those that have worked already on the open problem .
Just as in climbing there are “ solo ” climbs , but even these have often relied on past climbers who proved that an approach could work .
In problem solving we need to use the work that has come before .
Also we need to work in teams : today many papers seem to have more and more authors .
Even when the final paper is written by one mathematician , there is almost always others who helped .
This was true with Andrew Wiles solution of Fermat ’s Last Problem ; it was also true with Grigori Perelman ’s solution of the Poincaré Conjecture .
Success has several components .
In solving this translates into : clearly solving hard problems requires technical skill .
They also require mental toughness .
Imagine the resolve that Wiles had in working alone on his problem for years — literally in his attic .
The same for almost anyone who has solved an open problem .
Finally , just as in climbing there is , I believe , an element of “ luck . ”
Some approaches that eventually worked on an open problem just make it : there may be a perfect cancellation of two terms , for example .
Success requires reaching the summit and getting down .
In solving this translates into : the lesson here is to solve the problem , but to also get “ down . ”
That means — in my view — to get the solution written up and made public .
There are many open problems that have been solved more than once .
So by “ getting down ” I mean that you need to write up , and make your result accessible to others .
There are many famous examples of the failure to do this .
One of my favorite concerns the following pretty theorem from number theory — that was conjectured previously by Carl Gauss :
Theorem :
There are only a finite number of imaginary quadratic fields that have unique factorization .
They are for
This was proved first by Kurt Heegner 1952 , but the proof was thought to be flawed .
The first accepted proof was by Harold Stark in 1967 .
Then , the Heegner proof was re-examined and discovered to be correct .
Oh well .
Know when to turn around and go down .
In solving this translates into : know when to quit on a problem .
Or at least when to put the problem aside .
I have talked about mathematical diseases before ; a good solver knows when their ideas are not going to work .
Staying forever working on the same problem — summit — is a bad idea .
In climbing it will get you killed , while in solving it will waste a great deal of time and energy .
Never rely on another ’s rope .
In solving this translates into : if you are using another ’s lemma or work , you need to understand their work .
Of course if you are using Gauss ’s Quadratic Reciprocity Theorem , then perhaps you could trust the result .
But , if you are using a new result , or even a result that has been around “ checking the rope ” is probably a good idea .
I have personally spent several months using a published result that was in a great journal , had been generalized by another , only to discovery eventually that their “ ropes ” were frayed .
In the end multiple papers had to be retracted — several papers were wrong .
Open Problems
I hope you like the analogy to climbing .
There are , of course , two big differences .
First , when we fail , we do not get killed .
Second , there are only fourteen mountains over 8,000 meters .
In the theory we seem to have an unending supply of great peaks to climb .
Somehow as soon a peak is scaled , another higher and harder one is unveiled .
Good luck , try and climb some high peaks , and be careful .
Nats Fans Beware :
Too much of a good thing can be bad for your health .
Here 's what can happen when watching future Nats Ace Stephen Strasburg battle back from a 3 - 0 count to strike a batter out !
The first time around shows Strasburg 's last three pitches ( all strikes ) & you have to look hard in order to see the incontrollable response of a rabid Nats fan .
This next shot is a zoomed in look at that last strike
Last , is a freeze frame of the fan in question , fist to head !
Beware : this could happen to you !
Nats fans just are n't use to this type of quality player in recent years !
Update : YouTube responded to the letter from EFF and the National Coalition Against Censorship by doing just what we asked .
They state : " We have re-reviewed your videos and have reinstated them with an age gate . "
This is good news , and YouTube is to be commended for correcting its error .
Amy Greenfield 's channel now has her videos .
Still , the fact that it took two nationally known groups to bring this matter to YouTube 's attention is troubling .
It demonstrates that YouTube still has work to do to create a viable appeals process .
In addition , as we noted below , YouTube should still change its policy to expressly allow artistic works that contain nudity , and give individual artists the same freedom it reserves for professional television and film .
Previous Post : Today EFF and the National Coalition Against Censorship ( NCAC ) wrote to YouTube , asking the video hosting giant to reconsider its removal of the work of internationally recognized video artist Amy Greenfield .
Amy Greenfield received notice from YouTube that her works , which contain some artistic nudity , did not conform with YouTube ’s " community standards . "
Under YouTube 's policies , " films and television shows may contain [ full nudity ] ; however , videos originating from the YouTube user community must abide by the YouTube Community Guidelines and are not permitted to include such content . " ( emphasis in original ) .
The Community Guidelines purport to allow nudity with “ some educational , documentary and scientific content , but only if that is the sole purpose of the video and it is not gratuitously graphic , ” but does not recognize the value of nudity in art .
When video artists present works that have clear artistic , political or educational merit , YouTube should allow the artist to post the material with at least the same freedom as major studio films and television .
If a user community video is flagged as inappropriate , YouTube should at least have an appeals process to allow an artist to explain the artistic merit .
While we understand YouTube 's desire to keep pornography off its servers , it must also understand that not all nude art is pornographic .
Alexander Ovechkin : “ Jagr made a move to my side and I just hit him ” ( Photo © Gene J. Puskar , AP )
Team Russia forward Alexander Ovechkin commented on his hit on Jaromir Jagr of the Czech Republic in a game between Russia and Czech Republic at the Olympic Games 2010 in Vancouver .
“ I see him coming and my first reaction was to play the puck , ” Ovechkin said to NHL.com .
“ He made a move to my side and I just hit him . ”
Alexander Ovechkin switched the moment in favor of Russia with a bone crushing , open ice hit on Jaromir Jagr in the first few minutes of the final stanza .
The puck then ended up on Alexander Semin ’s stick , who served Evgeni Malkin with a great cross ice pass .
Malkin one - timed the puck in for the game winning goal in Russia ’s 4 - 2 win over Czech Republic .
Ovechkin told Russian site sports.ru , “ I hit Jagr automatically .
I ’m happy that we managed to score a few seconds later .
We hugged each other after the game .
Jagr bears no grudge at me .
This is hockey , this is the Olympics , anything can happen here . ”
After the game Jagr told SovSport , “ I wish I had a concussion , I would forget Ovechkin sooner .
I do n’t think the hit was legal . ”
Jagr , quoted by Craig Custance of SportingNews.com , acted like a true teamplayer , not looking for excuses after losing the puck to Russia in the neutral zone .
“ The hit I do n’t really care , the mistake , the turnover I made … that hurts .
That hurt me the most . ”
Kovalchuk , quoted by Craig Custance , added : “ That ’s a great hit .
It ’s a clean hit …
It was a big moment for us . ”
Video of Ovechkin’s hit on Jagr .
Podcasts can be a source of information as well as tips for everything you need to know about .
It can be about music , arts , science , environment .
It can even be about the latest issues and controversies .
Of course , you can also find podcasts that talk about casinos , including tips and the news .
So here I talk about the best podcasts you can check out using podcasts apps to listen to casino tips and news on your mobile device .
Cousin Vito ’s Casino Podcast
Cousin Vito ’s Casino Podcast is a show made for gamblers .
They talk about helpful tips and tricks as well as hints to help you have fun when gambling .
Professor Slots
Professor Slots feature Jon Friedl as he reveals all his tips and tricks and gives advice for people who want to thrive in the slot machine in any type of casino , online or not .
Thinking Poker
If Professor Slots focuses on slot games , then Thinking Poker is for people who want to learn tips and tricks and maximize their chances in poker games .
Gambling Podcast : You Can Bet on That
This is another podcast similar to Cousin Vito ’s Casino Podcast as it was made solely for someone who ’s interested in gambling .
However , this time , they focus on recreational gambling .
Best Way to Open a New Online Sportsbook / Casino Account + Free Sports Picks Today
The content of this podcast is already obvious from the name itself .
Since opening sportsbooks or casino accounts online can be a bit complex , they provide tips on how to do it best .
Gamble On
Gamble
On is another podcast made for gamblers .
They talk about gambling including sports betting and casinos .
They also announce the latest news in the industry .
Gamblecast
Gamblecast is brought by the team at Gambling .com and is perhaps the most popular podcast when it comes to gambling .
They provide news as well as tips and strategies with gambling , including casinos .
Middle Management Movement by Michelle Pascoe
While it ’s a bit different from the other podcasts on this list , this one is still helpful for gamblers .
This is because here they talk about how to manage casinos , so it might be best utilized by someone learning about casino management .
Vital Vegas Podcast
Vital Vegas Podcast is , of course , a podcast that talks about gambling .
However , this time they focus on the famous city , Las Vegas .
They cover various topics as well as inform listeners about the latest news in the area .
99 % CRAPS
Evident from the name of the podcast , it focuses on the game CRAPS and features two craps players .
They talk about tips and give advice to listeners .
There are hundreds of podcasts out there , some of them talking about casinos one way or another .
At the end of the day , you ’ll have to rely on your needs such as what game you badly need to learn , or if you ’re looking for tips or just news .
Documentary revisiting John Davidson , who featured in a BBC documentary about Tourettes syndrome in 1988 , as well as 15 - year - old Greg Storey .
How do their experiences compare ?
In 1988 , teenager John Davidson featured in a BBC documentary about Tourettes .
At that time , few people had even heard of Tourettes Syndrome , let alone knew anything about the neurological condition which , at its worst , causes violent body movements and outbursts of swearing .
John was 16 , and trying to come to terms with a frightening world where his language and behaviour was a constant form of offence to everyone around him .
In 2002 , he took part in a follow - up film alongside 8 - year - old Greg Storey , who had recently been diagnosed with Tourettes .
Now , seven years on , this film revisits both John ( aged 37 ) and Greg ( aged 15 ) , and sees how their worlds have changed .
Greg is now the same age as John was when he first took part in a documentary .
How does Greg 's experience of being a teenager with Tourettes compare to John's , and how does John 's life continue to change ?
A black and red flag is flown where a Greek flag usually flies on the Athens Academy and also kicking off in Germany : http://www.thelocal.de/national/20091204-23713.html
( XYLO )
On Summit provides occasional updates and content from Jeff Regensburger .
Mostly it 's about art , but there might be stuff about friends , music , museums and libraries too .
Is there a way to make the name of a graph data point be the output of a corresponding OID ?
We have ICT Electrical Distribution panels and I can pull the Amps easily enough .
There are 2 banks of 4 so I was going to group each bank .
There is an OID that ...
Amazingly , no one was seriously hurt in this accident .
70 percent of emergency food centers face threats to their survival
If there is any indicator of the toll that the Great Recession has taken on the public , it would be the statistics beginning to emerge about hunger in the US .
According to a study from the nation ’s largest food bank operator , the number of Americans in need of food aid has jumped 46 percent in three years , including a 50 percent jump in the number of children needing food assistance , and a 64 percent increase in hunger in senior citizens ’ homes .
ADVERTISEMENT
The study , Hunger in America 2010 , found that 37 million people , or roughly one in eight US residents , received food aid in 2009 .
That ’s a 46 percent jump from a similar survey carried out in 2006 .
“ Clearly , the economic recession , resulting in dramatically increasing unemployment nationwide , has driven unprecedented , sharp increases in the need for emergency food assistance and enrollment in federal nutrition programs , ” said Vicki Escarra , president and CEO of Feeding America , which operates some 200 food banks across the country .
The study found a growing number of people having to make difficult choices about what to spend their dwindling dollars on , with the rising cost of health care a major contributing factor to hunger .
“ More than 46 percent of clients served report having to choose between paying for utilities or heating fuel and food ; 39 percent said they had to choose between paying for rent or a mortgage and food ; 34 percent report having to choose between paying for medical bills and food ; and 35 percent must choose between transportation and food , ” the study reports .
“ It is morally reprehensible that we live in the wealthiest nation in the world where one in six people are struggling to make choices between food and other basic necessities , ” Escarra said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
She added that “ [ t ] hese are choices that no one should have to make , but particularly households with children .
Insufficient nutrition has adverse effects on the physical , behavioral and mental health , and academic performance of children . ”
Feeding America ’s study is just the latest to show an alarming trend line for hunger in the United States .
Last week , a report ( PDF ) from the Food Research and Action Center found that nearly one in five in the US — 18.5 percent — report having gone hungry in the past year , up from 16.3 percent at the start of 2008 .
Households with children were even likelier to experience hunger , with nearly a quarter reporting hunger in the past year .
ADVERTISEMENT
Perhaps worst of all , the Feeding America study finds that 70 percent of emergency food centers are reporting “ one or more problems that threaten their ability to continue operating . ”
“ While we have reached many more people over the past four years , the need of hungry Americans far outpaces our current level of service , ” Escarra said .
SCIENTISTS have captured amazing underwater shots - including a tiger shark stalking a sea snake - in a multimillion - dollar push to monitor the Great Barrier Reef in real time .
Abdominal Etching Abdominal etching gives patients a tighter , flatter stomach area with better muscle definition .
more >
Abdominoplasty Abdominoplasty is a surgical procedure to remove excess fat and skin from the mid and lower stomach area and to tighten ... more >
Body Fat Transfers
Patients in their 30 ’s to late 60 ’s who have lost volume in a specific body area may benefit from fat transfers .
more >
Body Implants
Patients who want to boost self - esteem or improve a particularly imbalanced body shape may benefit from body implants .
more >
Booking a Medical Vacation Research is important to ensuring a successful and safe medical vacation .
more >
Breast Augmentation Breast augmentation is a procedure that enhances the size and shape of a woman 's breast .
more >
Breast Lift Known as mastopexy , breast lift surgery is a procedure that raises and reshapes drooping breasts .
more >
Breast Reduction Breast reduction can help women have smaller , more body - proportionate breasts and minimize problems like neck and back ... more >
Brow Lift
A brow lift is performed to help reduce age - related creases and wrinkles in the forehead .
more >
Cellulite Treatment
The aim of an effective cellulite treatment is the removal of this unwanted body fat , which is not related to obesity .
more >
Chin Surgery
Chin surgery is a procedure to help reshape the chin either with reduction surgery on the bone , or implants to enhance ... more >
Cosmetic Surgery Plastic surgeries cost a third of what they do in the U.S. , without compromising quality .
more >
Dental bridges Dental bridges are a fixed or removable tooth replacement supported at each end by a natural tooth .
The bridge covers ... more >
Dental Care Discover the advantages of affordable cosmetic dentistry in Costa Rica .
more >
Dental Crowns
A dental crown restores a tooth's shape , size , strength and appearance by encasing the tooth in a custom molded cap .
more >
Dental Implants Dental implant surgery replaces missing or damaged tooth roots to give the look and feel of a perfect smile .
more >
Dental Veneers Dental veneers are a thin custom made layer of tooth - colored material mounted over the front surface of a tooth to ... more >
Eyelid Surgery Eyelid surgery is a popular procedure used to remove excess fat , skin or muscle from the lower and upper eyelids .
more >
Facelift A facelift can help treat facial skin laxity and sagging , and the results often last for more than ten years .
more >
Facial Rejuvenation
A variety of facial rejuvenating procedures exist to minimize the appearance of aging skin .
more >
Full Mouth Restoration
Full mouth restoration , full mouth reconstruction and full mouth rehabilitation – terms used interchangeably - refer to ... more >
Injectables & Fillers
A variety of fillers and injectables like Botox , help reduce or eliminate wrinkles and creases in the facial area .
more >
Labiaplasty Labiaplasty is a surgical procedure for women who have a problem with asymmetric or large labia .
more >
Laser Treatments
Various laser treatments can be used for scar removal , tattoo removal , and hair removal .
more >
Lip Augmentation Lip augmentation is a procedure to create fuller lips through the use of cosmetic facial filler , fat transfer , or lip ... more >
Liposuction Liposuction is a procedure designed to remove localized fat in one or more areas of the body .
more >
Medical Tourism Costa Rica is internationally recognized as a top - notch medical tourism destination .
more >
Neck Lift Loose skin , deep band lines , and excess fat all contribute to a sagging “ turkey neck ” – a problem for people of all ... more >
Otoplasty Ear surgery , also known as otoplasty , is typically performed to set prominent ears closer to the head or to reduce the ... more >
Panniculectomy
A panniculectomy is typically indicated in persons after massive weight loss to help remove excess fat and skin .
more >
Rhinoplasty
One of the most common plastic surgeries worldwide , rhinoplasty is a procedure to reshape the nose .
more >
Root Canals
A root canal is a dental procedure used to repair decay and infection that has reached a tooth 's nerve .
It consists of ... more >
Spider Vein Treatment
Both men and women suffer from unsightly spider veins , very thin web - like veins frequently located on the thighs , ankles ... more >
Thread lift Often referred to as the “ lunchtime facelift , ” a thread lift is a less costly and less invasive alternative to a ... more >
Lotus has officially revealed the car it will return to F1 with in 2010 at a launch ceremony in London .
See below for pictures of the Lotus T127 – the first Lotus since 1994 .
F1 pictures
Yesterday we reviewed the riveting tale of the triumphant rise and epic fall of my first truck .
Today I am presenting you with what I am calling “ The Reincarnation ” .
With my first truck solemnly resting in a junkyard far beyond the point of no return , I found myself in desperate need of that missing flame that my Dodge Ram 50 and I once had .
I needed to have the heart and soul of my first truck , but with heaping gobs of horsepower , more interior space , and a clutch pedal .
To me , that would be pure perfection .
Being a fairly typical gearhead , I get a thrill when I open my hood for people and surprise them with a power plant that they do n’t expect .
I ’m not talking about Chevy engines in Fords though , that is still bizarre to me …
I am talking more about upgrades within the same genre .
Like a Dodge minitruck with the same make fuel injected , turbocharged , DOHC engine where a carbureted loaf once puttered .
Doubling or tripling the factory horsepower and getting more than 1 horsepower per cubic inch intrigues me .
It ’s even better when it appears like the vehicle came that way .
Onlookers begin to question their own eyes .
As you may or may not know , a Dodge Ram 50 truck is really the same as a Mitsubishi Mightymax truck so most parts are interchangeable .
Mitsubishi built them for Dodge in the 1980 ’s and early 1990 ’s using all Mitsubishi parts , and Dodge decals .
So , I figured that if Dodge equals Mitsubishi and Mitsubishi built 220 horsepower turbocharged Mitsubishi Eclipses , then I could potentially get a 4G63 turbo Mitsubishi Eclipse ( DSM ) engine swapped into a Dodge Ram 50 .
Simple !
With some bolt on upgrades , I could be in the neighborhood of 250 + horsepower , and I liked that thought , a lot .
One day , many years ago , I was hanging out on some local automotive internet forums when a kid asked if anybody needed parts from a 1989 Dodge Ram 50 Extended cab .
I was n’t actually looking to buy a truck at that time but I sent him a message anyway asking if he had the whole truck and what was wrong with it .
He quickly responded letting me know that he had the whole truck , it was in great shape , but had a hole in the engine block .
It was currently sitting in a parking lot and it needed to be gone ASAP .
Could this be my new Ram 50 ?
I thought .
“ Oh and 1 more thing ” he said , “ it ’s free and has a clean title ” .
Yes , everything had officially fallen into place .
I picked up the truck the following weekend , and it was exactly what I had been dreaming about for years .
Clean original paint , macro ( extended ) cab , low mileage , straight body , very little rust , it was perfect in my eyes .
Within days , I had ripped the junk engine out and grabbed an engine from a 1991 Mitsubishi Eclipse .
I dropped the 4G63 into it ’s new home with custom motor mounts , and a variety of other custom accessories .
Wiring , plumbing , cutting & welding was intense for a couple months , and at the 3 month mark , the truck was drivable .
Driving it brings back all the happiness and memories that I had in my first truck , but now with more tire burning gross displays of horsepower , and 5 gears to shift through .
I have been driving it for several years now , and it never lets me down ( unless I deserve it ) .
It starts every time , runs smooth , and generally loves to be a usable truck again .
Current list of modifications :
– 1989 Dodge Ram 50 Macro Cab 5 speed truck
– 1991 Mitsubishi Eclipse 4G63 Engine .
DOHC , turbo , intercooled , ~ 18psi .
– 1985 Mitsubishi Montero Limited Slip Differential , 3:55 gears .
– Cadillac Escalade 17 ″ wheels
– Custom clutch
– 1987 Dodge Ram 50 2.0L 5 speed transmission
– 1991 Mitsubishi Eclipse FWD Flywheel
– Custom driveshaft , motor mounts , radiator pipes
– 1991 Mitsubishi Mightymax waterpump
– 1993 + Mitsubishi Mightymax Grille + Bumper
After my first truck ’s lesson , I ca n’t see myself ever getting rid of this truck .
The fact that it will get sideways at 40 + mph is enough to scare me to death and make me keep it forever .
" I knitted this entire coif for your 8 year old daughter , since I heard she likes Disney princesses and might be very thrilled to know she 's wearing something I made from a collection of color illustrations from my tattered copy of MODES ET COSTUMES HISTORIQUES .
It goes well with a male doublet , too , and is reversible from maroon to royal blue .
Hand wash only .
Yes , that 's real turkey feathers and ivory !
You 're welcome ! "
So , an Ars thread on what to do with solicitors reminded me of my first apartment .
I have a bunch of pagan friends , and while someone might think I am being clever in some double entendre way , I mean that literally : I have friends who practice the collective religions known as paganism .
Most , sadly , are not the fun naked nymphs who flutter about in bad movies made by the English ; they are mostly a motley collection of ... well , people who look like me .
How I found these people is a side story of its own , worthy of a novel , but suffice to say that a lot of people in the world have no idea the number of people who practice pagan rites that have government jobs and everything .
Suffice to say they are the most disorganized fun bunch of weirdos I have ever had the pleasure of hanging out with from time to time ; I 'd trust them more with children than most Christian leadership , that 's for darn sure .
So , shortly afterand I were married , some pagan friends had a huge gathering at our apartment .
As I recall , it started because we were conveniently geographically central to everyone coming for the gathering , and we said " sure . "
Like most pagan rituals , no one had a serious agenda , but it was decided on that there would be a gathering , then some ritual involving a circle , blessings , candles , food , followed by general disorganized talking about the sorts of things one usually talks about at parties .
Except we'd be wearing robes .
You have to have robes at pagan gatherings .
I do n't know why .
I guess it 's because most pagans are fairly portly people , and robes are the mumu of the colder climates .
But this is preferable to " skyclad , " where people are naked .
Sensibly , skyclad ceremonies are held outdoors in isolated areas during the summer .
Non pagans who think seeing naked people outdoors is akin to de-scrambling the Playboy channel would be woefully disappointed at the collection of government workers that would roam about like buffalo , smiling as if they had no idea that they had such a hairy belly .
The men are even less self - conscious about it .
I would suggest anyone take a good look at a statistical sample of the people who visit the local grocery store , and imagine them all naked , eating overripe organic fruit without the benefit napkins .
Truth be told , many pagans do n't like seeing this , either .
So robes it is .
Even in 90 + degree weather .
Which brings me back to our apartment .
Once about two dozen assorted candles were lit , the apartment began to get rather hot .
We had one bathroom , so those that did n't come in their robes ( and there were some that were ) changed one by one into an assortment of garments one usually only finds in a Halloween shop or the Pyramid Catalog .
A few may have once been bedsheets , but pagan folk have an unusually high amount of people with sewing thread in their veins , and can turn a boring bedsheet into a faithful reproduction of a 11th century wedding gown .
Or know someone who will .
Whether you asked them to or not .
So imagine a one bedroom apartment filled with 20 people in sweaty robes , quasi - medieval garb , re-purposed bed linens , and one very large man in a pastel rainbow kilt .
No , not me , * I * was wearing a black robe I used to wear at science fiction conventions when I went as a priest of Cthulhu ; the rainbow kilt was worn by a very large man named , ironically enough , Tynie .
A friendly man with a huge beard and carrying a large sword , Tynie was not as rotund as he was tall , but he was getting there .
I would say he was about a full head higher than I was , which would put him at about 6 ' 10 " .
He was carrying the sword as his part of being " guardian of the circle , " which will play an important part later in the story .
So why did we need one of those ?
And what clan of the Moors wears the pastel plaid ?
I can answer the first one : the circle is " drawn " on the ground in pantomime to show where you stand .
It 's part of the ritual , which I wo n't get into , because some of you fell asleep when I mentioned words like " coif " and " doublet . "
But imagine it like some kind of huge teacher 's pointer saying , " you go here , stand inside of this place , and LOOK OUT FOR THAT CANDLE ! "
The symbolism of the sword is also to protect against bears that used to roam into Druidic circles and munch on drunken pagan folk .
Of course , that does n't happen anymore , except in certain areas of Dupont Circle where bear attacks mean something else entirely .
Which leads to the second part about the rainbow kilt : I really can't answer that with any confidence , except to say perhaps that members of the clan walk a little funny ... hand - in - hand in the fields of heather .
Even though there were almost two dozen of us hungry folk smelling the cooling bread , pies , and roast in our small galley kitchen , we could not eat yet because the ritual had to come first .
The ritual always comes before the food , it is said , to prevent us from being sluggish and grounded .
I suspect it's to keep the ritual short , as some priests and priestesses will go on for quite a long while about spirits and gods and birds and fruits and grains and the meaning of the holidays and how we should all be mindful on what we trod on and LOOK OUT FOR THAT CANDLE !
Food keeps our focus back to what 's important .
But we could n't start the ritual because important guests from afar were not there yet .
This was in 1989 , before everyone had a cell phone , so once you got started on a car trip , you had no way to be contacted except if you stopped at a gas station pay phone .
So our two late guests were holding everything up , and there was much discussion over the sound of growling stomachs if we should hold the ritual anyway .
Was that fair ?
And as some paranoid gossip started to spring up that maybe they were n't coming at all and surely we would starve to death and how awkward a crime scene would that be ?
Robe - clad skeletons amid melted wax and a rainbow kilt ?
As the host of the gathering , I was merely an observer , but after one of my cats nearly knocked over some candles into the fish tank , it was decided to hold the ceremony anyway .
One of the guests was a priest , but we had more than one person would could fill in for them .
People assembled , and the priest and priestess put everyone where they should stand .
Everyone grounded themselves , and assumed various yoga like poses .
The ceremony was to begin .
One of the priests asked for friendly spirits to guide them , and right away there was a knock at the door .
People snickered .
Our guests had arrived !
Or so we thought .
Tynie had to " cut a door " in the circle to let them in , which was right next to our real door .
Trying to impress our guests ,
Tynie threw open the door , raised his sword , and shouted , " HAIL AND BE WELCOME !!" " We have been expecting you , where have you been ... " trailed off another person as it became clear to us that the two people in blazers at the doorway were not the guests we expected .
In the 1880s , a man by the name of Charles Taze Russell founded a group of revisionists that led to the formation of Zion 's Watch Tower Tract Society .
Not content with a name that was probably difficult to remember and was probably confused with the Lion 's club , in 1931 , the name was changed to something inspirational from the bible , specifically Isaiah 43:10 - 12 .
The old term for God was " Jehovah , " and those that witnessed the testimony were , you guessed it , Jehovah 's Witnesses .
Maybe 2000 years ago , the sight on people in robes surrounded by candles in a dimly - lit room would n't have batted an eye , unless you were Roman , and the need for one of the men , rainbow kilt and all , to carry a sword might have made even more sense .
But since 1931 , I doubt any Zion Revisionist who was worth their weight in Watch Tower magazines would have been adequately prepared of the sight of a flaming gay Hagrid looming over them .
And welcoming them , with a weapon , to a room full of candles , people in robes , a large pentacle , and smelling of meat and fresh bread .
The comment , " We have been expecting you , where have you been ...? " was also not helping .
The most awkward of pauses hung in the air like a balloon net filled with bowling equipment . " Um ... " said a young woman at the door , breaking the silence .
I recall she was wearing a navy blue blazer and an expression on her face that suggested a beach before a tidal wave , with the color draining from her face just before a wave of fear washed over her .
" I see we have ... interrupted ... something . "
The young man standing with her was turning pale , his life flashing before his eyes , possibly wondering if his last mortal thought would be , " I thought devil worshiping was a metaphor ! "
Both backed away , nodded politely , and left .
Tynie quietly closed the door , and there was only a brief moment of dead silence that ended with a mass eruption of peals of laughter .
There is a second part of this story , which sadly only lies in the minds of two young missionaries .
Did they tell anyone of what they saw ?
Did it drive them deeper into the warm and sheltering fold of their religion ?
Or did it drive them away , mad into the streets ?
We shall never know .
They never came back .
To this day , I wish I could summon such a group to my door when solicitors arrived .
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Litigation Release No. 21377 / January 12 , 2010 Securities and Exchange Commission v. Bank of America Corporation , Civil Action No. 10-0215 ( S.D.N.Y. ) SEC CHARGES BANK OF AMERICA FOR FAILING TO DISCLOSE EXTRAORDINARY LOSSES AT MERRILL LYNCH PRIOR TO MERGER
The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged Bank of America with violating the federal proxy rules by failing to disclose extraordinary financial losses at Merrill Lynch prior to a shareholder vote to approve a merger between the two companies .
The SEC ’s complaint , filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , alleges that Bank of America learned prior to the Dec. 5 , 2008 , shareholder vote that Merrill Lynch had incurred a net loss of $ 4.5 billion in October 2008 and estimated billions of dollars of additional losses in November .
Bank of America erroneously and unreasonably concluded that no disclosure concerning these extraordinary losses was required as shareholders were called upon to vote on the proposed merger with Merrill Lynch .
The lack of any disclosure about the losses deprived shareholders of up - to - date information that was essential to their ability fairly to evaluate whether to approve the merger on the terms presented to them .
Bank of America ’s failure to disclose this information violated its undertaking to update shareholders concerning fundamental changes to previously disclosed information , and rendered its prior disclosures materially false and misleading .
Last August , the Commission filed a separate action charging Bank of America with misleading investors about billions of dollars in bonuses that were being paid to Merrill executives .
Today ’s filing follows yesterday ’s ruling by the Honorable Jed S. Rakoff that the SEC ’s proposed charges relating to the Merrill losses should be filed separately rather than being consolidated with the current complaint challenging the bonus disclosure .
That case is currently set for trial to begin on March 1 , 2010 before Judge Rakoff .
According to the SEC ’s complaint filed today , the actual and estimated losses at Merrill Lynch for the fourth quarter of 2008 together represented approximately one - third of the value of the merger at the time of the shareholder vote and more than 60 percent of the aggregate losses that the firm sustained in the preceding three quarters combined .
The SEC ’s complaint further alleges that Merrill ’s deteriorating performance represented a fundamental change to the financial information that Bank of America provided shareholders in the proxy statement used to solicit votes for approval of the merger .
In connection with the merger , Bank of America also publicly filed a registration statement in which it represented that it would update shareholders about any fundamental changes in the information previously disclosed .
The SEC ’s complaint charges Bank of America with violating Section 14 ( a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 14a - 9 by failing to make any disclosure to its shareholders of the losses that Merrill Lynch incurred in the two - month period leading to the Dec. 5 , 2008 shareholder vote .
The SEC acknowledges the assistance of the U.S. Attorney 's Offices for the Southern District of New York and Western District of North Carolina , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , and the Office of The Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
See Also : SEC Complaint
US copyright industries have declared war on Canada , and they want the US government 's help in fighting the battles .
Today is the last day to file comments as part of the government 's annual " Special 301 " process , meant to call out the world 's worst copyright countries , and the International Intellectual Property Alliance has just dropped a dramatic document on the US Trade Representative ( PDF ) that slams Canada and demands the country change many of its laws .
The Great White North is " fast gaining a reputation as a haven where technologically sophisticated international piracy organizations can operate with virtual impunity . "
The country is " virtually alone " in flouting " minimum world standards " for copyright and its rules are " hopelessly outdated . "
Finally , " no other country is farther behind the curve in combating copyright infringement in cyberspace . "
No country is farther behind — not even Belarus , Peru , Ukraine , Vietnam , or Uzbekistan , all of which are suggested for the US government 's annual " watch list . "
But Canada — along with China , Russia , and a few others — must be put on the highest - level " priority watch list , " says the IIPA .
Who cares what the IIPA says ?
The US government , for one .
The group is an umbrella organization that represents movies ( MPAA ) , records ( RIAA ) , music publishers ( NMPA ) , video games ( ESA ) , business software ( BSA ) , and publishers ( AAP ) .
When it comes to each year 's Special 301 list , the group largely gets what it wants .
This year , it wants the US to " press the Canadian government " on the issue of copyright , demanding a host of specific changes in Canadian law .
The idea that libraries should be able to format - shift items before they become obsolete ?
CAN$ 500 caps on statutory damages for infringement committed for private purposes ?
The ability to circumvent DRM in order to make legal uses of the content ?
Ludicrous , all of them , and the IIPA demands action .
Problems , problems
Copyright holders do have reasons to be angry .
Canada does n't have an anticircumvention law for DRM , which has lead to booming markets in things like mod chips .
But the big rightsholders resist any attempt to pass a consumer - friendly anticircumvention law that allows circumvention of DRM so long as the actual use of the content is legal ; it would just cause them too much trouble .
Not cool , says IIPA .
Canada must " define violations without imposing onerous intent requirements . "
In other words , only a blanket , DMCA - style ban on bypassing DRM is acceptable .
( This is not the position of the international treaties that IIPA repeatedly slams Canada for not ratifying , however . )
$ 500 caps on statutory damages for " private purpose " infringement are also unacceptable ; P2P users must be on the hook for far more money .
Still , even if Canada wo n't change this law in general , IIPA demands that it be changed for their industries : " Their inapplicability to unauthorized uploading must be made definitive . "
Canadians currently pay levies for things like blank CDs .
What these " private copy " levies cover has been a subject of intense dispute , but IIPA demands that Canadian law be changed to make clear that " the [ copying ] exception applies only to copies of noninfringing recordings owned by the person who makes the copies . "
This has long been the music industry 's position : the private copy is really a charge for format - shifting of your own legal content ( something that happens without pay in the US , though DRM is doing its best to stop the practice ) .
It is not at all clear that this is actually the legal position in Canada ; back in 2004 , judge Konrad von Finckenstein ruled that " the downloading of a song for a person 's private use does not constitute infringement . "
( von Finkenstein is now Canada 's top telecoms regulator ; his ruling was changed on appeal , though the issue remains murky . )
What really chaps the collective hide of the copyright groups is BitTorrent trackers , and the IIPA document refers multiple times to the fact that " 4 of the top 10 illicit BitTorrent sites in the world " are in Canada .
Canadian copyright lawyer Howard Knopf is furious ( again ) at the IIPA submission relating to Canada .
He points out the many ways that Canadian copyright law is tougher than the US ( more limited fair use , no right to time - shift , private copying levy , etc. ) .
But IIPA is n't interested in fair copyright or " balance " ; the group demands that Canada patch up all of its " weak " points related to copyright , but Canada 's much tougher rules should still remain in place .
When one goes around the world doing this , the result is a continual strengthening of copyright law .
And , as so much of the IIPA complaint is based on countries like Canada " falling behind " international norms , the same logic can later be flipped around ; once changes are made in foreign countries under US pressure , the US can itself be target for " falling behind " in all those areas where other countries are stricter .
The obvious result , as seen in the sorry history of copyright term extensions ( many retroactive ) , is that copyright law moves largely in one direction : stronger enforcement , tougher penalties , more rights .
The public is watching
This year , though , the public has gotten involved in the Special 301 process .
Anyone can submit a comment , and more than 250 have been provided to date .
A few are from companies and governments , but the huge majority are from individuals .
Most of these are n't so much about Special 301 but about ACTA .
" In a country that is ostensibly democratic , ACTA is an affront to all that we stand for , " says one .
" The fact that these negotiations take place behind closed doors and we the people have no knowledge of what is contained is an insult to our basic foundational principles .
I am unaware of any state secrets that could be contained in a treaty on copyright .
Is there a good reason that we the people have not been told about the contents of this treaty ? "
" Can you please explain the need for secrecy ? " says another .
" The lack of transparency here makes me suspicious that our government , and other countries ' governments , are not acting in the best interest of the people they work for . "
They appear to be the results of a write - in campaign designed to pressure the US Trade Representative on copyright issues .
The goal is transparency and more public involvement , and the USTR has made some steps in those directions .
At least with Special 301 , the agency is this year holding public hearings — though we 'll be surprised if the priority watch list changes much from last year , when ( at the IIPA 's request ) Canada was included .
And what does Canada think about this ?
The country did n't bother to file a response this year , though government responses are welcome .
Back in 2007 , the Department of Foreign Affairs made clear its own position : " In regard to the watch list , Canada does not recognize the 301 watch list process .
It basically lacks reliable and objective analysis .
It 's driven entirely by US industry .
We have repeatedly raised this issue of the lack of objective analysis in the 301 watch list process with our US counterparts . "
How does the individual mandate work ?
So long as legal challenges to the individual mandate are in the news , we might as well be clear about what the mandate is , and how it works .
The individual mandate is a requirement that all individuals who can afford health - care insurance purchase some minimally comprehensive policy .
For the purposes of the law , " individuals who can afford health - care insurance " is defined as people for whom the minimum policy will not cost more than 8 percent of their monthly income , and who make more than the poverty line .
So if coverage would cost more than 8 percent of your monthly income , or you 're making very little , you 're not on the hook to buy insurance ( and , because of other provisions in the law , you 're getting subsidies that make insurance virtually costless anyway ) .
Most people will never notice the mandate , as they get insurance through their employer and that 's good enough for the government .
But of those who are n't exempt and are n't insured , the choice will be this : Purchase insurance or pay a small fine .
In 2016 , the first year the fine is fully in place , it will be $ 695 a year or 2.5 percent of income , whichever is higher .
That makes the mandate progressive .
And what happens if you do n't buy insurance and you do n't pay the penalty ?
Well , not much .
The law specifically says that no criminal action or liens can be imposed on people who do n't pay the fine .
If this actually leads to a world in which large numbers of people do n't buy insurance and tell the IRS to stuff it , you could see that change .
But for now , the penalties are low and the enforcement is non-existent .
The theory behind the mandate is simple :
It 's there to protect against an insurance death spiral .
Now that insurers can't discriminate based on preexisting conditions , it would be entirely possible for people to forgo insurance until , well , they develop a medical condition .
In that world , the bulk of the people buying insurance on the exchanges are sick , and that makes the average premiums terrifically expensive .
The mandate is there to bring healthy people into the pool , which keeps average costs down and also ensures that people are n't riding free on the system by letting society pay when they get hit by a bus .
The irony of the mandate is that it 's been presented as a terribly onerous tax on decent , hardworking people who do n't want to purchase insurance .
In reality , it 's the best deal in the bill : A cynical consumer would be smart to pay the modest penalty rather than pay thousands of dollars a year for insurance .
In the current system , that 's a bad idea because insurers wo n't let them buy insurance if they get sick later .
In the reformed system , there 's no consequence for that behavior .
You could pay the penalty for five years and then buy insurance the day you felt a lump .
Luckily , consumers are n't usually that cynical , and the experience of places such as Massachusetts suggests that individual mandates encourage people to buy insurance even when it might make sense for people to simply pay the penalty .
But for all the furor over the individual mandate , the danger in the bill is much more that it is too weak and too good a deal than that it is too strong and too punitive a tax .
By politics.co.uk staff
The Conservatives are courting public sector workers by promising to set up cooperatives , in a renewed pitch to the left .
David Cameron used the launch of an advertising campaign aimed at core Labour supporters to announce the move in south London this lunchtime , saying it would " unleash a culture of enterprise and innovation " .
Public sector workers would be allowed to form cooperatives under the Tory plans , described as a ' radical power shift to working people ' by shadow chancellor George Osborne .
" Today we are announcing a bold and radical new reform which shows clearly how it is the modern Conservatives who have the plan that will help working people build a better life for themselves and their families , " Mr Cameron said .
" You can be your own boss and offer the public a better service .
The way you think it should be done , not the way a distant bureaucrat thinks it should be done . "
The Tories have compared the measure to the right - to - buy reform of council house sales in the early 1980s .
Under the measures not all of the savings made by the cooperative would be taken back by central government .
" It will unleash a new culture of public sector enterprise and innovation .
Public sector workers will have a real stake in their success , " Mr Cameron added .
" It has the potential to radically reform the way we do government .
Put alongside our plans to protect frontline spending by scouring out waste and bureaucracy ... it 's a new and powerful reason for everyone in the public sector to vote Conservative , irrespective of how they have voted before . "
The Unite union accused the Tory leader of masking right wing policy in left wing rhetoric .
Gail Cartmail , Unite assistant general scretary for the public sector said : " David Cameron is using the language of socialism to mask a break - up of public services .
He is mangling the English language to advance his anti-state ideology . "
The Tory leader unveiled a new poster campaign featuring three public sector workers explaining why they dropped Labour to support the Conservatives .
The last two Conservative posters - one of Mr Cameron 's heavily photo - shopped face and the other of a grave mocking Gordon brown's ' death tax ' have met an unfortunate reception , with many internet sites dedicated to humorous alternative versions of the original .
" The hopes you had with Labour that Britain would become a stronger , fairer society - those hopes did n't just die because Labour have n't achieved them .
" They 're alive with us , " Mr Cameron said on his WebCameron platform on YouTube .
A Conservative document called Two Nations yesterday accused Labour of failing the poor and saw Mr Cameron pledge to direct public cash to those who need it the most - a clear riposte to Mr Brown 's attack that the Tory leader would govern for the rich .
8 January 2010
[ Federal Register : January 8 , 2010 ( Volume 75 , Number 5 ) ] [ Notices ] [ Page 1084 ] From the Federal Register Online via GPO Access [ wais.access.gpo.gov ]
[ DOCID : fr08 ja10-69 ]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Federal Bureau of Investigation [ OMB Number 1110 - NEW ]
Agency Information Collection Activities : New Collection , Comments Requested ACTION : 60 - Day emergency notice of information collection under review : New collection ; InfraGard Knowledge / Skills / Abilities Profile questionnaire .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
The Department of Justice , Federal Bureau of Investigation , Criminal Justice Information Services Division will be submitting the following information collection request to the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) for review and clearance in accordance with emergency review procedures of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 .
OMB approval has been requested by February 11 , 2010 .
The proposed information collection is published to obtain comments from the public and affected agencies .
Comments are encouraged and will be accepted until March 9 , 2010 .
This process is conducted in accordance with 5 CFR 1320.10 .
All comments and suggestions , or questions regarding additional information , to include obtaining a copy of the proposed information collection instrument with instructions , should be directed to Douglas Dvorak , Supervisory Special Agent , Federal Bureau of Investigation , Cyber Division , 935 Pennsylvania Avenue , NW. , Washington , DC 20535 , ( 202 ) 651-3269 .
Written comments and suggestions from the public and affected agencies concerning the proposed collection of information are encouraged .
Comments should address one or more of the following four points : ( 1 ) Evaluate whether the proposed collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency , including whether the information will have practical utility ; ( 2 ) Evaluate the accuracy of the agency 's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information , including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used ; ( 3 ) Enhance the quality , utility , and clarity of the information to be collected ; and ( 4 ) Minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to respond , including through the use of appropriate automated , electronic , mechanical , or other technological collection techniques of other forms of information technology , e.g. , permitting electronic submission of responses .
Overview of This Information Collection : ( 1 ) Type of information collection : New collection .
( 2 ) The title of the form / collection : InfraGard Knowledge / Skills / Abilities Profile .
( 3 ) The agency form number , if any , and the applicable component of the department sponsoring the collection : Form Number : None ; Sponsor : Criminal Justice Information Services Division , Federal Bureau of Investigation , Department of Justice .
( 4 ) Affected public who will be asked or required to respond , as well as a brief abstract : Primary : Public and private professionals self - identified as having information technology expertise .
Brief Abstract : InfraGard is a public / private alliance as mandated in Presidential Decision Directive 63 .
This form is used to classify members according to their expertise .
( 5 ) An estimate of the total number of respondents and the amount of time estimated for an average respondent to respond :
There are approximately 28,000 InfraGard members , for a total of 28,000 responses with an estimated response time of two minutes per response .
( 6 ) An estimate of the total public burden ( in hours ) associated with this collection :
There are approximately 917 hours , annual burden , associated with this information collection .
If additional information is required contact : Ms. Lynn Bryant , Department Clearance Officer , Policy and Planning Staff , Justice Management Division , United States Department of Justice , Patrick Henry Building , Suite 1600 , 601 D Street , NW. , Washington , DC 20530 .
Dated : January 4 , 2010 .
Lynn Bryant , Department Clearance Officer , PRA , United States Department of Justice .
[ FR Doc. 2010 - 52 Filed 1-7-10 ; 8:45 am ]
BILLING CODE 4410-02 - P
The answer is vitamin D and no I 'm not kidding .
I feel so strongly about the overwhelming evidence that vitamin D has on us that I could n't keep it a secret any longer .
So let 's get down to business !
Vitamin D comes in a few different forms .
The most common forms are Vitamin D2 ( ergocalciferol ) and Vitamin D3 ( cholecalciferol ) .
Cholecalciferol is the natural form of vitamin D found in the human body and is the preferred product when taking supplemental vitamin D .
You can read more about the different vitamin D forms here - Vitamin D pharmacology .
Many people get vitamin D naturally from the sunlight which their skin converts to cholecalciferol in the body .
But vitamin D can also be obtained in the diet although in small quantities that fall short of your daily needs .
So will taking vitamin D cure everything and prevent 100 % of any human ailment ?
Of course not and it would be inappropriate and irresponsible for me or anybody else to tell you this .
But will vitamin D drastically improve your long term health ?
Absolutely without question !
Adequate vitamin D levels have been proven through evidenced based medicine to improve your chances against heart disease , cancer , osteoporosis , dementia , autoimmune diseases , arthritis , gout , and the list goes on and on .
Dr. Frank Lipman wrote an excellent article detailing many of the important aspects of vitamin D titled
Life Extension recently published a comprehensive article on vitamin D in which they studied the results of over 13,000 patients who supplemented with vitamin D and routinely checked their vitamin D levels .
They found that inadequate vitamin D levels were found in approximately 85 % of these patients .
They also noted that vitamin A , often found in many multivitamins in the retinol form ( not the beta - carotene form ) , actually works against vitamin D and it 's positive health benefits .
They recommend that your multivitamin has no more than 1,000 units of vitamin A in it for this reason .
I would encourage you to read their article titled
What is considered a " good " vitamin D level ?
First off , the most accurate vitamin D test to have done is the 25 - hydroxyvitamin D level which is also known as 25 ( OH ) D level .
Your doctor can order this test if you ask .
After reviewing multiple articles on vitamin D supplementation I 've found that the experts deem a 25 ( OH ) D level of 50 ng / ml the minimum level to adequately prevent the many chronic illnesses that can affect us .
NOTE : You need to know your number !!
Many labs and even physicians might tell you that you are fine and that you have a " normal " vitamin D level but many of them are also considering a level of 30 ng / ml or above a " normal " level even though the latest scientific literature convincingly proves otherwise .
Can you have too high of a vitamin D level ?
Vitamin D toxicity is almost non-existent in the documented literature but there seems to be a lot of misinformation and fear among patients and health care practitioners that this is not the case .
Please read the Vitamin D Council 's page on toxicity here - The Truth About Vitamin D Toxicity
You 're probably asking how much vitamin D should I take ?
That 's a great question and varies depending on each individual .
The elderly and individuals with darker skin tones do not readily convert as much sunlight to vitamin D as most others .
You may also need more vitamin D if you do n't spend much time outside in the sun or are in a northern climate which keeps you inside more than your southern neighbors .
As a general rule most people need at least 4,000 units of cholecalciferol per day and some may need up to 10,000 units per day .
Before you go and start taking a vitamin D supplement I recommend that you talk to your physician about it and get a vitamin D level done .
That way you can individualize your dose with your physician 's help to best meet your health needs .
Another note for those who have the following conditions you need to talk to your doctor before starting Vitamin D therapy - sarcoidosis , severe kidney disease , primary hyperparathyroidism , and any condition that has resulted in an elevated calcium blood level .
Editor 's note : On Mondays , Kristen Swensson of Cheap , Healthy , Good swings by these parts to share healthy and delicious recipes with us .
Take it away , Kristen !
Thanks to a one - two punch of cold weather and a sudden proliferation of Quaker products , my household has been on a massive oatmeal kick lately .
It began with a breakfast of Gingersnap Oatmeal from the lovely Kitschen Bitsch , moved to a week - long affair with Mark Bittman 's Savory Oatmeal , and has now evolved into an almost all - oatmeal diet .
Except for the tiny pots I 'm forced to wash three times a day , this is not a bad thing .
Frugal , filling , kid- friendly , and practically a blank culinary canvas , oatmeal is prime for at - home experimentation .
Today 's recipes , for French Toast Oatmeal and Banana Nut Oatmeal , came about after two weeks of toying with ingredients .
A little nutmeg here , a little vanilla extract here , and voila : two sweet , flavorful concoctions perfect for a fast morning meal .
This is n't to say you can't mess with the ratios — the quantities are completely adjustable to your tastes .
One quick note : in both cases , the most important ingredient is salt .
I accidentally left it out on a few occasions , and the flavors were n't as sharp as usual .
Just a few shakes will do you .
French Toast Oatmeal
It has been thought that young fish , lacking well - developed hearing organs , could not perceive the sounds made by their larger , older relatives .
Now , researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Biology have used a combined fish tank and sound - proof chamber to show for the first time that catfish of all ages can communicate with one another .
Walter Lechner and a team of researchers from the University of Vienna studied the catfish Synodontis schoutedeni , which , by rubbing the spines of its pectoral fins into grooves on its shoulder , is able to create a ' squeaking ' sound .
He said , " This study is the first to demonstrate that absolute hearing sensitivity changes as catfish grow up .
This contrasts with prior studies on the closely related goldfish and zebrafish , in which no such change could be observed .
Furthermore , S. schoutedeni can detect sounds at all stages of development , again contrasting with previous findings . "
The catfish use the squeaking sound to warn of predators and during competition between members of the species .
By investigating the animals in specially modified tanks , Lechner and his colleagues were able to record the sounds made and perceived by fish of various sizes , from very young to adult .
" We found that as fish get larger , the sounds they make increase in level and duration .
Hearing sensitivities increase with growth , but even the youngest fish are capable of communicating over short distances , " he said .
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
" In an admission that took the intelligence community and its critics by surprise , Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair acknowledged in a congressional hearing Wednesday that the U.S. may , with executive approval , deliberately target and kill U.S. citizens who are suspected of being involved in terrorism . "
That 's the lead paragraph of the news story I wrote for InterPress News Service last Friday .
Since then , I just have n't been able to get this thing out of my mind .
Think about it : " ... may , with executive approval , deliberately target and kill U.S. citizens who are suspected of being involved in terrorism . "
That means that the president of the United States can decide who lives and who does n't .
Not a court .
Not a jury .
Just the president .
The proposition is overwhelming in its simplicity .
And in its stupidity .
And in its cavalier abandonment of our most precious principle : the rule of law .
That quaint tradition we always cite as the root of our American " exceptionalism . "
The key word here is suspected .
Killing U.S. citizens who are suspected of being involved in terrorism .
That means we must all believe that our intelligence mavens are perfect , infallible , incapable of error .
But common sense and history should tell us this can not be true .
Our intelligence folks make mistakes all the time .
They are humans and humans cannot be infallible .
And their performance in recent years has not been all that stellar .
Think WMD .
Think 9/11 .
Think Maher Arar .
Think Brandon Mayfield .
Think Richard Jewel and Steven Hatfill .
Lots of little slipups here !
But those errors are correctible .
After we go ahead and kill someone , there 's no do - over .
There 's nothing more final than death .
I found Admiral Blair 's revelation so troubling that I consulted some of the country 's most respected Constitutional scholars to see if I was missing something .
Unfortunately , I was n't .
As Professor Francis A. Boyle of the University of Illinois Law School , told me , " This extrajudicial execution of human beings constitutes a grave violation of international human rights law and , under certain circumstances , can also constitute a war crime under the Four Geneva Conventions of 1949 .
In addition , the extrajudicial execution of U.S. citizens by the United States government also violates the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution mandating that no person " be deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . "
He said , " The U.S. Government has now established a ' death list ' for U.S. citizens abroad akin to those established by Latin American dictatorships during their so - called ' dirty wars ' .
The Bush Administration reduced the United States of America to a Banana Republic waging a " dirty war " around the world in gross violation of international law , human rights law , and the laws of war . "
And where is the outrage ?
Mostly , it is n't .
Our elected officials are driven by fear or actively trying to drive us with fear , or both .
And we who elected them are busy being terrified and looking the other way while we try to find jobs and pay the mortgage and feed the kids .
But even in good times , we Americans are not the best - informed citizens .
We are far more likely to rail inchoately against " government interference " in our lives .
Witness the tea - baggers .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
2010 update : i’m sorry but the extension is no longer supported … we recommend : http://www.chromeextensions.org/music-videos-photos/chrome-youtube-downloader/
Get download links from all popular video sites like Youtube , Metacafe , Dailymotion and more .
Current version does n’t support all sites , just the fallowing : Blip , Dailymotion , Flickr , GoogleVideo , Imeem , Metacafe , Myspace , Revver , Sevenload , Veoh , Vimeo and Youtube .
More supporting sites will come soon .
For bug reports please send an e-mail to : [ email protected ]
Enjoy the stuff .
Update 1 : Support for Vimeo added again , but Chrome does n’t seem to support ( no “ save as … ” prompt ) direct download .
For downloading , click download link you get from vimeo and copy / paste in Firefox or IE ( you will get the “ save as .. ” prompt there ) .
Update 2 : Youtube support only .
Change Log :
Auto get video url
Accounting basics : when a company experiences what accountants call " a material adverse impact " on its expected future earnings , and those changes affect an item that is already on the balance sheet , the company is required to record the negative impact - -" to take the charge against earnings " -- as soon as it knows that the change is reasonably likely to occur .
The Democrats , however , seem to believe that Generally Accepted Accounting Principles are some sort of conspiracy against Obamacare , and all that is good and right in America .
Here 's the story : one of the provisions in the new health care law forces companies to treat the current subsidies for retiree health benefits as taxable income .
This strikes me as dumb policy ; there 's not much point in giving someone a subsidy , and then taxing it back , unless you just like doing extra paperwork .
And since the total cost of the subsidy , and any implied tax subsidy , is still less than we pay for an average Medicare Part D beneficiary , we may simply be encouraging companies to dump their retiree benefits and put everyone into Part D , costing us taxpayers extra money .
This makes good accounting sense .
The asset on the balance sheet is now less valuable , so you should record a charge .
Otherwise , you 'd be misleading investors .
But this is neither here nor there , because Congress already did it .
And now a bunch of companies with generous retiree drug benefits have announced that they are taking large charges to reflect the cost of the change in the tax law .
Henry Waxman thinks that 's mean , and he 's summoning the heads of those companies to Washington to explain themselves .
It 's not clear what they 're supposed to explain .
What they did is required by GAAP .
And I 've watched congressional hearings .
There 's no chance that four CEO 's are going to explain the accounting code to the fine folks in Congress ; explaining how to boil water would challenge the format .
Now , it 's entirely possible that these companies are taking as large a charge as possible , because that 's what companies like to do -- if they have to recognize a negative event , they try to make it as big as possible .
Firms like to recognize as many upside surprises as possible , while minimizing the number of unexpected adverse charges .
It is better to take one " big bath " then dribble out seven " Oops , we underestimated the size of the problem " notices .
And , of course , companies have some discretion over when they " recognize " that the charge they took was too big , which allows them to use a " conservative " ( very large ) charge to smooth out future earnings somewhat .
But these charges are n't going to have much impact on the stock price , or anything else ; they 're non-cash charges , the costs will be spread over a number of years , and they 're not a huge surprise to investors .
I doubt it 's even going to have much impact on the popularity of the health care plan .
As accounting sins go , this is the corporate equivalent of moving your printer ink purchases up by two days in order to deduct them in the current tax year .
It certainly does not warrant congressional investigation .
What AT&T , Caterpillar , et al did was appropriate .
It 's earnings season , and they offered guidance about , um , their earnings .
Obviously , Waxman is incensed because this seems to put the lie to the promise that if you like your current plan , nothing will change .
But this was never true .
Medicare Advantage beneficiaries are basically going to see their generous benefits slashed , retiree drug benefits suddenly cost more and may now be discontinued , and ultimately , more than a few employers will almost certainly find it cheaper to shut down their plans .
If Congress did n't want those things to happen , it should have passed a different law .
If Congress thinks that it made the right tradeoffs -- or at least , justiiable choices -- then our Congressmen should step up and accept responsibility for what they 've done .
At the very least , I think we can ask that they refrain from trying to force companies to join them in denying reality by threatening congressional investigation of any company who dares to notify investors that this thing is going to cost them money .
Let be Peano Arithmetic .
Gödel ’s Second Incompleteness
Theorem says that no consistent theory extending can prove its own consistency .
( I ’ll write for the statement asserting ‘s consistency ; more on this later . )
In particular , is stronger than .
But certainly , given that we believe that everything proves is true , we believe that does not prove a contradiction , and hence is consistent .
Thus , we believe that everything that proves is true .
But by a similar argument , we believe that everything that proves is true .
Where does this stop ?
Once we believe that everything proves is true , what , exactly , are we committed to believing ?
This is from Chapters 13 – 15 of Torkel Franzén ’s book Inexhaustibility , which is admirably clear and well - written .
First off , let be , and let be .
By the considerations above , we accept that each is sound .
( A theory being sound means that everything it proves is true . )
So , if we therefore let , then we accept that is sound .
We could therefore define to be and we would have to accept that as sound as well , but in making this definition we run up against our first snag .
The snag is this :
In order to express a sentence of the form in the language of number theory , we much choose some recursively enumerable presentation of , and which recursively enumerable presentation we choose matters .
For example , if we add to any given presentation of the stipulation that we are adding , for all and such that the axiom , then we have n’t actually added any new axioms , but if we construct the statement with presented the second way , will imply Fermat ’s Last Theorem , while constructed from the original presentation of may not .
As you might guess from the above , we are going to want to construct for ordinals .
When is a successor ordinal , it is clear how to get a “ reasonable ” presentation of from a reasonable presentation of ( where ) , but if is a limit ordinal , in general it wo n’t be clear ( although it is clear for ) .
So how can we solve this problem ?
The first step is to use a more computable representation of ordinals , namely ordinal notations .
An ordinal notation is a number with the following property :
It is either 0 , or for every , the output of the th Turing machine on input is an ordinal notation .
( What this recursive definition really means is that the set of ordinal notations is the smallest set satisfying the above property . )
Given an ordinal notation , we let the ordinal it represents , , be defined by and , where denotes the output of the th Turing machine on input .
We can now uniformly pick presentations of for ordinal notations by letting and be presented as the union of over , where the consistency statements are constructed using the presentations given by induction .
Unfortunately , this does n’t prevent us from doing the trick mentioned above :
For any true sentence , there is an ordinal notation such that and proves .
The catch is that will be quite an unusual notation for 1 , and we ’re not really justified in taking to be a consistency extension of because does n’t “ know ” that is an ordinal notation .
However , we can make a reasonable definition for what it means for ( or any extension ) to prove that a number is an ordinal notation .
( This is actually not trivial , since can only talk about numbers , but the set of ordinal notations was defined to be the least set satisfying a certain property . )
We can then define an autonomous consistency extension of as follows : is an autonomous consistency extension of itself , and if is an autonomous consistency extension of , and proves that is an ordinal notation , then is an autonomous consistency extension of .
The autonomous consistency extensions of have some claim to being exactly those that we recognize to be consistency extensions of solely on the basis that we accept .
But that is n’t really completely satisfying .
There ’s nothing stopping us from letting be the union of the autonomous consistency extensions of and considering .
Similarly , we got the set of autonomous consistency extensions of by starting with and then closing under finite applications of a particular operation , but we could also have considered transfinite applications of that operation .
Does there exist a theory ( which we believe is true ) which will prove anything any reasonable iterated consistency extension of proves ?
It turns out there is .
Let be the theory obtained by adding to the axiom that for any sentence ( that is , sentence of the form where all of ‘s quantifiers are bounded ) , if proves , then is true .
This property is called - soundness , and the axiom formalizing it is called a reflection axiom .
If is - sound , then so is , since if proved a false statement , then would prove the false statement ( false because - soundness implies consistency ) .
Similarly , any union of a chain of - sound theories must be - sound .
Because we can formalize the above argument in , proves that every autonomous consistency extension of is - sound .
Therefore , it proves that every autonomous consistency extension of is consistent .
Therefore ( since essentially autonomous consistency extensions of say nothing besides the fact that lower autonomous consistency extensions are consistent ) , extends each autonomous consistency extension of .
Okay , so adding axioms asserting that is - sound takes us beyond all the autonomous consistency extensions of .
But what happens if add to axioms asserting that is - sound ?
This is called a reflection extension , and we can form autonomous iterated reflection extensions just as we can autonomous iterated consistency extensions .
Is there any theory ( which we believe is true ) which goes beyond all the autonomous reflection extensions the same way that goes beyond all the autonomous consistency extensions of ?
There is .
The theory asserts that all sentences that proves are true .
But it ’s actually the case that all sentences that proves are true .
By a result of Tarski’s we can’t define truth of an arithmetical formula in , but we can define it by adding a new predicate to the language of , together with suitable axioms .
The resulting theory , extends every autonomous reflection extension of .
In terms of what arithmetical sentences they can prove , is an equivalent theory to ( edit : not ) , which is the theory of second - order arithmetic , with a comprehension axiom for all arithmetic formulas .
This is essentially because sets of numbers in are interchangeable with formulas in the language of with one free variable in .
And , of course , we then get autonomous iterated truth extensions of , in analogy to the autonomous iterated reflection extensions and the autonomous iterated consistency extensions .
Here there is again a natural theory which extends all the autonomous iterated truth extensions , a theory called : it ’s a theory of second - order arithmetic , like , but it allows comprehension for - formulas ( formulas with a universal set quantifier in front ) , instead of just arithmetic formulas .
Of course , we can now start again , taking consistency or reflection extensions of .
But , as Franzén says :
[ E]xtending to opens the door to a number of possible extensions that go beyond reflection .
In particular , we can extend a theory by introducing axioms about sets of higher type — meaning sets of sets of natural numbers , sets of sets of sets of natural numbers , and so on — and by introducing stronger comprehension principles for sets of a given type .
…
Axiomatic set theories like give powerful first - order theories which prove everything provable in such iterated autonomous extensions . …
In this connection the term “ reflection ” reappears and takes on a new meaning . … [ This ] leads to a further indefinite sequence of extensions of set theory , and furthermore , “ axioms of infinity ” [ i.e. , large cardinal axioms ] , have been formulated which can be reasonably argued to be stronger , as far as arithmetical theorems are concerned , than any such extension by set - theoretic reflection .
The fantastic graphics along with the overall design of Angry Bingo is top notch which should come as no surprise as the site been inspired by the massively popular Angry Birds .
Our feathered friends have been replaced by some irritable looking bingo ball characters !
There is however , nothing to worry about here as these cross …
Read more
The talking heads of America are outraged at
Ron Paul
once again .
They dismissed him in 2007 , dissed him in 2008 and ignored him in 2009 .
And now he ’s got the nerve to win the presidential straw poll at the Conservative Political Action Conference held in Washington last weekend .
The winner of that poll is often considered the consensus leader in the race for the next GOP presidential nomination .
When Mitt Romney won it last time around , he was seen as something of a sure thing in an otherwise weak field .
Well the 2012 field is even weaker than last time around .
But across the spectrum , the pundits agree that the Texas congressman has no business being in it .
Newsweek proclaimed Paul " probably wo n't run again for president in 2012 and almost certainly would n't win the Republican nomination if he did . "
The Fox News crowd repeated the " Paul is dead " mantra as if the congressman were a Beatle .
As for Glenn Beck , who spoke at CPAC , he termed the winner of 31 percent of the audience 's votes " a crazy , kooky guy . "
Quite an achievement for a man who may be the single most unexciting speaker in American politics today .
I mean that as high praise .
The U.S. Constitution is a dry , unemotional document .
And Paul , as its leading proponent in Congress , is a dry , unemotional guy .
So why do his opponents get worked up into such a fervor ?
I 've been mystified by that since early in 2007 , when I first interviewed him .
Even though Paul had announced for the Republican nomination for president , I did n't have to go through a press secretary to contact him .
I just asked around and got his home number .
We had a pleasant chat about the Constitution .
" Virtually everything the federal government does is unconstitutional , is n't it ? " I asked .
" Basically , that 's pretty true , " Paul replied .
Paul assured me that if elected , he would do almost nothing .
I like that sort of thing , but it 's hard to put on a bumper sticker .
I expected him to fade away in a field that contained crowd - pleasers like affable hayseed Mike Huckabee and 9/11 fetishist Rudy Giuliani .
I got that wrong .
It turned out that young people went crazy over the then - 70 - year - old candidate .
They raised millions for him on the internet .
And his candidacy really took off after a debate in which Paul pointed out that Republicans such as Ronald Reagan had wisely avoided getting involved in the Mideast .
" I think Reagan was right , " said Paul .
" We do n't understand the irrationality of Middle Eastern politics . "
This threw Giuliani into one of those fits of 9/11 nostalgia for which he is infamous .
The so - called " neo " conservatives at Fox News promptly got into the act and splashed Paul 's comments all over the screen .
When that just made him more popular , they reacted by trying to write him out of the race , going so far as to exclude him from a later debate .
This CPAC poll drove
Fox into yet another frenzy .
One wag on the internet put together a montage of more than two minutes of Fox News talking heads discounting Paul 's poll win .
Meanwhile , the congressman 's critics have over the years tried to link him to all sorts of dubious characters , from the 9/11 truthers to the neo -Nazis .
If the guy is such a sure loser in 2012 , why all the attacks ?
In his quiet way , Paul must have tapped into something .
And you can get an idea of that something from what Pat Buchanan wrote the other day about the CPAC poll .
After asking " how do conservatives justify borrowing hundreds of billions yearly from Europe , Japan and the Gulf states — to defend Europe , Japan and the Arab Gulf states ? "
Buchanan answered his own question by making the case that such policies are not conservative at all .
" Ron Paul 's victory at CPAC may be a sign the prodigal sons of the right are casting off the heresy of neoconservatism and coming home to first principles , " Buchanan concluded .
Buchanan has put his finger on why the unemotional Texas congressman produces such an emotional reaction .
The party establishment has to dread the prospect of a candidate who can unite the youthful libertarian conservatives with the Buchananite America - first types .
Such a character might win a plurality running against Romney , Huckabee and neocon Barbie doll Sarah Palin .
And Paul might have the most money of them all , thanks to the support of those young voters who actually understand how the internet works .
I suspect this is what all the shouting is about , even though the subject of it all never raises his voice .
Note Pat Buchanan supporting Ron Paul on foreign policy here .
Why is the American press silent on the Israeli role in NW Flight 253 ?
By Patrick Martin
16 January 2010
Nearly a week ago , on January 10 , the Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz carried a news article by correspondent Yossi Melman pointing out the role of an Israeli security firm , International Consultants on Targeted Security ( ICTS ) , in the failed attempt to detonate a bomb on board Northwest Airlines Flight 253 .
ICTS subsidiaries I -SEC and PI are responsible for security screening of passengers at Amsterdam ’s Schiphol Airport , where accused suicide bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab boarded the Detroit - bound jet .
The company uses screening technology to profile passengers and identify security risks , based on the experience of the Israeli intelligence services .
Former El Al Airlines and Shin Bet security personnel established ICTS in 1982 to market their expertise , and many US airlines use their services or technology .
According to Ha’aretz , Abdulmutallab was screened by ICTS , but the security agents failed to identify him as a threat , despite ample evidence .
“ Even if US intelligence failed and the name of the Nigerian passenger was not pinpointed as a suspect for the airline , he should have stirred the suspicion of the security officers , ” the newspaper wrote .
“ His age , name , illogical travel route , high - priced ticket purchased at the last minute , his boarding without luggage ( only a carry on ) and many other signs should have been sufficient to alert the security officers and warrant further examination of the suspect .
However , the security supervisor representing I - SEC and PI allowed him to get on the flight . ”
The Israeli connection has been widely reported in the Israeli and European press .
In addition to Ha’aretz , the Jerusalem Post noted the role of ICTS in Amsterdam in an article December 27 , and Israeli television interviewed a company director , who confirmed that Abdulmutallab had been given a security screening .
Reports subsequently appeared in newspapers and Web news sources in Britain , France , Germany , the Netherlands , Spain and Italy .
But there has been nothing in the main American media outlets — nothing in the New York Times , the Washington Post , the Wall Street Journal or any other major daily newspaper , and nothing on any of the television or cable news networks .
The contrast between the press treatment in Europe and in America is an indication that the role of ICTS is not merely an unimportant detail .
Clearly , the word is being passed to keep quiet on the subject , either in the form of a direct order from the US security services , or indirectly through the system of media self - censorship that operates no less effectively for being “ voluntary . ”
What reason could there be to conceal the role of ICTS ?
First , some relevant facts : ICTS handled security at the Charles de Gaulle Airport outside Paris when “ shoe bomber ” Richard Reid boarded a US - bound plane on December 22 , 2001 .
The company also handled security for London ’s bus system during the July 7 , 2005 , suicide bomb attacks .
And ICTS shared security duties on September 11 , 2001 , at Boston ’s Logan Airport , where two of the four suicide hijackings originated .
At the very least , these are curious coincidences , particularly given the supposed expertise of the Israeli security services in identifying and forestalling terrorist attacks .
ICTS has had its personnel on the scene in four of the most notorious terrorist attacks of the past decade , and on each occasion , they failed to take action to stop the terrorists .
In its 28 years of operation , ICTS has expanded to 22 countries , servicing airports in France , Britain , Spain , Hungary , Romania and Russia , and employing more than 11,000 security agents .
It held contracts at several US airports until after 9/11 , when passenger screening was taken out of private hands and assigned to the newly created federal Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) .
The silence on the role of ICTS is only the most curious aspect of a more general shift by the media away from any reporting on the background to the attempted bombing of Northwest Flight 253 .
There was a noticeable turn away from an examination of the Christmas Day incident even before the Haitian earthquake became — legitimately — the main focus of media attention .
The official story of Northwest Flight 253 , as presented by the Obama White House and the intelligence agencies , is so incredible that it seems there has been a concerted effort to drop the subject and divert public attention in other directions .
In that context , the total silence on the role of the Israeli security company raises even more questions about the role that US and other intelligence agencies played in the period leading up to the Christmas Day incident , which nearly cost the lives of some 300 people .
Note : this data is not seasonally adjusted .
There is a very distinct seasonal pattern for imports , but not for exports .
LA area ports handle about 40 % of the nation 's container port traffic .
Sometimes port traffic gives us an early hint of changes in the trade deficit .
The following graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Loaded inbound traffic was down 0.7 % compared to January 2009 .
( down 4.2 % compared to last year using three month average )
Loaded outbound traffic was up 31.8 % from January 2009 .
( + 25.5 % using three months average )
This was an easy YoY comparison for exports , because U.S. exports fell off a cliff in near the end of 2008 .
Note : Imports usually peak in the August through October period ( as retailers import goods for the holidays ) and then decline at the end of the year .
Import traffic will decline sharply in February , but that is just the seasonal pattern .
Exports recovered somewhat in the first half of 2009 , however export traffic has essentially been flat since last summer .
Export growth was one of the key drivers of the economy in 2009 , but it now appears - based on traffic - that export growth has stalled .
The air is thick and hazy as I tiptoe over the leaves of euphoria - inducing qat , through hoops of golden embroidered hookas , and nestle into the divan between women in Ottoman headdresses singing as frankincense wafts around them .
Abeer leans towards me with her wide green eyes and whispers : " Do you know why we burn incense ?
It is because whenever you sing Muhammad 's name , you smell heaven . "
Night falls in the Old City of Sana 'a as I ride the bus for five cents from this wedding celebration toward the great wall that once ...
Southern California employment attorneys
At the law office of Fernandez & Lauby LLP , ; our Southern California attorneys , know how important it is to solve your legal problem or take care of your employment , personal , or commercial matter .
We have served the legal needs of individuals , professional organizations and corporations throughout Southern California since 1998 .
For your convenience , our offices are located in Riverside and Irvine ; for immediate help contact us online or call 951-321-6009 .
Lawyers in Orange County , Riverside & San Bernardino County
Our attorneys advise and represent clients facing a wide range of legal issues , backed by concrete experience and a dedication to the highest standards of the profession .
We provide focused representation as experienced litigators with the flexibility to negotiate , litigate or pursue alternative dispute resolutions .
Our focus is on meeting your needs through the most efficient and effective legal process available .
What is your legal concern ?
How can the right lawyer make a difference getting you the results you need ?
For more than 20 years , people have been turning to our law firm for straight answers and intelligent solutions .
Contact one of our Riverside lawyers or Irvine attorneys at 951-321-6009 to arrange an opportunity to discuss your legal matter .
Employment Law | Personal Injury | Nursing Home Abuse | Business Law | Estate Planning | Insurance Defense
Our Southern California lawyers are experienced litigators providing quality representation for clients in a wide range of legal matters .
Employment Lawyers in Riverside and Irvine
As employment attorneys in Riverside and Irvine :
Whether you have been the victim of workplace discrimination or you have been wrongfully terminated , our employment attorneys advise and represent workers in employment law disputes .
We have built a reputation for successfully recovering significant awards in complex litigation on behalf of our clients .
The employment lawyers at Fernandez & Lauby LLP represent a wide variety of employees with diverse legal needs and complex issues .
We represent employees throughout Orange County , Riverside , San Bernardino , The Inland Empire , Palm Desert , Palm Springs , as well as the entire Coachella Valley .
We also serve the larger Los Angeles area and all of Southern California .
We represent individual employees as well as many workers in class action cases .
California and federal laws protect employees from discrimination and many forms of employer mistreatment .
Have your rights been violated by your employer ?
We always offer free consultations to employees in order to discuss the various options that may be available to you .
Schedule a free case review , call Fernandez & Lauby LLP at ( 888 ) 959-8508 or contact us via email through our contact form .
Personal Injury Lawyers in Riverside and Irvine
As personal injury attorneys in Irvine and Riverside : Our personal injury attorneys litigation experience and focus on securing compensation has put us in the position to recover multimillion - dollar awards for qualified clients who have suffered catastrophic injury such as those sustained in commercial trucking accidents or construction accidents .
Nursing Home Abuse Lawyers in Riverside and Irvine
As nursing home abuse attorneys in Irvine and Riverside :
Our nursing home abuse attorneys not only have the experience , but also the expertise to help clients and their families with any and all nursing home abuse issues .
Our nursing home abuse lawyers will develop creative strategies that will help nursing home abuse victims maximize settlements in court or out of court ; although it is very unusual for these type of cases to go to trial .
Business Attorneys in Riverside and Irvine
As business and commercial lawyers in Riverside and Irvine : Our business attorneys experience and resources allow us to provide cost - effective counsel and representation to small business owners as well as sizeable corporations with significant asset protection concerns .
Whether you are a construction contractor in need of business support services or you represent a corporation in need of experienced commercial and business litigators , our commercial law lawyers can meet the needs of your business .
Insurance Defense Attorneys in Riverside and Irvine
As insurance defense lawyers in Riverside and Irvine : Our insurance lawyers have been serving the Southern California insurance industry for over 25 years .
We have earned a strong reputation as an experienced defense firm that protects both the financial interests and reputations of our clients .
We have a history of working with some of the largest Fortune 500 companies located throughout Southern California .
Our injury defense lawyers provide litigation defense , risk management services , fraud prevention and investigation services for large insurance companies as well as self - insured businesses .
Estate planning Lawyers in Riverside and Irvine
As estate planning attorneys in Irvine and Riverside :
Our estate planning attorneys can help you protect your family 's assets from probate taxes now , as well as take of all probate and estate administration matters upon the death of your loved one .
Contact a Riverside Attorney or Irvine Lawyer Today !
Our attorneys make it a priority to provide outstanding legal support , advice and representation for clients throughout Southern California .
From business litigation involving hundreds of millions of dollars to personal injury cases for serious and catastrophic injury accidents , our lawyers are focused on building strong solutions for clients .
Talk to us first .
Call one of our Irvine lawyers or Riverside attorneys at 951-321-6009 , or contact us online to arrange a consultation .
Leonard Ornstein has agreed to write a guest weblog on ocean heat content as a diagnostic to assess global warming .
The focus of our discussions by e-mail has been on the meaning of the term “ heat in the pipeline ” .
Len has provided a guest weblog previously ; see “ How To Quickly Lower Climate Risks , At ‘ Tolerable ’ Costs ? ” .
[ my reply will appear tomorrow ] .
GUEST WEBLOG BY LEONARD ORNSTEIN
Roger has invited me to post some thoughts I have on two points concerning ocean heat , about which we appear to have some small differences .
A. Roger often suggests that the trend in global ocean heat content ( GOHC ) is a ‘ better ’ diagnostic than the trend in global mean surface temperature ( GMST ) for assessing what ’s happening to the earth as a result of human - induced changes in the planetary environment .
It ’s my judgement that both diagnostics are useful – but that at present – the potential uncertainties in GOHC exceed even the large uncertainties in GMST :
Local heat content of the ocean closely tracks ( temperature ( °K ) x heat capacity x volume ) .
The heat capacity of liquid ocean water varies only slightly with temperature and density / salinity .
Deep ocean water , below the thermocline ( DOW ) makes up about 90 % of the ocean volume , has a temperature of about 3 °C ( ~ 276° K ) and a salinity of about 3.5 % .
Therefore , although the temperature of the DOW is colder than most of the sea surface ( e.g. , sea surface temperatures , SSTs , range from about 18 °C ( ~ 291°K ) to 29 °C ( ~ 302 °K ) from about ± 50° Latitude to the equator ) , it stores much more heat than the upper 200 meters or so of the thermocline .
The low temperature of the DOW is generated and maintained by a quasi - steady - state process .
Deep water formation originates near the two poles , by the downwelling of cold dense surface water to create and maintain the famous thermohaline circulation ( THC ) .
Most of the THC ultimately upwells in the southern oceans as the completion of the meridional overturning circulation ( MOC ) , with a delay of more than a millennium
The DOW is the most poorly explored and measured volume of the ocean .
A small brief slowdown of MOC would not necessarily change the GOHC , but would tend to produce a decrease in global mean SSTs that could decrease the GMST ( and visa versa ) .
The causal connections might not be readily observed .
Such phenomena as ENSO , AMO and PDO represent quasi-cyclic , moderately well - observed exchanges of near - surface waters with deeper waters .
When a volume of water is moved downward , some water must move up ‘ to maintain the level of the oceans ’ .
It may move up over a very large area below the thermocline , and so be almost imperceptible , as a thermal signature , or it may appear as Ekman - pumped , wind - driven upwelling , in local coastal areas , like with La Nina .
But at present , a significant portion of the heat in near - surface water could be advected into the DOW without being observed because of the sparse sampling at depths below 2 km ( Argo buoys go no deeper than 2 km ) .
The sampling situation is the reverse for the atmosphere .
The heat capacity varies with density , and therefore barometric pressure ( altitude ) .
So near - surface temperatures track a major portion of the heat content of the atmosphere .
Although we would appreciate even better sampling , the density of sampling of global surface temperatures is quite high and we ’re observing a substantial portion of the atmosphere .
For this reason , I ’m somewhat more wary of the amount of uncertainty that is associated with GOHC than is Roger .
B. James Hansen has pointed out that “ even if atmospheric composition and other climate forcings remain fixed at today ’s values …. additional global warming of …. ~ 0.6° C is “ in the pipeline ” and will occur in the future ” .
Hansen et al. ( 2005 ) Science 308:1431 – 1434 .
http://pubs.giss.nasa.gov/docs/2005/2005_Hansen_etal_1.pdf
Roger interprets Hansen ’s use of “ in the pipeline ” as an error in physics , because once heat has been radiatively deposited in the ocean it is “ there ” .
For example , see Roger’s :
Is There Climate Heating In “ The Pipeline ” ?
Further Comments Regarding The Concept “ Heating In The Pipeline ”
I believe Jim and his colleagues have made their meaning quite clear , and their concept in no way represents ‘ wrong ’ physics .
In the opening sentences of the 2005 paper they state :
“ Earth ’s climate system has considerable thermal inertia .
This point is of critical importance to policy - and decision - makers who seek to mitigate the effects of undesirable anthropogenic climate change .
The effect of the inertia is to delay Earth ’s response to climate forcings , i.e. , changes of the planet ’s energy balance that tend to alter global temperature . ”
I believe this clearly describes what he means later , by “ heat in the pipeline ” .
On page 1432 , under “ Earth ’s energy imbalance ” he states :
“ We infer from the consistency of observed and modeled planetary energy gains that the forcing still driving climate change , i.e. , the forcing not yet responded to , averaged ~ 0.75 W/m2 in the past decade and was ~ 0.85 T 0.15 W/m2 in 2003 ( Fig. 1C ) .
This imbalance is consistent with the total forcing of ~ 1.8 W/m2 relative to that in 1880 and climate sensitivity of ~ 2/3 ºC per W / m2 .
The observed 1880 to 2003 global warming is 0.6 º to
0.7ºC ( 11 , 22 ) , which is the full response to nearly 1 W /m2 of forcing .
Of the 1.8 W/m2 forcing , 0.85 W/m2 remains , i.e. , additional global warming of 0.85 x 0.67 ~ 0.6 ºC is “ in the pipeline ” and will occur in the future even if atmospheric composition and other climate forcings remain fixed at today ’s values ( 3 , 4 , 23 ) . ”
By “ the forcing not yet responded to ” Hansen means not yet responded to by the atmosphere .
Roger can fault him here for his semantics ; had he added “ by the atmosphere ” I believe his meaning would be perfectly clear , given the opening paragraph .
And it makes perfect sense with his closing “ will occur in the future ” , meaning after the ocean has equilibrated with the atmosphere .
Roger emailed me :
“ Here is what Jim Hansen wrote in 2000 [ http://www.pnas.org/cgi/content/abstract/97/18/9875
] “ The remaining global warming of 0.4 – 0.5 °C that is “ in the pipeline ” is consistent with the present planetary energy imbalance of 0.6 ± 0.1 W/m 2 … .
Thus observed ocean heat storage requires a planetary energy imbalance of the same magnitude ” .
In the 2000 quote above , I believe that it is fairly clear that “ observed ocean heat storage ” refers to that ocean heat that has not yet equilibrated with the atmosphere .
And “ a planetary imbalance of the same magnitude ” means the stored heat has yet to equilibrate with the atmosphere and land surface , thus the planet is in imbalance with respect to the distribution of heat – and therefore , temperature .
Jim has been consistent .
He could have been a bit more precise with the inclusion of explicit referents , e.g. , “ by the atmosphere ” .
The Great Lakes , as well as other aquatic systems , have seen the accidental import of many invasive species .
Some , as it turns out , are stronger than the native forms which dramatically changes local conditions and not always for the good .
Amidst the public battle over handling of the Asian carp threat in the Great Lakes , there is good news on the invasive species front .
A New York State appellate court dismissed a challenge brought by shipping interests against the stateâ€™s tough new ballast water requirements , which are designed to limit the introduction of more invasive species into the Great Lakes .
This is the second time that the state , with help from intervening Non-Government Organizations , has successfully defended the ballast water restrictions in court .
The Asian carp is the particular culprit in this case , including the bighead carp and the silver carp .
Other species include the quagga mussel that now carpets the bottom of Lake Michigan .
The population of prey fish , which sustain big fish like salmon , has dropped to less than 10 % of what it was before invasive mussels arrived two decades ago .
An invasive species is an animal or plant that moves into a new environment , often badly disrupting it .
Invasive species are becoming more common , in part because of international trade , which allows easy and accidental transport of wildlife from one corner of the world to another , and partly due to climate change , which prompts species to migrate to more hospitable environments , often at the expense of those that already live there .
The Asian carp are particularly dangerous .
Native to China and parts of Southeast Asia , the freshwater carp have been cultivated for aquaculture for more than 1,000 years , often raised in submerged rice paddies .
Catfish farmers in the U.S. imported the carp decades ago to eat up the algae in their ponds ; the fish slowly escaped into the wild and have been making their way up the Mississippi river .
Due to the environmental threat posed by invasive species , lawyers from NRDC intervened in the shipping industry lawsuit alongside the State of New York .
The Appellate Division of the New York State Supreme Court , Third Judicial Department , rejected shipping industry arguments that the New York ballast water regulations were illegal because they were stricter than the U.S. EPA 's nationwide discharge permit .
â€ œTodayâ€™s court decision is an important victory in the ongoing saga to protect our majestic Great Lakes from invasive species.â€ said Marc Smith , Policy Manager with National Wildlife Federation .
â€ œRequiring the shipping industry to install effective protections against these invaders is long over due .
Now more than ever do we need aggressive federal action to help reinforce New Yorkâ€™s leadership to ensure a more comprehensive defense policy against invasive species . "
The New York court 's ruling that states have authority to adopt ballast water rules that are more protective than federal standards is consistent with the decision last year in a lower state court as well as the federal appeals court in Cincinnati to uphold Michigan 's ballast water rules against a similar shipping industry challenge .
The Great Lakes are a unique ecosystem representing 1/5 of the Earth 's surface fresh water , but the vitality of the ecosystem has been threatened by alien species that have wreaked havoc on native fish and plants .
Over 150 + invasive species have been identified in the Great Lakes since the St. Lawrence Seaway opened in 1959 .
65 % of these invasive species introductions have been attributed to ballast water .
The Canadian and U.S. operators of the St. Lawrence Seaway have begun requiring freighters to flush their ship steadying ballast tanks with ocean saltwater to kill or expel any unwanted organisms before they arrive in the Great Lakes .
Marine advocates say the flushing largely has solved the ballast problem , and point to the fact that no new species have been detected in the lakes since late 2006 .
Others disagree .
For further information : http://www.nrdc.org/media/2010/100204.asp?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+NRDCPressReleases+%28NRDC+Press+Releases%29&utm_content=Google+Reader
Tony from the StarShipSofa sf podcast sez , " In the spirit of ' paying it forward ' , StarShipSofa is rallying the SF / F community around Spider and Jeanne Robinson .
Throughout the month of December , the online audio magazine will be releasing an original series written by Lawrence Santoro .
While listeners can hear ' Lord Dickens ' Declaration ' for free on StarShipSofa , one can elect to purchase the ebook with art by Skeet Scienski .
All proceeds will be donated to Spider and Jeanne in an effort to support her as she battles cancer .
Diagnosed with a rare biliary cancer , the treatments have eaten away at the Robinson 's finances as doctors aggressively fight the disease from spreading .
This ebook will only be available for purchase through December 31st and is priced at 2.99 GBP , with an option to donate more ( in increments of 10 , 20 , 50 , & 100 GPB ) .
Any fan of the Robinson 's can attest to their strength , but we hope that through this time of strife , the SF / F community can help them survive through the worst .
Thank you for standing with the Robinson 's in their time of need . "
Aural Delights No 113 Lawrence Santoro Pt 3
( Thanks , Tony ! )
Coordinated cyberattacks launched from Europe and China breached computers at firms and government agencies worldwide in the past 18 months , The Wall Street Journal reported .
The Journal quoted computer security firm NetWitness as saying the attacks made mountains of data vulnerable to mining by hackers , although the damage had yet to be fully assessed .
Information bared to hackers ranged from credit card transactions to intellectual property of slightly more than 2,400 victims , including 10 US government agencies , according to the Journal .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ More than 75,000 computer systems at nearly 2,500 companies in the United States and around the world have been hacked in what appears to be one of the largest and most sophisticated attacks by cyber criminals discovered to date , ” The Washington Post adds .
The hacking operation began in late 2008 in Germany and has yet to be stopped , NetWitness said .
Workers at companies were tricked into visiting websites or opening email attachments that promised to clean viruses from computers but instead infected machines .
Malicious code used in the attacks allowed hackers to seize control of computers remotely .
Evidence cited by NetWitness indicated the culprits may be Eastern European gangsters .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report came in the wake of Google revealing it was targeted by a sophisticated cyberattack aimed at the US firm ’s source code and Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists around the world .
Computer industry specialists subsequently said more than 30 companies were hit by those attackers .
The apparent online espionage prompted Google to vow it would stop bowing to Chinese censors and shut down its China search service if it cannot operate unfettered .
ADVERTISEMENT
Google continues to filter searches in accordance with Chinese law while trying to negotiate a compromise with officials there .
Organization Theory : A Libertarian Perspective
Organization Theory
If it is true ( as Kevin has argued , and as I argued in Scratching By ) that , absent the state , most ordinary workers would experience a dramatic decline in the fixed costs of living , including ( among other things ) considerably better access to individual ownership of small plots of land , no income or property tax to pay , and no zoning , licensing , or other government restraints on small - scale neighborhood home - based crafts , cottage industry , or light farming / heavy gardening , I think you ’d see a lot more people in a position to begin edging out or to drop out of low - income wage labor entirely — in favor of making a modest living in the informal sector , by growing their own food , or both ...
Reason
But Governor Brown was much more of a fiscal conservative than Governor Reagan , even if he made arguments for austerity that the Republican would never use .
( At one point , to get across the idea that a lean organization could outperform a bloated bureaucracy , he offered the example of the Viet Cong . )
This will be my third book , based on the series of papers on industrial history I did at Center for a Stateless Society .
The current manuscript , which is far from finished , is available as an ebook at my new Wordpress blog dedicated to the project .
From the Preface ( itself still decidedly unfinished ) :
In researching and writing my last book , I was probably more engaged and enthusiastic about working on material related to micromanufacturing , the microenterprise , the informal economy , and the singularity resulting from them , than on just about any other part of the book .
When the book went to press , I did n't feel that I was done writing about those things .
As I completed that book , I was focused on several themes that , while they recurred throughout the book , were imperfectly tied together and developed .
In my first paper as research associate at Center for a Stateless Society , I attempted to tie these themes together and develop them in greater detail in the form of a short monograph .
I soon found that it was n't going to stop there , as I elaborated on the same theme in a series of C4SS papers on industrial history .
And as I wrote those papers , I began to see them as the building blocks for a stand - alone book .
One of the implicit themes which I have attempted to develop since , and which is central to this book , is the central role of fixed costs — initial capital outlays and other overhead — in economics .
The higher the fixed costs of an enterprise , the larger the income stream required to service them .
That 's as true for the household microenterprise , and for the “ enterprise ” of the household itself , as for more conventional businesses .
Regulations that impose artificial capitalization and other overhead costs , the purchase of unnecessarily expensive equipment of a sort that requires large batch production to amortize , the use of stand - alone buildings , etc. , increase the size of the minimum revenue stream required to stay in business , and effectively rule out part - time or intermittent self - employment .
When such restrictions impose artificially high fixed costs on the means of basic subsistence ( housing and feeding oneself , etc. ) , their effect is to make cheap and comfortable subsistence impossible , and to mandate ongoing external sources of income just to survive .
As Charles Johnson argued , On the other hand , innovation in the technologies of small - scale production and of daily living reduce the worker 's need for a continuing income stream .
It enables the microenterprise to function intermittently and to enter the market incrementally , with no overhead to be serviced when business is slow .
The result is enterprises that are lean and agile , and can survive long periods of slow business , at virtually no cost ; likewise , such increased efficiencies , by minimizing the ongoing income stream required for comfortable subsistence , have the same liberating effect on ordinary people that access to land on the common did for their ancestors three hundred years ago .
The more I thought about it , the more central the concept of overhead became to my analysis of the two competing economies .
Along with setup time , fixed costs and overhead are central to the difference between agility and its lack .
Hence the subtitle of this book : “ A Low Overhead Manifesto . ” Agility and Resilience are at the heart of the alternative economy 's differences with its conventional predecessor .
Its superiorities are summed up by the cover image ; a tiny teenage Viet Cong girl leading an enormous American pilot into captivity .
I 'm obliged to Jerry Brown ( viamagazine 's Jesse Walker ) for the metaphor : guerrillas in black pajamas , starting out with captured Japanese and French arms , with a bicycle - based supply train , kicking the living shit out of the best - trained and highest - technology military force in human history .
The sad thing about an idea is when you fall so far in love with it that you ca n’t see the end result not being worth the actual investment to bring it to fruition .
The snowboard world is home to a plethora of these bad ideas that lurk in the underbelly of our industry .
SIA is always a great area to find these bad ideas , typically these are delegated to the far back corner often near the bathrooms so the stench of feces can help accentuate the level of shittiness these products exude .
Well low and behold this year one of these crap products made its way into the mainstream .
For some reason the powers that be at SIA ( read $ $ $$ spent ) decided to let one of these horribly bad ideas get into a heavily trafficked area .
Oh but it gets better still as the geographical location of this company comes from that magical arm pit of the universe , yes that ’s right it ’s another BroCal product !
I would like to be the first to welcome Manic Snowboard Bindings to you .
Yes that ’s right it has a suspension system oh but lets not forget it ’s made out of 100 % Magnesium .
Now for those of you that do n’t know Magnesium is a metal you do n’t really want anywhere near your feet due to the fact it ’s prone to breakage .
There ’s a reason Aluminum is used in the bases , disks , and heel cups , it ’s a stronger metal .
Magnesium is not .
Now lets think about this for a second , dead spots impair the natural flex of a board , risers impair the natural flex of a board , suspension definitely impairs the natural flex as well .
So what the hell does this steamy turd do ?
It impairs the natural flex !
How in the hell is this providing optimal performance when it ’s about 2 inches wider than any other binding on the market and sits about an inch higher ?
Can anyone explain that one to me ?
And what about mounting this thing up , how the hell do you do that with a super extended screw or what ?
This is a recipe for disaster .
Now here ’s another thing to consider when you ’re sitting higher up on the board with a suspension system , you ’re changing the whole dynamics and geometry of riding .
Sure you ’ll get better leverage on edge but how in the fuck does something with 4 springs allow for an even flex when powering through turns ?
Yes you can adjust them to your desired setting but still you ’re elevated further off the board .
Now the beauty of these guys having prime real estate next to the Skullcandy booth was that you could over hear some of the absurd claims they made .
At one point one of their people ( he had a thick Texas accent which does not bode well in Colorado country ) exclaimed that it was like Burtons EST .
How the fuck is it like EST , EST gives better board feel by putting you closer to the board .
This thing does n’t do that .
Their marketing is all about reducing chatter because evidently all these new foams , gels , and cushions the industry has introduced are n’t doing that .
Sorry but technology in boards , boots , and especially BINDINGS has come such a long way that chatter is pretty minimal these days and if you actually know how to ride you can use your body to absorb what ’s left over .
But the true kicker for the absurdity of this junk show is that evidently it costs them $ 1,500 dollars to make and retails for $ 3,000 .
Who the fuck spends that much on bindings ?
That ’s more than a Libtech Cygnus or a Burton Method .
If you ’re buying this you better have a tattooed tramp stamp that says “ Compensating ” .
Seriously three grand is like a really expensive mortgage payment , hell do you know how many hookers and blow you could get down on Colfax Avenue at SIA for that price ?
Now if there ’s one thing that this product proves , it ’s that BroCal is truly the epicenter of shitty snowboard related products .
So to the first person that can send me a photo of them riding a Bitch Board with a Strap Pad and these monstrosities while rocking the snowboard pole I ’ll send you a brand new snowboard .
If you can actually get video of you riding with said set up I ’ll give you a complete set up .
( Disclaimer snowboard may or may not be new and may or may not be unrideable but will be 100 % kook free )
Location :
The Conservative federal government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper will ask the Canadian Supreme Court to overturn a provincial court ruling that okayed Vancouver 's InSite safe injection site .
Justice Minister Rob Nicholson said the government will appeal because the case raised important questions about the division of powers among the federal and provincial governments , the CBC reported Tuesday .
InSite in the only supervised drug injection site in North America .
It has been in place since 2003 , when British Columbia health authorities won a temporary exemption from Canada 's federal drug law .
While the then Liberal government approved , the now governing Conservatives do not .
InSite originally won a three - year exemption from the federal drug law .
Under tremendous pressure , the Conservatives grudgingly gave InSite a 15 - month extension , then extended it to 22 months ending in June 2008 .
But fearing the Conservatives ' intentions , InSite operator the Portland Hotel Society , the Vancouver Area Network of Drug Users ( VANDU ) , and two InSite clients filed a lawsuit in the BC courts seeking to have the provincial government , which under Canadian law is responsible for health care , declared the sole authority over InSite — not the federal government and the federal drug laws .
InSite and its supporters won in the BC Supreme Court in 2008 and won again last month in the province 's highest court , the Court of Appeals .
It is those decisions , which puts decisions on whether to keep InSite open firmly in the hands of BC health officials , that the federal government now seeks to overturn .
In his remarks Tuesday , Justice Minister Nicholson said nothing about shutting down InSite , instead saying the appeal was about clarifying provincial versus federal powers .
" The case we 'll be presenting before the court is to ask for clarification , " he said .
" I think it is important to do that . "
But Portland Hotel Society director Mark Townsend was running out of patience with the Conservatives .
" The courts have now ruled twice in favor of InSite , " he said in a statement Tuesday .
" Last time , they thought the feds were so out of line they made them pay all the costs .
We wish Stephen Harper would stop wasting court time and the taxpayers ' money and start helping to solve the drug problem in our community . "
You wo n't actually find the Noah 's Ark burger on any BK menu , but only because the king must have a thing against deliciousness .
Or , I dunno , 10,000 calorie menu items .
Whatever the case , the Noah's
Ark burger consists of two of every kind of patty BK has to offer : beef , veggie , chicken and fish , plus bacon .
Can you say dangerously delicious ?!
I can , it 's spelled H - E - A - R - T A - T - T - A - C - K. Gotdamn I want one .
But with more cheese .
CHEESE NOAH NEEDS MORE CHEESE !
Hit the jump for a couple more shots ( including the receipt with requisite diet soda ) , a video of a guy pounding the thing , and a link to even more pics of the Biblical - ness .
The Noah 's Ark Burger [ marccocchio ]
Thanks to Marc , who actually witnessed the debauchery and could n't help but want a bite .
Rovers and probes have provided some info on Martian soil and climate , but scientists want to bring a chunk of the Red Planet down to Earth on what 's called a sample - return mission .
Uh , remember The Andromeda Strain ?
What happens if some freaky virus comes back on NASA 's planned 2018 sample return ?
WHY , GOD , WHY ?
Martian probes can't carry the full spectrum of scientific gear and monitors to the dirt , but they can bring the dirt back to instruments on Earth , buying time and flexibility for testing .
And when it comes to Mars rocks , scientists love time and flexibility .
Researchers spent more than a decade studying the Martian rock known as the Allen Hills meteorite ( and found possible fossil evidence of life ) .
If and when we bring back a coffee - cup - size sample from Mars in 2018 , it will also need Earth - bound scrutiny .
FEAR FACTOR NASA 's Planetary Protection division ( " Our mission is to prevent biological cross- contamination " ) plans to house everything in a special receiving facility on Earth similar to a level - 4 biohazard - containment lab , the most secure kind .
" The only thing that would be of concern is something that can replicate , " says Margaret Race , a principal investigator with the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) Institute who focuses on contaminants and planetary protection .
" If it 's radiation or toxins , we can deal with that . "
She believes the Mars sample could be just as vulnerable to Earthly microbes as people might be to any Martian germs .
" We 've gotten very good at biocontainment , " Race says .
" If something goes wrong , we could just autoclave " — sterilize — " everything . "
WORRY METER Low
Jon Proctor
Activity Percentage of Users that Engage in Activity Instant Messaging 95 % Surfing or Browsing 86 % Weather Reports 72 % Viewing News or Sports 70 % Saving Music 68 % Travel Planning and Research 65 % Medical Information 57 % Games 51 % Online Newspapers & Magazines 51 % Research Community Events 44 % Blogging , Discussion Groups 33 % TV or Movies 33 % Job Search 31 % Read about Social Issues 29 % Correspond about Social Issues 13 %
Over half of Canadians 15 years and older use the internet .
50 % of women use the internet .
56 % of men use the internet .
Canadians aged 15 - 19 use the internet more than any other age group .
90 % of Canadians aged 15 - 19 use the internet .
70 % of Canadians aged 25 - 29 use the internet .
61 % of Canadians aged 35 - 39 use the internet .
13 % of Canadians aged 65 - 69 use the internet .
The highest internet use in Canada is in Alberta and British Columbia .
79 % of Canadians with a university education use the internet .
13 % of Canadians with less than a high school diploma use the internet .
So , for my cs215 class I had to write a report on a " web based topic " .
I kinda copped out and just wrote about some statistics I found on the Stats Canada website .
I figure I 'll post some of the statistics here and then talk about what really bothered me about them .
Here goes : I guess I will talk about internet use first .
I find it really encouraging that many people apparently DO use the internet to research information and communicate about social issues .
Instant messaging and general surfing may be the most popular activities , but hey , news is third !
Clearly the potential benefits of the internet ARE being tapped , at least to some extent .
Besides , even if most people do n't use the internet in ways that are extremely beneficial , the potential for good is still there .
This first table helps justify the position that the potential benefits of the internet far outweigh the risks .
The second set of statistics makes me somewhat less optimistic about the benefits of the internet .
Even though my last post discussed how increased information could lead to increased equality , these statistics do not seem to reflect that goal .
For instance , 6 % more men use the internet than women .
This to me is both interesting and really weird .
Here is an article a friend sent me about why women do n't go into computer science .
It turns out that less women now are going into CS than ever before .
Enrolment has declined from approximately 50 % when the field of computer science first emerged , to 28 % , to 22 % , to just 12 % in the present day .
The article hypothesizes that the ' nerdy ' image of CS majors deters women from entering the field .
I have seen other data to this effect , some of which specifically mentioned that the association between Star Trek and CS makes women unwilling to enter the field .
What is up with that ??
Personally , I LOVE Star Trek .
Another REALLY discouraging trend in the data is that people with a university education use the internet 66 % more than those without a high school degree .
That really does n't seem to suggest that those without the means for post - secondary education are educating themselves using the new technology that is available .
I find this so disappointing .
Perhaps this gap can be explained since universities may require students to make use of the internet ( for example , this assignment ) , but the magnitude of the gap seems too large for such an explanation .
Another possible reason could be that the elderly are less likely to have a high school diploma because it was less relevant several decades ago .
Older age groups also seem to make less use of the internet .
However , the second Stats Can article mentions that the elderly are now using the internet for gaming and communication even more than middle aged people .
I can support this with some anecdotal evidence about how my Granny has now figured out email and daily sends me pictures of cute kittens .
Although I find cute kitten pictures SUPREMELY annoying , I am happy that my Granny is able to use email , facebook , and online games to entertain herself and keep busy after the death of my Poppa .
I would call that an internet win .
I guess this entry has turned out much longer and more rambling than I had originally planned for .
A quick summary ?
The internet rules , its just sad that more people do n't take advantage of it .
There ’s a law of large numbers , a law of small numbers , and a law of medium numbers in between .
The law of large numbers is a mathematical theorem .
It describes what happens as you average more and more random variables .
The law of small numbers is a semi-serious statement about how people underestimate the variability of the average of a small number of random variables .
The law of medium numbers is a term coined by Gerald Weinberg in his book An Introduction to General Systems Thinking .
He states the law as follows .
For medium number systems , we can expect that large fluctuations , irregularities , and discrepancy with any theory will occur more or less regularly .
The law of medium numbers applies to systems too large to study exactly and too small to study statistically .
For example , it may be easier to understand the behavior of an individual or a nation than the dynamics of a small community .
Atoms are simple , and so are stars , but medium - sized things like birds are complicated .
Medium - sized systems are where you see chaos .
Weinberg warns that medium - sized systems challenge science because scientific disciplines define their boundaries by the set of problems they can handle .
He says , for example , that
Mechanics , then , is the study of those systems for which the approximations of mechanics work successfully .
He warns that we should not be mislead by a discipline ’s “ success with systems of its own choosing . ”
Weinberg ’s book was written in 1975 .
Since that time there has been much more interest in the emergent properties of medium - sized systems that are not explained by more basic sciences .
We may not understand these systems well , but we may appreciate the limits of our understanding better than we did a few decades ago .
Related posts
The work of This I Believe is made possible by individuals like you .
Please consider making your tax - deductible contribution today .
Introducing the amazing new Penta - Lawn 2000 !
The most resilient lawn ever !
Exclusively tested at the Pentagon on September 11 , 2001 .
It 's skid proof !
It 's fire proof !
It even repels plane debris !
On September 11 , 2001 , a bunch of mean nasty Arab terrorists hijacked
American Airlines Flight 77 , a Boeing 757 fully loaded with fuel , and
crashed it at ground level into the west side wall of the Pentagon .
" Some eyewitnesses believe the plane actually hit the ground at the base of the Pentagon first , and then skidded into the building . "
- CBS
" As eyewitnesses described and photographs demonstrate , the hijacked airliner dived so low as it approached the Pentagon that it actually hit the ground first , thereby dissipating much of the energy that might otherwise have caused more extensive damage to the building . "
- Snopes.com
" But I think the blessing here might have been that the airplane hit before it hit the building , it hit the ground , and a lot of energy might have gone that way .
That 's what it appeared like . "
- CNN
" What -- or who -- caused Flight 77 to hit ground first , diffusing most of its destructive energy before it slammed into the Pentagon ? "
-ESPN / MSN
" NBC ’s Jim Miklaszewski explains that the sequence of five photos , taken from a Department of Defense security camera , shows the Boeing 757 hitting the ground an instant before it plows into the building and explodes in a deadly fireball . "
- MSNBC
" Then he caught an edge of his wing on the ground . "
There is a helicopter pad right in front of the side of the Pentagon .
The wing touched there , then the plane cartwheeled into the building .
- Time
" According to one witness , ' what looked like a 747 ' plowed into the south side of the Pentagon , possibly skipping through a heliport before it hit the building . "
- Stars and Stripes
Patrick :
The plane hit the ground first , then slid into the building .
- Paul Boutin
Ouch !
That must have hurt !
Just think what this would do to your lawn after an explosion like this .
Plane debris , skid marks , fire burns , jet fuel , luggage , body parts , yuck !
You would have to shell out thousands of dollars to clean up this mess !
But wait , this is not your ordinary lawn !
This is the Penta - Lawn 2000 !
Do you think just any lawn would hold up like this after a plane crashed on it ?
No Way !
Only the Penta - Lawn 2000 !
can withstand the shear punishment
from the crash of a fully fueled 100 ton commercial airliner !
This is how an ordinary lawn looks after a commercial airliner crashes on it ...
What a mess !
But look how marvelous the Penta - Lawn 2000 !
held
up right after a Boeing 757 crashed on it ...
Not a Scratch !
Not even a dent !
Superb !
Simply amazing !
Even your spouse will be impressed !
And look how nice and neat the Penta - Lawn 2000 !
looks after the roof collapses ...
Astonishing !
Absolutely fabulous !
Wish we could say the same about the Pentagon !
So do n't just settle for any lawn .
Demand the best
most resilient lawn money can buy today !
Because the grass is always greener ...
with the Penta - Lawn 2000 !
Guaranteed to repel :
Plane debris
Jet fuel
Luggage
Body parts
Guaranteed to resist :
Fire / Explosions
Skid marks
Planes crashing on it
It 's even guaranteed to hold up in the event of a terrorist attack !
Malsin is awaiting the court ruling on his expulsion A US citizen working as an editor for a the Palestinian news agency Maan is appealing against Israel 's refusal to allow him entry at Tel Aviv airport .
Jared Malsin has been detained since he returned from a holiday in Prague on Tuesday evening , his colleagues said .
Israeli security officials said security concerns had arisen when he was questioned , and the Interior Ministry had refused him entry .
Maan said a court hearing due on Thursday has been postponed to Sunday .
It said the decision could " only be explained as a retaliatory measure for his reporting on Palestine " .
Mr Malsin , who Maan says is Jewish , is the English language editor for the news agency .
Interior Ministry spokeswoman Sabin Hadad said Mr Malsin had been denied entry because he had refused to answer during questioning .
She said issues related to Mr Malsin 's visa " could have been solved if he had co-operated , " said Ms Hadad .
Incorrect visa
An official report on the questioning , which Maan said it had received from the court , accused Mr Malsin of failing to arrange the correct visa , but did not give details .
It said he was suspected of " exploiting the fact that he is Jewish to gain a visa " .
This was apparently on the basis that , when seeking a visa extension previously , he had told Interior Ministry officials he was exploring the option of emigrating to Israel , but had written articles critical of the country .
By law Jews from around the world are eligible to emigrate to Israel .
The report also said Mr Malsin had refused to give the name of the friend he said he lived with in the West Bank .
On Wednesday , the Committee to Protect Journalists , based in New York , called the decision " unacceptable " .
" Israel can not hide behind the pretext of security to sideline journalists who have done nothing more than maintain an editorial line that the authorities dislike , " said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , the New York based organisation 's co-ordinator for the Middle East and North Africa .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said that allegations that the decision was because of Mr Malsin 's journalism were " simply absurd " .
Mr Malsin and his partner , Faith Rowold , both in their twenties , were detained and interrogated for eight hours on trying to re-enter Israel after a holiday in Prague , Maan said .
It said that Ms Rowold was expelled early on Thursday morning , while Mr Malsin was granted a court hearing and allowed to stay until a verdict was reached .
Hearing postponed A court hearing scheduled for Thursday has been postponed until Sunday .
George Hale , one of Mr Malsin 's colleagues at Maan , said they had both been in the region for two years , Mr Malsin working for Maan and Ms Rowold volunteering for the Lutheran Church in Jerusalem .
Mr Hale said Mr Malsin was well known to Israeli military and government officials , who he spoke to regularly , and had even been offered access to Israeli military facilities in the West Bank .
" It 's preposterous , this is a guy who a month ago was invited to tour a military base in a settlement , " said Mr Hale .
He said Mr Malsin , a graduate of Yale University , had initially come to Israel on the Birthright programme , which funds visits to Israel for young Jewish Americans .
Mr Malsin had never overstayed a visa , except for his most recent one , which was a few days overdue and that he had been told by officials this did not matter , Mr Hale said .
Foreign nationals working or volunteering with Palestinian organisations in the West Bank often complain of difficulty obtaining visas .
Many are present on three - month tourist visas , which do not provide permission to work and may not be extended .
Maan news agency says it " scrupulously maintains its editorial independence and aims to promote access to information , freedom of expression , press freedom , and media pluralism in Palestine " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As many of you may recall , I lost one of my best friends earlier this fall .
It ’s the saddest thing I ’ve ever gone through .
Sure , I ’ve lost folks I love very much , but they ’ve always been older and it ’s never been out - of - the - blue .
But Jean was my age with dreams the size of Texas and a heart of solid gold .
I ’m talking 24 - karat .
I still have moments where something happens and I think about what a kick Jean would get out of it .
Lady Gaga and Elton John at the Grammy ’s .
Jersey Shore ( no one loved bad reality TV more than Jean ) .
This Friday would ’ve been her 30th birthday , so I ’m flying out to Boston to attend the first annual “ Jean - a - bration . ”
We ’re celebrating a big birthday and a big life that we all miss so dearly in a big way .
And you know what ?
There ’s nothing that girl liked more than a party .
I know she ’ll be proud .
I ’ve really never tried to celebrate an event or landmark when it ’s tinged with this much sadness–so we ’ll see how it goes .
I guess there ’s no right or wrong way to go about it .
I went to graduate school in Boston and have n’t been back since .
So I ’m excited to visit all my old haunts .
I ’ll take photos for you and share some of my favorite places to eat when I return .
And if you have any favorite Boston spots , let me know !
It ’s been a few years since I ’ve been back , and I hear things have changed a bit , so I ’d love any suggestions .
In the meantime , I wanted to leave you one of the best comfort drinks I know , perfect for heavy hearts or just a really gray afternoon : Mexican hot chocolate made with Ibarra .
I first learned of Ibarra when I was around sixteen .
It ’s when I started drinking coffee because –you know –everyone else started bringing to - go mugs to class and it all seemed very adult .
This great bakery downtown did Mexican mochas made with Ibarra and I jumped on the wagon .
They had a rich chocolate flavor with spicy cinnamon notes .
It all seemed magical and mysterious until a few years later when I realized you can buy Ibarra at the store and the drink I loved so much was pretty darn easy to emulate at home .
Now this particular recipe is for Mexican hot chocolate , but feel free to add a shot ( or two ) of espresso to make yourself a Mexican mocha .
You can find Ibarra at a Mexican grocery store or a well - stocked gourmet food market .
It is made with granulated sugar so a ) do n’t munch on it right out of the package –it ’s grainy !
( I tried ) and b ) no need to add sugar .
I have a friend who puts a little almond extract in her whipped cream , and I think that ’d be a nice touch for this , too .
So drink up .
In the name of love and chocolate and life and memory and gratitude .
And while you ’re doing all that , I ’ll drink to Jean .
Vicar bans ' anti- Christian ' exercise class Tai Chi from church hall
As far as the pensioners were concerned , their weekly Tai Chi classes in the church hall simply helped them to relax and do some gentle exercise .
But the vicar and senior members of the church community saw a more sinister side to the popular £ 2 a time lunchtime sessions .
They decided the ancient martial art , with its roots in the Chinese Taoist philosophy , was incompatible with Christianity and should not be tolerated .
Banned : Reverend David Rhodes claimed Tai Chi classes held at All Saints Church Hall in Totley , Yorkshire , were anti-Christian
So the Rev David Rhodes told the group of around 20 regulars who attended the classes at the All Saints Church Hall in the South Yorkshire village of Totley that they were banned and must find an alternative venue .
Needless to say , the decision has brought ridicule upon the vicar and his church ' elders ' who have been condemned as ' bigots ' .
Pat Parkin , 74 , said : ' We are not anti-Christs , we 're just a group of mainly older women trying to keep fit and healthy .
' I find it absolutely astonishing that we should be banned as anti-Christian .
We are not learning anything about any Eastern religion or philosophy .
' It is just about calm , gentle movements and breathing .
I have had a stroke so this is perfect for helping me with my balance .
' I do n't know if the vicar thinks we are learning kung fu or martial arts and are training to kill people but we 're just trying to keep healthy as we get older - what 's anti-Christian about that ?'
One class member Betty Warwick , who is in her 80s , said the vicar told them Tai Chi was a ' spiritual exercise which was anti - Christian . '
She said : ' This all seems so petty .
There 's nothing anti Christian about it , it 's all about keeping calm and breathing and trying to keep fit .
It has caused a lot of upset .
' I can't understand it , we are living in the 21st century .
I am a Christian but this is n't a Christian attitude at all , stopping us from using the church hall just for doing some gentle exercise .
' We are not doing anybody any harm at all .
Now we will have to decide if we are going to keep going . '
Tai Chi combines deep breathing and concentration with slow , controlled movements aimed at developing strength , balance and calm .
It is beneficial to the joints and works the muscles gently .
The hour - long sessions have been running for five months and were organised by Sheffield Council as part of its health promotion programme .
The Totley class started at the local Conservative Club but switched to the bigger church hall venue .
Jennie Street , a community leader , who rang the vicar to protest , said : 'The bigotry is appalling .
Some of the older people were very upset about it .
They say they 're just doing exercises and being healthy , it 's got nothing to do with religion .
Gentle art : Tai Chi has been practiced by the Chinese for centuries and combines deep breathing with slow , controlled movements
' All Saints ' has recently asked the local residents ' association for financial support to help refurbish the church hall on the grounds that it is open to all .
But it seems a cheek to be asking for help and then throwing people out . '
But the Rev Rhodes has remained defiant .
He said : 'Within the the church we see Tai Chi as being an aspect of the Taoist religion .
We want to promote a whole life spirituality which centres on following Jesus and nd we feel that the two things clash .
' Our understanding is that the basis of Tai Chi is in Eastern religion and from the church 's point of view that is n't something that we want to be involved in .
' Had we known that is what was intended , we would n't have taken the booking in the first place .
Our first priority is to seek to be consistent with the Christian faith as we understand it .
' This is not my own personal decision .
It 's something the church leadership team has considered .
We feel very upset at the upset it has caused . '
Ronnie Robinson , spokesman for the Tai Chi Union for Great Britain , said : ' These little old ladies in the church hall will have no knowledge or concern about Taoism or anything like that .'
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
The Canary Islands are part of the Spain is the best honeymoon spot for couples , but they are located much closer to Africa than the Spanish mainland .
The seven islands are in the Atlantic Ocean , 1,350 kilometers south of the Iberian Peninsula .
Canary Islands consists of 7 larger islands Gran Canaria , Fuerteventura , Lanzarote , Tenerife , La Palma , La Gomera and El Hierro and a few smaller ones Alegranza , Graciosa , Montaña Clara , Roque del Este , Roque del Oeste and Lobos .
Greeks and Romans call this island as the Happy Islands , Garden of the Hesperides .
The climatic conditions of the Canary islands are between the seasons vary only some 6 º C , and the monthly islands average temperatures are from 18 º to 24 º C .
Together with their glorious weather , the Canary Islands offer a wide range of natural and man-made attractions that attract nearly 14 million visitors per year .
It also consists of vast volcanic craters , spectacular black beaches and ancient forests occupied by dolphins and whales .
The quieter islands are a heaven for nature lovers whilst the most popular islands offer action - packed resort areas with every form of facility and entertainment for foreign visitors .
In 1496 the islands became part of the Spanish kingdom , and the ships of Christopher Columbus stopped here on their travel to discover the New World .
Gran Canaria is like a giant horticultural centre where thousands of exotic fruits , trees and crops flourish .
Fuerteventura is said to be the oldest of the islands and has the longest beaches .
It 's not the place for all - night ravers but the island is a perfect holiday destination for families , couples and nature lovers seeking a relaxed winter sun holiday .
Lanzarote 's Timanfaya Park was declared a national reserve in 1974 and the island as a whole , which has one of the most extraordinary volcanic landscapes on the planet , has been designated a globally protected .
This is also a beautiful place for the couples which must be visited once .
If you are seeking a total bargain basement price for a hotel , the La Piramide Apartments is what you are looking for .
Prices begin at 12. 42 to 30 . 79 Euro per night .
These apartments have kitchen with refrigerator , room cleaning three times per week as well as sheet change weekly .
It is really a bunch of great amenities for the price .
It is 100 meters from the beach and rooms have balconies that face pool side .
One of the memorable occasions for the newly couple is a honeymoon vacation .
So enjoy honeymoon in the Canary island which remains as a sweet memory in your life .
Go for it Couples .
The purpose of Tuesday 's White House session was bipartisanship , but Nancy Pelosi made it clear that there 's disagreement even among Democrats .
Pelosi resists Obama on jobs plan
The Obama administration 's efforts to find common ground with congressional Republicans ran into two pockets of resistance Tuesday : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner .
At a closed - door White House session , Pelosi expressed skepticism over an administration proposal to offer tax breaks to businesses that create new jobs .
And Boehner urged President Barack Obama to abandon much of the Democrats ' current agenda on the ground that it 's killing jobs by creating uncertainty in the markets .
Advertisement
The White House session with congressional leaders was supposed to be a step toward bipartisanship , with a focus on jobs .
But Pelosi made it clear that there 's disagreement , even among Democrats .
White House economic advisers Christina Romer and Larry Summers defended the administration 's proposal to give employers a $ 5,000 credit for each new worker they hire as well as help with Social Security taxes .
Pelosi countered that no one she 's consulted believes that the plan will actually lead to the creation of new jobs , sources said .
“ She questioned the efficacy of it , ” one Democratic aide said .
Another Democratic aide said that Pelosi has " some concerns about the tax side " of the jobs bill Senate Democrats are trying to pass but that she did n't say she 'd refuse to move the bill through the House if it clears the Senate .
White House spokesman Bill Burton declined to discuss specifics of what was said in the meeting , but said , " There are a lot of ideas on how to create jobs from both Democrats and Republicans .
What we 're focused on is making sure that we move as quickly as possible to get a jobs bill passed and Americans back to work . "
Pelosi's push back against the tax credit plan is the latest in a series of breaks with White House officials .
Most recently , she questioned Obama 's proposal for a three - year freeze on discretionary nonsecurity spending , saying any freeze should apply equally to defense as well as domestic spending .
But the jobs bill is a particularly sore spot .
The House passed a $ 154 billion jobs package in December but that bill has been cast aside in the Senate , where Majority Leader Harry Reid needs to win support from moderate Democrats and persuade at least one Republican to cross over on a cloture motion .
Pelosi spokesman Brendan Daly said Tuesday that his boss is " a very strong supporter of this president , " and that she thought Tuesday 's meeting was " very productive . "
" She 's glad the president called it .
She knows Democrats have to work with Republicans to pass this critical jobs bill , " Daly said .
Sources said Obama spent part of Tuesday 's meeting tangling with Republican leaders , accusing Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of wanting to " kill " his top domestic priorities .
Boehner told the president that Democrats should " dispose of " their plans for health care reform and a cap - and - trade bill as well as other initiatives because the uncertainty surrounding them is dragging down the economy .
Sources said Obama was clearly irritated and told Boehner : “ You just want to kill all of these bills . "
Boehner shot back , saying , “ No , you are wrong , " and said his party really did want to work with Obama in a bipartisan fashion .
Obama complained that his administration is n't getting enough credit for what it 's done to improve the economy , including providing increased Medicaid aid to the states .
When the subject turned to reducing the deficit , sources say Obama tried to take McConnell to task for supporting a bill to create a bipartisan debt - reduction commission and then voting against it .
McConnell said he raised the issue of a fiscal commission before Obama was inaugurated last January but that the president did n't respond for more than a year — just before Reid brought the measure to a vote .
Obama pushed McConnell and Boehner to appoint members to a debt commission he plans to create through executive order , which he said would be based on the failed bipartisan plan .
Boehner laid out a series of concerns over the plan , saying it would lead to kicking the can down the road and that the panel 's recommendations should be voted on before an election rather than after one .
Neither McConnell nor Boehner committed to appointing members to the commission , saying they needed to see the details of Obama 's proposal first .
Boehner said that Obama should use his authority to rescind spending — and send such a proposal to the Hill , pledging GOP cooperation if Obama did so .
But the main focus of the meeting was on ways to reverse the nation ’s 9.7 percent unemployment rate .
Obama made a pitch for a bipartisan jobs bill that would include funding for infrastructure , a cut in capital gains tax and the hiring tax credit , sources said .
Pelosi — along with the rest of the Democrats , indicated that she supported more infrastructure spending , including “ greening ” efforts throughout the country .
According to sources , Boehner agreed that cutting capital gains was a good idea but raised concerns about whether it was workable , pushing for it to be lowered from 10 - 15 percent to 5 - 10 percent .
McConnell called for bipartisan support on four issues that Obama mentioned in his State of the Union address : trade , offshore drilling and expanding nuclear production and clean coal technology .
Lisa Lerer contributed to this report .
Of course , such pictures have been painted many times , but the colors were products of a painter ’s imagination , not a scientist ’s laboratory .
Image Reconstruction of two Sinosauropteryx , sporting their orange and white striped tails .
Credit ... Artwork by Chuang Zhao and Lida Xing
Dinosaur fossils are mostly drab collections of mineralized bones .
A few preserve traces of skin , and fewer still preserve structures that many scientists have argued are feathers .
In the new study , Michael Benton , a paleontologist at the University of Bristol , and colleagues have analyzed the structures of what appear to be feathers and say they match the feathers of living birds down to the microscopic level .
They used microscopic features to determine the ancient feathers ’ color .
The study builds on earlier work on fossil bird feathers by Jakob Vinther , a graduate student at Yale , and his colleagues .
In 2006 , Mr. Vinther discovered what looked like an ink sac preserved in a squid fossil .
Putting the fossil under a microscope , he discovered the sac was filled with tiny spheres .
The spheres were identical to pigment - loaded structures in squid ink , known as melanosomes .
Mr. Vinther knew that melanosomes created colors in other animals , including bird ’s feathers .
He and his colleagues made a microscopic inspection of fossils of feathers from extinct birds .
They discovered melanosomes with the same sausage - shaped structure as those found in living birds .
By analyzing the shape and arrangement of the fossil melanosomes , they were able to get clues to their original color .
They determined , for example , that a 47 - million - year - old feather had the dark iridescent sheen found on starlings today .
Dr. Benton was intrigued when he read Mr. Vinther ’s research and immediately wondered what it might mean for dinosaurs .
ACTA 's Internet Chapter Leaks ; And , Now We See How Sneaky The Negotiators Have Been
from the sneak - that - right - in - there ... dept
an online service provider expeditiously removing or disabling access to material or activity , upon receipt of legally sufficient notice of alleged infringement , and in the absence of a legally sufficient response from the relevant subscriber of the online service provider indicating that the notice was the result of a mistake or misidentification .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Reports spread this weekend that the ACTA 's all - important internet enforcement chapter had leaked .
You can download the PDF from that link , or check it out below : From here , you can see why this is still quite a dangerous document -- and why there 's been so much misinformation from its supporters , insisting that it " ca n't change US law , " or even ( as stated by the USTR ) that it wo n't include three strikes .
It does n't .
Sort of .
But it does make it very very difficult for any online service provider to get safe harborsdoing something along those lines .
Let 's explore deeper ... Sections 2 and 3 are the key ones to be concerned about here .
First , they talk up the importance of making sure that third party liability is in the law .
Now , technically , they are right that this would n't change US law -- as currentdoes have a third party liability standard .
But the actual text of the legislation .
Now it is entirely possible that Congress could decide the courts were mistaken in their decision to blame third party service providers for actions of their users , and clarify the law to get rid of third party liability .
After all , Congresslook at a bill tothird party liability to copyright law a few years back ( the so - called INDUCE Act ) andpass it .
Thus , it could come to pass that Congress feels an inducement standard does not make sense , and goes ahead and corrects the courts for interpreting current copyright law to include such a standard .
But if ACTA passes , that wo n't be possible .
The first thing you 'll see is that the same copyright defenders who are saying ACTA is no big deal and we 're worrying about nothing , will immediately start screaming at the top of their lungs about our " international obligations " such as ACTA , which prevent us from removing third party liability from our copyright law .
This is a big deal , because third party liability is a mess , and a perversion of justice .
It 's a way to blame a third party for actions they did not commit , just because it 's easier .
From a pure position of properly placing liability on the party who did the " wrong , " third party liability is a perversion .
However , ACTA then gets worse .
In section 3 , it tries to set up the " safe harbors " by which a service provider might avoid liability .
In the US , we already have this , with the DMCA 's notice - and - takedown provision , which is widely abused .
Yet , to qualify for the safe harbors in ACTA , the bar is set much higher .
This is hidden pretty deep , and you might miss it ( this is done on purpose ) if you 're not reading carefully .
It 's in section 3 ( b ) I and in footnote 6 .
Basically , it says that for a service provider to get safe harbors , it must implement a policy to deal with infringing works -- and in footnote 6 , it gives the concept of " termination " of service in the case of repeat infringersof the type of measure .
That , of course , is three strikes rules .
So , no , three strikes laws are n't " mandatory , " but theexample given of a proper policy that would qualify a service provider for safe harbors , is three strikes .
Guess what everyone 's going to implement ?
And , of course , if some country is so bold as to not implement such a thing , and to point out that ACTA says they do not need to implement three strikes , you can bet that the very same ACTA defenders will complain , and point to ACTA as a reason why they must do so .
You can see this already in the way those same ACTA defenders treat Canada , in claiming that its current treaty agreements obligate it to put in place DMCA - like notice - and - takedown provisions , along with anti-circumvention rules -- despite the fact that the agreements say no such thing directly .
Speaking of notice - and - takedown and anti-cirumvention , both make their appearance in the ACTA document .
The following subsection , again , highlighting what a service provider must do to get safe harbors , discusses takedowns : Michael Geist points out that this is a notice and takedown provision , though youargue that it could be read as just notice - and - notice -- where the person uploading content has the right to respond before the takedown occurs .
Still , the document is telling : note that the takedown is to occur onrather than on actual evidence or conviction of infringement .
This should be seen as problematic as well .
Given how often the notice - and - takedown system is abused , and given any judicial system that believes in innocence until guilt is proven , you would think that it should not be allowed to require a takedown without conviction .
Section 4 then discusses anti-circumvention and would lock in many of the mistakes of the DMCA that are causing serious problems today and need to be fixed -- not forced to stay due to " international obligations . "
The issue here is that it again will place the blame on the tools provider , since it includes just the manufacturing of tools for circumventing DRM or other technical protection measures .
It 's a bad law that blames those who make the tools , rather than those who use them .
Furthermore , it makes no exceptions for the lawful use of the tools .
You can use circumvention tools to make a perfectly legal backup of content that you bought .
But , under the DMCA , the act of making thatis illegal due to the circumvention .
That 's a huge problem that not only would be further locked into US law and blocked from change , but would then be forced on other countries who have ( smartly ) recognized how problematic this is .
In the end , the leaked document appears to show exactly what people feared it would ( and , again explains why the USTR and the lobbyists , who helped draft the document , wanted to keep it so secretive ) .
It takes a very fluid and evolving situation in copyright law and tries to lock it in place , despite tons of evidence of the harm done by certain aspects of that law , and to then spread those same mistakes to other countries .
Furthermore , it ratchets up what is required to qualify for " safe harbors " to make it such that , while three strikes may not be required , no other option is presented .
It 's a multiple choice question with " A " as the only answer .
And the USTR and entertainment industry lobbyists want to tell us that makes it not mandatory .
Filed Under : acta , anti-circumvention , copyright , dmca , enforcement , notice and takedown , secondary liability , third party liability , three strikes
I heard Ray Ferraro on Jim Rome this week , talking about the " angst " in Canada over the possibility that Team Canada wo n't win gold .
The gist of it was ( maybe an exact quote , but I 'm going from memory ) , " anything less than gold is a catastrophe for Canada . "
I get what he 's saying , and certainly we 've all heard it in various forms a million times over the last few months .
Canadians care more about hockey , they expect more from their hockey program , they expect to be better than everyone else and they will feel horrible about themselves and / or Canadian hockey if they are n't constantly validated as the absolute best in every way into perpetuity in all the universe amen .
I love Canadian hockey .
I 'm from Michigan , which may as well be Canada .
There would n't be hockey in the US without Canadian hockey .
Before the US gold in 1980 , I do n't think there were more than 20 Americans playing in the NHL .
I remember trying to count them in the back of The Hockey News , and coming up with something like seventeen .
There were n't even very many playing in college .
That 's how my home town in Michigan found hockey in the first place .
It was a college town and Canadian kids came to play for the college team , set down roots , raised little American kids and coached the local youth league teams .
Some of those kids I grew up with went on to play college ( unheard of ) , then the US Olympic team ( insane ) and finally played long careers in the NHL .
As an American hockey - playing kid growing up in the 70s , thinking you could grow up to play in the NHL was only slightly more practical than thinking you could grow up to be a Jedi .
I 'm sure you can trace every decent U.S. youth hockey program back to a college program or pro team that imported Canadians to play at a time when basically nobody cared .
Which is to say , basically U.S. hockey is Canadian hockey .
It 's just that the U.S. population is not the Canadian population .
And the U.S. population does n't care as much about hockey .
So what ?
It does n't make any sense to try to engage a person who does n't like hockey in a conversation about hockey .
Why bother ?
If you love Radiohead , do you have to browbeat every person on earth with the greatness of Radiohead ?
If you saw U2 when they played in bars , do you have to lord that over the casual fans who could n't tell you which album ( I still call them albums ) is which , despite calling themselves fans and having bought every record ( I still call them records , too ) .
I 've done that .
Many times .
I especially did it when I was 12 .
I just do n't understand doing it as an adult .
Except I do it .
I do it but I do n't know why .
It might be because it 's fun to be 12 .
And being a sports fan is one of the two quickest routes to the 12 - year - old part of our brains .
I love that the love of hockey is a self - identified part of Canada 's national character .
It 's even okay with me that Canadians think they 're simply better at it than everyone else .
I suppose the American version of that is the ( embarrassing , if you ask me ) idea that Americans are simply better at everything , and also , if we 're not better at it , it 's not really worth doing .
This would be why both countries in their respective communities are seen as arrogant by the rest of the world .
In Canada 's case , it 's the hockey world .
In America 's case , it 's the world .
( How to help Canadians understand Americans better : Just take the way you feel about hockey , and extend that to everything else .
Voila .
You 're an American . )
However , I do n't think Canada 's congenital love of hockey entitles them essentially to demand victory from Team Canada .
( Behind the Net has a great rundown on the odds for any of the top five teams winning gold ; short answer : 20 % . )
It 's a bit like the mean parent of a kid on your sports team who yells at the kid to [ fill in the blank ] " or else " .
National pride in not only excellence but absolute superiority puts the team in an impossible position , because it is literally impossible to do anything other than fail or provisionally stave - off eventual failure .
The best you can hope for is to maintain the status quo .
And , if you 're Canada , stuck with that queasy , unsettling feeling that your fundamental principles are about to be put to the test , the solution is a wall of self - validating , circular logic .
For example : in 2006 , Canada did not win gold .
What 's the reason ?
I have heard it over and over .
They iced the wrong team .
Ah .
So , there were better players , but they were not selected , and had they been selected , they would have won .
Therefore , the reason Canada lost in 2006 is ... that was n't really Canada .
Not the best of Canada .
Only if they had won , would they have been worthy of being called Team Canada ( but , see " Only the true Messiah denies his divinity " ) .
Every player in the Big Game feels pressure .
There 's pressure in the Super Bowl , or the World Series .
But in those situations , most of the spectators ( in the U.S. say , in the case of baseball or American football ) are not all that rabid about who wins or loses .
Maniacal Colts or Saints fans are a tiny percentage of viewers of the Super Bowl .
Meanwhile , tens of millions will watch and enjoy it no matter what happens ; people pick up a preference for whichever team , frequently influenced by the " narrative " the media has chosen to push .
Sort of like the way I watch every other sport in the Olympics .
But if you 're a player on Team Canada , you know that 35,000,000 of your neighbors and family are looking right at you and they all want the same thing and they all want it the same amount .
It 's a nonsensical , unworkable amount of pressure .
Pick the best hitter in the history of baseball .
Now attempt to prove his superiority by ( hold your complaints till the end , please ) randomly selecting any at - bat in his career .
Hit=validation ; out =failure .
Now , the best hitter in the history of baseball is only getting a hit 40 % of the time .
So with each at - bat you are likely to disprove his greatness .
Of course , nobody would use that as a yardstick .
Because it 's wrong and stupid .
Yet Team Canada 's odds ( along with basically everyone else 's ) are 20 % , half as good as the odds of the best batter in baseball getting a hit .
Hockey is a sport in which , as coaches say , " it 's the second mistake that will kill you . "
The first mistake is corrected by the system ; the second mistake , well , it 's in your net .
I like that .
I like that human fallibility is built into the game , allowed for , accepted by coaches as a fact that you ignore at your own peril .
Compare this to , say , figure skating , where the gold goes to the skater who does the best job of not screwing up .
You catch an edge , you fall ; sorry , you suck .
Hockey , meanwhile , is full of screw ups .
I am tempted to add , " like life . "
As Ferraro pointed out on Rome last week , after the prelims , one loss and you 're out .
You face Ryan Miller and he's hot , too bad .
You 're out .
That 's the way it goes .
They were n't even really a team before last week , thrown together for two weeks with insane expectations and a high degree of probability that they will fail ( see mc79hockey 's excellent post on the relatively high degree of randomness in hockey results ) , pitted against players from all over the world , who , taken one at a time , we all know are every bit as good as the Canadians .
Not to say better .
But really , why should any sane person expect the Canadians to beat a Russian team with Ovechkin , Kovalchuk , et al , or the Americans , or the Slovaks , or the Swedes , who people seem to have forgotten are the defending champions .
The Canadians beat the Swiss , and the Slovaks beat the Russians , both in shoot - outs .
Yet , the outcome of shoot - outs has been shown to be effectively random , settling nothing .
Sports ( fan ) psychology is not rational .
I know it .
But it 's like the whole country self - identifies as one big sports nut , the crazy [ fill in the blank ] supporter dude we all know -- who we like , but know to ignore -- because he 's just like that about the [ fill in the blanks ] .
David Puddy from Seinfeld , the crazed face - painter who says he's " gotta support the team . "
Another day , another set of bewildering climate figures .
Today , key climate scientists withdrew their predictions .
of a metre sea - level rise by 2100 .
Other scientists meanwhile claimed the 1 m figure was way too conservative anyway .
They predict anything up to 2 m sea level rises over the next century .
It 's difficult to keep track of all this shifting research .
And , in the midst of this reporting , there is one consistent but bewildering assumption made of us : that we understand what a one metre sea level rise means in reality .
A " 1 metre sea level rise " is in the same domain as " 1 ton of carbon " or " £ 1 billion " .
That is , it 's meaningless without context or some link to our everyday lives .
So , in this diagram , I 've tried to sum up all the current research on sea level rises .
What will happen , when it will happen , and where the sea water is coming from .
You can see the data and sources in this spreadsheet .
In an effort to make the information easier to relate to , I 've also thrown in which key cities around the world will be most affected by the rises .
I hope it helps .
If you 've come across any other data or sources , please let me know .
About the data
I 've taken the lowest , most conservative figures I could find .
Predictions vary widely .
This is because there are a slew of different climate change prediction scenarios .
Each one foresees a particular range of sea level rises , depending on ice - melts , temperature rises and many other factors .
It 's not an exact science .
The key sources are Sea Level Rise Explorer , studies from the Potsdam Institute ( PDF ) and reports from the IPCC Report ( 2001 - the most conservative one ) .
Information Is Beautiful
This chart is adapted from my book of data visualisation and infographics , Information Is Beautiful ( HarperCollins 2009 ) .
It 's available to buy on Amazon.co.uk .
In the US , the book is called The Visual Miscellaneum .
For more charts and visualisations , visit InformationIsBeautiful.net
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Video above : Die Antwoord , " Zef Side [ Beat Boy ] . "
The band 's website is here , and they 're on Facebook .
Via Sophisticated Funk via Clayton Cubitt , who 's pals with the shooter Natasja .
Bonus link : " Look In The Mirror , You Can See It 's You / You Got Two Nice Boobs And A Penis Too . "
After the jump : Die Antwoord – ' Enter The Ninja ' featuring a hype - man / DJ with Progeria .
Update : Followup post here with more about the band , and about the fellow with Progeria .
Investing in Natural Gas : The Most Important Source in the World
Until just three years ago , the Marcellus was an obscure name for an obscure rock formation in the backwaters of geological research .
Not anymore …
The tipping point came when Penn State professor Terry Engelder demonstrated that the Marcellus holds as much as 500 trillion cubic feet of natural gas – the equivalent of total US gas consumption for 25 years .
There ’s over a trillion dollars ’ worth of gas down there – probably much more .
Even if the estimate is off by 50 % or so ( and that 500 trillion cubic foot number might be on the LOW side ) , Marcellus is a very big resource .
Here ’s a map showing all of the major shale gas - bearing basins in the US and Canada .
The Marcellus is labeled No. 27 – and I do n’t mean in terms of size .
As you can see , the Marcellus dwarfs all the others .
“ It ’s about time we found a lot of natural gas that ’s near a major market , ” our friend Rick Rule commented on the find .
The Marcellus area is right next to some of the most important natural gas markets in the world .
Really , can you get much closer to New England , or the Eastern Seaboard , or the industrial Midwest of the US ?
With news of the gigantic Marcellus resource , the big players are coming to town .
They ’re leasing acreage , setting up shop , moving equipment and getting ready for the long haul .
Drilling the Marcellus will require much deeper wells .
The wells will be expensive , and sophisticated – filled with modern down - hole technology .
This is a 50 - year operation , and probably more .
A 19 - year - old man is due to appear in the Bundaberg Magistrates Court today charged with the abduction and murder of eight - year - old girl Trinity Bates .
Police say they will oppose any bail application for the man .
The girl , known as Trinny , was abducted from her home some time between Sunday night and Monday morning and her body was later found in a nearby drain .
Police questioned several people in connection with the case and last night charged a 19 - year - old Bundaberg man with murder .
Media reports say he was known to the girl 's family .
Security is expected to be tight when the man faces the court in Bundaberg later today .
The girl 's parents raised the alarm on Monday morning when they discovered their daughter was missing and their Walker Street house had been broken into .
Her death sparked a major investigation and homicide detectives and police from across the state were sent to Bundaberg to help .
Emotional plea
The charge comes after the victim 's relatives issued a public plea for information about the crime .
In an emotional address yesterday , grandmother Kerri Hanlon and cousin Suzie Cavallaro spoke of their loss .
They described Trinity Bates as a fun-loving water baby who loved butterflies .
" She was one of the most photogenic creatures you 'd ever find .
If there was a camera , she'd be there , " Ms Cavallaro said .
Earlier on Tuesday , Detective Superintendent Maurice Carless said police had spoken to dozens of people .
" We 've done both door knocks and interviews , and people have attended the police station , " he said .
" In other areas , they 've come forward with information to Crime Stoppers and others , so all those people in a range of areas around Queensland are being spoken to with information that they may have . "
Prayer vigil
An inter - faith group is hoping the Bundaberg community will join together tonight at a prayer vigil in memory of the girl .
The vigil will be held from 7 pm AEST at the Bundaberg City Centre Pavilion .
Vigil organiser Stephen Ball , from the Bundaberg City House of Prayer , says he is expecting a large crowd .
" It 's a very heartfelt situation that we find ourselves in now that our town , our city , has been violated this way , " he said .
" What we 're wanting to do is have this prayer vigil to bring a unity to the community and now for what it 's worth , thank the police . "
Mr Ball says many people are suffering .
" For the family who is in so much grieving at the moment , if we can show them that the community is behind them we may be able to help them a little bit , " he said .
" For the community of Bundaberg - completely as we say - Bundaberg has been rocked by this . "
The Member for Bundaberg , Jack Dempsey , says the city is still absorbing the girl 's death .
Mr Dempsey says it is a time of grieving in the city as it comes to terms with the tragedy .
But he says Bundaberg will band together to pull through .
" It will respond positively in the future , but there is times like what 's happened now that people have to reflect and absorb what 's happened and each person will take it so differently , " he said .
" It 's a time that we 've got to make sure that we support each other and that 's what Bundaberg 's good at . "
Counselling
Meanwhile , a clinical counsellor says parents need to be honest with their children when talking about the girl 's death .
Phillip Armstrong , from the Australian Counselling Association , says it is normal for parents to take extra precautions with their children after a tragedy ,
But he says they need to be balanced when talking about the death .
" Children will talk to other kids anyway , they will talk to other people in any case , " he said .
" It is better coming from their parents and their parents ensuring that the major point they make is that , ' Yes , it is a tragedy and yes , this poor child has died in unfortunate circumstances ' .
" However they are still safe at home , they are still safe at school , they are still safe with their friends . "
David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , will once again raise Britain ’s concerns when he meets Mr Lieberman on the sidelines of a European Union foreign ministers ’ meeting in Brussels .
Israel has so far shown little willingness to co-operate with Britain as it investigates how the doctored passports of six of its nationals , all residents in the Jewish state , came to be used by some of the assassins .
Last week , Dubai disclosed that 11 members of the 18 - strong assassination squad carried European passports – six British , three Irish , one German and one French .
PARIS — The Swiss government reacted blandly on Friday to the latest rhetorical sally from the eccentric Libyan leader , Col. Muammar el - Qaddafi , who called on Thursday for a “ jihad ” against Switzerland .
The two countries have been sparring since the Swiss arrested one of Colonel Qaddafi ’s sons and his wife in 2008 on suspicion of beating their servants .
On Thursday , in a rambling address in Benghazi , Libya , before a gathering to mark the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad , Colonel Qaddafi called for jihad , or a holy war , against Switzerland because of its ban on new minarets for mosques and urged Muslims to boycott Swiss products and ban Swiss planes and ships .
“ Those who destroy God ’s mosques deserve to be attacked through jihad , and if Switzerland was on our borders , we would fight it , ” Colonel Qaddafi was quoted as saying by Libya ’s official news agency .
Libya does not border Switzerland , however .
Instead , after his son Hannibal ’s arrest and detention for two days , Colonel Qaddafi recalled diplomats from Switzerland , interrupted oil shipments , withdrew money from Swiss banks and , more controversially , prevented two Swiss businessmen from leaving Libya .
Some models are very tiny .
One , for example , would be small enough to fit into a shipping container and would be trucked from site to site , like a diesel generator , with the distinction it would only need to be refueled once every seven years or so .
The Russian company ’s name , Akme , stands for atomic complex for small and medium energy and the company sometimes renders its name in English as Acme , though executives say they intended no reference to the cartoon company known for making improbable devices .
Its goal is to produce , by 2019 , a prototype of a miniature , 100 - megawatt nuclear reactor small enough to fit into a typical backyard .
The company founded in December is a joint venture between Rosatom , the state nuclear power company , and a private electricity company owned by the Kremlin - connected oligarch Oleg V. Deripaska .
It has $ 500 million in start - up capital , and one of its mini reactors will probably cost about $ 100 million .
The design it chose is peculiar for being cooled not with water but a molten lead alloy .
In fact , the Soviet Union was the only country to deploy liquid metal reactors at sea .
Introduced in the 1970s , they packed enough power to propel submarines more than 45 miles , or 72 kilometers , an hour under water .
In fact , they were so powerful they compelled NATO to design an entirely new class of torpedo just to have a hope of hitting the new submarines , known as the Alfa Class .
But this Cold War design is not without its drawbacks .
A Norwegian environmental group and authority on nuclear waste in the Arctic , the Bellona Foundation , says the lead alloy coolant tended to freeze in emergencies .
Then , the reactor became an inaccessible block of lead , steel and waste .
The group documented an accidental freezing of the core on one submarine , K - 123 , in the early 1980s after an emergency shutdown in the Kara Sea .
The vessel limped back to base .
The only way to repair it , though , was to cut out the reactor segment with a blowtorch , a job that took nine years .
The former Russian naval captain working for Bellona who revealed these and other details of reactor failures in a report in the 1990s was put on trial for revealing state secrets .
A deadly fungus responsible for tens of thousands of bat deaths in the eastern United States is on the move , according to recent tests that confirmed the killer 's presence in Tennessee .
White - nose syndrome , which appears in hibernating bats , has been linked to a cold - loving fungus found on the wings , ears , and muzzles of infected bats .
Until now , the disease has appeared only in caves along the northeastern seaboard from Vermont to Virginia ( see a U.S. map ) .
But today the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency announced that two tricolored bats — commonly known as pips — have been found with white - nose syndrome in Worley 's Cave in Sullivan County .
" I think this will be furthest south that white - nose syndrome has been detected in the United States , and it may be the furthest west as well , " said Gina Hancock , a spokesperson for the nonprofit Nature Conservancy , which has been tracking the disease .
The cave where the two infected bats were found is only about 65 miles ( 105 kilometers ) from a confirmed infection site in Virginia — well within flying range for the pips .
" There 's nothing extraordinary about the jump from Virginia to the Tennessee site , except we 're disappointed to see it happen , " said Alan Hicks , a bat expert at the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation who was not involved in the Tennessee tests .
But if white - nose syndrome spreads through Tennessee , the disease could wreak havoc on several bat populations and may even wipe out two endangered bat species , scientists say .
" The eastern caves do n't have many large hibernating colonies , " Hancock said .
But Tennessee " has up to one hundred thousand or more bats in one cave .
With a 95 - percent mortality rate , the loss is going to be massive . "
Rare Bats at Risk in Tennessee
First identified in 2007 , white - nose syndrome is still something of a mystery .
It 's unclear how the fungus kills or whether it is even the main cause of death in afflicted animals .
Scientists think the disease spreads when bats gather in colonies to hibernate .
The ailment causes bats to wake up during hibernation , which means the animals use up their fat reserves too fast .
Sick bats fly out of their caves during winter in a desperate attempt to find food .
Because the insects they eat are also seasonally dormant , the bats soon die of starvation .
Pips do n't generally cluster when they hibernate , so the occurrence of white - nose syndrome in Tennessee may still be relatively isolated .
But scientists are concerned that the condition could jump to gray bats and Indiana bats , which are endangered .
The sick pips ' cave , for example , is also a gray bat summer nesting ground .
" Gray bats hibernate in very large numbers in very few caves , " said Cory Holliday , the Nature Conservancy 's cave and karst manager .
" If gray bats are infected , it will probably be a matter of just a couple of years before the global population of gray bats is in severe danger . "
Bats : Key Public Servants
People can help control spread of the disease by keeping away from known infection sites and decontaminating any gear used for recreational caving .
" It 's not a far - reaching conclusion to think that people can get dirt or fungal spores on their boots and walk into a cave two states away and spread the disease , " Holliday said .
White - nose syndrome is n't a direct health risk for humans , he added .
But the loss of thousands of bats would have a huge impact on people .
( Related : " Bat Bonanza : 100 Species Found in 5 Acres of Jungle . " )
Since many bat species primarily eat insects , " bats provide a tremendous public service in terms of pest control , " Richard Kirk , the Tennessee wildlife agency 's nongame and endangered species coordinator , said in a statement .
Veoh Finally Calls It Quits : Layoffs Yesterday , Bankruptcy Filing Soon
Veoh , one of several well - funded start - ups that have tried and failed to cash in on the Web video boom , is finally calling it quits .
The company let go of the remainder of its workforce yesterday , and sources say it plans on filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection in the near future .
Veoh , which started as YouTube - style site , has struggled for years to find a business model that works and has burned through $ 70 million in funding from name - brand investors like Goldman Sachs ( GS ) , Time Warner ( TWX ) , Intel ’s ( INTC ) venture arm , Spark Capital and former Disney ( DIS ) CEO Michael Eisner .
CEO Dmitry Shapiro declined to comment .
He is tweeting , though :
UPDATE : Shapiro is talking now .
Here ’s my conversation with him , and a blog post he penned himself .
This one has been a long time coming .
Last year , the San Diego - based company laid off about a third of its staff , replaced its CEO with founder Shapiro and focused on developing a Web browser - based app .
Shapiro has also been actively looking for a buyer , but a copyright lawsuit with Universal Music Group made the site a difficult sale .
The company was buoyed last fall when it effectively won that lawsuit :
In a sweeping ruling , a federal judge ruled that Veoh was protected against the music label ’s copyright claims by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
That decision gave Veoh executives the confidence to try to gather up yet another funding round .
And as recently as January , the company thought it might be able to convince its existing investors to pony up yet again .
But that plan collapsed in the past few weeks , sources said .
It ’s striking that Veoh could n’t find any buyer willing to pay up for either its technology or its audience , which was supposedly at 25 million uniques last spring .
Here ’s a post - mortem from Spark ’s Todd Dagres , a Veoh board member :
LOS ANGELES  Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger took his first shot at closing California ’s impending $ 20 billion budget gap on Friday , proposing large - scale pay cuts for state workers , the elimination of several social service programs and a plan to press the federal government for more money .
The suggested cuts  which were met with resistance from lawmakers , with whom he must negotiate a final budget  come on the heels of tens of billions of dollars in cuts and tax increases over the last budget cycle .
“ I know many of these cuts are painful , ” Mr. Schwarzenegger said at a news conference in Sacramento .
“ Believe me , these are the hardest decisions a governor has to make .
Yet there is simply no conceivable way to avoid more cuts and more pain . ”
Much of the state ’s money must be spent on mandates required by Washington and state ballot initiatives , and the economy continues to be sluggish .
As a result , the governor , short on solutions , took aim at entire programs and wholesale spending areas , rather than seizing on across - the - board trims , the usual method of cutting .
Today , Celine Dion was on Oprah .
Watching those two women have a discussion was like watching an unbirthday party at the Mad Hatter 's place : Confusing , ridiculous , and fun .
Also , after the jump , lots of animated gifs of Celine .
Advertisement
She 's really the most gif-able woman in the world :
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
In part III , I promised to describe the obstacles that are keeping electric bikes from taking hold in the Pacific Northwest in the way they have in China .
Here are four .
1. Immature technology .
As BikeHugger ’s master blogger ( and e-biker ) DL Byron points out , electric bikes may be past the garage - tinkerer phase of development , but they ’re still complicated , imperfect devices , plagued with breakdowns and performance issues .
Battery care , for example , is still challenging , though it ’s vastly simpler than it used to be .
2. Bike Culture .
In Asian and northern Europe cycling cities , bicycles are ubiquitous utilitarian objects like appliances .
In the Pacific Northwest , as throughout North America , cycling is uncommon as anything but a form of recreation and exercise .
Among sport cyclists , a major purpose of cycling is to get a good workout , and electric bikes destroy the workout .
So sports cycling is no friend of the electric bike .
Find this article interesting ?
Please consider making a gift to support our work .
Meanwhile , the small share of northwesterners who cycle for urban transportation are such a visible minority that they have developed a bike culture , which defines itself against automotive culture .
Among other things , urban bike culture revels in muscle power .
Case in point : among urban cyclists , the coolest bike on the streets these days is the fixie — a one - gear minimalist cycle like the one pictured above .
Riding one is cool in part because fixies are hard work .
Another case in point : the flourishing Portland bike - onlyhouse - moving scene ( portrayed in the video below from Street Films ) , which may be the pinnacle of bike culture : it proves muscle power can replace a moving van .
Among transportation cyclists , as among recreational cyclists , being human powered — not electric or gas - powered — is a point of pride .
As Loren Mooney , editor - in - chief of Bicycling magazine , told the New York Times about the electric bike , “ to the core cyclist , it ’s cheating . ”
As I ’ve learned over four car - less years , in the individualism of North American culture , our vehicles come to define our identities — something auto marketers understand well .
What we drive , or ride , is a tribe marker , and we all know the meanings : Hummer , Prius , Mustang , Volvo .
( Among cyclists , too : Bianchi , Campie , Gary Fisher , homemade fixie . )
Consequently , for North Americans , buying an electric bike is not simply a choice of cost , convenience , and functionality .
For better or worse , it ’s also a statement of who you are .
E - bikes are a product for a somewhat different market than regular bikes .
But their spread is n’t helped at all by the fact that existing bike culture among both sport and transport cyclists is antithetical to e-bikes .
This barrier is substantial , because bike culture affects not only individual attitudes but also access to and support for e-bikes .
3. Closed distribution channels .
Throughout North America , as VoltWagon entrepreneur Max Dunn noted in a recent paper , “ The bike industry consists of two relatively independent segments : the low end sold through mass merchants and the high end sold through specialty bicycle retailers . ”
Mass merchants such as big - box retailers and sporting goods stores account for 75 percent of bicycle sales , but most of the bikes they sell are used rarely .
Many are toys for children .
Most bikes that get regular use are sold through bike shops .
Unfortunately , neither mass retailers nor bike shops work at present for distributing e-bikes .
Mass merchants reach noncyclists including the affluent baby boomers at the heart of the potential e-bike market , but they lack the expertise and maintenance facilities to support a growing e-bike trend .
Bike shops , on the other hand , are dominated by the prevailing bike culture to which e-bikes do not make sense .
Their regular customers do not want electric bikes any more than the members of athletic clubs want electric - assisted weight - lifting machines .
Almost no bike shops sell e-bikes .
Market analysts at Pike Research describe distribution challenges as among the biggest barriers to e-bikes : “ Many manufacturers are trying to find a combination of independent dealers , mass retailers , and online sales that will effectively deliver the vehicles and after - sales service to customers . ”
The shortage of e-bike retailers is exacerbated by an even more severe shortage of e-bike repair shops .
It ’s hard to find a bike repair shop that knows how to fix an e-bike .
And electric bikes are finicky and need regular maintenance ( see # 1 above ) .
Brynnen Ford , the carpool - riding e-biker from part I pictured here , put it this way : “ I ’m not a bike mechanic and my mechanic is kind of learning as he goes with the electric piece , so I ’m never sure if it ’s really getting the right care . ”
At present , the best e-bike sales - and - service in Cascadia comes from one specialized e- bike store in Seattle , two in Portland , and two others in Vancouver , BC .
One promising sign is that about one quarter of Trek ’s independent dealers , which are t
ypically the leading bike shops in each city , will stock Trek ’s new Ride + line of e-bikes .
As these shops master servicing e-bikes , the maintenance shortfall may diminish .
4. Safety .
Electric bikes promise to make cycling a better option for many people , including those whose weight , health , fitness , clothing needs , or hauling demands make regular bikes impractical .
But they do nothing to lower the principal barrier to cycling : the perception that cycling in city streets is unsafe .
( It ’s actually much safer than most people think .
In fact , not pedaling is the larger menace . )
Fear of street riding is also the biggest barrier to electrified cycling .
If you do n’t feel safe on a pedal - powered bicycle at 10 miles an hour , you will probably feel even less safe on an electric bicycle at 15 miles an hour .
As Jonathan Maus of BikePortland , Oregon ’s definitive cycling blog , wrote in January , “ Our current lack of a connected , separated , and comfortable bike network makes many people afraid to even try biking — and simply giving them motors wo n’t change their minds . ”
In North America , the future of electric bikes depends on finding a market that wants their particular combination of lightness , gentle power , and modest range .
To date , they have found adherents whose needs they closely match , such as Brynnen Ford and her carpool or Matt Leber and his injured knee .
They have yet to find a larger market , I believe , because they are neither fish nor fowl .
They make bad bicycles , because they remain imperfect in execution while they ’re also heavy and hard to pedal without the power turned on .
They also make bad motorcycles .
Imagine a manufacturer introducing a motorcycle with a top speed of 20 miles per hour and a one - quart fuel tank that takes several hours to refuel every 25 miles .
Not many sales would ensue .
But electric bikes do hold great promise .
They could open cycling to huge numbers of additional people , to hillier places , and to heavier loads .
Besides , even if their potential market is only one urban trip in twenty , that would still outstrip regular bikes ’ current share .
And getting to that point would mark an encouraging advance against climate change , oil addiction , and lack of exercise .
It would also help strengthen local economies by replacing imported oil with local electricity — plus skilled jobs in electric bike maintenance .
Besides , if electric bikes are proliferating in China , these obstacles must be surmountable , right ?
They are .
China ’s lessons are worth understanding , and I ’ll cover them in my next ( and final ) post on the Parable of the Electric Bike .
I ’ll even reveal why this is a parable .
Promise !
Read the conclusion of this series , “ The Body Electric . ”
Photo of fixie bike rider courtesy of Flickr photographer Looking Glassunder the Creative Commons license .
Photo of Brynnen Ford courtesy of Brynnen and photographer Heidi Neff .
Blackwater before drinking water
For The Huffington Post
Just in !
Our plea to send medicine to a friend 's father in Haiti was answered by Democracy Now !
producer Sharif Abdel - Kouddous who will make the delivery in Port - au - Prince .
Apparently DN , unlike the US government , does n't require armed “ Security ” to save lives .
1 .
Bless the President for having rescue teams in the air almost immediately .
That was President Olafur Grimsson of Iceland .
On Wednesday , the AP reported that the President of the United States promised , “ The initial contingent of 2,000 Marines could be deployed to the quake - ravaged country within the next few days . ”
“ In a few days , ” Mr. Obama ?
2 .
There 's no such thing as a ‘ natural ' disaster .
200,000 Haitians have been slaughtered by slum housing and IMF “ austerity ” plans .
3 .
A friend of mine called .
Do I know a journalist who could get medicine to her father ?
And she added , trying to hold her voice together , “ My sister , she 's under the rubble .
Is anyone going who can help , anyone ? ”
Should I tell her , “ Obama will have Marines there in ‘ a few days ” ?
4 .
China deployed rescuers with sniffer dogs within 48 hours .
China , Mr. President .
China : 8,000 miles distant .
Miami : 700 miles close .
US bases in Puerto Rico : right there .
5 .
Obama 's Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , “ I do n't know how this government could have responded faster or more comprehensively than it has . ”
We know Gates does n't know .
6 .
From my own work in the field , I know that FEMA has access to ready - to - go potable water , generators , mobile medical equipment and more for hurricane relief on the Gulf Coast .
It 's all still there .
Army Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who served as the task force commander for emergency response after Hurricane Katrina , told the Christian Science Monitor , “ I thought we had learned that from Katrina , take food and water and start evacuating people . ”
Maybe we learned but , apparently , Gates and the Defense Department missed school that day .
7 .
Send in the Marines .
That 's America 's response .
That 's what we 're good at .
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson finally showed up after three days .
With what ?
It was dramatically deployed – without any emergency relief supplies .
It has sidewinder missiles and 19 helicopters .
8 .
But do n't worry , the International Search and Rescue Team , fully equipped and self - sufficient for up to seven days in the field , deployed immediately with ten metric tons of tools and equipment , three tons of water , tents , advanced communication equipment and water purifying capability .
They 're from Iceland .
9 .
Gates would n't send in food and water because , he said , there was no “ structure … to provide security . ”
For Gates , appointed by Bush and allowed to hang around by Obama , it 's security first .
That was his lesson from Hurricane Katrina .
Blackwater before drinking water .
10 .
Previous US presidents have acted far more swiftly in getting troops on the ground on that island .
Haiti is the right half of the island of Hispaniola .
It 's treated like the right testicle of Hell .
The Dominican Republic the left .
In 1965 , when Dominicans demanded the return of Juan Bosch , their elected President , deposed by a junta , Lyndon Johnson reacted to this crisis rapidly , landing 45,000 US Marines on the beaches to prevent the return of the elected president .
11 .
How did Haiti end up so economically weakened , with infrastructure , from hospitals to water systems , busted or non-existent – there are two fire stations in the entire nation – and infrastructure so frail that the nation was simply waiting for “ nature ” to finish it off ?
Do n’t blame Mother Nature for all this death and destruction .
That dishonor goes to Papa Doc and Baby Doc , the Duvalier dictatorship , which looted the nation for 28 years .
Papa and his Baby put an estimated 80 % of world aid into their own pockets – with the complicity of the US government happy to have the Duvaliers and their voodoo militia , Tonton Macoutes , as allies in the Cold War .
( The war was easily won : the Duvaliers ’ death squads murdered as many as 60,000 opponents of the regime . )
12 .
What Papa and Baby did n't run off with , the IMF finished off through its “ austerity ” plans .
An austerity plan is a form of voodoo orchestrated by economists zomby - fied by an irrational belief that cutting government services will somehow help a nation prosper .
13 .
In 1991 , five years after the murderous Baby fled , Haitians elected a priest , Jean - Bertrand Aristide , who resisted the IMF 's austerity diktats .
Within months , the military , to the applause of Papa George HW Bush , deposed him .
History repeats itself , first as tragedy , then as farce .
The farce was George W. Bush .
In 2004 , after the priest Aristide was re-elected President , he was kidnapped and removed again , to the applause of Baby Bush .
14 .
Haiti was once a wealthy nation , the wealthiest in the hemisphere , worth more , wrote Voltaire in the 18th century , than that rocky , cold colony known as New England .
Haiti's wealth was in black gold : slaves .
But then the slaves rebelled – and have been paying for it ever since .
From 1825 to 1947 , France forced Haiti to pay an annual fee to reimburse the profits lost by French slaveholders caused by their slaves ’ successful uprising .
Rather than enslave individual Haitians , France thought it more efficient to simply enslave the entire nation .
15 .
Secretary Gates tells us , “ There are just some certain facts of life that affect how quickly you can do some of these things . ”
The Navy 's hospital boat will be there in , oh , a week or so .
Heckuva job , Brownie !
16 .
Note just received from my friend .
Her sister was found , dead ; and her other sister had to bury her .
Her father needs his anti-seizure medicines .
That 's a fact of life too , Mr. President .
***
Greg Palast is author of the New York Times bestseller , “ The Best Democracy Money Can Buy . ”
His investigations for BBC TV and Democracy Now ! can be seen by subscribing to Palast 's reports at www.GregPalast.com.
I 'm going to go out on a limb here and guess that you think your mother , or perhaps mothers in general , are pretty goddamn awesome .
They scrub things , cook pot roast , and produce shrieking little babies which grow up to be astronauts and prime ministers .
When you got sucker - punched at recess , she was there for you .
When you accidentally peed your pants on the first day of school , she wiped away the tears .
When the cat ate your favorite hamster and then barfed it onto your favorite pair of pajamas , she was your shoulder to cry on .
Mothers sacrifice their own happiness for the betterment of their offspring .
Like most universally liked things , however , there 's always a better underdog .
Enter the octopus .
Comparing moms to an octopus would be like pitting an army of savages against one well - oiled gatling gun sitting atop a hill .
The mothers would charge the hill , hurling rocks and sticks ; they 'd roar righteous , compassionate battle cries of warriors who believe they are fighting for the betterment of humanity .
They 'd truly fight from the heart .
Meanwhile the gatling gun would rotate in a precise semicircle and mow them down like dogs .
Birth
Mothers love to complain about child birth .
We 've all heard it : " I went into labor and it lasted 36 hours ! " or " When I farted out my last baby it hurt like a sonofabitch . "
When an octopus mother gives birth , she blasts out nearly 200,000 babies and then hangs onto them within her tentacles .
If food becomes low , she 'll scoop them up like nachos and eat a few thousand in order to survive .
I bet your mom never carried a few hundred thousand infants in her arms and ate a few when she wanted a snack , now did she ?
Size
Some octopuses differ in size so greatly that the father will never grow to be be larger than an acorn , meanwhile the mother will mature to be the size of a human being ( 150 lbs or so ) .
This disparity in size would be like marrying a woman who grows to be the size of a dump truck .
Impressive , huh ?
You bet your ass it is .
Furthermore , when an octopus mother finally sets her spawn free , she does n't hang around and become a mommy blogger who bitches all day about nothing .
Instead , she 'll wander off in her weakened state and get devoured by a large predator .
The idea here being that once you perpetuate your own genes , you do n't have fuckall left to do so you should just let yourself become food for the rest of the animal kingdom .
This is a sentiment I fully endorse , and if our moms really wanted to impress us they'd take to the hills and fight it out with mountain lions after our first birthday .
Leisure
An octopus does n't sit around like an undersea lawn ornament , lazily watching repeats of Maury Povich or " nesting . "
Octopuses are clever as hell and will entertain themselves by tormenting other sea creatures .
This includes juggling crabs , throwing objects , and smashing things .
One particularly bored octopus in a German aquarium was reported to squirt water out of his tank at an overhead lamp .
The burnout caused a short - circuit throughout the entire aquarium which disrupted the pumps and endangered the lives of all the other animals .
Other octopuses have been found to use old coconut shells to build little houses for themselves on the ocean floor , so while the moms of today are busy cleaning vomit off the seats of cheap minivans , octopuses are setting up undersea battle stations so they can one day win the war against all the other useless assclowns floating around in the ocean .
Cleverness
Unlike fish , which are dumb as shit , octopuses are insanely smart .
They have both short and long - term memory , and in lab experiments they can be taught to differentiate shapes and patterns .
They have also been seen to observe other octopuses and learn from their behavior .
So theoretically , if a dolphin bum - rushed an octopus he'd not only remember it , he 'd stalk the dolphin and take a giant octo - dump in his mouth while he slept .
Would your mother ever exact revenge on a dolphin by crapping in its gaping , blue jaws ?
I did n't think so .
Offense
Suppose you asked your mom to take down a caribou .
Were she an octopus , she 'd become nearly invisible and slide up next to it .
Once she was within a few feet of it , she 'd spray out a massive cloud of black ink .
This ink would create a screen that she could conceal herself behind , and once close , she 'd blast herself forward and encompass the caribou in a death grip , her motion and strength propelled by two of the three hearts used to pump blood in her body .
Upon gripping the caribou , her arms would have taste buds so she would actually know the flavor of the caribou long before it reached her mouth .
These arms would also deliver a paralyzing venom which would render the caribou unable to move but fully aware of its surroundings .
Once paralyzed , she 'd use her radula , which is sort of like a tongue equipped with miniature teeth , to drill into the caribou and suck out all the delicious innards .
Defense
If you 're an undersea predator , you 'd be well advised not to fuck with an octopus .
First of all , they 're very difficult to spot , especially the ones capable of changing their skin color to camouflage themselves .
They can not only change the color of their skin , but the texture as well ; they have tiny muscles which can constrict to appear rough like a piece of coral or pointy like seaweed .
If spotted , they 'll spray a cloud of ink in order to screw up a predator 's sense of smell or temporarily confuse them while they make their getaway .
They have no rigid skeleton , so their flexible bodies can squeeze through tiny spaces to evade capture .
If caught , most octopus tentacles are venomous to predators , so even touching them can cause injury .
There are also types of octopus which will tear off the tentacles of a Portuguese man - of - war ( one of the most toxic , dangerous creatures on earth ) .
Being immune to the deadly sting of the man - of - war , an octopus will then wield the stingers as weapons against other predators .
If , by chance , a predator actually manages to get hold of an octopus , the octopus is capable of letting a limb tear off in order to escape - a limb which will regenerate later on .
If your mom could defend herself like an octopus , she 'd evade being defeated by a mountain lion simply by letting him rip off her arms , at which point she 'd flee into the forest and grow new ones .
If the " discard a body part " tactic does n't work , the octopus has a razor - sharp beak which it can bite down with .
I find it fitting that the only rigid part of an octopus ' body is the part it uses to shank other sea creatures .
In Conclusion
On one hand , we 've got someone who blares the Hakuna Matata in the car and shops for breast pumps .
On the other , we 've got a murderous , smart creature capable of the most despicably awesome acts in the animal kingdom .
It can become invisible , re-grow damaged limbs , shrink to impossible sizes , solve complex problems , blind predators , paralyze prey , and generally fuck with every other creature you saw in The Little Mermaid .
I 'd say the victor is fairly obvious .
Note : before sending me an angry , misguided email about how I 'm pluralizing octopuses incorrectly , go watch this :
Marc Thiessen was out flogging his most recent bit of ugly fearmongering -- his book that claims that the Obama administration does n't want to capture terrorists -- on Morning Joe today , and ran smack into Lawrence O'Donnell , who gave him an earful :
Thiessen :
You know , we 've got to think back to the period after 9/11 .
We did n't even know who hit us .
We did n't know that Khalid Sheikh Muhammad was the mastermind of 9/11 , or the operational commander of Al Qaeda .
And then we started rounding up these terrorists .
We caught Abu Zubaydah , we caught Ramzi Binalshibh , and KSM .
And these guys provided us information under questioning by the CIA that stopped a number of terrorist attacks .
They would have been planning to blow up the U.S. consulate in Karachi , Pakistan , they were planning to blow up our Marine camp in Djibouti , they were well on their way to recruiting a cell of terrorists who would fly an airplane into Heathrow Airport and buildings in downtown London .
And KSM had recruited a cell of Southeast Asian terrorists called the Garaba Cell , because he knew we'd be on the lookout for Arab men , to fly an airplane into the Library Tower in Los Angeles , the tallest building on the West Coast .
This program is why we did not have another 9/11 after the attack .
Scarborough : Lawrence O'Donnell : O'Donnell :
Well , you 're lying about the West Coast thing , that 's been covered very clearly -- Thiessen :
Oh that 's not true !
O'Donnell : --
But you as a former speechwriter for the White House , you took an oath of office when you took that job , that you might or might not remember .
You actually published a book that says that the president of the United States , on its title , the president is inviting the next attack .
Is n't it true that the president you work for invited the first attack ?
Scarborough : All right .
Thiessen : Oh Lawrence , that 's ridiculous .
O'Donnell :
By having no idea what was going on with Al Qaeda .
You just admitted that when you were hit on 9/11 , you just said , ' We did n't know who hit us . '
You said we did n't know who hit us .
You were told who was going to hit us before we were hit on 9/11 , and your administration invited the first attack , you should live in shame .
All this terribly upset everyone on the set , who began saying , " Lawrence , Lawrence ! "
Thiessen began responding by reverting to discussing Democrats ' terrorism policies , and O'Donnell demanded he talk about the Bush administration 's record .
It was too much for Scarborough , who broke in :
We 're going to break right now .
We 're going to break right now , and I 'm going to be interviewing Marc myself .
When they returned , it was all civilized .
Have you ever noticed that anyone who wants to talk about the Bush administration 's culpability for being asleep at the wheel on terrorism when the 9/11 attacks hit -- even though the record on this matter is quite clear -- gets quickly shut down ?
In fact , even bringing it up gets you described as a " conspiracy theorist . "
For instance , the fact that 35 % of Democrats believe Bush was warned in advance about the 9/11 attacks is frequently touted by people like Scarborough as some kind of evidence that the party is full of " 9/11 conspiracy theorists . "
Believing Bush was warned in advance about impending attacks from Al Qaeda is not a conspiracy theory :
It 's a fact .
Or have none of these people ever heard of Bush 's August 6 , 2001 , Presidential Daily Briefing -- the one titled " Bin Laden determined to strike in US " ?
You know , the briefing that specifically warned :
We have not been able to corroborate some of the more sensational threat reporting , such as that from a ---- service in 1998 saying that Bin Laden wanted to hijack a U.S. aircraft to gain the release of " Blind Sheikh " Omar Abdel Rahman and other U.S. - held extremists .
Nevertheless , FBI information since that time indicates patterns of suspicious activity in this country consistent with preparations for hijackings or other types of attacks , including recent surveillance of federal buildings in New York .
The FBI is conducting approximately 70 full - field investigations throughout the U.S. that it considers bin Laden - related .
CIA and the FBI are investigating a call to our embassy in the UAE in May saying that a group or bin Laden supporters was in the U.S. planning attacks with explosives .
It was ignored .
And before that , so had been Richard Clarke 's memo of January 2001 warning of the terrorist threat .
All this is consistent with what Clarke and other insiders reported about the Bush White House 's pre-9/11 approach to terrorism :
They viewed it as a " Clinton thing , " and thus dismissed it as a minor concern for largely ideological reasons .
That 's borne out by the Bush White House 's pre-9/11 actions on a pure policy level :
The Bush Administration actually reversed the Clinton Administration 's strong emphasis on counterterrorism and counterintelligence .
Attorney General John Ashcroft not only moved aggressively to reduce DoJ 's anti-terrorist budget but also shift DoJ 's mission in spirit to emphasize its role as a domestic police force and anti-drug force .
These changes in mission were just as critical as the budget changes , with Ashcroft , in effect , guiding the day to day decisions made by field officers and agents .
And all of this while the Administration was receiving repeated warnings about potential terrorist attacks .
Then there was that New York Times report , summed up by Eric Alterman :
Tenet briefed Condi Rice about a potentially catastrophic terrorist attack on the United States on July 10 , 2001 .
Rice ignored the briefing , just as she and Bush both ignored the August 6 " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in US " memo , when Bush told the CIA briefer who delivered the memo to him that he had " covered his ass " and then went fishing for the rest of the day .
Rice not only ignored the briefing , but also misled the 9 - 11 Commission and then lied when confronted with the evidence by Bob Woodward .
Rice and the Bush administration also went to great measures to cover up their own incompetence , too .
Then there was the Hart - Rudman Commission report , which warned the White House in May 2001 that it needed to take serious steps to prevent a terrorist attack .
The report was ignored .
Bush may have done everything right and the 9/11 terrorists might still have succeeded -- though taking some concrete steps ( particularly heightening awareness and security at airports , given the specific nature of the warnings ) would have increased our chances of catching them .
What was never excusable was that Bush and Co. were asleep at the wheel on 9/11 regarding their duty to " keep us safe " -- and no amount of historical revisionism by apologist speechwriters will erase that fact .
Nor will it erase the fact that Bush 's " war on terror " has certifiably made us less safe , and more likely to suffer future terrorist attacks , as that 2006 National Intelligence Estimate made clear :
A stark assessment of terrorism trends by American intelligence agencies has found that the American invasion and occupation of Iraq has helped spawn a new generation of Islamic radicalism and that the overall terrorist threat has grown since the Sept. 11 attacks .
The classified National Intelligence Estimate attributes a more direct role to the Iraq war in fueling radicalism than that presented either in recent White House documents or in a report released Wednesday by the House Intelligence Committee , according to several officials in Washington involved in preparing the assessment or who have read the final document .
The intelligence estimate , completed in April , is the first formal appraisal of global terrorism by United States intelligence agencies since the Iraq war began , and represents a consensus view of the 16 disparate spy services inside government .
Titled “ Trends in Global Terrorism : Implications for the United States , ’’ it asserts that Islamic radicalism , rather than being in retreat , has metastasized and spread across the globe .
In other words , Bush botched the job of keeping us safe , both during his tenure and for the foreseeable future .
But if we suffer another terrorist attack as a result of that botch , well , it 'll be Obama 's fault .
Which is the perfect setup for Bush apologists like Thiessen , who has a track record of eliding the reality when it comes to his defense of his team 's terrorism policies .
This was why O'Donnell called him out on his " West Coast " terrorism plot tale -- he 's been taken down for it before , most notably by Timothy Noah at Slate :
What clinches the falsity of Thiessen 's claim , however ( and that of the memo he cites , and that of an unnamed Central Intelligence Agency spokesman who today seconded Thessen 's argument ) , is chronology .
In a White House press briefing , Bush 's counterterrorism chief , Frances Fragos Townsend , told reporters that the cell leader was arrested in February 2002 , and " at that point , the other members of the cell " ( later arrested ) " believed that the West Coast plot has been canceled , was not going forward " [ italics mine ] .
A subsequent fact sheet released by the Bush White House states , " In 2002 , we broke up [ italics mine ] a plot by KSM to hijack an airplane and fly it into the tallest building on the West Coast . "
These two statements make clear that however far the plot to attack the Library Tower ever got — an unnamed senior FBI official would later tell the Los Angeles Times that Bush 's characterization of it as a " disrupted plot " was " ludicrous " — that plot was foiled in 2002 .
But Sheikh Mohammed was n't captured until March 2003 .
How could Sheikh Mohammed 's water - boarded confession have prevented the Library Tower attack if the Bush administration " broke up " that attack during the previous year ?
Of course , this story is a favorite of Karl Rove 's zombie lies , too .
Birds of a feather and all that .
O'Donnell needed to call him out , even if it did upset Morning Joe .
And he was on the money .
President Obama 's statement following action by the Senate to confirm twenty - seven nominees :
Today , the United States Senate confirmed 27 of my high - level nominees , many of whom had been awaiting a vote for months .
At the beginning of the week , a staggering 63 nominees had been stalled in the Senate because one or more senators placed a hold on their nomination .
In most cases , these holds have had nothing to do with the nominee ’s qualifications or even political views , and these nominees have already received broad , bipartisan support in the committee process .
Instead , many holds were motivated by a desire to leverage projects for a Senator ’s state or simply to frustrate progress .
It is precisely these kinds of tactics that enrage the American people .
And so on Tuesday , I told Senator McConnell that if Republican senators did not release these holds , I would exercise my authority to fill critically - needed positions in the federal government temporarily through the use of recess appointments .
This is a rare but not unprecedented step that many other presidents have taken .
Since that meeting , I am gratified that Republican senators have responded by releasing many of these holds and allowing 29 nominees to receive a vote in the Senate .
While this is a good first step , there are still dozens of nominees on hold who deserve a similar vote , and I will be looking for action from the Senate when it returns from recess .
If they do not act , I reserve the right to use my recess appointment authority in the future .
Unholy Alliances
By Leslie Bennetts
Vanity Fair
December 1991
[ This web version was created from a xerox copy of the original article ( 1M file ) in the Robert Costello archive .
The original article is also available as two smaller files 1 2 . ]
B ig and sprawling and a bright - yellow brick , St. Rita 's is an imposing presence in a quiet New Orleans neighborhood of neat little houses and well - tended lawns .
It is scarcely past dawn when the first parishioners begin to file into church for early - morning Mass , but already the air is as hot as a furnace .
Outside St. Rita's , the force of nature is inescapable : in this tropical climate , lush green vegetation thrusts into every crevice , floods come with the first hard rain , and thunder rumbles across the skies in a low , continuous murmur .
Inside the pristine , air - conditioned church , however , an old - fashioned decorum prevails .
Although most of the women wear casual clothes on this weekday morning , their heads are modestly covered , as if all the years of liberalization since Vatican II had never happened .
As a white - robed priest leads the faithful in prayer , his voice is mellifluous and soothing : " And lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from evil , " he intones solemnly .
The faces of his flock are as serene as their sanctuary ; inside this place , man has triumphed over nature to impose a rigorous order on its darker and more luxuriant excesses .
Former priest Dino Cinel during his deposition in 1990 and some of the child pornography discovered in his room at the rectory .
Or so it seemed until last spring , when the parishioners at St. Rita 's finally learned from the news media about the activities of one of their favorite priests .
Father Dino Cinel , a charming Italian - born priest who lived at St. Rita 's for nearly a decade , was discovered to have stockpiled an enormous cache of commercially produced pornographic films , photographs , and magazines featuring young children as sexual objects .
" Little Brother Wants a Kiss ! " reads one magazine .
" Yes !
A minor is loads of fun ! "
Another shows pictures of children in black leather performing oral sex on each other ; one headline advertises " Big Prick Dream Boy . "
A how - to article entitled " Young Boys Are Fun in Bed " instructs " fellow boy - fuckers " on how to seduce children , from hanging around near schoolyards to striking up conversations — '' Be nice " — to initiating sex ( " A few drinks or a pipe of hashish ... will help you a lot " ) .
The mere possession of such material carries a mandatory jail sentence in Louisiana , which has one of the strictest child - pornography laws in the nation , but there was more .
Also found in Father Cinel 's room were 160 hours of homemade pornographic videotapes in which the handsome priest performed anal sex , oral sex , group sex , and a dizzying array of other diversions ( often including his fluffy white lapdog ) with at least seven different teenage boys .
His voice as soft as a caress , he was relentlessly persuasive as he urged one boy to have sex with his brother on - camera , another to have intercourse with his mother and to bring in his sister and her boyfriend to make a group - sex video they might sell in Denmark .
At one point one of Cinel 's partners reported back on his mother 's reaction when he tried to seduce her : " She got real upset , " he said plaintively .
" She never reacted the same to me after that .
It blew her mind . "
Hers was n't the only mind that was blown .
To the horror of the parishioners at St. Rita 's , many of the videotapes were made in the rectory , in Father Cinel 's modest little suite of rooms right under the noses of the other priests in residence there .
But the uproar last spring was only the public eruption of a scandal that the church had kept secret for more than two years and that was finally revealed not by diocesan officials but by Richard Angelico , an outstanding investigative reporter on WDSU - TV , the local NBC affiliate .
Father Cinel 's cache of contraband had been discovered at the end of December 1988 , and although he himself was discreetly ousted as a parish priest shortly thereafter , the archdiocese held on to his collection of pornography for three months before turning it over to the district attorney 's office , prompting a barrage of later questions about whether the tapes had during that time been purged of sequences involving minors or parishioners .
In addition to the resulting charges of a church cover - up , when the news became public the district attorney immediately came under fire for his failure to prosecute Cinel .
The Catholic Church is in crisis over the shocking incidence of pedophilia in the priesthood — its lawsuit payouts could total $ 1 billion within the next few years .
But how is the church confronting the problem ?
Leslie Bennetts reports on the case of a New Orleans priest who allegedly exploited young men for sex and collected child pornography , but was allowed to re-emerge as a tenured college professor in New York .
Harry Connick Sr. , the father of the singer , is a devout Catholic and a parishioner at St. Rita 's as well as the longtime D.A. of Orleans Parish , New Orleans being a town so Catholic its counties are called parishes .
Although Connick had lobbied hard for Louisiana 's tough new child - pornography statute , he had also entertained Father Cinel in his home , and the sociable priest had even performed the rites at the wedding of Connick 's brother - in - law .
In a television interview with Angelico , the D.A. admitted that one reason he had n't prosecuted the case , despite a recommendation by his own investigators that he do so , was his unwillingness to embarrass " Holy Mother the Church . "
The ensuing outcry drove him from public view , although the D.A. 's office did finally file a single , unspecific charge of possession of pornography against Cinel — a move so halfhearted that it elicited still more criticism , since hundreds of charges could technically have been filed based on the commercial pornography collection alone .
Indeed , the Cinel case is being described as the largest documented case of priest pedophilia in the history of the crime .
Federal authorities are expected to file additional charges this fall based on violations of customs and postal regulations , since Cinel admitted he had smuggled some of his stash into the country from Europe .
Then there are the civil lawsuits : two so far , one by each of Cinel 's most long - standing boyfriends , citing not only the priest but also the church for its failure to protect them from Father Cinel 's predations .
A major New York educational system has also become embroiled in the controversy .
After being quietly dismissed from St. Rita 's in early 1989 , Cinel , a respected historian , continued to teach at Tulane University a few blocks away , and before the next year was out he had landed a job as " distinguished professor " of history at the College of Staten Island , which is part of the City University of New York .
The distinguished - professor rank carries a $ 20,000 bonus , so by last winter Cinel was ensconced at Staten Island in the cushiest of academic posts , with an annual salary of $ 90,000 and a decidedly underwhelming work load of half a course per semester .
The new distinguished professor was given tenure , of course , so when the scandal broke shortly thereafter , the College of Staten Island found , to its extreme dismay , that it could n't even suspend Cinel without running a lengthy procedural gauntlet of byzantine complexity , a process that would obviously take months to complete and in which Cinel was entitled to an automatic defense by the union representing faculty members .
In September , the college finally reassigned Cinel to a theretofore nonexistent position at CUNY Press , a largely nonexistent entity that has yet to publish a book .
" The highest priority is to avoid contact between him and students , " said Dr. Barry Bressler , the vice president for academic affairs at the College of Staten Island .
The college had originally settled upon Cinel after a long search process ratified by some of the most prominent historians in the country , but after the scandal broke the school was besieged with criticism for its handling of the situation ; it turned out that most of the professors on the search committee never even knew Cinel was a former priest — a fact he had somehow omitted from his vita — let alone a disgraced one facing a multitude of potential criminal charges .
The lone priest on the search committee — Lydio Tomasi , executive director of the Center for Migration Studies on Staten Island , who had known Cinel for more than twenty years and even belonged to the same order , the Scalabrinian Fathers — never told any of his colleagues that Cinel had been a priest .
" It was quite irrelevant , " insists Tomasi , who claims to have known nothing about the sex scandal .
Cinel with his wife , Linda , and teaching at the College of Staten Island last May .
With assorted religious , educational , and criminal - justice systems reeling in his wake , the fifty - year - old Cinel has been living in Brooklyn since last summer with Linda Pollock , the fellow Tulane history professor he married two years ago after getting her pregnant , and with their toddler , a girl .
The Scottish - born Pollock is " kind of a wallflower , " according to Dr. Bressler .
" She 's the opposite of Dino . "
Indeed , even his enemies acknowledge that Cinel is extremely charming .
He is now presenting himself as a respectable family man while maintaining a posture of aggrieved innocence , telling everyone who will listen that his sexual peccadilloes are behind him and that he can't understand why everyone is making such a big deal out of something that happened in the past .
" Before this I was a prince — now I 'm a pariah , " he said bitterly to another professor over the summer .
He may be a pariah , but he's also free to walk the streets , and the mere thought makes many observers shudder .
" Somebody 's got to put this guy in jail , " says Gary Raymond , a private investigator and former New Orleans policeman who has worked on the case .
" The experts always say there 's no cure for pedophilia , and based on the lack of proof of rehabilitation other than Cinel 's saying ' I 've given it up , ' I can only assume that what he 's doing at the present time is molesting kids , because that 's what Dino Cinel has always done , and everything else — the priesthood , Tulane , CUNY — everything has been secondary .
If he 's photographed seven boys , he 's seduced seventy , and if he 's seduced seventy , he 's taken a shot at seven hundred . "
U nfortunately , such numbers would not be unprecedented ; in the last few years , the Catholic Church has been overwhelmed with similar cases .
In fact , it is surprising that Cinel 's own archdiocese handled his case so ineptly , since it had already endured a horrific embarrassment a few years earlier with a slew of lawsuits against Gilbert Gauthe , a Louisiana priest who has thus far cost the church more than $ 20 million .
" According to some of the estimates , as many as two hundred kids , mostly altar boys , were abused over a five - to seven - year period , " says Raul Bencomo , an attorney for some of the plaintiffs .
The damage was exacerbated by the fact that church authorities had known Gauthe was a pedophile .
" They shuffled him from one parish to another and swept it under the rug to avoid the embarrassment , " says Bencomo .
" They have their own code of silence , just like cops , but there 's no question there were other priests involved .
These guys were trading these kids like baseball cards . "
A total of seven priests were eventually implicated in the scandal , and Gauthe is currently serving twenty years at hard labor .
" The Cinel case is a Watergate kind of story , because ultimately every one of these cases is a tragedy . "
According to the experts , such situations are all too common .
" The pattern you find in many if not most of these cases is that a priest is removed and recycled , sometimes with therapy , sometimes not , " says Jason Berry , a Catholic journalist and the author of And Lead Us Not into Temptation , a book about homosexuality and pedophilia in the priesthood that will be published next year by Doubleday .
" They 're placed in another parish , in another priestly assignment , and when parents and parishioners find out they have received damaged goods , they get very angry .
"
Increasingly , they also get a very expensive form of revenge .
" Roughly $ 300 million has been paid by church officials and insurers since 1985 in cases of priests abusing children and adolescents , " reports Berry , adding that there have been at least two hundred priests or brothers reported to the Vatican Embassy for such offenses in the last six years alone .
Since many court records are sealed and settlements are often predicated on the enforced silence of the plaintiffs , such estimates are generally conceded to be extremely conservative ; internal church documents describe priest pedophilia as a major crisis and warn that lawsuits may cost the church as much as $ 1 billion by 1995 .
No one really knows how many child molesters there are in the general population , let alone the priesthood , but around 6 percent of priests are believed to be pedophiles , according to A. W. Richard Sipe , a former Benedictine monk and the author of A Secret World : Sexuality and the Search for Celibacy .
Catholic officials who deal with pedophilia object to its characterization as a particular problem for the priesthood .
" I do n't think it 's a church problem , I think it 's a universal problem , " says Monsignor Robert Bacher , president and C.E.O. of St. Luke Institute , a psychiatric hospital in Maryland whose patients include priests with sexual disorders .
" Most of the people we treat who are pedophiles were abused by their own families , and it grows in geometric progression — a father abuses three or four children , and they go out and become child abusers . "
Nevertheless , other analysts find the church particularly culpable in how it handles the problem .
" What is so staggering to me is not that there are a lot of pedophile priests , because child molestation affects all layers of society , " says Jason Berry .
" What staggers me is the stupidity of the bishops who simply are afraid to do the morally correct thing .
The Cinel case is a Watergate kind of story , because ultimately every one of these cases is a tragedy .
You have the hubris of power — the raw arrogance , the blindness , the myopia .
Every one of these stories is about the abuse of ecclesiastical power , and about the ecclesiastical power structure trying to conceal the internal corruptions that have long been tolerated . "
How long Dino Cinel 's corruptions had been tolerated remains a matter of conjecture .
Philip Hannan , the New Orleans archbishop during Cinel 's tenure at St. Rita's , maintains that Cinel arrived there with glowing recommendations from his former bishop in California .
However , Chris Fontaine , one of the two young men now suing Cinel , told WDSU 's Richard Angelico that the priest once admitted to him that he was fleeing from earlier indiscretions .
" He got into some serious trouble in New York , and he went to California , and then he got into some trouble in California and he got kicked out of the church ... because he was having homosexual problems and they told him to get out , " says Fontaine .
In New Orleans .
Cinel " started all over again , " Fontaine adds .
Through his lawyer , Arthur " Buddy " Lemann , Cinel categorically denies Fontaine 's account .
When I ask Hannan , who has since retired as archbishop , if he knew anything about such a history , he says , " That is absolutely not the story of the church . "
Even if the church knew nothing about Cinel 's proclivities , experts report that such discreet recycling is common .
" I 've followed priests who have had this problem who have been in dozens of parishes all over the country , " says A. W. Richard Sipe .
" The policy is ' Avoid scandal at any cost . ' "
For Fontaine and Ronnie Tichenor , the other young man who has filed suit against Cinel , the knowledge that theirs are not isolated cases provides little consolation .
Both are now in their mid-twenties , both are the products of troubled family backgrounds , both lacked a stable father figure at home , and both remain deeply disturbed by their experiences with Father Cinel .
Tichenor says he was only thirteen when he began having sex with the priest ( Cinel claims he does n't remember how old Tichenor was when they got involved ) , but the passage of years has done little to assuage his turmoil .
" Many 's the night I sat in the kitchen of my mother 's house with the barrel of a gun in my mouth , " Tichenor told Richard Angelico .
The D.A. admitted that one reason he had n't prosecuted the case was his unwillingness to embarrass " Holy Mother the Church . "
Fontaine acknowledges that he was seventeen when his affair with Cinel started , but he has always looked far younger than his years , and his mental capabilities are limited ; indeed , he is described by his lawyers as borderline retarded .
Cinel 's videotapes provide eloquent testimony to Fontaine 's childishness ; in one sequence , he is watching a Smurf cartoon on television while Cinel performs oral sex on him .
Fontaine remains particularly fragile ; he has been diagnosed in the past as both suicidal and , after threatening to kill Cinel , homicidal , and he is haunted by his feelings of betrayal by the priest , to whom he had been deeply attached .
Fontaine finally decided to sue only after seeing an issue of a European porno magazine entitled Dreamboy U.S.A. , which consisted entirely of pictures of himself — posing in provocative positions , pulling down his underpants , displaying his erections , masturbating — secretly supplied to the magazine by Cinel .
Cinel claims he never got any money for the pictures — but for Fontaine , who believes that Cinel sold the material without telling him , the discovery was the ultimate blow in a series of disillusionments made possible by his own terrible vulnerability .
A slight , freckled young man with reddish - brown hair , Fontaine speaks slowly and haltingly , stumbling over syntax and groping for words ; he may not be articulate , but after years of therapy he has come to a clear understanding of why Father Cinel was able to manipulate him so egregiously .
" I was just begging for somebody to love me , " Fontaine told Richard Angelico , his voice suffused with bitterness .
" He made me believe he loved me and he would always be there for me .
My parents did n't care about me , and I did n't have nothing .
If he had told me to jump off a bridge , I would have jumped ....
He made me believe that I was a kid in need of a father and he was a father in need of a son , and God put us together to help each other and to serve each other 's needs .
I was seventeen years old , but I must have been fourteen years old in my brain ....
I did n't think about the cost .
All I knew was here was a person telling me he loved me , and I was going to do everything in my power to keep him ....
When I was with him , I really did n't doubt his word .
All I knew was that for the first time in my life I had somebody home waiting for me that was supposedly going to be there forever for me ....
I sat outside that church many a night in the pouring rain , waiting for him to come home , where I could go inside .
That 's how much I loved him . "
A cluster of television cameras and reporters are massed in front of Darryl Tschirn 's law office overlooking Lake Pontchartrain as Dino Cinel and his attorney step off the elevator .
Cinel 's lawyer is scowling as they dart through the assembled press , but the former priest simply looks shell - shocked , his eyes wide and startled like those of a deer caught in headlights .
Pale and wan , clad in a pin-striped navy suit jacket over rumpled khaki pants , he keeps his head down as he disappears into the inner office , where he is about to give a deposition in one of the two civil suits that have been filed by Tschirn and David Paddison , the attorneys for both Fontaine and Tichenor .
On this particular occasion , Cinel spends a lot of time pleading the Fifth Amendment , but it does n't matter ; he has already aired a remarkable amount of dirty laundry in a videotaped deposition taken in August of 1990 .
If Cinel looks somewhat chastened now , back then he seemed a different man entirely — arrogant to the point of insolence , cavalier , even nonchalant as he discussed his richly varied sex life with both men and women during his twenty - three years as a priest , his illicit activities in the rectory at St. Rita's , and his contraband pornography collection , among other topics .
According to his deposition , Cinel , the youngest of nine children , was first introduced to sex back home in Italy by the headmaster of his boarding school , whom he described as " an eminent priest who was a friend of the pope . "
Cinel was thirteen or fourteen at the time , and the encounters with his superior continued over the next couple of years .
After Cinel became a priest , his sex partners included both women and young men ; after acquiring a master 's degree at New York University , he earned his doctorate at Stanford , maintaining a four - year affair with a woman in California in addition to his more fleeting homosexual contacts .
Cinel 's taste for adolescent boys was already well established ; when he moved to New Orleans , he made a point of calling the D.A. 's office to ascertain the age of consent in Louisiana .
He had been down to the French Quarter , where many male hustlers hang out , " and I had seen that some of them looked young and I wanted to know what the situation was here , " Cinel explained .
" I tried to stay clear of the law . "
At no point during his entire four - hour deposition did he mention the conflict between his behavior and his vows as a priest .
Sparring verbally with the lawyer who was questioning him , Cinel taunted his opponent as if he thought he were invulnerable , and a mocking smile rarely left his face .
Cinel 's lawyer , Arthur Lemann , has a ready explanation for his client 's attitude back then .
" He had been assured he was n't going to be criminally prosecuted and that the deposition he was giving would be confidential and sealed , " says Lemann , a sleek , portly man who favors three - piece white linen suits , saddle shoes , Panama hats , and fat cigars .
" The D.A. had agreed not to prosecute him ; there was a binding oral agreement . "
The beleaguered district attorney refuses to comment on this or any other aspect of the Cinel case , which has been a major headache ever since Connick admitted he went easy on Cinel because he did n't want to embarrass the church .
" It 's a pending case , and I 'm not going to discuss anything about it , " Connick tells me .
Even things he 's said in the past ?
He groans .
" Especially things I 've said in the past , " he says .
New Orleans D.A. Harry Connick Sr. [ below ] and former New Orleans archbishop Philip Hannan , one of the first to be informed of Cinel 's activities .
However , Cinel is n't the only one who got the distinct impression that Connick did n't want to prosecute him .
Gary Raymond , who worked as an investigator in the D.A. 's office for seven years before retiring to establish a private practice , wrote Connick a three - page letter in the summer of 1990 outlining the case against Cinel .
" I literally begged Harry Connick to charge this man , " says Raymond , a wiry , intense man who is determined to see the former priest brought to justice .
" I was then told by an investigator in the D.A. 's office that Connick was upset because I had created a paper trail .
" Connick still took no action ; months later , Raymond ran into him on St. Patrick 's Day .
" When are you going to prosecute this priest ? " he demanded .
" Never , as long as I'm D.A. , " Connick replied , according to Raymond .
( It was only after the media broke the story last spring that Connick even filed the one charge against Cinel .
After months of continuing criticism , this fall the D.A. finally charged him with sixty separate counts of possession of child pornography . )
The alleged agreement with the D.A. is n't the only deal Cinel claims to have made : when another priest finally blew the whistle on him , Cinel says , the archbishop agreed that if he departed quietly the material discovered in his room would not be used against him .
The circumstances of Cinel 's downfall were ironic .
He had just been driven to the airport by Linda Pollock , his future wife , who was to use his car while he made a lecture trip to Italy .
She promptly locked the keys in the car and called the rectory to ask another priest to check Cinel 's room for an extra set .
Father James Tarantino began poking around in Cinel 's desk , where he found piles of child pornography .
Archbishop Hannan was notified and called Cinel in Italy the next day .
Both Cinel and Hannan agree that the archbishop 's first request was that the errant father simply stay in Italy ; Hannan does n't seem to see anything wrong with having encouraged a priest who had just been discovered to have committed criminal acts to become a fugitive from justice .
But Cinel refused to disappear .
" He replied , to my great surprise , that he resented the invasion of privacy of his room , and did n't show any kind of remorse , " Hannan reports .
The rest of their conversation is a matter of bitter dispute .
" Of course I did not make any deal at all , " protests Hannan .
" Those charges are ridiculous . "
Indeed , Hannan has repeatedly expressed outrage that anyone would even question his word against that of someone like Cinel .
" Father Dino was a real number - one con man , " he says indignantly .
However , Hannan 's version of events is contradicted by others as well .
One key issue is whether the archdiocese notified Tulane University when the tapes were discovered .
The first time I ask Hannan whether he told Tulane , he stammers and hedges .
" I 'm trying to think ... I do n't remember what we did about Tulane , " he says .
Half an hour later , his memory suddenly improves , and he calls me back with a new answer , saying that he had indeed informed the school .
" It was all done within twenty - four hours , " he says briskly .
" I took care of notifying some of the people , and Bishop Muench notified some of the others — right away . "
Tulane has a different story .
Strangely , the university has also assumed an embattled posture , with top officials refusing to answer any questions about Cinel , but in response to my repeated inquiries the school 's Office of Public Affairs finally read me this statement , approved by the president : " The archdiocese did not inform the university of the allegations made against Dino Cinel prior to the news reports about him . "
Although it would appear that either former archbishop Hannan or the university 's president must be lying , even Tulane faculty members are puzzled .
According to one professor , the history department received a directive from the dean more than two years ago that they were to respond " No comment " to any questions about Cinel from the media .
If university officials did n't know anything , what were they instructing faculty members to stonewall the press about ?
In any case , Tulane later said nothing to the College of Staten Island about any problems involving Cinel .
Further questions have been raised about the archdiocese 's dealings with St. Rita's .
" Parishioners were never told about what happened in the rectory , nor were they ever asked to speak with their children , " reported Richard Angelico on WDSU - TV .
Don Richard , an attorney for the archdiocese , admitted to Angelico that this was true , and tried to justify the church 's silence in terms of its sensitivity to a possible criminal investigation : " My advice to the church was ' You do nothing to prejudice a criminal case that might arise against anyone ' — and so we did absolutely nothing , " Richard explained .
A couple of months later , however , when I ask former archbishop Hannan about it , he suddenly changes the official story , thereby contradicting his archdiocese 's own lawyer .
" As soon as he knew about this , Father Tarantino told the people and apologized to the people , " Hannan maintains .
" He did n't even wait for a Sunday ; I think he told them at a weekday Mass so they would know immediately . "
Another question is why the church did n't insist Cinel get some kind of treatment .
" Dino flounced out on us , " says Hannan .
" He left angry , and we had no knowledge of where he had gone . "
In fact , Cinel could rather easily be found a few blocks away , in his longtime office at the Tulane history department .
But perhaps the most important controversy involves the church 's decision to hang on to Cinel 's pornography collection for three months before turning it over to the authorities .
Even then , the archdiocese made its squeamishness about prosecution more than apparent .
" We therefore wish to make it clear that it was not the intention of the Archdiocese in taking such action that it would be regarded as seeking to initiate or urge prosecution of Dr. Cinel or anyone else thereby , " wrote Thomas Rayer , an attorney for the archdiocese , in a letter to the D.A. 's office .
" This action on the part of the Archdiocese should therefore not be considered by your office as in any way seeking the initiation of criminal charges with respect to this material or any activities of Dr. Cinel in relation thereto . "
Judging by his subsequent inaction , the district attorney got the message .
Many wonder if the evidence was tampered with while in the hands of church officials , but Hannan denies there was any purge of the material , saying the church kept it for so long merely to " get some idea of who was involved " on the videotapes .
Others are less than convinced .
" This is a classic story of a church coverup , " says Jason Berry .
" I think the archbishop and the lawyers for the archdiocese broke the law .
You do n't sit for three months on child pornography ; possession of it is a crime ....
Dino Cinel should have been arrested the moment he got back from Italy . "
According to a recent deposition by Bishop Robert Muench , the tapes remained at St. Rita 's for six days after Father Tarantino found them , before they were even turned over to the archdiocese .
" I think in those six days Tarantino blasted through those tapes to see who was there and who should n't be there , " says attorney Darryl Tschirn .
" Nobody ever inventoried the tapes .
Nobody knows how many there were — and how many they ended up with . "
Bishop Muench admitted in his deposition that he and Tarantino fast - forwarded through some of the tapes to see who was on them , but Tarantino says , " The materials I found were turned over to the archdiocesan representative precisely as found without exception . "
But if there was a cover - up , it would n't surprise some who have dealt with pedophiles in the church .
Louisiana attorney F. Ray Mouton served as the lawyer for the notorious Father Gauthe , and he also co-authored a confidential report to the American bishops on priest pedophilia in 1985 .
Last spring , Mouton was asked by a Washington , D.C. , television station , WUSA , how often the Catholic Church tries to obstruct criminal investigations and cover up incidents of priestly pedophilia .
" Always , " Mouton said flatly .
" They may put forth an appearance of cooperation , but in the back room in the chancery , they 're designing a plan to stonewall . "
D avid Figueroa was only five years old back in 1964 when , he says , Father Joseph Henry , the pastor at the Church of St. Anthony in Kailua , Hawaii , began to abuse him sexually .
One of fourteen children in a devout Catholic family , Figueroa attended the St. Anthony Parochial School , and his mother worked as a housekeeper at the church rectory , one of several places where he says he was routinely molested by his priest during the next eight years .
When the pastor died in 1972 , he was replaced by Joseph Ferrario , who is now the bishop of Honolulu .
Figueroa says he confided in Ferrario that he had been sexually exploited by Father Henry for years , whereupon Ferrario embarked on what was supposed to be counseling .
Instead , according to Figueroa , the priest began his own sexual relationship with the boy , which would continue for the next ten years .
When he was nineteen , Figueroa began to receive counseling from Father Tony Bolger , another diocesan priest , but before long Bolger too had instigated what Figueroa says was a sexual relationship .
The teenager told Ferrario , who allegedly continued to molest him as well , about his experiences with Bolger , but instead of taking any punitive action , Ferrario appointed Bolger as pastor at St. Anthony .
By this time Ferrario himself had become a bishop .
It was n't until 1985 , more than twenty years after the whole saga had begun , that David Figueroa 's mother learned about the alleged sexual exploitation and reported it in a letter to Archbishop Pio Laghi , then the papal pro-nuncio in Washington , D.C. Ferrario defended himself by saying that an investigation had been conducted by the church and that the accusation was unfounded .
However , David Figueroa was just getting started .
In 1989 he publicly announced his charges of sexual molestation against Bishop Ferrario , who again denied everything and dismissed Figueroa as a " good storyteller . "
Last August , the young man finally filed a civil lawsuit against the bishop .
Although Ferrario is the first member of the U.S. hierarchy to face such charges , another North American bishop has already been brought down by a pedophilia scandal .
Last year Newfoundland 's Archbishop Alphonsus Penney resigned in disgrace after an investigative panel he himself had established condemned his handling of widespread sex abuse at a Catholic - run boys ' orphanage .
The commission found that priests who abused boys sexually were better treated by the hierarchy than were the victims , and said that the lack of archdiocesan leadership might actually have encouraged the abuse .
Archbishop Penney , who had resisted earlier calls for his resignation , finally took responsibility for the church 's failure to act on long - standing reports of molestation .
" We are naked , " said Penney .
" Our anger , our pain , our anguish , our shame , and our vulnerability are clear to the whole world . "
That scandal was only one of many that have stunned Newfoundland 's Catholic community in the last couple of years .
More than two dozen priests and Christian Brothers have been convicted of or are facing charges of sexually abusing boys , and the moral verdicts have been even harsher than the criminal ones .
Last August a Newfoundland judge told Edward English of the Christian Brothers , " You are a disgrace to the order and to humanity , " and sentenced him to twelve years in prison .
While Canada has been rocked by its epidemic of priest pedophilia , it does n't compare with what is going on in the United States , where the cases have been multiplying faster than anyone can count .
Not that church officials particularly want to ; the Catholic Church insists that it has no central reporting system and therefore no figures on the extent of priest pedophilia around the country .
" We have no way of knowing for sure how many cases or complaints are out there , " says Mark Chopko , general counsel to the U.S. Catholic Conference , the public - policy arm of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops .
Chopko , who is also the author of a 1988 statement on priest pedophilia that remains the last official pronouncement on the subject , admits that the situation got so bad that by the mid-1980s the church was totally unable to obtain liability insurance covering sex abuse , although he claims that such coverage is gradually becoming available again .
But despite the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars in punitive and compensatory damages , the official church position continues to be that its pedophilia problem is no worse than anyone else 's .
" I do n't think it 's a crisis for the priesthood , " says Chopko .
" I think it 's a problem for all institutions , like churches , that have to care for children .
It 's a problem for schools , for child - care agencies , for scouting agencies , for day - care centers — and it's a problem for the clergy . "
Chopko rejects as " utter and complete nonsense " the idea that the church frequently tries to cover up the problem .
" I can't tell you that every time one of these charges has been filed it 's been handled with an adequate degree of charity or the right degree of promptness , " he says , " but , knowing many of the bishops and clergy involved in some of these cases , either they did n't know what was happening or they did n't believe anything so horrific could be happening in one of their institutions . "
Courts around the country are increasingly finding otherwise as a massive amount of documentation accumulates on efforts by church officials to conceal incidents of child molestation and a widespread pattern of gross insensitivity to the suffering of victims .
Last December , a Minnesota jury awarded $ 3.5 million , including $ 2.7 million in punitive damages , to a young man who had been sexually molested for eight years , starting when he was a thirteen - year - old altar boy , by a priest with a long history of such abuse .
According to Father Thomas Adamson , he began molesting boys in 1961 , in his first parish assignment , and he admitted such transgressions to his bishop three years later .
The bishop told him to control his behavior and transferred him to another parish .
For the next twenty - three years , Father Adamson continued to be reassigned to different parishes despite ongoing complaints and at least three interludes of psychiatric treatment at different facilities .
Internal church documents reveal a great deal of hand - wringing about the problem and a constant concern that the scandal might become public , but no decisive action by church officials to ensure that Father Adamson would no longer be in a position to molest youngsters .
" They knew about this guy and they did n't report it , so he never got prosecuted , and now he can't be , because of the passage of time , " says Jeffrey Anderson , a St. Paul attorney who is representing Adamson 's victims in eleven different civil lawsuits .
" Father Adamson sexually abused at least thirty - five boys we 've identified in various parishes , but he 's never spent a day in jail . "
Anderson , who is also the attorney for David Figueroa , is currently handling more than eighty cases involving priest pedophiles around the country .
The often repeated figure of two hundred priests reported for sexual misconduct in the last six years is a gross underestimate , according to Anderson , who says he personally knows of well over two hundred and the total figure " has got to be over four hundred . "
At least half of the cases he himself has dealt with involve some kind of church cover - up , he adds .
" The pattern is one of institutional indifference and complicity to misconduct , " he says .
" Even if the church has reason to know it 's going on , there 's a head - in - the - sand kind of attitude — and when they do discover it , then there 's a pattern of conspiracy to conceal it and avoid any public scandal or scrutiny . "
As in the Adamson case , the expiration of the statute of limitations has often worked in the church 's favor in precluding criminal prosecution when past abuse finally does surface .
However , in some states the church has a more powerful ally in the so - called doctrine of charitable immunity , which bars lawsuits against charitable institutions .
This law has been upheld under even the most tragic circumstances , as in the case of Christopher Schultz , a New Jersey boy who was abused from the age of ten by Edmund Coakeley , a Franciscan brother who was a parochial - school teacher and a scoutmaster .
Schultz 's brother was also molested by Coakeley , whose taste included bondage and sadomasochism : " He would take pictures of them doing what he'd tell them were the Stations of the Cross , " says David Jaroslawicz , the attorney who eventually filed suit on behalf of the Schultz family .
Christopher Schultz became increasingly disturbed , and when his parents finally learned about the abuse , they went to the church and asked for help .
" The church denied anything happened , and said the child fabricated everything , " says Jaroslawicz .
Christopher finally committed suicide in 1979 .
" He ingested wintergreen tablets from the medicine cabinet and said , in essence , ' I can't live anymore with what I 've done , ' " says Jaroslawicz .
" The real outrage here is the cover - up .
This child probably would n't have killed himself if these people had acknowledged that the child had n't done anything wrong and had been taken advantage of .
The fact that they made him feel that nobody believed him , and that he had to go to school every day and see this guy — that totally shattered the child . "
It shattered his family as well ; his mother , a nurse , had a nervous breakdown , according to court papers , and the parents were later divorced .
The family 's subsequent lawsuit was vigorously fought by the Archdiocese of Newark , the Franciscan Brothers , and the Boy Scouts of America , who demanded it be " thrown out on the grounds that charities are immune from paying damages to beneficiaries of their services in New Jersey , " according to the Asbury Park Press .
In 1984 the New Jersey Supreme Court agreed , dismissing all claims by the Schultz family .
Representatives of the church now acknowledge that mistakes have been made , but they claim that the church has changed in recent years .
" We have been trying harder , and we 've been generally doing better , " says Mark Chopko of the U.S. Catholic Conference .
" If you look at the cases that are filed now , it 's not new incidents as much as it is abuse that happened in the 1960s and ' 70s . "
Chopko vehemently denies that cover-ups are still occurring .
Police officials in two Virginia counties have recently offered a different point of view .
Earlier this year , Father Thomas Chleboski was arrested in Arlington and charged with six counts of molesting a thirteen - year - old student at Our Lady of Victory School .
" Police say they received a complete lack of cooperation from the Roman Catholic Church , " reported Washington 's WUSA - TV .
Indeed , according to Detective Tom Bell of the Arlington County Police , when detectives first contacted church officials , " they would not even acknowledge that this man was a priest , " let alone give the police any information on where to find Father Chleboski .
An investigation revealed earlier alleged incidents of abuse at previous places Chleboski had served , but there too detectives were given the cold shoulder by church officials .
" The individuals told us that they were told by the archdiocese not to say anything to the police , " said Detective Gary Costello of the Montgomery County Police Pedophilia Unit .
Asked about the Chleboski case , Mark Chopko says the lack of cooperation was due solely to the archdiocese 's administrative desire to centralize communications and make sure any statements came from the chancery rather than from individual parishes .
" Conspiracy to me connotes some intention not to tell the truth and not to deal honestly with a known situation , " Chopko says .
" The idea that there has been some kind of intention to deal dishonestly with reports of child abuse is just nonsense . " O n a drowsy afternoon in high summer , New Orleans 's Jackson Square is quiet and picturesque .
Just beyond a line of horse - drawn carriages , the plantain fronds rustle faintly in the ghost of a breeze off the Mississippi River , a saxophone wails plaintively in the hands of a street musician , and a sidewalk artist draws pictures for the passing tourists who flock to this quaint landmark in the middle of the French Quarter , where the dignified spires of St. Louis Cathedral tower over the lacy wrought - iron balconies that ring the square .
Chris Fontaine 's father used to work the crowds here as a sidewalk artist , and it was here that Chris says he first met Dino Cinel , on a day when he was upset about family problems and particularly vulnerable to the attentions of a sympathetic stranger .
" He came walking up to me ... and he started telling me he was a priest , " Fontaine reported in a taped interview with Richard Angelico .
" We became friends . "
According to Fontaine , they did n't have sex until they had seen each other two or three times , whereupon Cinel " asked me if I smoked weed , and asked me if I knew how to roll . "
After they had smoked some marijuana , Fontaine said , " he just reached over and started rubbing his hands on me and told me he wanted to give me a massage .
...
Then he told me to take off my clothes .
He just told me to leave my underwear on , and it went from there .
He started masturbating me , and I tried to get away ; he held me down for a minute and told me , ' Just relax and close your eyes . '
He put it in my head that they did it in Greek days and it's all right . "
Cinel has provided a markedly different account of these events .
He claims that he picked up Fontaine several blocks away from Jackson Square at the corner of Bourbon and St.
Ann , a notorious hangout for male prostitutes , and that Fontaine was an experienced hustler .
" He approached me and asked me first if I was a policeman , " Cinel said in his 1990 deposition .
" He was afraid I was there to bust him , because it was obvious what he was doing ....
He said , ' Do you want to have a good time ? ' "
Cinel admitted that Fontaine looked " very young ... probably fourteen , fifteen years of age , " and said that the boy showed him an ID to prove he was seventeen .
At the time , Cinel was forty - one .
Both Fontaine and Cinel agree that the boy went on to become a regular visitor to the rectory at St. Rita's .
Indeed , Fontaine says he lived there off and on for six to nine months , lounging in the common room , where he watched television with the other priests , and spending the night and waking up to the housekeepers , who routinely found him in Cinel 's bed in the morning .
Former archbishop Hannan admits that other priests at St. Rita 's were aware of such comings and goings , but Cinel apparently told them that the teenagers who frequented his room were homeless boys whom he was counseling .
Still , it is difficult to comprehend how his fellow priests could have missed what was happening .
" They had to know , " says Fontaine .
" They always saw me in the middle of the night making sandwiches , making noise in the kitchen .
Sometimes we would watch TV and I 'd be in bikini drawers or something like that . "
According to Fontaine , Father Cinel 's acts of sacrilege were n't confined to his bedroom ; one time he told Fontaine he needed an altar boy , persuaded him to serve at Mass , and then had sex with him afterward in the sacristy ( a claim Cinel denies ) .
Other sexual rendezvous were held at a country house Cinel bought in Mississippi and at the borrowed homes of various parishioners .
Wherever he was , Cinel recorded his trysts on video .
" He had this obsession with the camera , " Fontaine reports .
" Everywhere he went , the camera was with him .
He was always taking pictures of everything . "
While Cinel was extremely skillful at fostering Fontaine 's sense of emotional dependency , he apparently did n't hesitate to use harsher forms of leverage as well .
Early in his relationship with Fontaine , whose troubled adolescence included at least one episode as a juvenile offender , Cinel went to court with the boy to help get him out of some minor skirmish with the law .
The judge released Fontaine on probation , under the priest 's supervision .
" Father is willing to work with you and willing to help you , " said the judge .
" I hope that will be sufficient to get you on the right track , young man . "
According to Fontaine , whenever he resisted Cinel thereafter , Cinel would threaten to have him sent to prison .
" Dino Cinel may have told him that he may report him to the judge if he did n't do certain things , " says Buddy Lemann , Cinel 's lawyer .
" But it 's our position that Chris Fontaine voluntarily entered into all acts with Dino Cinel . "
These days Fontaine works as a carpenter when he can , but his lawyers and his psychologist say he 's in tenuous shape at best .
" Chris is a mess , " attests David Paddison .
" He 's probably going to need some type of medical care forever . "
R onnie Tichenor was in residence at a home for runaway children in the French Quarter when he first met Father Cinel .
" He told me he was looking out for my welfare , that he could help me better achieve an education and a better position in life , " Tichenor says .
Cinel also told him many of the same lines he had used with Fontaine , such as the one about being a " father in need of a son . "
Although Tichenor is now a tall , strapping darkhaired young man , in one videotape Cinel can be heard bragging about how small the boy was when they first had sex .
Like Fontaine , Tichenor became a familiar face at the rectory .
At one point he got very upset about his relationship with Father Cinel and even confided in another priest , but his protests were brushed off .
" I did break down emotionally with Father Michael , " Tichenor told Angelico .
" But he did not act like there was anything strange or forbidden .
He comforted me for five minutes in a general sense , and that was it . "
In a later deposition Father Michael Fraser said he had attributed Tichenor 's angst to " just basic adolescence " and never even realized the boy was upset about Father Cinel .
However , the attitude of Cinel 's colleagues had a profound impact on the teenager .
" I knew that all the other priests and the other associates at the church were familiar with the goings - on ; they could n't help but have been aware , " Tichenor said .
" And if they accepted it , I felt it must be right , even if it seemed wrong to me ....
Because of the general acceptance of everyone around me , I assumed it was me who was confused . "
Tichenor has put some distance between himself and Cinel since then , moving to Florida and going to work for a mosquito - control service .
But he suspects he knows what Cinel is up to these days .
" He looked for guys in basically the same position as myself , who were in need of leadership and support from a male figure , boys who had no father figure at home , " Tichenor says .
" He has this sense that these things are O.K .
He is able to instill this sense of security in young boys .
I hate to think of the possibilities . "
For Tichenor himself , some of the possibilities are terrifying ; both he and Fontaine wonder if Cinel infected them with the AIDS virus , but they are too scared to be tested .
Nor is Ronnie the only Tichenor with cause for concern : Cinel also managed to ensnare his twin brother .
Cinel , who enjoyed threesomes , often encouraged Ronnie and Chris to have sex as well .
With both boys the priest sometimes discussed his porno - house connection in Denmark and speculated on the possibility of selling pictures or videos abroad , but neither boy was aware that any material had changed hands until Fontaine saw his own photographs in Dreamboy U.S.A .
Although Cinel says he never got any money for them , their existence raised new questions .
Cinel was earning $ 42,000 a year at Tulane , and although he was receiving free room and board at St. Rita's , his expenses were considerable .
In addition to the country house in Mississippi , he also bought a duplex and a ten - unit apartment building in New Orleans , a speedboat , and a Lincoln Town Car .
After he left the rectory , he bought a $ 200,000 house a few blocks from Tulane .
How did he finance it all ?
His lawyer , Buddy Lemann , smiles enigmatically .
" Manna from heaven , " Lemann drawls , mouthing his frayed cigar .
Lemann , who is best known in New Orleans for defending members of the Marcello crime family , portrays both of the civil lawsuits currently pending against Cinel as cynical attempts by " two streetwise consenting adults " to fatten their bank accounts .
" Chris Fontaine is pissed off because he thinks Dino sold his pictures and made a lot of money , " Lemann charges .
" Chris is a hustler who thinks he 's been out - hustled .
I think this is a case of two homosexuals having a fight . "
In fact , Fontaine , who says his sexual preferences were always heterosexual , has since married and fathered two children , gotten divorced , and is now planning to marry again .
Tichenor has also married , although at one point , he says , Cinel lobbied hard against his emerging heterosexual orientation .
" I was approximately fifteen years old when I found out what homosexual sex was , and that that was what I was involved in , " says Tichenor .
When he told Cinel he liked women , " he tried to sway me .
He told me that men knew men better and men were to be together . "
According to Lemann , Cinel denies having tried to steer Tichenor toward homosexuality .
Since his public exposure , Cinel has often accused his critics of homophobia , and Lemann enjoys casting , this case as a noble crusade against bigotry .
" I 'm going to elicit the gay and homosexual community to get behind this , " he vows .
" This is positively a gay - rights issue .
This guy is being crucified because he had a homosexual tendency .
If it was little girls , you would n't have had nearly the same amount of commotion ....
Greed and sex , that 's what this case is about .
Cinel 's motivation was sexual ; his partners ' motivation was greed .
I think Dino Cinel may be a sinner , but he 's not a criminal . "
Those closest to Cinel seem to accept his assertion that he has put his pedophiliac proclivities behind him .
" It was a pathology in his past , " his wife told Lemann .
Whatever Pollock chooses to believe , however , even a passing familiarity with the literature on pedophilia would indicate that this is highly unlikely .
" We certainly would never talk about this as being curable , " says Dr. Fred Berlin , the director of the Sexual Disorders Clinic at Johns Hopkins .
" If you 're sexually attracted to children , that does n't change ; that 's with you for the rest of your life .
We do believe that pedophiles can , with proper treatment , learn to control themselves so they do n't continue to pose a danger . "
Although anyone who molests a child under the age of consent is legally a pedophile , technically Cinel is probably an ephebophile , or one who is attracted to adolescents ; the term " pedophile " is used clinically to describe those who are sexually drawn to pre-pubertal children .
Cinel 's commercial pornography collection favored pre-pubertal boys , but his known real - life encounters were generally with teenagers .
Most pedophiles are believed to be heterosexual in their orientation , but experts are finding a different pattern within the priesthood .
" The overwhelming majority of priests we 've seen would have the diagnosis of homosexual ephebophilia , " says Dr. Berlin .
Whatever the age of their victims , pedophiles are notoriously difficult to treat .
" Traditionally , using psychoanalytic techniques or behavioral therapy has not been that successful , " says Dr. Eli Coleman , director of the Program in Human Sexuality at the University of Minnesota Medical School .
Some programs report a significant degree of success with a combination of group therapy , behavior modification , and medication , hormonal and otherwise , but most experts agree that progress is difficult and the subject 's full cooperation is crucial .
A higher rate of success is found with pedophiles who are distressed about their urges and wish they were not attracted to children .
The task is much harder with those untroubled by a guilty conscience .
" Not only are they sexually attracted to children , but there 's no conflict between that fact and the sense of right or wrong , says Dr. Berlin .
" Trying to treat somebody like that is like trying to treat an alcoholic who denies he has a drinking problem . "
The prognosis is even bleaker when offenders are simply incarcerated without treatment .
" There 's an 80 percent recidivism rate if you just put pedophiles in jail and let them out , " says Dr. Jay Feierman , a psychiatrist who has treated an estimated three hundred priests for pedophilia at Servants of the Paraclete Treatment Center , a New Mexico facility run by a Catholic religious order .
Cinel claims to have gone for counseling in New Orleans " for a couple of years every week , " and says he stopped all sexual activity with teenage boys in 1986 .
However , he has frequently seemed to lack any sense of remorse , and in his 1990 deposition he even boasted that he had helped Chris Fontaine .
" Were you trying to help him get his life together by having sex with him ? " he was asked .
" Probably , considering the promiscuity in which he was living , I was the best person he could have sex with , " Cinel said smoothly .
" Knowing the other characters he was involved with , yes . "
To the contrary , many experts say .
" Because of the position of trust and authority that a priest holds in a child 's life , when sexual abuse takes place the greatest damage done to the child is the betrayal of that trust , " attests Dr. Mulry Tetlow , a clinical psychologist and former Jesuit priest .
" The damage is much more severe than sexual abuse by a stranger or babysitter . "
Nevertheless , those who have had recent conversations with Cinel report a disturbing sense that he is more aggrieved than penitent .
" He just does n't understand , " says Sandi Cooper , a fellow history professor at the College of Staten Island , adding that Cinel was " shocked " that the school wants to get rid of him .
" He 's upset ; he feels betrayed . "
Robert Viscusi , a Brooklyn College professor who also talked to Cinel over the summer , says , " There is this strange kind of dissociation that I found more troubling than anything else .
He talks about it very dispassionately and loftily , as if it all had to do with somebody else . "
Lawrence Powell , a Tulane history professor and former friend of Cinel 's , observes , " Even today , he has no moral sense .
I do n't think he feels he 's done anything wrong . "
Cinel certainly does n't deny his transgressions ; indeed , before Buddy Lemann signed on as his lawyer and told him to shut up , Cinel was even discoursing to the tabloids about the fine points of his sexual tastes .
" He explained to reporters at a press conference in his home that sex with young men gave him a greater sexual high , while sex with his wife was ' more emotionally fulfilling , ' " the Staten Island Advance reported .
With intimates , he can be even more forthcoming .
W. D. Atkins was Cinel 's lawyer until earlier this year , when they parted company over the $ 30,000 he says Cinel still owes him ( a debt Cinel denies ) .
But the attorney remains sympathetic to Cinel 's case , and it was to Atkins that Cinel offered one of his more explicit confidences — one that would not seem to augur well for the former priest 's prospects of leading a reformed life .
" He told me , ' I just love to fuck young boys in the ass , ' " Atkins says .
" He 's delighted with his attitude .
He 's not embarrassed in the least . "
1619 Jamestown farmers ordered to grow hemp .
Three colonies later allow subjects to pay taxes with the plant .
1776 Declaration of Independence drafted on hemp paper .
1869 Prohibition Party founded .
Central goals include women ’s suffrage and freeing the working class from the evils of drink .
1874 WCTU ( Woman ’s Christian Temperance Union ) founded .
1875 San Francisco bans opium dens .
1886 Coca -Cola created by Atlanta druggist and ex-Confederate officer .
Contains cocaine .
Southerners call it “ a shot in the arm ” and trucks selling Coke “ dope wagons . ”
June 19 , 1986 College basketball star Len Bias dies of a drug overdose , triggering severe increases in penalties for crack , though Bias OD ’d on powdered cocaine .
Oct 27 , 1986 Ronald Reagan budgets $ 1.7 billion for drug war , federalizes Rockefeller law - style mandatory minimums .
1987 As Carlos Salinas runs for president of Mexico , his brother Raul begins working for the cartels .
1987 Partnership for a Drug - Free America launches “ This is your brain on drugs ” ad .
1988 Reagan creates Office of National Drug Control Policy ( ONDCP ) , making the drug czar a Cabinet - level position .
Czar William Bennett campaigns to make drug abuse socially unacceptable , a strategy he calls “ denormalization . ”
1903 NY Daily Tribune links cocaine with black crime and calls for legal action against Coca - Cola , which quietly switches to “ spent ” coca leaves .
1912 Twelve countries sign First International Opium Convention , agreeing to “ use their best endeavors ” to clamp down on “ morphine , cocaine , and their respective salts . ”
1914 Opiates , cocaine effectively outlawed .
1914 William Randolph
Hearst starts campaign against cannabis , in part for fear that hemp paper could undercut his wood - pulp market share .
His papers usher the word “ marihuana ” into the English language in articles about reefer - crazed blacks raping white women and playing “ voodoo - satanic ” jazz music .
When Pancho Villa ’s army seizes Hearst estates during Mexican Revolution , he denounces Mexicans as lazy drug addicts .
Jan 16 , 1919 Alliance between WCTU , Prohibition Party , Progressives , Ku Klux Klan , and Kansas reformers helps ratify 18th Amendment , outlawing “ the manufacture , sale , or transportation of intoxicating liquors . ”
Drinking still legal .
1919 - 1933
Bootlegging fuels organized crime .
By Prohibition ’s end , arrests for drunkenness and disorderly conduct up 41 % ; federal prison population up 366 % .
1929 Montana outlaws pot because , as one doctor explains , “ When some beet field peon takes a few traces of this stuff …he thinks he has just been elected president of Mexico , so he starts out to execute all his political enemies . ”
1930 Federal Bureau of Narcotics ( FBN ) created .
Chief Harry J. Anslinger pushes for harsh punishments for drug possession .
1932 Progressives now against Prohibition .
FDR campaigns for president promising its repeal .
Dec 5 , 1933 21st Amendment repeals Prohibition .
Organized crime plummets overnight .
1936 Church group finances Tell Your Children , a film about the manslaughter , suicide , rape , and insanity that ensue when kids try pot .
Bought by exploitation film producer , who renames it Reefer Madness .
Aug 2 , 1937 FDR signs bill effectively outlawing marijuana .
1942 USDA films
Hemp for Victory to promote production for war effort .
1950s FBN chief Anslinger provides Sen .
Joe McCarthy morphine for fear that exposing his addiction would put country at risk .
“ On the day he died , ” Anslinger later writes , “ I thanked God for relieving me of my burden . ”
1950s - 1960s CIA program MKULTRA uses LSD to conduct mind - control and chemical interrogation experiments on unwitting subjects .
1967 The BBC refuses to play the Beatles ’ “ Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds , ” because of the apparent reference to LSD .
John Lennon maintains the song was inspired by a picture drawn by his son Julian .
Jan 14 , 1967 Former Harvard prof Timothy Leary goes to San Francisco ’s Human Be -In and utters the immortal “ Turn on , tune in , drop out . ” 1968 Tom Wolfe publishes The Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test .
Sept 1969
To combat marijuana imports , US launches Operation Intercept , searching all traffic along the Mexican border for 3 weeks and costing both countries millions .
Aug 23 , 1970 A New York Times Magazine article concludes , “ It is now the very rare college student who has never tried [ marijuana ] . ”
Oct 27 , 1970 The Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act reduces penalties for marijuana possession .
Also allows police to conduct “ no - knock ” searches and establishes five “ schedules ” of drugs based on their medicinal value and potential for addiction .
Sept 5 , 1989 President George H.W.
Bush unveils anti-drug program by holding up 3 ounces of crack purchased by DEA agents “ in a park across the street from the White House . ”
It is later revealed that agents entrapped the dealer — a high school student .
Dec 1989
Citing drug trafficking , Bush invades Panama and deposes former ally Noriega .
GAO later reports drug trafficking “ may have doubled ” and money laundering “ flourished ” following the invasion .
Nov 1991
While trying to stop a coke shipment , Mexican federales are killed by Mexican soldiers in the pay of Colombian cartels .
One general imprisoned , then quietly released .
1991 New Jack City is a major box - office hit .
The movie provides fodder for hip - hop artists including Lil Wayne , Kanye West , Jay - Z , and Biggie Smalls .
1992 Salinas severely restricts DEA agents operating in Mexico .
Dec 1993 Colombian police kill Medellín chief Pablo Escobar using US cell phone - trace technology .
1994 NAFTA increases border traffic , making it easier to smuggle .
1994 War on Drugs now imprisons 1 million people a year .
May 1995 Sentencing Commission urges Congress to remedy race - based disparities for cocaine and crack sentencing .
Congress ignores it .
Nov 1995
Federales spotted unloading a drug plane belonging to Colombia ’s Cali cartel .
1996 Cali cartel dismantled .
Mexican cartels now ascendant , especially the Gulf cartel , which recruits elite soldiers to form the cartel ’s feared armed wing , Los Zetas .
1996 Gary Webb publishes “ Dark Alliance ” series in the San Jose Mercury News accusing CIA of helping contras smuggle cocaine into the US during the 1980s .
Webb is discredited by media , is demoted , resigns , and commits suicide in 2004 .
Internal CIA probe ultimately corroborates many of Webb ’s claims .
1997 Sen. Jesse Helms ( R - N.C. ) blocks the nomination of Massachusetts governor William Weld as ambassador to Mexico , saying that the Republican ’s support for medical marijuana and needle exchange programs makes him unfit to serve .
1997 C.R.A.C.K. ( Children Requiring a Caring Kommunity ) , a California nonprofit , offers $ 200 to any drug - addicted woman who agrees to be sterilized or get birth - control implants .
Founder Barbara Harris explains , “ We do n’t allow dogs to breed … We try to keep them from having unwanted puppies , and yet these women are literally having litters of children . ”
1998 Congress requires drug czar to oppose legalization of drugs and any research on legalization .
Jan 10 , 1998 Onion article declares , “ Drugs Win Drug War . ” 1998 -2000 Drug Czar Barry McCaffrey pays TV networks to include anti-drug content in shows like Beverly Hills , 90210 .
1999 California cracks down on meth labs , driving production to Mexico , fueling cartel revenue , addiction , and violent crime .
2000 Clinton ’s $ 1.3 billion Plan Colombia provides country with helicopters , crop dusters , and surveillance planes .
Eight years and $ 6 billion later , coca crop has expanded 15 % .
Jan 8 , 2001 Ronald Reagan ’s 22 - year - old grandson , Cameron , is ordered to spend 90 days in a drug rehab program after pleading guilty to marijuana possession .
Jan 19 , 2001 Sinaloa cartel head Joaquín Guzmán “ escapes ” from supermax Mexican prison .
June 17 , 1971 Borrowing language from LBJ ’s War on Poverty , Richard Nixon declares War on Drugs , calling narcotics “ public enemy No. 1 . ” For the only time during the War on Drugs , the majority of funding goes toward treatment .
1972 US and French law enforcement bust the “ French Connection , ” a smuggling operation controlled by Corsican gangsters and the Mafia , resulting in a heroin shortage on the East Coast .
March 1972 Nixon - ordered Shafer Commission recommends decriminalization , finding that “ neither the marihuana user nor the drug itself can be said to constitute a danger to public safety . ”
Nixon ignores the report .
May 8 , 1973 NY gov .
Nelson Rockefeller signs law establishing mandatory minimums .
July 1973 Nixon forms Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) .
1975 President ’s commission headed by Rockefeller reveals MKULTRA program .
CIA admits it had little scientific purpose .
Nov 1975 Colombian police seize 600 kilos of cocaine .
Traffickers respond with “ Medellín Massacre . ” 1976 Jimmy Carter runs for president ; pledges to decriminalize pot .
1977 Eric Clapton releases “ Cocaine . ” April 26 , 1977 Studio 54 opens .
Dance floor is decorated with “ man in the moon ” image complete with cocaine spoon .
May 30 , 1977 Newsweek reports , “ Among hostesses in the smart sets of Los Angeles and New York , a little cocaine , like Dom Pérignon and Beluga caviar , is now de rigueur at dinners . ”
The article cautions that cocaine can be dangerous but “ a number of researchers have concluded that it can be safer than liquor and cigarettes when used discriminately . ”
Aug 16 , 1977 Elvis dies ; at least 10 legal drugs in system .
July 21 , 1978
After aides admit to smoking pot , Carter drops push to decriminalize .
1978 Medellín cartel cofounder Carlos Lehder buys a 165 - acre island in the Bahamas , which is used as refueling spot for planes flying drugs from Colombia to the United States until 1983 .
1982 Panamanian leader General Manuel Noriega cuts a deal with Pablo Escobar to allow the Medellín cartel to ship cocaine through Panama .
1982
To cut off main point of entry of drugs into US , Vice President George H.W. Bush heads the South Florida Drug Task Force .
Trade moves to Mexican border .
Oct 9 , 1982 Sen .
Joe Biden coins the term “ drug czar . ” 1983 Drug Abuse Resistance Education ( DARE ) , a program in which police officers talk to kids about drug use , is founded in Los Angeles .
Nov 6 , 1984
The DEA and Mexican agents raid five marijuana farms in the Chihuahua desert and seize 9,000 tons of marijuana worth an estimated $ 4 billion .
US officials declare the event the “ Bust of the Century . ”
The previous bust record was 570 tons .
Jan 29 , 2002 Noelle Bush , daughter of Florida governor Jeb Bush and niece of President Bush , is arrested for forging a Xanax prescription .
During her court - ordered rehab , she is found with two grams of cocaine and is sentenced to 10 days in jail .
Feb 3 , 2002 ONDCP spends $ 3.4 million on Super Bowl ads warning , “ Where do terrorists get their money ?
If you buy drugs , some of it might come from you . ”
Nov 5 , 2002 Nelson Rockefeller ’s granddaughter , Meile , is arrested for protesting the harshness of the Rockefeller Drug Laws in front of the New York governor ’s office .
2003 80 % of US school districts now have much - touted DARE programs .
GAO finds “ no significant differences in illicit drug use between students who received DARE … and students who did not . ”
2004 War on Terror and War on Drugs officially merge in the Kabul Counternarcotics Implementation Plan .
Three years later , Afghanistan has record opium crop .
Feb 25 , 2004
Thirty leading doctors and scientists issue a letter asking the press to stop using the term “ crack baby . ”
“ None of us , ” the researchers explain , “ has identified a recognizable condition , syndrome or disorder that should be termed ‘ crack baby . ' ”
One of the signatories is Dr. Ira Chasnoff .
2005 US v. Booker allows judges to deviate from federal mandatory minimums .
Median possession sentences fall 56 % overnight .
June 2005 Harvard economist estimates $ 10 - $ 14 billion in savings and tax revenue if pot is legalized .
500 economists , including 3 Nobel laureates , sign letter in support .
Jan 2006
Authorities announce the discovery of a half - mile - long tunnel linking a warehouse in Tijuana to a warehouse in the United States where 200 pounds of marijuana were found .
Dec 2006 Mexican president Felipe Calderón declares war on the cartels , deploys 45,000 troops .
Thousands of gang members killed ; smuggling routes disrupted .
Instability leads to rise in violence among cartels and between cartels and the Army .
March 2007
The Lancet reports that as far as drug prohibition goes , “ the exclusion of alcohol and tobacco…is , from a scientific perspective , arbitrary . ”
2008 US Mérida Initiative allocates $ 1.4 billion to combat Mexican drug trade .
Mexican politicians protest conditions requiring human rights monitoring .
2008
An ad by the Partnership for a Drug - Free America advises parents to talk to their kids about drug use , but notes that there is “ no need to reveal you smoked marijuana 132 times . ”
Jan 2009 NY gov .
David Paterson says , “ I ca n’t think of a criminal justice strategy that has been more unsuccessful than the Rockefeller drug laws . ”
March 2009 Forbes names Sinaloa cartel leader Guzmán the world ’s 701st richest person .
Lists industry as “ shipping . ”
Mid-1980s Crack epidemic hits poor US neighborhoods .
Feb 1985 DEA agent Enrique Camarena is kidnapped and murdered in Mexico .
The Mexicans ’ lack of cooperation leads US to launch a crackdown on the Mexican border .
Camarena ’s body is found within a month , as is evidence of Mexican cover - up .
Sept 12 , 1985 Dr. Ira Chasnoff writes article for the New England Journal of Medicine warning that cocaine use by pregnant women could lead to developmental problems .
Media begin making wildly exaggerated claims about “ crack babies . ” 1986 Reagan signs National Security Directive No. 221 , expressing concern over narcostates , “ where a combination of international criminal trafficking organizations , rural insurgents , and urban terrorists can undermine the stability of the local government . ”
March 2009 Almost 11,000 dead since Calderón declared war on the cartels .
March 11 , 2009 Obama demotes drug czar from Cabinet .
May 13 , 2009 Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske says he wants to banish term “ War on Drugs ” and favor treatment over incarceration to reduce illicit drug use .
2009 40 % of the 288,000 Americans admitted to rehab for marijuana use have not used the drug in the month prior to their admission .
Roughly 2/3 are there as part of a deal to avoid jail time .
The Altered States of America : Sources
1619 : “ The Hemp Controversy : Can Industrial Hemp Save Kentucky ? ” Kentucky Law Journal , Susan David Dwyer , 1997 ; “ Hemp in Colonial Virginia , ” Agricultural History , G.M. Herndon , Volume 37 , No. 2 , April 1963 , p. 86-93 ; Hemp : American History Revisited , Robert Deitch , Algora Publishing , 2003 , p. 16 ; Hemp Facts
1776 : Cannabis : A History , Martin Booth , New York : St. Martin ’s Press , 2003 , p. 42 ; Encyclopedia of World Environmental History , New York : Routledge Press , 2003 , p. 523
1874 : Woman ’s Christian Temperance Union
1875 : Review of Reviews from June 5 , 1892 , Schaffer Library of Drug Policy ; The Pursuit of Oblivion : A Global History of Narcotics , Richard Davenport - Hines , New York : WW Norton & Co , p. 126
1881 : Prohibition in Kansas , Noah McFarland and Francis McCabe , Kansas House Publishing , 1889 , p. 3 . ; Kansas State Historical Society Official Website : Temperance Timeline ; The Use and Need of the Life of Carry A. Nation , Carry Amelia Nation , Steves & Sons , 1908 ; Kansas Historical Society on Carry Nation
1886 : Coca -Cola Company ; “ Jim Crow ’s Drug War : Race , Coca Cola , and the Southern Origins of Drug Prohibition , ” Southern Cultures , Michael Cohen , Fall 2006 , p. 55 - 79 ; For God , Country and Coca - Cola : A Definitive History of the Great American Soft Drink and the Company That Makes It , Mark Pendergrast , New York : Basic Books , 2000 ; “ Coke ’s The One : The Centennial of the Ideal Brain Tonic That Became a Symbol of America , ” Southern Medical Journal , 1988 ; Mill Town : Coke and Dope ; “ Coca - Cola and Dope : An Etymology , ” American Speech , 1963
1903 : “ Cocaine Sniffers : Use of the Drug Increasing Among Negroes of the South , ” New - York Daily Tribune , June 21 , 1903 ; Government and Public Health in America , Ronald Hamowy , 2007 , p. 140
1914 : Department of the Treasury : History of the Treasury Timeline
1914 : William Randolph Hearst : The Later Years , Ben Proctor , Oxford University Press , 1998 , p. 51 ; Phone interview with Friedrich Katz , Department of History at University of Chicago ; The Origins of Cannabis Prohibition in California ; Pipe dream blues : Racism and the War on Drugs , Dennis Desmond and Clarence Lusane , Boston : South End Press , 1991 , p. 37 ; Hemp : American History Revisited , Robert Deitch , Algora Publishing , 2003 , p. 86 ; “ Gunboat Rescues Americans , ” New York Times , June 24 , 1916
January 16 , 1919 : Archives of Constitutional Amendments ; David J. Hanson , PhD , on Prohibition ; Alcohol and Temperance in Modern History , ABC - CLIO , 2003 , p. 593 ; Domesticating Drink , Catherine Murdock , JHU Press , 2002 , p. 6 ; US Government ’s Volstead Act Educational Archives ; Prohibition Party ; Prejudice and the Old Politics , Allan Lichtman , p. 77 , Lexington Books , 2000 ; Anxious Decades , Michael Parrish , WW Norton and Company , 1994 , p. 96 ; Woman ’s World / Woman ’s Empire , Ian Tyrell , UNC Press , 1991 , p. 20 ; The Constitutionalism of American States , University of Missouri Press , 2002 ; Red , White , and Brew : An American Beer Odyssey , Brian Yaeger , Macmillan , 2008 ; “ The Wets and the Drys : Binary Images of Women and Alcohol in Popular Culture , ” Communication , Thelma McCormack , New York University , 1986 , p. 43-64
1919 - 1933 : Alcohol Prohibition Was a Failure ; Albany Website on Prohibition ; Federal statistics
1929 : “ The Forbidden Fruit and the Tree of Knowledge : An Inquiry Into the Legal History of American Marijuana Prohibition , ” Virginia Law Review , October 1970
1930 : Report on Cocaine and Federal Sentencing Policy ; Government Archives of the DEA ; National Park Service : History
1932 : Chronological History of US Foreign Relations , Lester Brune and Richard Dean Burns , New York : Routledge , 2003 ; More on Prohibition from David Hanson
December 5 , 1933 : Archives of Constitutional Amendments ; Interview with David Kennedy at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice
1936 : History of Reefer Madness
August 2 , 1937 : Franklin Roosevelt ; Marihuana Tax Act of 1937
1942 : Hemp for Victory on YouTube
1950s : The Murderers , Harry Anslinger and Will Oursler , Farrar , Straus & Cudahy , 1961 ; Editorial on Joe McCarthy ; Jack Herer ; Drug use , Policy , and Management , Richard Isralowitz , Greenwood Publishing Group , 2002 , p. 133
1950s - 1960s : GAO report on Human Experimentation : An Oversight on Cold War Era Programs , September 28 , 1994 , p. 6 ; Declassified MKULTRA Project Documents
January 14 , 1967 : Handbook of Addictive Disorders : A Practical Guide to Diagnosis and Treatment , Robert Coombs , Wiley Publishing , 2004 , p. 15 ; The Politics of Ecstasy , Timothy Leary , Berkeley : Ronin Publishing , 1980 ; Sixties Radicals , Then and Now : Candid Conversations With Those Who Shaped the Era , Ron Chepesiuk , McFarland & Co. , 1995 , p. 147 ; Department of Justice on Leary
1968 : Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test
September 1969 : “ Operation Intercept Continues , ” Rome News Tribune , September 29 , 1969 ; “ The International Challenge of Drug Abuse : The Mexican Experience , ” National Institute on Drug Abuse Report , Guido Belsasso ; Consumers Report on Licit and Illicit Drugs
December 21 , 1970 : Elvis ’ letter to Nixon
June 17 , 1971 : Issues in Brief for Congress ; War on Drugs : Legislation in the 108th Congress and Related Developments , April 14 , 2003 ; Lies , Damned Lies , and Drug War Statistics , Matthew Robinson and Renee Scherlen , SUNY Press , 2007 ; Congressional Record , March 21 , 2000 ; Rogue States : The Rule of Force in World Affairs , Noam Chomsky , South End Press : 2000 ; Interview with Dr. Jerome Jaffe
March 1972 : The Report of the National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse , Commissioned by President Nixon , March 1972 ; CSDP Research Report , March 2002
May 8 , 1973 : New York State Assembly leader Sheldon Silver on Rockefeller laws ; Population Impact of Mass Incarceration Under New York ’s Rockefeller Drug Laws : An Analysis of Years of Life Lost , Journal of Urban Health : Bulletin of the New York Academy of Medicine , September 2002 ; Life on the Outside , Jennifer Gonnerman , Macmillan , 2005
July 1973 : DEA history site
1975 : Rockefeller Commission Report ; Declassified MKULTRA docs ; Senate hearing on MKULTRA
November 1975 : Cocaine : An Unauthorized Biography , Dominic Streatfeild , Macmillan , 2003
1976 : YouTube video of President Carter on decriminalizing marijuana
1977 : Slowhand , Eric Clapton , 1977
April 26 , 1977 : Moon and Spoon : Studio 54
May 30 , 1977 : “ The Cocaine Scene , ” Newsweek , Richard Steele , May 30 , 1977
August 16 , 1977 : Elvis Site 1 ; Elvis Site 2 ; Elvis Site 3 ; Elvis Site 4
July 22 , 1978 : “ Cocaine - Sniffing Incident , ” Washington Post ; “ Bourne Took Illegal Drug at Party , Witness Says , ” July 28 , 1978 ; “ The Wrong Rx for Peter Bourne , ” Time , July 31 , 1978 ; The Quest for Drug Control , David Musto and Pamela Korsmeyer , Yale University Press , 2002
1982 : Divorcing the Dictator : America ’s Bungled Affair With Noriega , Referick Kempe , I.B. Tauris , 1990
1982 : Report to Congress on the Activities and Operations of the Public Integrity Section for 1985 ; “ The Three US - Mexico Border Wars , ” Tony Payan , Praeger Security International General Interest , 2006 ; Sleepwalking Through History , Haynes Bonner Johnson , WW Norton and Co. , 2003 ; “ Puerto Rico Called New Entry Point for South American Drugs , ” Associated Press , September 2 , 1984
October 9 , 1982 : “ US Plans a New Drive on Narcotics , ” New York Times , October 9 , 1982
1983 : YouTube video of Nancy Reagan in the episode “ The Reporter “
Mid-1980s : DEA History Book : 1985 - 1990
February 1985 : Official DEA Biography ; PBS War on Drugs Timeline ; interview with former DEA administrator , Jack Lawn
September 12 , 1985 : “ Cocaine Use in Pregnancy , ” Ira Chasnoff , New England Journal of Medicine , September 12 , 1985
September 12 , 1985 : Crack Babies
September 12 , 1985 : Crack in America : Demon Drugs and Social Justice , Craig Reinarman and Harry Gene Levine , 1997
June 19 , 1986 : “ Maryland Basketball Star Len Bias Is Dead at 22 , ” Keith Harriston and Sally Jenkins , Washington Post , June 20 , 1986 ; “ 10 Years Later , Bias ’s Death Still Resonates , ” David Nakamura and Mark Asher , Washington Post , June 19 , 1996 ; “ A Social History of America ’s Most Popular Drugs , ” PBS Frontline ; “ Len Bias – The Death That Ushered in Two Decades of Destruction , ” Peter Guither , DrugWarRant.com , June 19 , 2006 ; “ Up in Smoke , ” Stephen J. Dubner and Steven D. Levitt , New York Times , August 7 , 2005
October 27 , 1986 : “ Thirty Years of America ’s Drug War , ” PBS Frontline ; “ The 1986 Anti-Drug Abuse Act , ” Families Against Mandatory Minimums ; Rockefeller Drug Laws Information Sheet , Aaron D. Wilson , Partnership for Responsible Drug Information
1987 : Carlos Salinas de Gortari , Encarta ; “ Man in The News ; a Mexican on the Fast Track : Carlos Salinas de Gortari , ” Larry Rohter , New York Times , October 5 , 1987 ; “ The Comandante , ” Christine Biederman , Texas Monthly , July 1997 ; Raul Salinas , PBS Frontline
1987 : “ The Partnership ’s ‘ Fried Egg ’ TV Message , ” The Partnership for a Drug Free America , October 24 , 2006
1988 : Snitch : Informants , Cooperators and the Corruption of Justice , Ethan Brown , 2007 ; “ What Is Addiction , and How Can We Treat It ? , ” PBS Frontline
September 5 , 1989 : “ Drug Buy Set Up For Bush Speech , ” Michael Isikoff , Washington Post , September 22 , 1989 ; “ White House Set Up Drug Buy in the Park for Bush TV Speech , ” Maureen Dowd , New York Times , September 23 , 1989 ; Pipe Dream Blues : Racism and the War on Drugs , Clarence Lusane , 1991 ; “ Mistrial Declared in Cocaine Arrest Near White House , ” Barton Gellman , Washington Post , December 22 , 1989
December 1989 : “ Operation Just Cause , ” Ronald H. Cole , Joint History Office , 1995 ; “ Operation Just Cause , ” GlobalSecurity.org ; “ Narcotics Control Efforts in Panama , ” GAO Report , July 1991 ; “ Fighting in Panama : The President ; A Transcript of Bush ’s Address on the Decision to Use Force in Panama , ” New York Times , December 21 , 1989
November 1992 : John E. Hensley interview , PBS Frontline , 2000
December 1993 : “ Timeline : America ’s War on Drugs , ” NPR , April 2 , 2007
1994 : “ New Mexico Drug Threat Assessment , ” National Drug Intelligence Center , April 2002 ; Border Games : Policing the US - Mexico Divide , Peter Andreas , 2001 ; “ FTAA ’s Drug Deal , ” New American , September 6 , 2004
1994 : “ The estimated number of arrests for drug abuse violations for adults has been increasing , ” Bureau of Justice Statistics ; “ The War on Drugs – A Peace Proposal , ” L. Grinspoon and J. B. Bakalar , New England Journal of Medicine , February 3 , 1994
May 1995 : “ Interested Persons Memo on Crack / Powder Cocaine Sentencing Policy , ” American Civil Liberties Union , May 21 , 2001 ; “ Disapproval Of Sentencing Guideline Amendments Re : Crack Cocaine Including Dissenting View , ” Excerpts from House of Representatives Report , September 29 , 1995
November 1995 : “ U.S. Drug Policy : Addicted to Failure , ” Mathea Falco , Foreign Policy ; “ Drug Plane Lands in Mexico and Is Unloaded , Possibly by Police , ” Sam Dillon , New York Times , November 30 , 1995
1996 : “ The Colombian Cartels , ” PBS Frontline ; “ DTO 101 : The Gulf Cartel , ” Mexico ’s Drug War
1996 : “ The Truth in ‘ Dark Alliance ’ , ” Nick Schou , Los Angeles Times , August 18 , 2006 ; “ The Sad Saga of Gary Webb , ” Susan Paterno , American Journalism Review , June / July 2005 ; “ Gary Webb , of Controversial CIA / Crack Series , Dead in Apparent Suicide , ” Associated Press , December 12 , 2004 ; “ Total Coverage : The CIA , Contras , and Drugs , ” Eric Umansky , Mother Jones , August 25 , 1998
1998 : Reauthorization Act of 1998 , Office of National Drug Control Policy , 1998
January 10 , 1998 : “ Drugs Win Drug War , ” The Onion , January 10 , 1998
1998 -2000 : “ Congress Looks at Relationship Between Government , TV Networks , ” The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , February 14 , 2000 ; “ Prime - Time Propaganda , ” Daniel Forbes , Salon , January 13 , 2000
1999 : Maps of Methamphetamine Lab Incidents , US Drug Enforcement Administration ; “ Mexico Security Memo : July 28 , 2008 , ” Stratfor Global Intelligence , July 28 , 2008 ; “ With U.S. Crackdowns , Meth Labs Proliferate in Mexico , ” Join Together , May 10 , 2005 ; “ Plunge in Meth Labs Paves Way for Potent Import , ” Howard Berkes , NPR , April 3 , 2007 ; “ Mexico Drug Use Soars as U.S. Meth Labs Shift South , ” Aline Corpus , Reuters , May 9 , 2005 ; DEA Briefs : California 2008 , US Drug Enforcement Administration ; “ Where Have All the Meth Labs Gone ?
South of the Border , ” Drugs - Forum , September 13 , 2008
2000 : “ PLAN COLOMBIA : Drug Reduction Goals Were Not Fully Met , but Security Has Improved ; U.S. Agencies Need More Detailed Plans for Reducing Assistance , ” GAO Report , October 2008
January 19 , 2001 : “ Drug Smuggler Tops Mexico ’s Most Wanted List , ” Jason Beaubien , NPR , July 15 , 2008 ; “ Prison Employees Held in Probe Over Escaped Drug Trafficker , ” Associated Press , January 30 , 2001 ; “ Targeting Mexico ’s Drug Cartels : Is the Sinaloa Federation Next ? ” Stratfor Global Intelligence , November 30 , 2007
February 3 , 2002 : Drugs and Drug Policy : The Control of Consciousness Alteration , Clayton James Mosher and Scott Akins , 2006 ; “ The Persistence of Folly : ONDCP ’s Anti Drug Media Campaign , ” Common Sense for Drug Policy ; “ O& M Managing US Government ’s Anti-Drugs Propaganda , ” Corporate Watch , July 2002
2003 : “ Youth Illicit Drug Use Prevention : DARE Long - Term Evaluations and Federal Efforts to Identify Effective Programs , ” GAO Report , January 15 , 2003
2004 : “ U.S. Counternarcotics Policy in Afghanistan : Time for Leadership , ” Statement of Michael A. Braun before the Committee on International Relations , US House of Representatives , March 17 , 2005 , US Drug Enforcement Administration ; “ U.S. Counternarcotics Policy in Afghanistan : Time for Leadership , ” Hearing before the Committee on International Relations , US House of Representatives , March 17 , 2005 ; “ Record Opium Crop in Southern Afghanistan , ” Richard Norton - Taylor , Guardian , June 27 , 2007 ; “ Second Record Level for Afghan Opium Crop , ” David Rohde , New York Times , August 28 , 2007 ; “ Record - Breaking Opium Crop Destabilizes Afghanistan , ” Jon Hemming , Reuters , August 25 , 2007
February 25 , 2004 : “ Physicians , Scientists to Media : Stop Using the Term ‘ Crack Baby , ' ” Join Together , February 25 , 2004
2005 : “ Fact Sheet : The Impact of United States v. Booker on Federal Sentencing , ” US Drug Enforcement Administration , March 15 , 2005 ; United States v. Booker , Supreme Court of the United States , 2005 ; “ Final Report on the Impact of United States v. Booker On Federal Sentencing , ” US Sentencing Commission , March 15 , 2005
June 2005 : “ An Open Letter to the President , Congress , Governors , and State Legislatures , ” Prohibition Costs , June 2005 ; “ Budgetary Implications of Marijuana Prohibition in the US , ” Prohibition Costs , June 2005
December 2006 : “ Mexico ’s Drug War Takes to the Barricades , ” Ioan Grillo , Time , February 19 , 2009 ; “ Mexico at War : On the Front Lines , ” William Booth , Steve Fainaru , and Travis Fox , Washington Post , April 2 , 2009
March 2007 : “ Development of a Rational Scale to Assess the Harm of Drugs of Potential Misuse , ” David Nutt , The Lancet , March 2007 ; “ Alcohol , Tobacco Make Top 10 List of Risky Drugs , ” Associated Press , March 24 , 2007 ; “ Alcohol , Tobacco Worse Than Illegal Drugs ? ” Scott Conroy , Associated Press , March 24 , 2007
2008 : Remarks on the House floor by Howard L. Berman ( D - Calif. ) , Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , on his Legislation H.R. 6028 , authorizing the Merida Initiative , June 10 , 2008 ; “ U.S. Merida Aid Initiative Angers Some in Mexico , ” Ken Ellingwood , Los Angeles Times , June 05 , 2008 ; “ Plan Mexico , ” Laura Carlsen , Foreign Policy in Focus , October 30 , 2007 ; “ US Congress Approves Anti-Drug Aid for Mexico , Central America , ” AFP , June 2008
January 2009 : “ Paterson Once Arrested Over Rockefeller Drug Law Reform , ” Irene Jay Liu , Times Union , January 8 , 2009 ; “ New York ’s Rockefeller Drug Laws , ” Madison Gray , Time , April 2 , 2009
March 2009 : “ #701 Joaquin Guzman Loera , ” Forbes , March 11 , 2009
March 2009 : “ Taking on the Narcos , and Their American Guns , ” The Economist , April 2 , 2009 ; “ Suman 10 Mil 475 Ejecuciones en Esta Administracion : PGR , ” María de la Luz Gonzalez , El Universal , March 25 , 2009 ; “ Over 10,000 Dead : Is Mexican Drug War Violence Ebbing ? ” Kristin Bricker , The Narcosphere , April 17 , 2009
March 11 , 2009 : “ Seattle Police Chief Selected as Drug Czar , ” David Stout , New York Times , March 11 , 2009 ; “ Obama to Name Seattle Police Chief as Drug Czar , ” Reuters , March 11 , 2009 ; “ Seattle Police Chief Is Obama ’s Drug Czar Choice , ” MSNBC , March 11 , 2009
May 13 , 2009 : “ White House Czar Calls for End to ‘ War on Drugs , ' ” Gary Fields , Wall Street Journal , May 14 , 2009 ; “ Abolishing The War On Drugs , ” Chris Good , The Atlantic , May 14 , 2009
OTHER SOURCES :
DEA History : 75-80
DEA History : 80 -85
DEA History Book : 85-90
Pentagon chief condemns European “ pacifism ”
By Bill Van Auken
26 February 2010
Amid growing fears in Washington that European powers may withdraw their troops from Afghanistan , just as the US escalates the war there , Defense Secretary Robert Gates delivered a speech blasting Europe for insufficient militarization and warning of a deepening crisis in the NATO alliance .
Gates gave the speech February 23 at Washington ’s National Defense University , a training center for mid-level and senior US officers .
His audience was a forum on the reworking of the “ strategic concept ” — essentially the mission statement — of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .
The revision of the statement is being conducted by a panel led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , and a draft is to be presented to a NATO summit in Lisbon , Portugal in November .
Gates ’ remarks came just three days after the Dutch government was brought down over opposition to continuing the deployment of some 2,000 Dutch troops in Afghanistan .
The Labor Party , one of the government ’s coalition partners , refused to support the extension of the deployment for another year , setting the stage for their withdrawal by the end of 2010 .
There is strong popular opposition to the Afghanistan war in the Netherlands , as there is throughout Europe .
The concern within US ruling circles is that a Dutch withdrawal could set a precedent for a number of other NATO members pulling out their troops as well .
With the total number of US troops killed in “ Operation Enduring Freedom ” , centered in Afghanistan , having topped the 1,000 mark , and US generals predicting far bloodier months ahead , Washington is anxious to dampen opposition to the war at home by employing more European soldiers as cannon fodder .
Gates insisted that to achieve this aim , European powers would have to confront underlying “ cultural and political ” trends .
“ One of the triumphs of the last century was the pacification of Europe after ages of ruinous warfare ” he said .
“ But , as I ’ve said before , I believe we have reached an inflection point , where much of the continent has gone too far in the other direction . ”
Gates continued : “ The demilitarization of Europe — where large swaths of the general public and political class are averse to military force and the risks that go with it — has gone from a blessing in the 20th century to an impediment to achieving real security and lasting peace in the 21st .
“ Not only can real or perceived weakness be a temptation to miscalculation and aggression , but , on a more basic level , the resulting funding and capability shortfalls make it difficult to operate and fight together to confront shared threats . ”
The conception that “ lasting peace ” in the present century can be achieved only by confronting popular aversion to war and building up the armed forces of the continent ’s nation states will no doubt be seen as perverse in Europe itself .
European militarization in the first half of the last century preceded two world wars and the deaths of tens of millions .
Underlying Gates ’ remarks are deepening tensions between Europe and America that threaten to undermine the 60 - year - old trans - Atlantic alliance .
In the “ post - Cold War , post - 9/11 world , ” Gates argued , NATO is compelled to shift “ from a static , defensive force to an expeditionary force — from a defensive alliance to a security alliance . ”
In reality , this supposed transition from defense to “ expeditionary ” interventions has been driven by an explosive growth of US militarism and the waging of two aggressive wars — in Iraq and Afghanistan — over the course of the last decade .
Washington is attempting to pressure NATO ’s European members to bear more of the costs of America ’s wars , both in terms of money and the lives of their troops .
Gates complained that the Europeans are not pulling their weight .
He pointed out that while the Obama administration has proposed a record military budget of over $ 700 billion for 2011 — 5 percent of US GDP — only four of NATO ’s 26 European members had budgeted more than 2 percent of their GDP for military spending .
As a result , said Gates , NATO “ faces very serious , long - term , systemic problems . ”
He pointed in particular to the failure of European NATO states to carry through on proposals to build more cargo planes and helicopters , warning that “ their absence is directly impacting operations in Afghanistan . ”
In what appeared to be a sharp rebuke of unnamed NATO members , the US defense secretary invoked the conditions facing troops in Afghanistan “ living in austere conditions , and …facing enemy fire on a daily basis . ”
“ That is a stark reminder that NATO is not now , nor should it ever be , a talk - shop or a Renaissance weekend on steroids , ” he continued .
“ It is a military alliance with real - world obligations that have life - or - death consequences . ”
Divisions within NATO have emerged over a host of issues .
In relation to Afghanistan , the Obama administration had requested other NATO countries to join in its “ surge ” by deploying an additional 10,000 troops .
Only 7,000 have been promised , and even this lower figure reportedly includes soldiers already deployed in the country .
Moreover , some of NATO ’s European members have placed restrictions on the mission of their contingents that limit their role in combat .
The European powers have backed the US war in Afghanistan in part out of concern that to withhold support could tear apart the NATO alliance under conditions in which they have no structure to replace it .
Moreover , European ruling circles hope to reap some of the spoils of the predatory war , in terms of access to the energy - rich Caspian Basin and the pipeline routes for extracting its oil and gas reserves .
With the election of Barack Obama , European governments had hoped that the unilateralist character of US policy would be changed and that they would be dealt with as Washington ’s partners .
Despite cosmetic and tactical shifts , however , the US continues to pursue its interests unilaterally , demanding that Europe accept its decisions and line up accordingly .
In ordering the escalation of the Afghanistan war and the deployment of an additional 30,000 US troops , for example , the Obama administration acted without any consultation with the European states , despite the fact that the war and occupation are ostensibly being carried out under NATO ’s banner .
Sharp divisions have also emerged over NATO expansion , with Germany and France reluctant to bring Washington ’s client states in Eastern Europe into the alliance and wary of provoking Moscow by pushing NATO to Russia ’s borders .
Der Spiegel , meanwhile , reports that Germany is demanding that “ the US remove its nuclear weapons from German soil . ”
It has allied itself with Norway and the Benelux countries in seeking a discussion of the issue at a NATO conference set for April in Tallinn , Estonia .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton preceded Gates ’ remarks with her own speech on Monday , ratcheting up intra-NATO tensions and speaking directly to Germany ’s position on nuclear arms , insisting that they should stay put .
“ This dangerous world still requires deterrence and we know there ’s a debate going on in Europe and even among some of our leading member nations about , well , what does that mean , ” she said .
“ We would hope that there is no precipitous move made that would undermine the deterrence capability . ”
Tokyo's
Ueno zoo conducts its bi-annual drill to train the zookeepers for contingencies of escaped tiger - using a person dressed up in a tiger outfit
Every two years the Ueno zoo in northern Tokyo carries out an animal escape drill to train for real animal break - outs .
In the past , zebras , gorillas , rhinos and polar bears have served as models for the simulation but 2010 is the Year of the Tiger .
Sure , American politicians have been bought and paid for by the Wall Street giants .
See this , this and this .
And everyone knows that the White House and Congress - while talking about cracking down on Wall Street with strict regulation - have actually watered down some of the most important protections that were in place .
For example , Senator Cantwell says that the new derivatives legislation is weaker than the old regulation .
And leading credit default swap expert Satyajit Das says that the new credit default swap regulations not only wo n't help stabilize the economy , they might actually help to destabilize it .
But the U.S. is not being sold out in a vacuum .
On March 1 , 1999 , countries accounting for more than 90 per cent of the global financial services market signed onto the World Trade Organization 's Financial Services Agreement ( FSA ) .
By signing the FSA , they committed to deregulate their financial markets .
For example , by signing the FSA , the U.S. agreed not to break up too big to fails .
The U.S. also promised to repeal Glass - Steagall , and did so 8 months after signing the FSA .
Indeed , in signing the FSA and other WTO agreements , the U.S. has legally bound itself as follows :
• No new regulation : The United States agreed to a “ standstill provision ” that requires that we not create new regulations ( or reverse liberalization ) for the list of financial services bound to comply with WTO rules .
Given that the United States has made broad WTO financial services commitments – and thus is forbidden by this provision from imposing new regulations in these many areas – this provision seriously limits the policy [ options ] available to address the current crisis .
• Removal of regulation :
The United States even agreed to try to even eliminate domestic financial service regulatory policies that meet GATS [ i.e. General Agreement on Trade in Services ] rules , but that may still “ adversely affect the ability of financial service suppliers of any other ( WTO ) Member to operate , compete , or enter ” the market .
• No bans on new financial service “ products ” :
The United States is also bound to ensure that foreign financial service suppliers are permitted “ to offer in its territory any new financial service , ” a direct conflict with the various proposals to limit various risky investment instruments , such as certain types of derivatives .
• Certain forms of regulation banned outright : The United States agreed that it would not set limits on the size , corporate form or other characteristics of foreign firms in the broad array of financial services it signed up to WTO strictures ...
• Treating foreign and domestic firms alike is not sufficient :
The GATS market - access limits on U.S. domestic regulation apply in absolute terms ; that is to say , even if a policy applies to domestic and foreign firms alike , if it goes beyond what WTO rules permit , it is forbidden .
And , forms of regulation not outright banned by the market - access requirements must not inadvertently “ modify the conditions of competition in favor of services or service suppliers ” of the United States , even if they apply identically to foreign and domestic firms .
In other words , the problem is n't just that Congress and the White House have sold out to the Wall Street giants .
The problem is also that the U.S. has signed WTO agreements that have given the keys to the too big to fails , and have neutered their regulators .
Even if some politicians tried to stand up to Wall Street - or even if we " throw out all of the bums " currently in political roles - the U.S. would still be locked into the WTO 's scheme for helping the financial giants to grow ever bigger and to take ever - bigger and ever - riskier gambles .
Indeed , the financial giants are pushing hard for further deregulation , demanding that the WTO's " Doha round " of agreements be signed .
On the other hand , if the American people stood up for our sovereignty and demanded that the financial giants be reined in , it would be easy to fix the WTO agreements which the U.S. has already signed .
Public Citizen notes , " as a legal matter , these problems are easy to remedy ... "
Will the American people stand up and demand that the WTO deregulatory scheme be rolled back ?
Or will we continue to let the financial giants destroy our country through buying and selling politicians ( with the help of the Supreme Court ) and forcing us into more and more draconian WTO treaties which destroy our sovereignty altogether ?
Many people assume that they just have to hang in there until things improve .
But the powers - that - be are grabbing more and more power and - unless we stand up to them - they will take it all .
As highly - regarded economist ( Michael Hudson , Distinguished Research Professor at the University of Missouri , Kansas City , who has advised the U.S. , Canadian , Mexican and Latvian governments as well as the United Nations Institute for Training and Research , and who is a former Wall Street economist at Chase Manhattan Bank who helped establish the world ’s first sovereign debt fund ) said :
" You have to realize that what they ’re trying to do is to roll back the Enlightenment , roll back the moral philosophy and social values of classical political economy and its culmination in Progressive Era legislation , as well as the New Deal institutions .
They ’re not trying to make the economy more equal , and they ’re not trying to share power .
Their greed is ( as Aristotle noted ) infinite .
So what you find to be a violation of traditional values is a re-assertion of pre-industrial , feudal values .
The economy is being set back on the road to debt peonage .
The Road to Serfdom is not government sponsorship of economic progress and rising living standards , it ’s the dismantling of government , the dissolution of regulatory agencies , to create a new feudal - type elite . "
The case against Michael Mancini was dropped A businessman who claimed he was fined by police for blowing his nose while driving has had the case against him dropped .
Michael Mancini said he had been given a fixed penalty notice after using a handkerchief while his van was stationary in traffic in Ayr .
The 39 - year - old refused to pay the £ 60 fine and the case had been expected to be heard by a court .
But prosecutors said no further action would be taken .
A spokesman for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service said : " After further enquiry and careful consideration of all the facts and circumstances of this case , the procurator fiscal has decided that no further action is required . "
I think the authorities need to learn a little bit of common sense and worry about more important things
Michael Mancini Mr Mancini , from Prestwick , told BBC Radio Scotland 's Newsdrive programme that he was " glad common sense had prevailed " .
He added : " I think the authorities need to learn a little bit of common sense and worry about more important things . "
Mr Mancini described last month how he had applied his vehicle 's handbrake before using the tissue to clear his nose .
But he claimed to have been " stunned " when he was waved over by a police officer , who told him he had not been in full control of the van .
The incident happened on 26 October at the High Street in Ayr , when Mr Mancini said he had been suffering from a heavy cold .
Mr Mancini 's solicitor wrote to the procurator fiscal last month stating that it " beggars belief " that a ticket had been issued under the circumstances .
However , the prosecutor had insisted the case would go to court if the fine was not paid .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Supriya Menon
India Business Report , BBC World News
Food prices are soaring and pay rises are struggling to keep up
Kedar Shirali feels that the Indian economy has bounced back and that things are looking up .
So the investor relations director at India 's largest software firm , Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ) , expects his salary will be raised .
" Extra money in the bank is always welcome , so this year it will be a better vacation , " he laughs .
And he is not the only one who is optimistic .
The mood in companies such as TCS is far better this year it was last year .
Rising pay Software and computer companies faced the brunt of the global economic downturn , so in 2009 few of them gave their staff pay rises .
Mr Shirali hopes his pay will rise this year
But this year , TCS says it will look at a number of options when it comes to compensation before making a decision in April .
Pay rises could be in the region of 10 % , according to TCS chief finance officer , S Mahalingham , with pay only making up one part of overall compensation packages .
Average pay is expected to rise some 10.6 % in India this year , according to consulting firm Hewitt Associates India , well ahead of China where pay is set to rise 6.7 % .
Though unlike in the past , the wage growth is being led by companies supplying domestic markets rather than firms relying on exports .
Caution urged
The pay rises may sound impressive , though with the cost of food and other prices soaring , people 's spending power may not actually be rising that fast - if at all .
Everything here has become more expensive during the last year , especially food .
The price of vegetables has more than doubled and overall food inflation for February was 17.8 % .
Manufactured goods are also getting more expensive .
Last month , India reported that headline inflation had reached 9.9 % , having increased almost seven - fold since October last year .
Price inflation is further fuelled by wage inflation , so many experts say companies should careful and not get carried away and be too generous with their pay increases .
" It 's a bit premature , " according to Dr Ganesh Shermon from KPMG , a consultancy .
" " The markets are looking better , sentiment is definitely better , people want to do all the right things , " he agrees , before cautioning that " not all the banks are lending the money , there are not as many people going out there to borrow funds " .
No improvement
But such warnings from naysayers do little to curb the enthusiasm of the many companies that say they will go ahead and raise pay for their staff .
People here are already beginning to feel the change in fortunes .
And when the money is actually paid out , it will bring smiles to people 's faces - even though the supposed pay rises do little more than keep up with inflation , ensuring people are no worse off than they were before .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Icesave 's parent bank , Landsbanki , collapsed in 2008 Talks on how Iceland will repay more than 3.8bn euros ( £ 3.3 bn ) of debt it owes to the UK and the Netherlands have broken down without agreement .
The collapse of the Iceland - based Icesave online bank in October 2008 hit savers in both countries .
The UK and Dutch governments are seeking repayments from Iceland after they compensated savers themselves .
However , the three governments have been unable to agree on revised payment terms after a week of negotiations .
" We had hoped to be able to reach a consensual resolution of this issue on improved terms , but this has not yet been possible , " said Iceland 's finance minister Steingrimur Sigfusson .
In a statement , the UK and Dutch governments said they were " very disappointed that despite all the efforts over the past year and a half , Iceland is still unable to accept our best offer on the Icesave loan " .
It added : " We have consistently supported Iceland 's economic recovery and our latest proposal built upon this , offering the Icelandic government the same interest rate as their current loan from the Nordic countries and , in addition , an offer to waive interest for the first two years amounting to 450 m euros .
" This money is still outstanding to UK and Dutch taxpayers and we remain committed to reaching a final agreement with Iceland in due course . "
Stricken economy Iceland plans to hold a referendum on the Icesave repayment on 6 March , but the government is hopeful it can reach a different deal ahead of that .
Opinion polls suggest that a majority of Icelandic voters would reject the repayment plan .
The dispute has delayed International Monetary Fund help for Iceland , which Reykjavik needs to shore up its stricken economy .
The country 's parliament voted for a referendum on the Icesave bill after President Olaf Ragnar Grimsson vetoed the repayment to the UK and the Netherlands .
Opponents say the repayment plan forces Icelandic taxpayers to pay for bankers ' mistakes .
The dispute has also overshadowed Iceland 's application to join the EU , which was submitted in July .
Iceland 's economic crisis persuaded many of its politicians that it would be better off inside the 27 - nation bloc .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This blind camera will snap a picture for you , capturing a moment in time .
It does this with no lens , no sensor and no viewfinder .
In fact , the black box consists of little more than a red button and a screen .
Point it where you like , press the " shutter " and the time of your exposure is captured .
The box , named Buttons , gets to work trawling the web for a photo taken at the exact moment you pressed your button and when it finds one ( minutes or hours later , depending on when somebody else uploads their snap ) it will display it on the box 's screen .
The guts of Buttons is a SonyEricsson K750i running custom software .
This is what records the time and communicates with a server called Blinks .
This server runs a PHP script that searches Flickr for pictures matching your data .
The big red button is from an old Agfamatic 901 camera , one of those little flat 110 pocket - cams .
Buttons is a project by artist Sascha Pohflepp , not an actual product .
I 'd love to see this hacked into an actual trick camera , though :
You could hand it to a friend who thought they were snapping pictures all day long , only when they got home , they'd have a bunch of strangers ' pictures from around the world .
It reminds me of the days when prints would get mixed up at the lab : I 'm still scarred by those photos I got of my geography teacher 's erotic cosplay .
Button , A Blind Camera [ Blinks and Buttons via Make ]
Book review :
The Greatest Show on Earth : The Evidence for Evolution
By Richard Dawkins
Free Press , N.Y. , 2009
In recent years , especially since the publication of his seminal “ The God Delusion , ” Richard Dawkins has become known , somewhat unfairly , as an anti-Christian , hate - mongering atheist .
Of course , he is one of the leading polemicists of the so - called “ New Atheists ” movement , but “ polemicist ” does not equate necessarily with “ hate monger ” or “ intolerant thug . ”
Anyone who ’s seen his slate of Channel 4 shows will know that Dawkins , even when confronted with the most outrageous or offensive ideas , will say little more than , “ Yes , I must admit that I am a bit frustrated . ”
The point that all the New Atheists make is this :
There is disagreement over religion , and between religions , so there should be discussion , and everyone should respect each other , and themselves , enough to be up for good debate .
In doing so , they ’ve given atheism a better name ( now it is the fastest growing demographic in the U.S. Census ) .
But they ’ve also helped Christians and other religious groups , who are often insultingly portrayed as closed - minded or ignorant ( something none these authors would say ) .
Dawkins and the others have given religious people the opportunity to debate their ideas in public .
Even some of the most fundamentalist religious organizations have taken up the chance for a debate , and have shown themselves to be far more thoughtful and intelligent than is the stereotype .
Much hay has been made ( including by sales - happy publishers ) about Dawkins comparing creationists to Holocaust - deniers .
While this sounds inflammatory , anyone who reads the actual passage can see that Dawkins is not making any sort of moral judgment , but a point about the nature of truth and fact .
We know that the Holocaust occurred ; there is no question about it .
It is appallingly stupid , offensive and , more to the point , irrational to deny the fact .
In the same fashion , it is just as irrational to deny evolution .
Perhaps a bold statement , but not as grave an insult to creationists as one would assume at first glance .
Such is the context for Dawkins ’s latest work , “ The Greatest Show on Earth : the Evidence for Evolution . ”
Extreme right - wing Christians have said this book is simply another example of the author ’s supposed intolerance .
Even the New York Times review accused Dawkins of getting “ his knickers in a twist ” for insisting that evolution is indeed a fact .
When Dawkins argued , in an interview with Bill O’Reilly , that “ intelligent design ” should not be taught in classrooms , O’Reilly accused an incredulous Dawkins of “ fascism . ”
All of this is exactly the reason that Dawkins felt the need to write this book , a fun and entertaining , not to mention iron - clad , argument that evolution is fact .
According to Dawkins , such a fight is necessary because “ intelligent design ” proponents “ control school boards , they home - school their children to deprive them of access to proper science teachers , and they include many members of the United States Congress … ”
Imagine , he suggests , that you are a teacher of Roman and Greek history .
But instead of being able to take your time talking about the contributions of those two empires , and their influence on modern states , you have to take up limited classroom time defending the notion that the ancient Romans and Greeks even existed , that Latin was n’t invented at some point during the Victorian period .
This , Dawkins says , is the situation in which many biology teachers find themselves today .
Though known now as an outspoken atheist , Dawkins makes clear that , in this book , his argument is not with religion .
In fact , he makes the point that the archbishop of Canterbury ( the prelate of England ’s state - sponsored religion ) , the pope , most mainstream Christian organizations , as well as Jews and Muslims , all accept the fact of evolution .
In the book , he calls upon the leaders of all these groups to use their power to help advance real , scientific education .
It ’s part of a basic , democratic education .
Perhaps some Catholics may disagree with Dawkins as to why evolution occurred – maybe God directed it , maybe there was no guidance given – but surely there can be unity around the fact that it did occur , and it occurred the way Darwin described more than a century ago .
Evolution is a fact .
And that scientific fact , the information that we know , is what should be taught in science classrooms .
Leave the rest to philosophy and theology classes .
Dawkins spends a good deal of time discussing the meaning of the word “ theory , ” and how preposterous it is to say evolution is “ just a theory . ”
If you ’re prepared to say that evolution is “ just a theory , ” then you ’d better be prepared to say the same about gravity .
There are two definitions of theory : one is roughly equivalent to “ hypothesis ; ” the other is “ a proven hypothesis , a system of ideas … a statement of what are held to be general laws , principles or causes of something known or observed . ”
Obviously , evolution falls into the latter definition .
Dawkins takes the reader along for a fun ride as he shows the preposterousness of the idea of some “ missing link , ” or why , out of all the fossils that have been found , the discovery of one single fossil in the wrong place - his example is that of a rabbit fossil in Precambrian rock - would completely disprove evolution .
Dawkins ’ wry , tongue - in - cheek , but also entirely serious , description of certain absurdities in the development of mammals as an argument against “ design ” leave the reader laughing as well as enlightened .
Anyone with a thirst for good writing would do well to read “ Greatest Show . ”
Dawkins himself , in a footnote description of another writer , sums it up the best :
“ It is the kind of writing that makes me want to rush out into the street to share with somebody - anybody – because it is too good to keep to oneself . ”
Photo : Richard Dawkins ( picasaweb.google.com/lh/photo/CaNfTfbvYz3rwnxGM9a-hQ
Creative Commons license )
Your votes have been counted , and your decision is clear .
The OnePlus One is your pick for the best smartphone .
As it made its way through the bracket this year , it took down the Apple iPhone 6 , the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the HTC One M9 .
The final battle with the Microsoft Lumia 640 XL brought in thousands more votes than any other match - up , and the OnePlus One took 75 percent of those votes .
MORE : OnePlus One Full Review
This unlocked smartphone has n't just earned your respect , it 's also earned awards from the tech industry , including our Editors ' Choice award .
In our review of the phone we appreciated its crisp display , sharp camera and affordable $ 300 price tag .
But the epic battery life of 13 hours and 16 minutes is truly remarkable .
After all , the smartphone average is just 8 hours and 39 minutes .
Yesterday ( April 6 ) , OnePlus rolled out its Android - based OxygenOS for the One handset .
The update replaces the original Cyanogen OS and brings Android 5.0 Lollipop to the device .
New features include gesture controls , such as double - tap to wake or drawing an O on the screen to start the camera .
It also adds customizable lockscreen wallpapers and a reorganized quick settings menu .
In order to get the new OS , you 'll need to follow some pretty detailed instructions on the company 's site .
It involves backing up your device , downloading two files to your Mac or PC , performing a factory reset in recovery mode and installing the new OS .
Currently the only way to buy the OnePlus One is to get an invite from a friend who already owns one .
Or , each Tuesday , the company sells its phone for 24 hours , beginning at 8 a.m. GMT .
Will you be logging in to buy one ?
Anna Attkisson is the managing editor at Tom's Guide and Laptop Mag. Follow Anna Attkisson @akattkisson .
Follow us @TomsGuide , on Facebook .
Is there enough evidence to indict Ben Bernanke and Alan Greenspan on charges that they aided and abetted the banks and other financial institutions in the sale of fraudulent loans to investors ?
That depends on whether there is sufficient proof to show whether the two men KNEW that the nation 's lenders were engaged in large - scale predatory lending and chose to do nothing .
As we 'll see , both Greenspan and Bernanke were warned repeatedly about the mortgage / derivatives scam by credible professionals and industry regulators , but failed to act .
Here 's a definition of " aided and abetted " from the ' Lectric Law Library :
" The guilt of a person in a criminal case may be proved without evidence that he personally did every act involved in the commission of the crime charged .
... if the acts or conduct of an agent , employee or other associate of the person are willfully directed or authorized by the person , or if the person aids and abets another person by willfully joining together with that person in the commission of a crime , then the law holds the person responsible for the conduct of that other person just as though the person had engaged in such conduct himself . "
Bernanke denies culpability in the meltdown -- but at the same time -- eagerly points out that the Federal Reserve is the chief regulator responsible for overseeing the " large complex financial firms that pose a threat to the stability of the financial system . "
So , which is it ?
Does he accept responsibility or not ?
Here is a statement Bernanke made earlier in the week during an appearance before the Senate Banking Committee which may help to clarify the point .
“ I think that stripping the Federal Reserve of supervisory authorities in the light of the recent crisis would be a grave mistake ... we ’ve learned from the crisis large complex financial firms that pose a threat to the stability of the financial system need strong consolidated supervision ....
You need an institution that has a breadth of skills .
It ’s hard for me to understand why in the face of a crisis that was so complex and covered so many markets and institutions , you would want to take out of the regulatory system the one institution that has the full breadth and range of those skills to address those issues . ”
Bernanke admits that the Fed is the ' primary regulator ' that is responsible for " strong consolidated supervision " over " large complex financial firms that pose a threat to the stability . "
Fine .
If we accept his definition , than we must also accept that the Fed needs to be held accountable when it clearly abuses its authority and puts the system at risk .
The record will show that , at the very least , the Fed is guilty of criminal negligence for its role in facilitating the sale of fraudulent loans to homeowners and investors .
The Fed consistently refused to use its authority to reign in the banks even when their activities pushed the system towards catastrophe .
I have put together a short list of the regulators and agencies that warned Bernanke and Greenspan prior to the Lehman meltdown .
( There 's bound to be many I have missed )
But , first , here is a brief summary of what caused the crisis by economist and author James K. Galbraith in a recent interview on New deal 2.0 :
" The principal cause of the crisis was the dismantling of the system of regulation and supervision in the financial sector which had for much of the post - war period kept the most dangerous elements of that sector in check .
In the absence of an appropriate system of effective supervision and regulation , what happens is that the actors in the system , who are intent upon taking the greatest degree of risk — including actors who are intent upon using fraudulent methods to increase their returns — come to dominate parts of the system .
As they do that , the general methods of assessing performance in the market , specifically stock - market valuations , become counter - productive .
That is to say , they invariably reward the worst actors , while they force more traditional actors , who are still respecting the old norms of conduct , into a competitively disadvantaged position .
Thus the bad actors , the fraudulent actors , and the speculative extremists quickly take over .
That is what happened specifically in the origination of mortgages in the United States in the middle part of the last decade .
You had a transition from a traditional method of issuing mortgages to people who could be reasonably expected to service them , to a method of originating mortgages that were sold off immediately , that were rated in a way that permitted them to be bundled and sold to fiduciaries , and where the issuer had no interest in whether the borrowers could pay or not .
In fact , in some ways the lenders actively preferred people who did not intend to pay , because they could then inflate the value of the loan and earn a larger fee upfront for doing it .
And in this way , not only was there a large segment of the market that was explicitly corrupt , but the equity value of homes all across the country was compromised .
When these practices collapsed , so too did the home values not only of people who had bad mortgages , but also those for many people who had good mortgages , good incomes and perfectly good credit .
The result of that was a general slump in activity .
The wealth and financial security of much of the American middle class disappeared .
So far about a quarter of the measured wealth of the American middle class has disappeared - about $ 15 trillion of $ 60 trillion .
That ’s bound to have a fantastically traumatic effect on people ’s consumption behavior and on their ability to get new good credit .
Even if they wish to continue to extend the past pattern of borrowing in order to finance activity , they ca n’t do it .
So , this is a very big problem .
It starts with a failure to supervise and regulate the financial system , and flows on to the reaction of the broader population , which is to protect their remaining assets , to become extremely adverse to taking ordinary business and consumer risks . "
http://www.newdeal20.org/?p=7981
So , Galbraith believes that the main problem was " the dismantling of the system of regulation and supervision " over the last quarter century .
This view is now widely held ; that deregulation played a bigger part in the crisis than the Fed 's low interest rates .
The problem with this theory is that it tends to obscure the fact that the Fed STILL had the authority to step in and prevent people from getting ripped - off .
Thus , " deregulation " was not the problem as much as " failure to regulate " .
( which Galbraith also notes )
This is an important distinction .
The financial crisis was not caused by a system malfunction ; it was caused by men perpetrating a crime .
Bernanke and Greenspan had a birds - eye view of everything that was going on in the market , that is , mortgage origination , off - balance sheet operations and securitization .
They knew that homes were being sold to applicants who had no way of servicing the debt .
They knew that hybrid mortgages were developed with the clear intention of increasing the quantity of mortgages without regard for the creditworthiness of the borrower .
They knew that the lenders did n't care whether the loans blew up or not since they made their profits on upfront fees .
They knew it all , and refused to act .
As it happens , many other people knew what was going on , too , but either kept quiet or were ignored by the media .
Even now , when we have a much better understanding of what really took place , the media still presents the crisis as if it was a natural disaster -- like an earthquake -- that no one could have anticipated or prevented .
This is nonsense .
The housing bubble was 100 % man-made .
The Fed could have taken action at any time to stop the bubble from getting bigger but , instead , became the biggest cheerleader for dodgy loans and garbage mortgage - backed securities .
The media has succeeded in concealing the facts and deflecting the blame .
As former bank regulator Bill Black said in a recent interview with Paul Solman on PBS News Hour , what is shocking about this particular crisis is the appalling lack of accountability .
ZERO INDICTMENTS , ZERO CONVICTIONS
William Black : " In the savings and loan crisis ... we had over 1,000 convictions of senior insiders ....
At this stage among the subprime lending specialists , we have zero convictions .
We have zero indictments . " ...
" In September 2004 , the FBI began publicly warning that there was an " epidemic " of mortgage fraud , and it predicted that it would produce an economic crisis , if it were not dealt with .
The FBI has also said that 80 percent of the mortgage fraud losses occur when lender personnel are involved .
So , Fitch looks at a small sample of these loans , finally , in November 2007 ....
And what did they find ?
They said ... that there was the appearance of fraud in nearly every file we examined .
And they said that normal underwriting would have detected all of those frauds .
So , this is coming from the lenders overwhelmingly .
They created incentive systems for the loan brokers and the loan officers that were based overwhelmingly on volume , and nothing on quality .
We know that they gutted their underwriting standards .
We know that you got in trouble if you were moral and tried to be a good officer and protect the organization from loss . "
( PBS News Hour )
Repeat :
The FBI KNEW there was an " epidemic " of mortgage fraud as early as 2004 .
Ergo : The Fed knew .
Greenspan knew .
Bernanke knew .
And both chose not to perform their regulatory duties to stop the swindle from continuing .
And the FBI was n't the only one who knew either .
In testimony just last month before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission ( Jan 14 , 2010 ) FDIC chairman Sheila Bair confirmed that she not only warned the Fed of what was going on , but cited particular regulations under which the Fed could stop the " unfair , abusive and deceptive practices " by the banks .
Here is a excerpt from her damning testimony :
" PROBLEMS IN THE SUBPRIME MORTGAGE MARKET WERE IDENTIFIED WELL BEFORE MANY OF THE ABUSIVE MORTGAGE LOANS WERE MADE .
A joint report issued in 2000 by HUD and the Department of the Treasury entitled Curbing Predatory Home Mortgage Lending noted that a very limited number of borrowers benefit from HOEPA 's protections because of the high thresholds that a loan must exceed in order for the protections to apply .
THE REPORT ALSO FOUND THAT CERTAIN TYPES OF SUBPRIME LOANS APPEAR TO BE HARMFUL OR ABUSIVE IN PRACTICALLY ALL CASES .
To address these issues , THE REPORT MADE A NUMBER OF RECOMMENDATIONS INCLUDING THAT THE FEDERAL RESERVE USE ITS HOEPA AUTHORITY TO PROHIBIT CERTAIN UNFAIR DECEPTIVE AND ABUSIVE PRACTICES BY LENDERS AND THIRD PARTIES .
During hearings held in 2000 , consumer groups urged the Federal Reserve to use its HOEPA rulemaking authority to address concerns about predatory lending .
Both the House and Senate held hearings on predatory abuses in the subprime market in May 2000 and July 2001 , respectively .... "
Naturally , Bair 's testimony was ignored by the media .
So , the FBI knew , the FDIC knew , Fitch ratings knew , the Fed and Treasury knew .
Was their anyone else who warned Greenspan and Bernanke about what was going on ?
Yes , ex-Fed chairman Alan Greenspan 's good friend Ed Gramlich cautioned him on the surge in predatory lending that was apparent as early as 2000 .
Here 's an excerpt from the Wall Street Journal :
“ Edward Gramlich , who was Fed governor from 1997 to 2005 , said he proposed to Mr. Greenspan in or around 2000 , when predatory lending was a growing concern , that the Fed use its discretionary authority to send examiners into the offices of consumer - finance lenders that were units of Fed - regulated bank holding companies .
" I would have liked the Fed to be a leader " in cracking down on predatory lending , Mr. Gramlich , now a scholar at the Urban Institute , said in an interview this past week .
Knowing it would be controversial with Mr. Greenspan , whose deregulatory philosophy is well known , Mr. Gramlich broached it to him personally rather than take it to the full board .
" He was opposed to it , so I did n't really pursue it , " says Mr. Gramlich .
( Wall Street Journal )
So , Greenspan was even warned by a close friend and fellow Fed governor and STILL refused to act ?
And Congress still has n't launched an investigation ?
And , then there is this from Elizabeth MacDonald at Fox News in an article titled " Housing Red flags Ignored " :
" One of the nation ’s biggest mortgage industry players repeatedly warned the Federal Reserve , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . and other bank regulators during the housing bubble that the U.S. faced an imminent housing crash ....
But bank regulators not only ignored the group 's warnings , top
Fed officials also went on the airwaves to say the economy was " building on a sturdy foundation " and a housing crash was " unlikely . "
The letters , obtained by Fox Business , were sent in 2005 and 2006 before the housing bubble burst .
As it pleaded with bank regulators to stop subprime lending abuses , the Mortgage Insurance Companies of America [ MICA ] pointed out the red flags in analysis from the bank regulators ' own staffers as well as the likes of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , three years before these two Wall Street giants collapsed under the weight of bad mortgage bets .
Mortgage insurers are “ deeply concerned about increased mortgage market fragility , which , combined with growing bank portfolios in high - risk products , pose serious potential problems that could occur with dramatic suddenness , ” warned Suzanne Hutchinson , top executive at the Mortgage Insurance Companies of America , in 2005 .
Failure to adjust bank underwriting , reserves and capital to account for this growing risk “ means that downturns from credit and / or interest rate events–let alone shocks –will be far more severe than ” if precautions are taken , Hutchinson noted , adding that what is “ disturbing to us is the fact that recent trends could lead to sudden increases in foreclosures . ” ( Elizabeth MacDonald , " Housing Red flags Ignored " , FOX Business News )
Even the mortgage insurance companies knew what was going on .
Everyone knew .
The biggest mortgage - looting operation in history , and no one even bothered to cover their tracks .
What incredible arrogance .
Finally , there 's this tidbit ; an op - ed published in the Washington Post in 2008 by former New York governor Eliot Spitzer who accused the Bush Administration of being a ‘ partner in crime ’ in the subprime mortgage fiasco .
Spitzer avers that the OCC launched “ an unprecedented assault on state legislatures , as well as on state attorneys general and anyone else on the side of consumers . ”
Here 's a clip from Spitzer 's article :
" In 2003 , during the height of the predatory lending crisis , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) invoked a clause from the 1863 National Bank Act to issue formal opinions preempting all state predatory lending laws , thereby rendering them inoperative .
The OCC also promulgated new rules that prevented states from enforcing any of their own consumer protection laws against national banks .
The federal government ’s actions were so egregious and so unprecedented that all 50 state attorneys general , and all 50 state banking superintendents , actively fought the new rules .
But the unanimous opposition of the 50 states did not deter , or even slow , the Bush administration in its goal of protecting the banks .
In fact , when my office opened an investigation of possible discrimination in mortgage lending by a number of banks , the OCC filed a federal lawsuit to stop the investigation . " ( Washington Post )
Is there any doubt that the Fed knew exactly what the Bush administration was up to ?
Is there any doubt that the OCC 's actions resulted in tens of thousands -- if not millions -- of homeowners losing their homes to foreclosure ?
There 's no doubt at all .
People were getting fleeced in broad daylight .
As the primary regulator responsible for overseeing the financial system an preventing " unfair , abusive and deceptive practices " , the Fed could have intervened at any time and stopped the predatory lending and exploitation .
Instead , they sat on their hands and let the larceny to continue .
Greenspan and Bernanke are either criminally negligent in executing their regulatory duties or complicit in aiding and abetting the banks and other financial institutions in the sale of fraudulent loans to investors and homeowners .
Which is it ?
There needs to be an investigation to find out .
_______
plantman
About author Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Kindle edition .
He can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com
Ever since 1872 , when professor Horace Wilson explained the game of baseball to his students at Kaisei Gakko ( now Tokyo University ) , the Japanese have been obsessed with the American pastime .
Americans have been familiar with some aspects of baseball in Japan , but generally that knowledge was limited to home run leader Sadaharu Oh and Japanese baseball ’s attempt to preserve
Oh ’s home run record at the expense of former MLB players .
However , Hideo Nomo , Ichiro , and the fact that Japan has won both World Baseball Classics have given more thoughtful attention to baseball in the Far East .
What exactly is Japanese baseball ?
Well . . . it ’s baseball , although on a somewhat smaller scale than Major League Baseball : Smaller ball , smaller strike zone , and smaller field .
Major corporations own each team , which is reflected in the teams ’ names : Yomiuri Giants ( large national newspaper ) , Seibu Lions ( department store / railway conglomerate ) , etc .
Only one team , the Yokohama BayStars , does not use its corporate owner ’s name .
There are two leagues in Nippon Professional Baseball – the Central and Pacific – and each have six teams .
As in MLB , one league – the Pacific – employs the DH .
Each team has only one minor league team , a situation Bobby Valentine protested during his tenure as manager of the Chiba Lotte Marines .
“ It ’s impossible to play , ” Bobby V. said during a January talk at the Japan Society in New York , “ Simple addition tells you your major league team as 25 , the rest are on one team . . .
It ’s impossible for the players to play to develop . . . with those other 55 players , sometimes 50 players on one team . ”
The major leaguers ( called ichi gun in Japanese ) play a 144 - game season , as opposed to the 162 games played in MLB .
Ties are allowed in Japanese baseball ; a game is considered over , regardless of the score , at the end of 12 innings .
NPB reasons that trains in Japan stop running at midnight , which could leave more than a few fans stranded .
While the same basic rules of baseball are observed by both MLB and NPB , the style of play is somewhat different .
In Japan you ’ll see more fundamental baseball because managers there subscribe to the theory that if you score first , you ’re more likely to win .
It ’s important for them to get a man on in the first inning , move him over by bunting or with a hit - and - run play , and score him with a single rather than a thunderous home run .
Another interesting difference between Japanese baseball and our brand of baseball concerns makeup days for rainouts .
When a postponement is inevitable due to nasty weather conditions , MLB teams look at their schedules and squeeze in a makeup game on a day both teams have free .
Not so in Japan .
NPB teams play makeup games after the regular season ends and before the playoffs ( known as the Climax Series ) begin .
So let ’s talk about the playoffs .
The name “ Climax Series ” may sound a little odd to us , but it ’s all about marketing .
According to Wayne Graczyk , an American who has lived in Japan and covered the Yomiuri Giants for thirty years , NPB wanted to give the series a catchy title .
Catchy titles aside , the other strange thing about the Climax Series is that the first place team receives a one - game advantage and home field advantage to start the series , meaning the first place team has a 1 - 0 record before the best - of - three series even begins .
The same holds true for the Japan Series , which pits the winner of the Climax Series against the division winners , who also receive a one - game lead before the best - of - five series .
NPB developed this structure to reward the division winners with every possible chance to win the Japan Series .
With those exceptions , it ’s essentially the same game played by the same rules , but there is a passion and spirit of dedication – on the part of both the players and the fans – that is hard to match anywhere else in the world .
The game is entertaining , but the best part about the Japanese version is the atmosphere , which ca n’t be described in just a few words .
So , next month I ’ll talk about Japanese stadiums , ballpark food , and the fans .
First , here is the player we are discussing , or at least your average version :
Although if you are here , you probably do n't see the n ...
Disponemos de todo tipo de Máquinas Recreativas y de azar para adaptarnos a su negocio con todas las marcas y modelos del mercado .
We recently asked readers for requests on new articles you ’d like to see ( and thanks for all the great ideas ! ) .
One such request was a beginner ’s guide to Arch Linux .
As a Linux distro addict , I ’ve heard of Arch many times over the years but for some reason , I ’d never actually given it a shot .
In particular , one aspect that ’s always interested me has been Arch ’s homegrown package management system , pacman .
Today we ’ll be finding out what Arch is all about , how to use it , and what makes it special .
About Arch
Arch does not come as a complete , all - in - one pre-built shiny desktop OS .
This is on purpose .
The idea behind Arch is that upon installation , you ’ve got a fast , light , minimal OS to use as the base to make your own shiny desktop .
If you do n’t like the idea of putting together your own version of what Linux should be like , then Arch may not be for you .
Installation
The Arch website provides torrent links here .
The FTP ISO is the “ netinstall ” version , where packages are downloaded as needed during the install .
The Core ISOs include the core packages on the disc , so that you can complete an install without a working internet connection .
Download whichever you like , and burn to CD to begin the install .
I ’ll be using the FTP ISO for this article .
That ’s the recommended method , as it will download the newest available versions of all packages , instead of installing old ones from the CD which must be upgraded later .
Once you boot the CD , you can begin the installation process by entering
at the command prompt .
You ’ll be taken to a text - based installer .
Most of the installer should be fairly easy to navigate for an experienced Linux user ( Arch ’s target audience , and therefore the target audience of this article ) so I wo n’t cover the installation in much detail .
The Arch website offers a comprehensive install guide that you can use if you run into any trouble .
I will , however , include some screenshots of the installer so you can see what you ’re getting in to .
Package Management
Once the install is complete , it ’s likely the first thing you ’ll want to do is install some new packages ( like Xorg and a desktop environment ) .
First , let ’s make sure pacman is aware of all the available packages .
By default , it will use whatever mirror you chose during installation .
To tell pacman to refresh that list , enter
If you have any problems with that , try changing the mirror by editing /etc / pacman.d/mirrorlist .
Comment out your current mirror and choose another from your region .
Make sure that you see extra in the sync .
That ’s where you ’ll find many of your common packages .
If all went well , you ’re ready to install some packages .
The command to do that is
Here ’s an example of pacman installing my favorite window manager , Window Maker .
Some common pacman options include ..
System Config
Before starting X , there are a few things left to take care of .
You may have noticed that the install never called for a non -root user to be created .
Now ’s a good time to create that user manually , and install some other useful apps like sudo .
There are a few packages you ’ll probably want to install before starting X .
xf86-input- keyboard
xf86-input-mouse
hwdetect
x f86 - video -( your video card type )
Finally , generate an X.org config by running
and copy the resulting config to /etc/X11/xorg.conf .
Also , it ’s quite possible that you ’ll need to tell X to load your desktop of choice by entering that executable into your new user ’s .xinitrc file .
On mine , for example , I had to include
Optional
Arch has a tool called hwd that does a great job of detecting hardware and configuring X .
It ’s part of a group of packages called AUR , which are unofficial and created by users .
Unfortunately , getting AUR packages set up can be a rather complicated process .
There ’s a useful tool called aurbuild that makes the process much simpler , but that too is also an AUR package itself , so it ’s kind of a chicken - and - egg situation .
I ’ll list out the process for acquiring aurbuild as well as I can here , but I make no promises as to whether or not it will work .
If I ’ve missed any steps , please let me know in the comments and I ’ll update this section .
Conclusion
It ’s hard to come up with an opinion about Arch , since Arch is what you make of it .
I like that it gives so much control to the user when it comes to system configuration , but at times it feels like a little too much control .
There are a few things that make you think “ come on , does this HAVE to be manual ? ” but the developers are clearly just trying to follow the Arch philosophy of giving the user all the control .
In particular , it would be nice to have tools like hwd and aurbuild as part of the system , or at least available for installation through pacman .
That may happen at some point as packages in AUR have a chance to be worked into the community repo eventually .
Overall I think I like Arch and pacman , and I can see how it would make a great choice for systems that should be kept fast and clean .
Tits and Apps
So with this whole thing where Apple has removed and banned like 5,000 “ sexy apps ” from the App Store , I think I ’ve figured out the reason why , including why they ’re granting exceptions to established names like Sports Illustrated , Playboy , and Victoria ’s Secret .
It ’s about branding .
Let me just state right here up front that I do n’t agree with or like how they ’re doing this .
I ’m just trying to make sense of it .
It ’s easier , though , to first run through what this is not about .
I ’ve seen a lot of speculation that the exceptions are about money .
I.e. that Apple wanted to ban the sexy apps but left the big - name ones in because they do n’t want to lose their 30 percent cut of the money these apps generate .
That does n’t hold water , though — a slew of apps that have been banned were top sellers , established brand names or not .
If it were just about revenue , Apple would have left them all in the store .
Henry Blodget speculates that the established brand - name exceptions are about setting up deals for iPad apps from the companies behind them .
But that ’s just a variation on the “ it ’s about the money ” argument .
Again , if Apple ’s interest here was about money , they would n’t be banning any of these apps in the first place .
Apple is not going to be hard up for iPad apps and content .
If anything , I suspect the problem with iPad apps will be just like that with iPhone apps — too many of them , not too few .
1
Another iPad-related theory — suggested by several DF readers via email — is that it ’s about the education market .
The idea being that Apple wants to sell iPads to schools and therefore wants anything even remotely objectionable out of the App Store .
But institutional iPads will be managed devices , just like “ enterprise ” iPhones are today .
Students using a school - owned iPad wo n’t be able to install apps from the App Store , so it does n’t really matter which apps are for sale .
Lastly , if you think about it , it ’s clearly not about banning porno and bikini - clad - semi - porno from the iPhone entirely .
MG Siegler writes :
Apple is going through all this trouble of removing these apps , and creating more work in scanning for the next sexy apps to reject , when built into every iPhone and iPod touch is not one , but two huge entry points for explicit material — and both are apps made by Apple themselves .
The first , I alluded to above : iTunes .
There are no shortage of films and TV shows with nudity and sexual content ( along with violence and everything else ) that are available on iTunes for purchase on the device .
The same is true for explicit music .
But the second app is far worse : Safari .
Each iPhone and iPod touch has a web browser that is more than capable of accessing any site on the web with a few clicks .
This includes sites with hardcore pornography , or anything else a teenage kid can dream up .
Apple is going through all this trouble to block sexy apps ( which have never contained nudity , by the way , just sexy pictures ) , when they offer one of their own that makes it much easier to find far more sinister content .
Siegler is correct that MobileSafari is completely open to anything and everything published on the web .
But he draws the wrong conclusion .
Apple is n’t futilely trying to ban this sort of content from the iPhone .
They ’re just removing it from the App Store .
Think about a physical world analogy to the retail Apple Stores .
There ’s all sorts of software ( and hardware ) you can buy and install for Macs that Apple would never sell in their stores .
The purest representation of the Apple brand is Apple ’s own remarkably small ( for a company of its size ) lineup of products .
Retail Apple Stores ( and Apple ’s web store ) are a slightly expanded representation of its brand — they sell many third - party products , but they are carefully selected by Apple itself .
The App Store is looser .
The vast majority of the 150,000 + available titles would not be there if Apple were managing the App Store the way they manage their retail stores .
It ’s good that it ’s looser .
It almost has to be .
( It ’s pretty hard to find people complaining that Apple allows too many titles into the App Store . )
But , still , Apple sees the App Store as an extension of the Apple brand .
That ’s why flat - out pornography has never been and never will be allowed .
You can walk into a Barnes and Noble and buy a copy of Maxim , but you wo n’t find a copy of Hustler .
Not because Hustler would n’t sell , but because selling pornography goes against the Barnes and Noble brand .
I think what Apple was getting squeamish about was n’t the sexy apps themselves , but the cheesiness that the sexy apps ( and their prominence in best selling lists ) was bestowing upon the general feel and vibe of the App Store .
One thing I was n’t aware of before the recent crackdown was the degree to which these apps were seeping into various non-entertainment categories .
E.g. , like half the “ new ” apps in the “ productivity ” category featured imagery of large - breasted bikini - clad women .
The App Store is never going to be like Apple ’s retail stores , and Apple knows it .
Apple ’s retail stores , branding - wise , convey an image sort of like between the Gap and Banana Republic — friendly premium .
The App Store is more Old Navy , or maybe even Target .
But these sexy apps were casting the App Store into something junkier , bordering on the skeevy .
What iPhone users choose to access through MobileSafari does n’t reflect on Apple .
But what is listed in the App Store does reflect on Apple .
What you see when you peruse the App Store effectively is the App Store .
So what I see as hypocritical about Apple ’s decision here is not about the fact that you can access the same sort of content via MobileSafari , but rather about the exceptions granted to Sports Illustrated , etc .
I see why : Sports Illustrated , Victoria ’s Secret , and Playboy are not just strong brands but also quality brands .
But who ’s to say some new brand could n’t be just as good ?
The best apps in all sorts of categories across the board in the App Store are frequently from new companies , building new brands .
It ’s no more fair for the “ hot chicks in bikinis ” category to be occupied solely by existing major brands like Sports Illustrated / Victoria ’s Secret / Playboy than it would be if the , say , photo manipulation category were occupied solely by Adobe and Corel , or if games were only allowed from companies like EA .
If Apple ’s going to allow any of these apps , they ought to allow all of them .
They should be evaluated by content , not by the names submitting them .
If Apple does n’t want these apps boogering up the best - seller lists in various categories across the App Store , they should assign them all to a single category .
( Tough job : finding a name for that category . )
The other thing that bothers me , and ought to bother Apple , is the obvious capriciousness with which these apps were removed .
These apps were allowed for about a year and a half .
Some developers were prospering by them .
And then , boom , they were gone .
The reason Apple ought to be concerned about this is that it unsettles all developers — even those whose apps and ideas for future apps were nowhere along the lines of girls - in - bikinis .
What developers see here is n’t Apple managing its own brand .
What developers see is that the App Store is a shaky foundation upon which to build a business .
One day you ’re prospering , the next day your app is gone .
There are awesome iPhone OS apps that are n’t being built because developers do n’t trust Apple not to yank the carpet out from underneath them .
Apple sees the App Store as an aspect of its brand .
Developers see the App Store as the entirety of the Cocoa Touch platform .
This is a significant conflict .
Developers , if rejected from the App Store , can freely deliver whatever content they choose through MobileSafari — but you ca n’t reuse compiled Cocoa Touch apps that way .
The work invested in a native app can only be recouped through the App Store .
It ’s entrepreneurism to be willing to take your chances in the market .
It ’s healthy skepticism to worry about being locked out of the market after you ’ve already invested heavily in building your product .
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
‘ Cyborg ’ Defends
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Cyborg defended her crown .
Herschel Walker Wins MMA Debut
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Walker outclassed Nagy .
Battered Lawler Gets KO
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Lawler rallied to win .
Lashley Runs Through Sims
Dave Mandel / Sherdog.com
Lashley vs. Sims .
SUNRISE , Fla . --
Nick Diaz captured the vacant Strikeforce welterweight championship in dramatic fashion Saturday at the BankAtlantic Center in the Strikeforce “ Miami ” main event , which drew 8,156 attendees , according to the promotion .
He rose from an early knockdown and stopped Lithuanian striker Marius Zaromskis with a short right hook in the Strikeforce “ Miami ” main event .
Zaromskis , the reigning Dream champion , succumbed 4:38 into round one , as Diaz posted his sixth consecutive victory .
Diaz used his length to keep Zaromskis on the end of his punches but found himself on the wrong end of a clubbing right hand that put him on his seat midway through the first frame .
Diaz avoided any of the significant follow - up shots Zaromskis lobbed his way and methodically worked his way back into the fight .
The tide began to turn in Diaz ’s favor when he started going to the body of his fading opponent .
The frenetic pace and digging body shots had Zaromskis teetering on the edge of exhaustion .
Any hope he had vanished when Diaz planted him with the right hand .
Strikeforce women ’s lightweight champion Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos stopped a game but overmatched Marloes Coenen in the third round of their title match , as she defended her crown for the first time .
Cyborg was in command throughout the bout , stopping all of her opponent ’s takedowns and negating her perceived grappling advantage .
Coenen told reporters she would be more than happy to stand and trade with the champion , and she lived up to her promise .
She delivered a number of clean , crisp punches , including a number of lead left hands , but Cyborg walked right through them .
The difference in physicality and punching power was the deciding factor in the fight .
Cyborg employed a powerful striking game , on the feet and on the ground , and eventually wore down Coenen .
The end came in at 3:40 the third round when Cyborg took up dominant position after a weary Coenen pulled guard .
She pounded away with punches until referee Jorge Ortiz rescued the Dutch fighter .
“ I ’m very happy , ” Santos said .
“ I prepared myself very much .
I trained a lot .
” Cyborg admitted Coenen was probably her toughest test to date .
“ She has a lot of game in her , ” Santos said .
“ She has a lot of techniques , and she ’s got a great heart .
” In his professional MMA debut , former NFL and college football star Herschel Walker controlled Greg Nagy and took home a third - round technical knockout victory by strikes .
Walker displayed an unorthodox striking style , standing upright and shimmying as he looked for an opening .
It would not matter much because the 1982 Heisman Trophy winner from Georgia repeatedly took the fight to the ground , where he was clearly more comfortable .
Using a front headlock to wrangle Nagy , Walker transitioned from North - South to side control and to the back mount at will , punching his opponent at every opening .
At 47 years of age , Walker showed an impressive fitness level as he outworked his much younger opponent and eventually wore him out .
Nagy tried to work his ground game , but , ultimately , he could not keep up and seemed to give up near the end of the second round .
Referee Troy
Waugh seemed to be contemplating stopping the bout late in the frame , as Walker pounded away at Nagy from back control .
The third round was a near replica of the first two .
Walker scored with the takedown , a slam from the clinch and took Nagy ’s back .
From there , he punched his way to the stoppage while Nagy offered little resistance .
The end came 2:17 into the final round .
“ This was very tough , ” Walker said .
“ This is the hardest thing I ’ve ever done .
” Walker indicated he would allow his American Kickboxing Academy trainers to determine whether or not he would fight again .
“ I ’ve got to come back and train , ” Walker said .
“ They ’ve got to make that decision for me . ”
Robbie Lawler rescued a spectacular victory from what looked like impending doom when he knocked out Melvin Manhoef with a blistering overhand right that froze the Dutchman and sent him tumbling to the canvas .
Lawler , who was on the receiving end of a vicious leg attack , did not muster a single meaningful shot until the fight - changing punch .
It appeared as if he was going to be outclassed .
Manhoef stalked him around the cage and repeatedly sent him pirouetting away after each successive kick to his lead right leg .
Manhoef , known for his explosive striking game , landed at will and had Lawler on the run when , in an instant , the fight was over .
Lawler , backing away and covering up , exploded with the powerful right that scrambled Manhoef .
Once he hit the ground , Lawler made sure he would not get back up , as he landed a pair of punches , a left followed by a right .
“ This guy ’s a killer , ” Lawler said .
“ He was coming after me .
I kept my hands up , and I knew I was going to catch him .
I just did n’t want to get overextended .
I knew I ’d have a chance to catch him .
His hands seemed to drop once he goes to finish guys , and that ’s what I wanted to wait for .
” The stoppage came 3:33 into the first round and seemingly puts Lawler in line for another shot at the Strikeforce middleweight title .
“ I ’m going to take this win , ” Lawler said .
“ I ’m going to run with it , rest my leg .
He was kicking the crap out of my leg .
We ’ll see what happens . ”
Bobby Lashley dominated an overmatched Wes Sims , stopping him via strikes midway through the first round of their heavyweight showdown .
Lashley easily took the fight to the ground , where he controlled Sims and battered him with punches from within the big man ’s guard .
After a rapid - fire series of right hands forced Sims to turn his back , Lashley finished the job by flattening him out and pounding away until referee Troy Waugh saw fit to end the carnage 2:06 into the first round .
Sims , always the entertainer , had tried to goad Lashley , who also works as a professional wrestler , into a World Wrestling Entertainment - style clinch to start the match .
Lashley refused to engage and took Sims right to the mat as soon as he could .
“ Anytime you go in there and you come out victorious , ” Lashley said , “ you have to be satisfied . ”
The truth about multiple litigant Mrs Pratt - the high priestess of victimhood
Christine Pratt is a habitual whistleblower .
In the past 15 years , she 's sued two multinationals , claiming hundreds of thousands in compensation for alleged discrimination .
On a more mundane level , there have been spats with her local council over a footpath and garden bordering her house .
Whistleblower : Christine Pratt is at the centre of the controversy surrounding bullying claims from Downing Street staff
But the shrillest and most attention - grabbing peep from her well - worn pipe came at the weekend .
As founder of a hitherto obscure charity , the National Bullying Helpline , she claimed it had been contacted by ' three or four ' of Gordon Brown 's office staff who , she says , ' believe they are working in a bullying culture and that it has caused them some stress ' .
Her intervention - and breach of the helpline 's confidentiality - followed allegations in a new book that Mr Brown is a bully , claims that he and ministers have denied .
By last night , everyone involved in what has become an increasingly ludicrous saga was looking a little shabby .
Not least among them Mrs Pratt and her ' helpline ' , which is based in a Swindon business park .
Serious questions have been raised about the charity .
Yesterday , one of its patrons , Professor Cary Cooper , an expert in workplace stress , resigned because he felt Mrs Pratt had breached ' patient confidentiality ' .
Two other patrons , including Tory MP Ann Widdecombe , followed suit last night .
And the Mail can reveal there have been a number of complaints from members of the public who have contacted the National Bullying Helpline in the past .
Far from receiving free support and advice , callers were put in touch with a consultancy run by Mrs Pratt 's businessman husband David , 68 , who charged four - figure fees to ' investigate ' their complaints of bullying .
On one occasion , he turned up on a client 's doorstep demanding payment .
Last night , the Charity Commission said the helpline 's annual accounts are 207 days overdue , despite three reminders .
' A number of issues have been raised over the weekend concerning the charity National Bullying Helpline , and the Charity Commission has received a number of complaints , ' says a spokesman for the watchdog .
' We are considering these to see which may fall within our remit .
We will be contacting the charity for further information . '
U.S. president Harry Truman once gave blunt advice to those who presume to be involved in politics or other positions of responsibility : ' If you ca n't stand the heat , get out of the kitchen . '
In New Labour 's Britain , the guidance appears to be if you can't stand the heat , seek recompense .
Mrs Pratt launched two claims against her former employer BAE Systems , but refused to comment on either this week
Such an approach was enshrined in the 1998 Human Rights Act .
Its critics have seen it as a charter for ambulance chasing , petty litigation and the growth of the health and safety leviathan .
Now it is Mr Brown 's turn to feel its clammy grip .
At the centre of this cameo of the grievance industry in action is 54 - year - old Mrs Pratt .
The mother of one has a colourful litigious history .
Her first employment tribunal action was launched against BAE Systems , where until 1995 she had worked as a secretary .
She claimed constructive dismissal and bullying , and settled out of court .
But in 2003 she was back , accusing BAE of breaching a confidentiality agreement .
Another action for £ 450,000 in damages was launched .
In the years between the two BAE cases , Mrs Pratt found time to accuse Japanese firm Sanden International ( Europe ) Ltd of sexual and racial discrimination .
She told a tribunal she left the firm - where she had been human resources officer - in 2001 after the managing director told her women are less intelligent than men .
Last night , she refused to discuss the outcome of either action or if she 'd been involved in other tribunals .
With her husband , she established the National Bullying Helpline in 2002 .
It was designed , Mrs Pratt claims , to provide help for employees and employers suffering problems with bullying in the workplace , and was given charitable status in 2007 .
But the Pratts ' motives were not entirely altruistic .
They also ran a company called HR & Diversity Management Ltd. Callers to the helpline found themselves being referred by Mrs Pratt to the firm where , after paying a £ 300 deposit , they faced a much larger bill for an ' independent ' investigation of their situation .
Yesterday , the Mail was given testimony by two people who had suffered bullying and contacted the helpline , only to be asked for large sums of money .
Both had complained to Swindon South MP Anne Snelgrove , Gordon Brown 's parliamentary aide .
Mrs Snelgrove initially supported the Pratts ' charity , but severed links two years ago following concerns about its running .
In the first case , Nico Souleles contacted Mrs Pratt after being suspended from his senior lecturer post at a college in Cumbria .
Mr Souleles , 51 , was yesterday working abroad and was reluctant to discuss his dispute with Mrs Pratt , but he explained in an earlier email : ' When I contacted Christine Pratt , I was going through terrible mental anguish due to the institutionalised harassment and bullying I was experiencing from my employer .
' She promised me she would deal personally with my case , and then I was asked to pay a deposit of £ 300 .
The report I got at the end of the day was not ... detailed enough or strong enough to counter the malicious allegations my employer was throwing at me .
' A discussion followed between my legal adviser and Christine Pratt about the amount of money I had to pay her considering the quality of what I received .
The PM 's office has rejected calls for an inquiry into the bullying claims
' While this was going on , her husband , totally uninvited , knocked on our door one night just when the kids went to sleep and demanded money .
This was quite disturbing for my wife and my family . '
Mr Souleles said that Mr Pratt had demanded £ 4,000 .
Jane McGrath from London also complained about the helpline .
' I called it as I was very desperate and really at the end of my tether due to workplace bullying , ' she said .
' All this woman did was to send me forms that were part of her own consultancy business offering her " independent investigation services " at a considerable fee to my employer .
' There was no support , no guidance , advice or care - I felt very much as if she was using me and my devastating situation as a means to accrue business from my employer .
' She said she was too busy to talk as she was off on holiday and would call back .
She never did , but did manage to email me the forms to present to my employer before she left .
' I would strongly protest ( about ) a woman who . . . lines her own pockets . . . in the guise of running a much - needed helpline . '
Last night , Mrs Pratt confirmed that callers to the helpline had been referred to her husband 's business and some had complained .
But she defended her charity .
' Since the helpline became a registered charity in 2007 , we have separated it from the HR company - they have separate offices and separate processes , ' she said .
' However , we do give callers the option to be referred on to dispute resolution service providers - and our HR company does provide a dispute resolution service . '
She said of Mr Souleles and Ms McGrath : ' They were quite pushy and told us they could n't afford solicitors .
Mr Souleles thought we were going to be giving him low - cost support and signed up knowing exactly what we were doing .
He reneged on the payments to us .
' I would not accept a fee - paying client now who has called the charity helpline .
For the past 18 months to two years , we have stopped acting as an adviser in any way to individuals because in nine out of ten cases they do not have the money .
If they did , they would pay for a solicitor .
' Because we 're a charity , they expect support for nothing , and if they do n't get the outcome they want they tend to take it out on us .
' The expectations of Nicos Souleles and people like him are such that we are unable to support them . '
She denied she has political motivations .
However , the helpline office is two doors from the local Conservative Association and David Cameron endorses the charity on its website .
How different to the last General Election campaign , when Mr Cameron 's predecessor , Michael Howard , said : ' The time has come to liberate the nation from the avalanche of political correctness , costly litigation , feeble justice and culture of compensation running riot in Britain today . '
At 10 am yesterday , the National Bullying Hotline was still being flagged up on the Department of Business , Innovation and Skills website .
By 3.30 pm , it had been removed .
Mrs Pratt and her ' helpline ' had been torpedoed in the choppy waters of political combat .
Whether she was a victim or aggressor in this saga is another matter .
Hundreds of Palestinians clashed with Israeli security forces across east Jerusalem on Tuesday in the worst rioting in years as a senior Hamas leader called for a new " intifada , " or uprising .
As the unrest rocked Jerusalem , US Middle East envoy George Mitchell delayed a visit to the region amid the most severe diplomatic row in decades between Israel and the United States , which has been struggling to revive peace talks .
Israeli soldiers run across a street as they clash with Palestinian youths ( background ) at the the Qalandia checkpoint between the West Bank city of Ramallah and Jerusalem .
Credit: AFP
Police fired rubber bullets , stun grenades and tear gas at protesters who hurled stones and set up barricades with dumpsters and burning tyres in several neighbourhoods .
In at least one neighbourhood undercover Israeli police officers disguised as protesters wrestled demonstrators to the ground and handcuffed them .
BANGKOK — Blood was spilled on Tuesday , the third day of mass demonstrations in Bangkok , but not in the way that many had feared .
Antigovernment protesters pooled their blood — drawn by medical workers in air - conditioned tents — to unleash a red tide at the gates of Government House , the office of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva , and later at his party ’s headquarters .
“ We will curse them with our blood and our soul ! ” yelled a protest leader , Nattawut Saikua , to roaring approval from a crowd of several thousand people at Government House , including farmers , monks and vegetable sellers .
Their so - called Red Shirt protest movement remains resentful over the 2006 military coup that ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who championed rural and poorer voters .
The movement accuses the current government of favoring the country ’s wealthy elite , and has been angered by a series of court decisions in recent years banning political parties allied with Mr. Thaksin .
Nick Bilton / The New York Times
At the end of 2005 , Nicholas Felton decided to publish a report that would chronicle his life over the previous year .
He looked through his music archives to see how many songs he had listened to .
He checked his airline ticket stubs to see how many miles he had flown .
He aggregated the number of books read and photos taken .
He compiled those and myriad other data points into his first annual report about his life , aptly titled , “ The Feltron Annual Report . ”
( The “ r ” in “ Feltron ” was added to include a subtle pseudonym component to the report . )
The following year , Mr. Felton continued his quest to catalog and collect the mundane moments of his life .
This time , he took it one step further , tracking restaurants , beverages , types of meat eaten and a long list of other esoteric data points .
This led to the “ Feltron 2006 Annual Report ” — the first printed version of the taxonomy .
The tradition continues today .
“ I started collecting this data in 2005 , and I hope to continue the collection process for at least a decade , ” Mr. Felton said in an interview .
“ As the collection process has become more intense I ’ve been able to use technology to help track what I ’m doing , and I ’ve tried to collect new types of information . ”
Although this data collection started with a simple curiosity , it also helped Mr. Felton discover and monitor negatives in his life .
For example , he gained a better understanding of the effects of his travel on the environment , and he found that the actual number of books he reads in a year falls short of his goals .
Each year , Mr. Felton adds a new twist to the reports .
One report tracked every street he walked down in New York City .
Another tracked the number of plants he killed .
“ I wanted to understand the bleeding edge of reporting and quantifying myself , ” Mr. Felton said .
The works of Mr. Felton blur the line between art and data .
They are a poetic haze of information and well - designed storytelling — and of course , the discipline to collect all this information each year .
But they also signal the kind of data collection that is becoming easier for all of us to do .
It did n’t take long before strangers started asking how to create their own reports to quantify and collect information on themselves .
This led Mr. Felton to start a Web site called Daytum that helps people to track and visualize things of interest .
“ People became self - reflexive , wanting to track food they ’ve eaten , travel locations , and Daytum tries to conquer some of the uphill battles of collecting this information , ” he said .
The “ 2009 Annual Report ” took a different route : Mr Felton asked the people he interacted with on a daily basis to fill out an online survey describing their social experience with him :
What was he wearing , what did he eat , was he happy or sad ?
Nicholas Felton
In the end , 51,445 words were submitted by hundreds of friends , co-workers and random acquaintances .
He then spent three weeks digging through it all and creating visualizations of the data .
The result is now up for sale on his Web site .
Mr. Felton says that all the data he collects seems mundane to some people , but might become the norm in the future .
“ Gradually there will be be more sensors everywhere , ” he said .
Technology like the FitBit Tracker and software on mobile phones will help people track and monitor health problems or other personal data .
Who knows , maybe one day we ’ll all have our own annual reports .
Gandhi Gursatej , AnitaDepartment of Human Genetics , Guru Nanak Dev University , Amritsar 143 005 , IndiaCorrespondence Address : Gandhi GursatejDept. of Human Genetics , Guru Nanak Dev University , Amritsar 143 005Indiajrgandhi@sancharnet.in AbstractBACKGROUND :
The impact of microwave ( MW ) / radio frequency radiation ( RFR ) on important biological parameters is probably more than a simply thermal one .
Exposure to radio frequency ( RF ) signals generated by the use of cellular telephones have increased dramatically and reported to affect physiological , neurological , cognitive and behavioural changes and to induce , initiate and promote carcinogenesis .
Genotoxicity of RFR has also been reported in various test systems after in vitro and / or in vivo exposure but none in mobile phone users .
AIMS : In the present study , DNA and chromosomal damage investigations were carried out on the peripheral blood lymphocytes of individuals using mobile phones , being exposed to MW frequency ranging from 800 to 2000 MHz .
METHODS : DNA damage was assessed using the single cell gel electrophoresis assay and aneugenic and clastogenic damage by the in vivo capillary blood micronucleus test ( MNT ) in a total of 24 mobile phone users .
RESULTS : Mean comet tail length ( 26.76 ± 0.054 mm ; 39.75 % of cells damaged ) in mobile phone users was highly significant from that in the control group .
The in vivo capillary blood MNT also revealed highly significant ( 0.25 ) frequency of micronucleated ( MNd ) cells .
CONCLUSIONS :
These results highlight a correlation between mobile phone use ( exposure to RFR ) and genetic damage and require interim public health actions in the wake of widespread use of mobile telephony .
How to cite this article : Gandhi G , A. Genetic damage in mobile phone users : some preliminary findings .
Indian J Hum Genet 2005 ; 11:99 - 104
How to cite this URL : Gandhi G , A. Genetic damage in mobile phone users : some preliminary findings .
Indian J Hum Genet [ serial online ] 2005 [ cited 2006 May 13 ] ; 11:99 - 104 Available from : http://www.ijhg.com/article.asp?issn=0971-6866;year=2005;volume=11;issue=2;spage=99;epage=104;aulast=Gandhi
Full
Text
The continued spread of mobile telephony is of serious concerns since a relationship between electromagnetic fields radio frequency ( RF ) and microwave ( MW ) radiation and adverse health effects at low intensity exposures exists .
The cell ( mobile ) phone is an appliance that requires that it be held close to or touching the head , which is the most sensitive organ of the body .
This has initiated a spate of studies to enquire for effects on user health and explore mechanisms of interaction responsible for reported biological sequel on humans , animals and organic cells from acute and chronic exposures from mobile phone frequencies .
Generally , the higher the frequency the less able electromagnetic radiation is to penetrate materials .
However , even millimetre waves penetrate irradiated skin to a depth of 1 mm , while the microcirculatory system of the skin functions at 150 mm and so is fully accessible to EHF exposure .
Lower frequencies can however penetrate further .
The mode of interaction between nonionising electromagnetic radiation and tissue is also highly dependent on the dielectric behaviour of water and dissolved ions at RF and MW frequencies .
Wireless communication systems operate in the 400- 2000 MHz range , differing in respect to frequency usage in different countries and on different continents .
In fact , the use of the digital communication system that transmits radio frequency radiations ( RFR ) at higher frequencies in this range has increased dramatically .
The Indian mobile phone market has also shown dramatic ascent and has 40.6 million users with the global system of mobile communication ( GSM ) service having 32.02 million registered users and the code division multiple access ( CDMA ) subscribers with 8.6 million ( www.Indianews.com, October 2004 ) .
The potential for health effects from low intensity RF / MW radiation from the ' weight of the scientific evidence ' points to a relationship between RF / MW and illness .
Some of the biological effects associated with RF radiation include RF sickness , electroencephalographic changes , cell proliferation [ 1 ] and blood pressure changes , blood - brain barrier leakage , [ 2 ] altered EEG patterns [ 3 ] and decreased fertility in mice . [ 4 ]
Cancer risks and genotoxicity from exposure to RF fields in vivo and in vitro have rather been points of cynosure since equivocal evidences exist . [ 5 ] , [ 6 ] , [ 7 ] , [8 ]
Apparently no studies have documented genotoxicity in mobile phone users .
The present investigation reports DNA and chromosomal damage in peripheral blood lymphocytes of mobile phone users by the single cell gel electrophoresis ( SCGE / Comet ) assay and the capillary blood in vivo micronucleus test ( MNT ) .
The study was cleared by the institutional ethical committee .
Methods
The subjects were selected on the basis of period of mobile phone use .
Voluntary written informed consent was obtained and details on their diet , life style and health status were recorded .
Age - and sex - matched healthy individuals who had never used the mobile phone formed the control group .
Finger - prick blood samples were collected in heparinised eppendorf tubes , transported in an ice - box to the laboratory and processed for the comet assay [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] and the MNT [ 11 ] within 3 - 4 h of collection .
Peripheral blood cells were embedded in agarose on agar - coated slides , lysed under alkaline conditions to partially unwind DNA , electrophorosed followed by silver staining .
Both the normal cells and comets ( 100 / sample ) were scored and DNA migration lengths were measured less than under 40 x using an ocular micrometer calibrated with the help of a stage micrometer .
The MNT is based on the observation that when cells with chromatid breaks or exchanges undergo mitosis , a sizeable portion of chromatin that is not included in the daughter nuclei , forms a single micronucleus or multiple micronuclei .
The in vivo MNT in lymphocytes of human capillary blood is a simpler , convenient , informative in vivo cytogenetic technique and its precision makes it more suitable to large - scale investigations and human biomonitoring studies .
To 0.06 - 1.00 ml blood obtained through finger puncture , 0.3 % methyl cellulose was added to blood in a v/v ratio of 1 : 3 and kept in a water bath ( 37 °C for 40 - 60 min ) .
The lymphocyte suspension was then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 6 min and the pellet , suspended in 43 ml of remaining supernatant , was used to make smears on glass slides .
Air - dried smears were fixed in 100 % methanol for 1 min and stained in buffered Giemsa ( pH 6.4 , 1:10 , 20 min ) .
Coded pre-parations were scored ( 2000 cells / sample at 40 x ) for MN [ small , spherical and separated chromatin masses in small ( T ) lymphocytes ] .
The presence of micronuclei ( as per the given criteria ) [ 12 ] in the cells was confirmed at 100 x under oil immersion and randomly by another observer .
The main nucleus and MN show dark blue against the light blue cytoplasm .
ResultsPeripheral blood lymphocytes of individuals ( n = 24 ) using mobile phones were processed in order to assess whether mobile phone usage induces chromosomal and DNA damage .
All those evaluated for the MN test ( n = 20 ) were also investigated for DNA damage and so are included among those ( n = 24 ) for which the SCGE assay was performed [ Table 1 ] .
Samples from age - , sex - and socioeconomic status - matched controls ( n = 11 ) were also processed for DNA damage ( n = 10 ) and the MN test ( n = 8 ) .
There were only three females among mobile phone users ; very few smokers ( n = 2 ) and those taking alcohol ( n = 2 ) .
None of the subjects had any family history of any genetic anomaly or major illness nor had they undergone irradiation examination or been exposed to organic solvents and for the last 6 months none have been on medication or on drugs and no one did any regular exercise .
The reproductive performance of married individuals ( n = 7 ) was known to be normal .
However , some of the selected individuals ( n = 4 ) complained about sleeplessness , memory loss , less attentivity and heart pain , which they felt was associated with mobile phone vibrations .
The usage of phone varied from one to 5 years with most persons ( n = 20 ) using it from 2 to 3 years .
The specific absorption rate ( SAR ) gives estimates of the radiated energy given out by the cell phone and being absorbed into the body tissues in terms of Watts per kilogram ( W/kg ) or milliWatts per gram ( mW/g ) of body weight .
The popular phone brands were Nokia ( SAR = 0.87 -1.47 W/kg ) with 15 users , Samsung ( SAR = 0.59 and 1.56 W/kg ) with four , and Panasonic ( SAR = 0.99 W/kg ) with three users .
The daily use of phone ranged from 1 to 15 h , which actually contributes to the daily direct exposure in the real sense though the mobile was kept on ' On ' mode for 24 h by 22 subjects .
There were 17 individuals attending phones from the right ears whereas nine attended from left ears .
None subjects used any protective cases for mobile phones and no one among them availed of any special offer ( s ) .
The SCGE assay results demonstrated DNA migration in ~ 40 % ( 39.75 ) of mobile phone users with a mean tail length of 26.76 ± 0.054 mm ( range 16.91 ± 0.192 to 31.86 ± 0.252 mm ) which was significantly increased from the control value ( 8.11 ± 0.028 mm with 10.40 % of cell damage ) .
The maximum tail length was observed in the blood sample ( with 43 % cell damage ) of a 28 - year - old male who was dealing in automobile spare parts and was using Nokia 3310 ( SAR = 1.27 W/kg ) for the past 4 years .
At the time of sample collection his daily communication on mobile phone was from 1.5 to 2.0 h .
The higher value of comet tail length may be due to longer duration of mobile phone use as he is a nonsmoker , nonalcoholic , and nonvegetarian .
Similarly in peripheral blood lymphocytes of another male aged 21 years ( a two - wheeler mechanic ) , a long - tail length ( 31.12 mm , with 32 % damaged cells ) was observed .
He had been using Nokia C131 ( SAR = 0.87 W/kg ) for 2.5 years with daily use of 1.5 - 2 h and probably with some exposure at his work place also contributing towards the genetic damage observed in his PBLs .
The maximum number of damaged cells ( 63 % ) was observed in a male ( 24 years ) using Samsung 220 ( SAR = 0.59 W/kg ) for 2 years with 1 - 1.5 h daily mobile phone usage .
Among the control individuals , comet tail lengths ranged from 6.03 ± 0.130 to 10.3 ± 0.090 mm. Chromosomal damage ( aneugenic / clastogenic ) was also scored for in 20 individuals and in eight controls .
There was a marked difference in the frequencies of micronucleated ( MNd ) cells among subjects ( av. 0.25 MNd cells ) and the control group ( av. 0.05 MNd cells ; only 3.8 % had MN ) .
The maximum MNd cell frequency of 0.50 was observed in a male ( 24 years ) who had been using Nokia 3310 ( SAR = 1.24 W/kg ) for 2 years with a daily use of 8 - 9 h and working in the customer - care department of a mobile phone company .
The minimum frequency of MNd cells ( 0.10 each ) was observed in two males aged 24 and 28 years , a businessman and software analyst , respectively .
Both were using mobile phones for 2 years with SAR of 0.59 and 1.47 W/kg and with a daily use of 1 - 1.5 and 3 - 4 h , respectively .
DiscussionBoth the MNT and SCGE assay were employed for assessing any genetic damage in mobile phone users being exposed to mobile phone MW frequency ranging from 800 to 2000 MHz .
Significant increases in DNA tail lengths , of cells with DNA damage and in MNd cells of mobile phone users were observed .
Data for DNA and chromosomal damage of female subjects were clubbed with that of male subjects , as there were no differences in the values .
No significant influence of sex on MN frequency has been also reported in the in vivo capillary blood MN test . [ 11 ]
More DNA damage than micronuclei induction in the same PBL samples was noted .
This is because the MN test detects injuries that survive at least one mitotic cycle , while the comet assay identifies repairable injuries or alkali- labile sites , which cause an increased intensity of comet tail length but do not cause MN induction .
It has been reported that when the exposure to genotoxic agents is small , even though there may be positive results in the comet assay , correspondingly positive results in the MN test may not occur . [ 13 ]
The presence of MNd cells was observed in only ~ 4 % of control individuals .
This low frequency may be due to good dietary patterns in the absence of smoking and drinking habits .
Punjabi people have a fairly good intake of fruits and vegetables , which are associated with reduced risks for cancers .
The carotenoids and carotenoid - rich foods can influence DNA damage and repair by modulating discrete stages in the DNA repair mechanisms . [ 14 ]
The effects of mobile use can be curbed depending upon the availability of dietary antioxidants , [ 15 ] consumption of ethanol , [ 16 ] conditions like psychological stress [ 17 ] and strenuous physical exercise . [ 18 ]
This emphasizes the speculation that some individuals may be more susceptible to the effects of RFR exposure . [ 19 ]
The results of the present study are in tune with some reports in the literature .
Chromosome aberrations and micronuclei were significantly higher than the controls , in a group of workers exposed to 10 to 50 mW / cm2 of radar producing MWs and / or also exposed to about 5 ppm of vinyl chloride monomer , a known carcinogen . [ 20 ]
Human lymphocytes exposed to MW radiation produced a dose response increase in chromosome aberrations . [ 21 ]
Occupational exposure to MWs in 12 workers had significantly increased chromosome damage as well as disturbances in the distribution of cells over the first - , second - and third - mitotic divisions . [ 22 ]
In rat brain cells exposure of both continuous wave ( CW ) and pulsed microwaves ( PW ) caused significant increase in single - and double - strand DNA breakage with PW causing more damage than CW . [ 6 ]
Neither direct chromosomal damage ( chromosome aberrations and SCEs ) nor tail moment and tail lengths increased in comet assay when human whole blood cells were exposed to continuous 935.2 MHz ( SAR 0.3 - 0.4 W/kg ) but a synergistic effect after RFR exposure followed by mitomycin-C was reported in the form of an increase in SCEs . [ 23 ]
In vitro exposure of human peripheral blood lymphocytes to continuous 830 MHz EMF ( SAR 1.65 - 8.8 W/kg ) for 72 h caused losses and gains of chromosomes .
A linear increase in Chr # 17 aneuploidy was observed as a function of SAR value at 34.5- 37.5 °C indicating that the genotoxic effect of the EMF is elicited via a nonthermal pathway . [ 24 ]
Some contrary reports include : absence of primary DNA damage in human glioblastoma and mouse fibroblast cells exposed to 835.62 MHz ( FDMA ) and 847.74 MHz ( CDMA ) RFR , respectively , at SAR 0.6 W/kg . [ 8 ]
Equal number of DNA breaks in rat lymphocytes were reported in both controls and animals exposed to 945 MHz RFR for 1 - 5 weeks . [ 25 ]
Human blood lymphocytes exposed to 837 MHz ( TDMA ) , 837 MHz ( CDMA ) and 1900 MHz ( PCS ) showed no increase in primary DNA damage or of MNd binucleated human blood lymphocytes . [ 26 ]
PBL cultures of 20 healthy donors exposed to CW intermittent exposure and GSM signals did not increase MN frequency in the cytokinesis - block MN assay . [ 27 ]
PBL cultures exposed to both CW and PW 1.9 GHz RFR at SAR 0 - 10 W/kg for 24 h revealed no significant increase in DNA damage or MN frequency . [ 28 ]
No statistically significant differences in the level of DNA damage or apoptosis by SCGE assay and annexin V affinity assay , respectively were observed between sham - treated and RF - exposed Molt - 4T lymphoblastoid cells . [ 29 ]
In the light of this literature it can be observed that the studies documenting positive genotoxicity are those where there is mostly in vivo occupational exposure to RFR of mobile phone range .
The present study clearly demonstrates the same , albeit the exposure is directly through mobile phone use .
There is a potential for a very large worldwide public health impact in the wake of the results of this study and calls for interim public health protective measures .
References1 Kwee S , Resmark P. Changes in cell proliferation due to environmental non-ionizing radiation 2 . Microwave radiation .
Bioelectrochem Bioenerg 1998;44:251-5.2 Salford LG , Brun AE , Ederhardt JL , Malmgren L , Perssson BR .
Nerve cell damage in mammalian brain after exposure to microwaves from GSM mobile phones .
Environ Health Prespect 2003 ;111:881-3.3 Kramarenko AV , Tan U. Effects of high frequency electromagnetic fields on human EEG : a brain mapping study .
Int J Neurosci 2003;113:1007 - 19.4 Magras IN , Xenos TD. RF radiation - induced changes in the prenatal development of mice .
Bioelectromag 1997;18:455-61.5 Anane R , Dulou PE , Taxile M , Geffard M , Crespeau FL , Veyret B. Effects of GSM - 900 microwaves on DMBA - induced mammary gland tumors in female Sprague - Dawley rats .
Radiat Res 2003;160:492-7.6 Lai H , Singh NP .
Single and double strand DNA breaks in rat brain cells after acute exposure to radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation .
Int J Radiat Biol 1996;69:513-21.7 Moulder JE , Erdriech LS , Malyapa RS , Merritt J , Pickard WF , Vijayalaxmi .
Cell phones and cancer : what is the evidence for a connection : Radiat Res 1999 ;151:513-31.8 Malyapa RS , Ahern EW , Straube WL , Moros EG , Pickard WF , Roti Roti JL .
Measurement of DNA damage after exposure to electromagnetic radiation in the cellular phone communication frequency band ( 835.63 and 847.74 MHz ) .
Radiat Res 1997;148:618-27.9 Singh NP , McCoy MT , Tice RR , Schneider EL .
A simple technique for quantitation of low levels of DNA damage in individual cells .
Exp Cell Res 1988;175:184-91.10 Ahuja YR , Saran R. Alkaline single cell gel electrophoresis Assay I. Protocol .
Cytol Genet 1999;34:57-62.11 Xue KX , Ma GJ , Wang S , Zhou P .
The in vivo micronucleus test in human capillary blood lymphocytes : Methodological studies and effect of ageing .
Mutat Res 1992;278:259-64.12 Tolbert PE , Shy CM , Allen JW .
Micronuclei and other nuclear anomalies in buccal smears ; methods development .
Mutat Res 1992;271:69-77.13 Van Goethem F , Lison D , Kirsch - Volders M. Comparative evaluation of the in vitro micronucleus test and the alkaline single cell gel electrophoresis assay for the detection of DNA damaging agents : genotoxic effects of cobalt powder , tungsten carbide and cobalt - tungsten carbide .
Mutat Res 1997;392:31-43.14 Astley SB , Elliott RM , Archer DB , Southon S ) .
Evidence that dietary supplementation with carotenoids and carotenoid - rich food modulates the DNA damage : repair balance in human lymphocytes .
Br J Nutr 2004;91:63-72.15 Arcioma OI .
Nutrition and health aspects of free radicals and antioxidants .
Food Chem .
Toxicol 1994;32:671-83.16 Kursoe I , Higuchi H , Kato S , Miura S , Ishii H. Ethanol induced oxidative stress in the liver .
Alcohol Clin Exp Res 1996;20:77A-85A.17 Haque MF , Aghabeighi B , Wasil M , Hodges S , Harris M. Oxygen free radicals in idiopathic facial pain .
Bangaladesh Med Res Coun Bull 1994;20:104-16.18 Clarkson PM .
Antioxidants and physical performance .
Crit Rev Food Sci Nutri 1995;35:131-41.19 Lai H , Singh NP .
Melatonin and a spin-trap compound block radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation - induced DNA strand breaks in rat brain cells .
Bioelectromagnetics 1997;18:446-54.20 Garaj - Vrhovac V , Fucic A , Horvat D. Comparison of chromosome aberration and micronucelus induction in human lymphocytes after occupational exposure to vinyl chloride monomer and microwave radiation .
Periodicum Biologorium 1990;92:411-6.21 Garaj - Vrhovac V , Fucic A , Horvat D. The correlation between the frequency of micronuclei and specific chromosome aberrations in human lymphocytes exposed to microwave radiation in vitro .
Mutat Res 1992;281:181-6.22 Garaj - Vrhovac V. Micronucleus assay and lymphocyte mitotic activity in risk assessment of occupational exposure to microwave radiation .
Chemosphere 1999;39:2301-12.23 Maes A , Collier M , Van Gorp U , Vandoninck S , Verschaeve L. Cytogenetic effects of 935.2 - MHz ( GSM ) microwaves alone and in combination with mitomycin C. Mutat Res 1997;393:151-6.24 Mashevich M , Folkman D , Kesar A , Barbul A , Korenstein R , Jerby E , et al .
Exposure of human peripheral blood lymphocytes to electromagnetic fields associated with cellular phones leads to chromosomal instability .
Bioelectromagnetics 2003;24:82-90.25 Verschaev L , Slaets D , Van Gorp U , Maes A , Vankerkom L .
In vitro and in vivo genetic effects of microwaves from mobile telephone frequencies in human and rat peripheral blood lymphocytes .
In : Simunic D. , ed. , Proc. COST - 244 Workshop , Bled ( Slo ) , EC , DGXIII , J31 , 1994 .
p. 74-83.26 Vasquez MV , Clancy JC , Blackwell DB , Donner MD , Tice RT , Hook GH , et al .
Genotoxicity of radio frequency fields generated from analog , TDMA , CDMA and PCS in human blood cells evaluated using the single cell gel ( SCG ) electrophoresis and the cytochalasin B micronucleus ( CB - MN ) assay .
Environ Mol Mutagen 1999;33 .( Suppl 30 ) 66.27 Zeni O , Chiavoni AS , Sannino A , Antolini A , Foroigo D , Bersani F , et al .
Lack of genotoxic effects ( Micronucleus Induction ) in human lymphocytes exposed in vitro to 900 MHz electromagnetic fields .
Radiat Res 2003;160:152-8.28 McNamee JP , Bellier PV , Gajda GB , Lavallee BF , Marro L , Lemay E , et al .
No evidence for genotoxic effects from 24h exposure of human leukocytes to 1.9 GHz Radio frequency fields .
Radiat Res 2003;159:693-7.29 Hook GJ , Zhang P , Lagroye I , Li L , Higashikubo R , Moros EG , et al .
Measurement of DNA damage and apoptosis in Molt - 4 cells after in vitro exposure to radio frequency radiation .
Radiat Res 2004;161:193-200 . © 2006 Indian Journal of Human GeneticsFrom Mast Sanity / Mast Network -------- Genetic damage in mobile phone users : some preliminary findingsSincerely yours , G.GandhiDr. G.GandhiReader and HeadDept. of Human GeneticsGuru Nanak Dev UniversityAmritsar 143 005IndiaTel : ( O) :+91-183-2258802-09 Extn.3444
Fax ( Univ. ) : +91-183-2258820 Email : jrgandhi@sancharnet.in
Overview ( 3 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
William Smith is probably best known for his portrayal as " Falconetti " in Reich & arm ( 1976 ) .
He first came to the screen as a child actor in films such as Der Weg zum Glück ( 1944 ) and Das Lied von Bernadette ( 1943 ) , before entering the service during the Korean War .
There , his fluency in five languages landed him in the N.S.A. Security Squadron 6907 .
While working towards his doctorate , he landed a contract with MGM and never looked back .
Over the next thirty years , Smith became one of the kings of B - movie villainy .
With a prolific number of roles in westerns , biker , horror , sci-fi , and action pictures , his face - and muscular physique - are familiar to generations of movie fans .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : Warren C. Staib
Spouse ( 2 )
Joanne Cervelli ( 2002 - present ) Michele (? - ? ) ( divorced ) ( 1 child )
Trade Mark ( 1 )
18 1/4 inch arms
Trivia ( 33 )
Lifetime Achievement Award from Academy of Bodybuilding and Fitness
Being a record - holder for reverse - curling his own body weight was a rumor .
The correct weight he reverse - curled was 163 lbs .
Two - time Arm Wrestling World Champion -- 200 - lb. class , Petaluma , CA .
He was the Marlboro Man in the final televised Marlboro commercial .
Competed as a downhill skier in AAU events at Mammoth Mountain
Competed in motocross events with Steve McQueen and doubled as one of the track riders in Höllenengel und Company ( 1970 ) .
Had a 31 - 1 record as an amateur boxer
Held the Air Force Light - Heavyweight Weightlifting Championship
Performed over 5,100 continuous sit-ups over a five - hour period .
Played semi-pro football for the Wiesbaden Flyers in Germany
Won a Muscle Beach contest by performing 35 inverted handstand dips
Honorary member of the Stuntmen 's Association of Motion Pictures .
Direct descendant of Western figures Kit Carson and Daniel Boone .
Filmed an eight - minute test pilot portraying Caine for the TV series Kung Fu ( 1972 ) , wearing prosthetic eyepieces to make him appear Chinese .
The network wanted Smith for the role , but producer Jerry Thorpe ultimately deemed him too muscular and menacing .
Studied kung fu for eight years with Jimmy Woo and kenpo karate master Ed Parker
Stunt doubled for former Tarzan Lex Barker while living in France .
Turned down the role of Tarzan at MGM .
Training partner of first Mr. Olympia , Larry Scott
Fought California wildfires in the early 1950s
Worked as a lifeguard on the French Riviera
Worked as a trainer at Bert Goodrich 's Hollywood Gym .
Child actor in both " A " and " B " movies of the 1940s .
He stated in a horror magazine that during breaks on the set of Frankenstein kehrt wieder ( 1942 ) , star Lon Chaney Jr. , treated all of the children on the set to ice cream .
Threw the discus 151 feet at a time when the top AAU distance was 150.6 feet .
Won the Light - Heavyweight German - Austrian Boxing Championship while in the service .
In 1942 's Frankenstein kehrt wieder ( 1942 ) , he plays a village boy .
His favorite writer is Fyodor Dostoevsky
Recipient of the 2008 Silver Spur Award .
Recipient of the 2005 Southern California Motion Picture Council Award .
Inducted into the Venice Muscle Beach Bodybuilding Hall of Fame 2010 .
His parents were William E. Smith ( 1891 - 1973 ) and Emily ( nee Richards ) Smith ( 1895 - 1976 ) .
He and his elder sister ( by two years ) , Emily , were named for their parents William was born on his mother 's 38th birthday .
Has one son with his former wife Michele , and one daughter with current wife Joanne .
Personal Quotes ( 2 )
Sammy [ Sammy Davis Jr. ] was really good friends with Peter Brown .
Peter got married to a French girl , Yvette .
He had this little ceremony in this church in Beverly Hills .
Sammy . . . and Dean Martin were there .
Dean Martin fell sound asleep just before Peter said " I do " [ makes loud snoring noises ] .
But Dean Martin was one of the nicest guys I ever met in my life .
Suburbs have become new centers of poverty , according to a new study by the Brookings Institution .
Over one - third of America ’s poor are now living outside of urban centers according to the survey released last week , entitled “ The Suburbanization of Poverty : Trends in Metropolitan America , 2000 to 2008 . ”
Startlingly , the study points out that over one - third of all Americans live below 200 percent of the federal poverty level : “ In 2008 , 91.6 million people – more than 30 percent of the nation ’s population – fell below 200 percent of the federal poverty level , ” the report says .
Suburbs saw their poor populations grow by a whopping 25 percent during this period , which does not include 2009 , the height of the Great Recession .
The suburban working - class vote is a major source of voter discontent as seen in the recent Massachusetts senatorial election .
Currently the Senate is considering important legislation that could provide 200,000 to 300,000 new hires .
Economist Paul Krugman points out however , that 10 million jobs are needed .
The Brookings study indicates the greatest poverty growth continues to be in the Midwest , with some exceptions .
For example , the greater Youngtown , Ohio , and Hartford , Conn. , areas are tied for first place with poverty rates of 33.5 percent .
Grand Rapids , Mich. , is over 30 percent .
Chicago too is one of the areas that have been hit hardest .
“ Chicago ranks fourth in the nation among cities that have seen a large shift of poor to the suburbs , according to the study released last week , ” writes the Chicago Tribune .
“ Nearly half of the Chicago area ’s poor live in the suburbs , the study shows . ”
In the current recession , the Sun Belt has become a new center of suburban poverty as well .
The Brookings report suggests that “ Western cities and Florida suburbs were among the first to see the effects of the “ Great Recession , ” indicated by “ significant increases in poverty between 2007 and 2008 . ”
The report continues , “ Sun Belt metro areas hit hardest by the collapse of the housing market saw significant gains in poverty between 2007 and 2008 , with suburban increases clustered in Florida metro areas – like Miami , Tampa , and Palm Bay – and city poverty increases most prevalent in Western metro areas – like Los Angeles , Riverside , and Phoenix . ”
The Brookings report will come as no surprise to working - class families in Ohio .
Already in 2008 the Warren Tribune pointed out that “ a third of Trumbull County ’s population is on some sort of public assistance , and they ’re not just living in the cities anymore , says the head of the Job and Family Services department . ”
Tracing the same time period as the Brookings study , the Warren Tribune observes , “ In May 2002 , there were 14,172 recipients of food stamps and money for emergency car repairs , clothing , shelter and utility payments in the county .
In April 2008 , the number of recipients jumped 55 percent to more than 22,000 .
Communities like Cortland increased 63 percent ; McDonald 92 percent ; and Mineral Ridge 85 percent , the numbers show . ”
Overall the number of people living in poverty in the state of Ohio has jumped nearly 40 percent over the last decade .
Phil Cole , executive director of the Ohio Association of Community Action Agencies , says this points to the need for jobs and job training programs .
“ Now people will say that we still cannot afford it , ” Cole said .
“ But can we afford to continue to pay Medicaid and unemployment instead ? ”
HAIFA , Israel — Fr. Shehadeh is a worried man .
“ People here are not very happy , ” he says , referring to the Palestinian minority in Israel .
“ I ’m always optimistic and I always pray for peace and work for peace - I even have a committee called Clergy for Peace - but at this time , I ’m very pessimistic . ”
Now 65 years old , Fr. Shehadeh spends a moment wondering openly whether his pessimism can be attributed to his age , before dismissing the possibility .
“ I do n’t think it ’s my age , ” he says finally , “ I think it ’s my experience . ”
Fr. Shehadeh has more experience than most .
Currently serving as the priest at St. John ’s Episcopal Church , the chairman of St. John ’s School in Haifa , and the vice chairman of al - Jebha - the Democratic Front for Peace and Equality , Revd .
Canon Dr. Shehadeh Shehadeh has a history of combining his pastoral responsibilities with political activism .
Almost 30 years ago this month , it was Fr. Shehadeh who , as chairman of the National Committee for the Protection of Lands in Israel , headed the first organized mass protest of the Palestinian minority in Israel against the state ’s treatment of its Arab citizens .
On 30 March 1976 , Fr. Shehadeh and his fellow activists in the Committee staged a major strike of Israel ’s Palestinian citizenry , mobilizing the community to reassert both its rights and its identity through collective direct action .
As the pastor relates , the state - wide strike was intended as a peaceful protest against the government ’s planned expropriation of over 20,000 dunams of land ( more than 5,000 acres ) , mostly located in the Galilee in the north of Israel , but also in the Naqab ( Negev ) and in the Triangle , in the south and center of the country , respectively .
The expropriation of Palestinian land has been a prominent feature of Israel ’s discriminatory approach to land and planning since its birth over half a century ago .
Immediately prior to the state ’s establishment in 1948 , it is estimated that only six per cent of historical Palestine was under Jewish ownership .
Over the past 56 years however , large tracts of Arab - owned land have been systematically confiscated or otherwise appropriated under law and taken into the possession of the state or Zionist institutions that are mandated to work exclusively to benefit the Jewish people , such as the Jewish Agency and the Jewish National Fund .
Numerous laws and policies have brought about state control of over 93 per cent of the land in Israel .
For Fr. Shehadeh , attempting to dispossess Palestinians of their land through confiscation is simply one tactic Israel uses in its ongoing pursuit of “ less Arabs and more land . ”
“ Even in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip they are doing the same thing , ” he says , “ They are making life difficult for people so that they will leave , and they are expropriating more land . ”
In 1976 , the government considered the continued expropriation of land in the Galilee , Naqab and Triangle regions , where sizable Palestinian populations remained , to be of such critical importance that it responded to the organized protest strike with crushing military and police force .
By the conclusion of the day ’s events , what had started out as a peaceful state - wide protest had ended with the deaths of six unarmed Palestinians in the Arab villages of Sakhnin , Arabeh , Kufr Kana and Taibeh .
Hundreds of others were maimed or injured .
Yum El - Ard or “ Land Day , ” as it was named , is now marked by Palestinians on both sides of the Green Line and in the diaspora on an annual basis .
Commemorated by strikes and marches , it effectively serves as a national day for Palestinians worldwide - one of the most important dates in their calendar .
As with many historic events in the Middle East , Land Day ’s roots lie with the activities of a small group of committed individuals .
At the first organizational meeting , held in Haifa and arranged by Rakah - the New Communist List , some 25 people were invited to discuss strategies for opposing the government ’s plans for expropriating further Palestinian land .
Among them was Fr. Shehadeh , then a 36 year - old pastor in Shafa ’amr who was unaffiliated with any political party .
In the face of the governmental expropriation effort , Fr. Shehadeh ’s describes his decision to become involved in the first Land Day protest as the convergence of his religious and political vocations .
“ I am a pastor and I believe that a pastor should understand the pain of the people , ” says the priest .
“ It aches people when their land has been taken .
It is as though a part of their body has been taken .
It is very painful …
My faith did not allow me to stand aside . ”
In cooperation with likeminded others , the movement against the planned expropriation gathered pace .
Especially keen to involve villages earmarked to lose land in the government ’s plans , the activists invited the heads of local councils in the Galilee and the Triangle to a second meeting , held in Nazareth and hosted by the city ’s then poet - mayor , Tawfiq Ziad .
As Fr. Shehadeh recalls , over 100 people attended the meeting and left adamant that they would prevent the planned expropriation from taking place - “ No matter what . ”
It was at that second meeting that the burgeoning Committee also decided to initiate a concerted drive to inform the general Palestinian public in Israel that organization was taking place to defend their lands against the government ’s scheduled expropriation efforts .
In cooperation with other political allies , the group began to disseminate pamphlets and fliers all over Israel , announcing the date for a public meeting to be held in a Nazareth cinema on the issue of the proposed expropriation .
Fr. Shehadeh ’s narration slows down as he recalls his profound amazement at the response of the Palestinian community in Israel .
“ The meeting was enormous , ” he says , as if still attempting to comprehend the depth of public interest .
“ We did not expect that .
We did not expect that people would come in such numbers .
Thousands upon thousands of people came .
The cinema had the capacity for 300 or 400 people , but people had gathered in all the corridors of the building and in all the streets around it . ”
Such popular support would prove to be the Committee ’s most precious resource .
Letters the Committee wrote to Members of Knesset went largely unanswered , whilst an impromptu meeting with the ruling Labor Party in the Knesset resulted merely in the party affirming that it would not reconsider its plans to expropriate private Palestinian land .
But Fr. Shehadeh and his fellow Committee members reacted to governmental intransigence with an intensive grass - roots campaign - visiting the villages that were to be affected by the expropriation , informing residents of the government ’s plans and their likely consequences , and even photographing parcels of land destined for confiscation whose coordinates would then be sent to villages to prompt local council discussion on the issue .
“ I used to go to public meetings three or four times a week to tell people that we intended to organize a strike if the government does n’t listen to us , ” he recalls .
Then , on 18 March 1976 , just 12 days before the strike was scheduled to take place , Shehadeh Shehadeh was invited to attend a meeting in Shafa ’amr , hosted by Ibrahim Nimr Hussain , the town ’s mayor , and attended by the heads of local councils , to discuss the Committee ’s planned strike .
It soon became clear that the mayor expected the Committee to respect the councilors ’ decision over whether or not to strike , and to defer to their judgment .
As Fr. Shehadeh recounts , the overwhelming majority of local council heads , most supported by the Labor Party , voted against the strike , but not before the pastor had stormed out of the building in protest at the idea that the Committee should answer to the heads of the local councils , rather than directly to the people .
And the people made their will known .
According to Fr. Shehadeh , when the decision of the heads of local councils was publicized to young men awaiting its announcement , they began throwing stones at the municipal building in which the local councilors had debated the issue , preventing the councilors from leaving .
As the protest intensified , police officers rushed out of a nearby building where they had been hiding in wait and , “ began attacking these youngsters and throwing tear gas . ”
That night , says Shehadeh , the Committee held an emergency meeting in Sakhnin ( one of the towns due to lose land under the governmental plans ) after which , the Committee publicized its intention to hold a protest on 30 March against the government .
The original plan to stage a demonstration outside the Knesset was cancelled at the last minute , when the Committee was denied a permit to demonstrate .
Instead of risking the mass arrest of its supporters , the Committee urged people to register their opposition to the ongoing state expropriation of their land by staying at home in their villages and striking .
Then , early on the morning of 30 March 1976 , Fr. Shehadeh received a phone call alerting him to the news that the state had ordered the military to enter the striking villages .
Residents responded with stone throwing and spontaneous demonstrations while the military used live fire , with fatal results .
The victims whose lives were lost were : Khadija Shawahneh , Raja Abu Raya and Khadr Khalayleh of Sakhnin ; Kheir Yassin of Arabeh ; Mohsen Taha of Kufr Kana ; and Rafat Zohiri of Nur Shams refugee camp in the West Bank , who was killed in Taibeh .
For Fr. Shehadeh , the state ’s resort to violent confrontation with strikers that day was merely an example of the long - term strategy that Israel uses to control Palestinians on both sides of the Green Line .
“ Israeli policy has always been to treat the Palestinians with an iron fist , ” he says .
“ I know that , and I heard that several times , even from police people .
They would say , ‘ Only through power can you be treated .
You do n’t even know what democracy is . ’
So that ’s how we are treated . ”
Despite the violence , Fr. Shehadeh estimates that between 70 and 80 per cent of the Palestinian public in Israel participated in the strike on 30 March 1976 .
He summarizes its significance for Palestinians in Israel by proudly quoting his late friend Saliba Khamis : “ On Land Day , the genie came out of the bottle . ”
This year , as Palestinians commemorate the 29th anniversary of Land Day , foremost on Fr. Shehadeh ’s mind are the land grab that he says the state is currently undertaking in the West Bank through its construction of the separation wall , and the divisions he believes the government is engineering between the different faith groups of the Palestinian community in Israel .
Citing the recent clashes that occurred between Druze and Christians in Mghar as an example , Fr. Shehadeh describes Israel as employing a classical “ divide and rule ” approach to its Palestinian citizenry .
“ This is the terrible disease in Palestinian life in this country , ” he says , “ And Land Day , to a certain extent , and for a period of time , succeeded to remove these kinds of differences between the Palestinians themselves .
Unfortunately , the government has succeeded to divide us again , and Land Day does n’t unite people as it used to . ”
Nevertheless , Land Day ’s legacy and commemorative value lies not only in the fact that the Palestinian minority in Israel was galvanized to take unified action against the state ’s discriminatory policies , but that it exposed the common plight of Palestinians everywhere .
“ Without land we have no roots in this country , ” says Fr. Shehadeh , “ The land is our roots .
The land is not only a place where you plant eggplants and cucumbers - it is our national home .
I am a Palestinian and this is my homeland . ”
Sharif Hamadeh is a Human Rights Advocacy and Development Fellow with Adalah .
Adalah is an independent human rights organization , registered in Israel .
It is a non-profit , non-governmental , and non-partisan legal center .
Established in November 1996 , it serves Arab citizens of Israel , numbering over one million people or close to 20 % of the population .
Adalah ( “ Justice ” in Arabic ) works to protect human rights in general , and the rights of the Arab minority in particular .
This interview first appeared in Adalah ’s Newsletter , Volume 11 , March 2005 .
For more information , see www.adalah.org.
Related Links
In a potentially important development , exiled members of the former People ’s Democratic Party of Afghanistan are returning to the country to re-found the organization .
They plan to hold a Congress in Kabul later this year and rename the organization the Democratic Party of Afghanistan .
The PDPA was the ruling party that led the country on a path of socialism before being ousted from power in 1992 by the U.S. government - backed Taliban .
Thousands of PDPA members were slaughtered or driven into exile where they have functioned over the years as scattered groups .
Exiled members met recently in Germany to unite their ranks and agree on an approach to reestablishing a legal political party on Afghanistan soil .
“ The main goal is to return to Afghanistan and bring a situation of peace and stability in the region , ” said Dr. Zalmay Gulzad , professor of Social Sciences at Harold Washington Community College in Chicago .
Gulzad was born in Afghanistan and came to the U.S. as a student in 1971 and stayed .
“ Once peace is achieved the movement will evolve into different stages . ”
In an interview with the People ’s World , Gulzad said the new DPA would join the growing democratic movement in Afghanistan that includes a strong women ’s movement , intellectuals , students and even some members of the Parliament .
Media reports have noted nostalgia for the PDPA governing years .
Many people say times were better then ; there was more stability and security .
The government built a lot of schools , provided education and health care , according to Gulzad .
Many feel “ that period was better than during the repression of the Mujahideen and today ’s American bombs . ”
“ It ’s a different situation , ” he continued .
“ The conditions are good for unity to bring peace to Afghanistan .
Even before Sept. 11 , 2001 , members of the PDPA returned and became members of Parliament and they ’ve been working within the function of government . ”
Gulzad termed the Karzai government a corrupt “ puppet regime ” and said U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry is really running the country .
Gulzad said the main threat to the stability of the Afghan government comes from a resurgent Taliban .
While the people do n’t want U.S. troops in the country , they fear a return of the Taliban to power , he said .
“ The people will not accept a puppet regime .
They will work with the Karzai government because of the situation with the Taliban .
Once peace comes , people will bring a genuine people ’s government , ” he said .
The Taliban have their roots in the U.S. drive to destabilize the Soviet Union during the Carter administration .
Known then as “ freedom fighters ” ( Mujahideen ) they were religious extremists assembled by the CIA to overthrow the government and kill Communists , democrats and Soviet “ infidels . ”
They were recruited from predominantly Muslim countries when they could n’t be found in Afghanistan .
Because they were trained in Pakistan , they were renamed Taliban , which means “ religious students . ”
These same elements , trained by the CIA , were responsible for the attacks on the World Trade Center in September 11 , 2001 , including Osama Bin Laden .
After the attacks , said Gulzad , they were suddenly renamed “ terrorists . ”
Instead of going into Saudi Arabia where most were from , or Pakistan where they were trained , the Bush administration invaded Afghanistan .
Gulzad says the reason is the strategic geopolitical importance of Afghanistan , its proximity to energy resources and Iran , Russian , China and the Persian Gulf .
“ If the Taliban retook power they would be a very regressive force .
The Afghan people would n’t accept it .
Remember there was a civil war – north versus south and within the south they were fighting the Taliban .
And the region ’s countries would get involved in arming various factions – Pakistan , Iran , Russia and China . ”
The main source of support for the Taliban is still the military in Pakistan .
Gulzad said this is related to Pakistan ’s desire for additional territory in its fight against India and for gaining hold of Kashmir .
They want a weak government in Afghanistan and to rid it of Indian influence , which has invested heavily in Afghani infrastructure , education and hospitals .
Gulzad said during the arming of the “ freedom fighters ” against the Soviet Union everyone denied Pakistan was helping .
And today everyone knows the Pakistani military and Inter - Service Intelligence are supporting and arming the Taliban , but it ’s still denied .
Today , there are now two separate Taliban , one in Afghanistan and one in Pakistan .
The Pakistan Taliban is threatening to overthrow the Pakistani secular state .
Gulzad said most of the recent terrorist attacks in other parts of the world have emanated from Pakistan including the deadly attack on Mumbai .
All the Obama administration needs to do is put pressure on Pakistan to stop arming the Afghani Taliban and protecting their sanctuaries from which they are launching attacks into Afghanistan , and the problem would be solved , said Gulzad .
“ We are losing many Afghan and U.S. troops right now for no reason , ” he said .
“ Pakistan could arrest Osama Bin Laden and other al - Qaeda and terrorist leaders if it wanted to .
Many believe the U.S. and Pakistan want to keep it going for their own purposes . ”
“ The problem reflects the split in ( U.S. ) ruling circles , in the U.S. military and the Obama administration .
Sections of the military and intelligence community see the importance of a long - term presence in Afghanistan for access to energy resources and geo-political purposes , ” he said .
Recently , Defense Secretary Gates , Secretary of State Clinton and General McCrytsal let it be known they oppose President Obama ’s suggestion of negotiation with the Taliban , who have suffered military defeats recently .
“ The institutions of U.S. imperialism are highly developed .
Pres. Obama ca n’t change it alone .
He has very good intentions but the people around him – e.g. the Pentagon , CIA , they are not really allowing him to move from that policy , ” said Gulzad
The American people have to demand a change in foreign policy to end U.S. involvement and close down the foreign military bases .
he said .
“ So long as the imperialist mentality exists – hostility to Iran , China , etc. the U.S. is in a good spot , ” he said .
Which helps explain why they are rejecting offers from Russia and China to help , he said .
“ Russia wanted to help Afghanistan , but were denied by the US .
Russia has a long history with Afghanistan .
Most of the highways and infrastructure were built by the Soviets .
They have all the blueprints . ”
Gulzad said international help could come by training and educating personal to rebuild the country .
They could be sent to Tajikistan and Iran , which both speak the same language and have the same culture as many Afghanis .
“ It would require the U.S. to step back and allow the Afghan government to have its own sovereign relations .
The American people have a big responsibility .
Look , our government is broke and people are suffering .
Yet the US has military bases all over the world and it costs a lot to maintain this .
The mentality of imperialism is finished .
People around the world do n’t accept it any longer , ” said Gulzad .
Photo : Dr. Zalmay Gulzad John Bachtell / PW
Amazon may have created the market for online book sales and fueled the growth of e-books with its Kindle device .
But to the publisher Macmillan , Amazon is just another retailer who wants to resell Macmillan 's books .
The companies ' squabbling over book pricing this past weekend was an annoyance to consumers and an affront to Macmillan 's authors , who saw their books yanked from the Amazon store and sales grind to a halt .
In the long run , however , Macmillan 's success in bending Amazon to its will represents a tipping point in the book industry – a shift in power from online distributors to content owners , who after all , have an effective " monopoly " on every product in their catalogs .
This past weekend 's hardball negotiations between Amazon and Macmillan came on the heels of Apple 's announcement that its iPad device and iBook store would compete with Amazon 's Kindle ecosystem .
Apple 's iBook store will likely be subject to the same control by Macmillan and other publishers .
Ironically , another Apple media store provided fuel for Macmillan 's argument that it should be in charge of Amazon 's e-book pricing .
The Amazon / Macmillan dispute is eerily reminiscent of Apple 's pricing battle with record labels , which eventually succeeded in forcing iTunes to end its flat 99 - cent price by setting song prices at three different tiers — 69 cents , 99 cents , or $ 1.29 .
The overall result there was to shift power over how music is sold from Apple , which created the market for digital music , to the labels , because they have a monopoly on most popular music .
Amazon says it had no choice in the matter :
It had to cede pricing control to Macmillan , even though that meant increasing its e-book prices ( thereby decreasing the attractiveness of its Kindle hardware ) because " Macmillan has a monopoly over their own titles . "
The record labels enjoy the same sort of monopoly , as do movie and television studios .
This weekend 's spat between Amazon and a major book publisher is no mere blip on the radar , but rather part of a trend towards content owners dictating the terms of how their content is sold .
Last decade was all about tech companies eliminating brick - and - mortar middlemen .
This decade could see content owners get the last laugh , leveraging creative monopolies to wrest control from Amazon , iTunes and other innovators .
From the success of Hulu , ESPN360 and ( most likely ) Vevo , to the record labels ' control over pricing in the iTunes and Amazon MP3 music stores , to Macmillan 's publishing business , to The New York Times ' metered access , the companies with the copyrights have succeeded in grabbing control over distribution from tech startups who created the market for these digital goods .
On Silicon Alley Insider , Henry Blodget claims the world does not need Macmillan or any other publisher , now that Amazon ( and soon Apple 's iBook store ) can distribute just about any book without worrying about how good it is , due to inexpensive digital distribution .
" Good books will always be published , " writes Blodget .
" Perhaps not in precisely the same form , but they 'll be published .
And , thanks to Amazon 's new low - cost distribution model , more of them will eventually be published than ever .
We do n't need someone like Macmillan sitting between us and good books . "
Regardless of whether we need book publishers , we 'll get them anyway .
Copyright holders in just about every content industry we can think of are taking advantage of the bulk - negotiating power that comes with owning a large catalog of works , in order to seize control of distribution and pricing .
Besides , who 's going to pay royalty advances to authors so they can have time to write books ?
Amazon ?
We 'll believe it when we see it .
Ultimately , the result of these land grabs is higher prices for consumers .
To many of them — and apparently to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , too — e-books should be cheaper than their physical counterparts , if only because they involve no duplication , inventory or shipping costs .
However , because content owners hold all the cards , the pricing of digital goods increasingly fails to reflect those reduced costs .
Macmillan CEO
John Sargent claims
Amazon will make more money under the new deal , receiving 30 percent of the price of each book sold .
If Macmillan is right , and people are willing to pay physical - book prices for digital books , both Macmillan and Amazon stand to make more money , by pocketing the digital - distribution surplus .
See Also :
Photo courtesy Flickr / goXunuReviews
Recently , whistleblower Andrew Maguire gained substantial notoriety among LBMA circles after disclosing what could be an epic cabal of commodity price manipulation , and was subsequently involved in what could be classified as an attempted hit - and - run .
In a first media appearance , Andrew is interviewed in this exclusive with Eric King of King World News , where he is joined by GATA director Adrian Douglas , who also made ripples at the recent CFTC hearing in which he used the words of former Goldman analyst Jeffrey Christian against him in proving that the gold market is nothing but one big Ponzi , in which a run to deliverables would result in 99 % unsecured claims ( a 1 in 100 dilution ) .
As Eric King summarizes :
Andrew Maguire , independent metals trader turned whistleblower is in the center of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries , banks and government leaders .
Adrian Douglas Board of Director from GATA , the man who Andrew reached out to also joins in this interview where they discuss a fraud so extraordinary and so unimaginable that it is the kind of thing that hollywood thrillers are made of .
In this interview they also discuss the CFTC sponsored meeting on metals which was an unmitigated disaster because it additionally exposed the fraud on a grander scale .
Thanks to GATA , Adrian and everyone else involved in helping to make this exclusive King World News interview possible .
Click here for the full interview
Mac ’s are amazingly reliable and have few problems , but it ’s not incredibly unusual to run into problems connecting to a wireless network .
If you ’re having problems connecting your Mac wirelessly to an Airport or other WiFi router , check out this guide and try out these troubleshooting tips to fix your wireless internet connection .
Mac Wireless & Airport Connection Problem Troubleshooting : The Basics
* Turn Airport on & off – You can do this via the Airport menu bar or from the Network Preferences .
This is the first thing you should try when troubleshooting Mac wireless problems .
* Reset your router –
This is the second thing you should try doing .
You can fix a surprising amount of wireless problems just by resetting the airport / router .
All you need to do is turn the thing off for a few seconds and turn it back on .
* Reset your Cable / DSL modem –
You ’ll usually want to reset this in combination with your wireless router .
Reset this first so the DHCP information will be pulled to the wireless router properly .
* Change Wireless Channels – sometimes your router ’s wireless broadcast channel will interfere with a neighbors , be sure you have your router set to a unique channel .
Even if it ’s a weak signal there can still be interference .
* Make sure Wireless / Airport card software & firmware is up to date –
This is usually done just by going to the Software Update menu , if there are any updates available for your Mac or Airport , install them .
Mac Wireless Troubleshooting : Intermediate
* Change wireless security protocol –
You should n’t be using WEP anyway for security reasons , but sometimes changing from WEP to WPA / WPA2 or WPA to WPA2 can resolve wireless connection difficulties .
* Make sure router firmware is up to date – Check your router manufacturers website for firmware updates , if there are any available , install them .
* Delete and recreate connection – Try deleting and recreating / reestablishing the wireless connection , sometimes a setting can be corrupted and this may fix it .
* Create a new Network Location – Similar to the above suggestion , try creating a new and different wireless network location to see if it resolves the connection problems .
* Change DHCP auto settings to manual – sometimes there is a problem with the DHCP server , and if you manually set an IP address on the network you can be fine .
Remember to set the IP to a high number so it would n’t interfere with other DHCP machines .
As long as you have the subnet mask , router , and DNS settings configured manually as well , this should n’t be a problem .
* Disable “ Wireless G/ N / B only ” mode – Sometimes a setting is selected that only broadcasts your wireless signal in Wireless B , G , or N mode ( depending on the routers abilities ) .
If this is set , try disabling it .
* Flush the DNS cache – Launch the Terminal and enter the following command onto one full line within the Terminal :
dscacheutil - flushcache
Mac Wireless Connection Problem Troubleshooting : Advanced
* Zap the PRAM – Reboot your Mac and hold Command + Option + P+R during restart until you hear another chime , let the Mac boot as usual .
* Delete Wireless Config files – Delete com.apple.internetconfigpriv.plist and com.apple.internetconfig.plist files from ~/ Library / Preferences and reboot
* Trash your home directories SystemConfiguration – Remove all files within ~/ Library / Preferences / SystemConfiguration / and then reboot your Mac .
* Reset your Mac ’s System Management Controller ( SMC ) – For MacBook and MacBook Pro’s : Shutdown the MacBook / Pro , remove the battery , disconnect the power , hold the Power Key for 15 seconds .
Replace the battery , reconnect power , and zap the PRAM and wait for 2 chimes before letting the keys go .
Let boot as usual .
Many of these tips are from our fixing dropped wireless airport connection problems in Snow Leopard article .
“ Let your ‘ yes ’ be ‘ yes , ’ and your ‘ no ’ be ‘ no ’ ; anything more than this comes from the evil one . ”
~ Jesus of Nazareth , as quoted in Matthew 5:37
Years ago , somebody coined the aphorism , “ ‘ No ’ is a complete sentence . ”
While some grammarians might disagree with that conclusion , “ no ” is incontrovertibly the most powerful word that a freedom - focused individual can utter — assuming , of course , that he has the fortitude to let it be his final answer .
To say “ no ” in reply to an offer , suggestion , or demand is to assert authority .
The same can be said of “ yes , ” but only when it is said in particular circumstances .
“ Yes ” can signify either honorable agreement or craven submission .
Saying “ no , ” on the other hand , is a way of claiming one ’s sovereignty and demanding that it be respected .
Refusing consent is an assertion of the most elemental property right .
Saying “ no ” during a business negotiation may abort a transaction , or it may facilitate a mutually agreeable arrangement on slightly different terms .
In either case , parties involved in such a conversation understand and respect the sovereignty of each other , and agreement does n’t occur until and unless both sovereign actors are satisfied with the terms .
The Freedom Outlaw&rsq ...
Wolfe , Claire Best Price : $ 14.10 Buy New $ 57.50 ( as of 03:45 EST - Details )
When “ yes ” is said in this context , the rights and interests of both parties are protected , assuming that both follow the admonition from the Sermon on the Mount that they will make good on the promises they freely made .
We are routinely told that the government ruling us rests on the “ consent ” of the governed .
“ Submission ” is a more appropriate term .
Think of it for a second :
How often does the State recognize our right to withhold consent ?
Are those in the State ’s employ generally willing to accept “ no ” as a final answer , or do they generally treat it as an act of criminal rebellion ?
In myriad ways , from the smallest imposition to the most grotesque mass murder , agents of the State treat non-compliance as justification for the use of potentially lethal force .
If an armed stranger in a state - issued costume demands that you submit to an abduction called an “ arrest ” despite the fact that you ’ve done nothing to injure anybody , what will happen to you if you refuse to cooperate ?
Consider the Census drone who just materialized on your doorstep .
He may appear to be a harmless and inoffensive guy who ’s just overjoyed to be getting ( not “ earning , ” mind you ) a paycheck as the economy implodes .
But if you assert your independence by turning him away outright , or even by supplying him with no more than the minimal information he ’s “ legally ” permitted to acquire , the State that employs him may seek to steal up to $ 5,000 from you as punishment for your refusal to consent .
Today , as it was in the days of Caesar Augustus , the census is intimately connected to the State ’s practice of official theft via taxation .
The IRS , with a brazen dishonesty appropriate to any totalitarian enforcement agency , insists that collection of the income tax depends on the “ voluntary compliance ” of tax slaves .
This is true in exactly the same sense that the consummation of any other extortion demand depends on the “ voluntary compliance ” of the victims .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
The otherwise charming western Idaho town in which my family lives is home to a tax accounting firm claiming the perfectly Orwellian name “ Liberty Tax Service . ”
The “ service ” offered by firms of that kind is a bit like what we could expect from a “ dating ” service catering to rapists .
A sign displayed near the firm ’s storefront office proclaims , “ Satisfaction guaranteed ” — as if satisfaction should be the victim ’s appropriate response to being efficiently and professionally robbed by an insatiable assailant .
To maintain the illusion of consent , the State promotes the fiction of “ representative government . ”
In such a system some people can supposedly “ consent ” to the theft of property belonging to other people , and sanctify the plunder as an act of “ mutual ” consent .
Exactly the same claim can be made by any other robber band .
Of course , this comparison is unfair , since private criminals rarely treat their victims to sanctimonious lectures about their lack of “ public - spiritedness . ”
This is one reason , among many , why democracy is the most insidious form of tyranny .
Few , if any , have penetrated to the heart of the evil pretense of “ representative government ” more incisively than Chief Joseph during the U.S. Government ’s campaign to expropriate the heroic Nez Perce Indians .
Like many other Indian communities , the Nez Perce had no central governing authority .
This complicated matters when Washington sought out an individual leader , or ruling oligarchy , whom it could seduce or intimidate into “ consenting ” to the theft of Nez Perce lands .
Washington solved that problem by creating a central government and appointing a Quisling “ leader ” — named , quite suitably , Lawyer — who promptly signed over the Wallowa Valley in the name of the entire tribe .
( This would become a model for the dispossession of Indians across the continent , and it continues today wherever hapless people enjoy the blessings of U.S. - imposed “ liberation ” ; think of the U.S. - created puppet “ governments ” in Iraq and Afghanistan . )
The Road to Serfdom : T... F. A. Hayek , Bruce Cal ... Best Price : $ 3.06 Buy New $ 1.99 ( as of 03:40 EST - Details )
In 1877 , General Oliver O. Howard summoned Joseph and other Nez Perce chiefs to a meeting at which it was announced that they would be evicted from lands they had not sold .
Neither Joseph nor his compatriots had consented to the 1863 treaty signed by Lawyer .
Howard had repeatedly acknowledged that there was no legal or moral justification for the seizure of the Wallowa Valley and the confinement of the Nez Perce to a reservation .
Yet when required to do so Howard was willing to carry out his orders to “ occupy the Wallowa Valley in the interest of peace . ”
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
Displaying a patience transcending that of most Christian saints , Joseph made one final appeal to Howard ’s conscience in the form of a property rights parable every bit as lucid and cogent as anything given birth by Frdric Bastiat ’s capable pen .
“ Suppose a white man should come to me and say , ‘ Joseph , I like your horses .
I want to buy them , ' ” Joseph stated .
“ I say to him , ‘ No , my horses suit me ; I will not sell them . ’
Then he goes to my neighbor and says , ‘ Pay me money , and I will sell you Joseph ’s horses . ’
The white man returns to me and says , ‘ Joseph , I have bought your horses and you must let me have them . ' ”
“ If we sold our lands to the government , ” Joseph concluded , “ this is the way they bought them . ”
This mattered not at all to Howard , who — despite his oft - repeated claim to be a Christian believer — was content to act as an instrument of official corruption .
Seeking to protect his people from a war with a vastly more powerful and utterly amoral enemy , Joseph relented to the demand that the Nez Perce relocate to the Lapwai reservation .
This did n’t end the matter , however , as hostilities between Indians and settlers led to bloodshed .
Matters came to a head when a group of irregular troops — defying a truce flag — fired on a Nez Perce encampment at White Bird Canyon , leading to an engagement in which the U.S.
Army endured an unambiguous , and richly deserved , ass - thrashing .
Joseph would later lead his 700 - member band — most of whom were non-combatants — on a 1,500 - mile strategic retreat , repeatedly winning hit - and - run engagements against the U.S. Army .
Eventually Joseph and his band were cut off by a force commanded by Colonel Nelson Miles near Montana ’s Bear Paw Mountains , just forty miles shy of freedom in Canada .
If the objective was to force the Nez Perce to remove themselves from the Wallowa Valley , why did Washington insist on capturing them , rather than allowing them to leave the country ?
The answer is obvious to anyone who understands the malignant logic of government : Joseph and his colleagues had ultimately refused to submit .
Yes , they agreed , in the face of prohibitively superior force , to go on the reservation .
But when they came under criminal assault , the Nez Perce acquitted themselves as men , rather than serfs .
They reclaimed the right to say “ no , ” and they stuck with that answer .
To those who presumed to be their masters , it was impermissible for the Nez Perce to leave the United States on their own terms .
Sitting Bull , who had fled to Canada with his Sioux band , received similar treatment for exactly the same “ offense . ”
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:00 EST - Details )
In 1875 , when he was informed by a federal emissary that Washington wanted to purchase the Black Hills , Sitting Bull clutched a pinch of earth and , releasing it to the wind , replied : “ I do not want to sell any land to the government — not even as much as this . "
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
The following year , Sitting Bull and his allies annihilated Custer ’s force at the Battle of Greasy Grass , an engagement the losers refer to as the Battle of the Little Bighorn .
That Sioux triumph is the last victory won by any Americans in an armed struggle for freedom prior to the Branch Davidians ’ successful defense of their home against the ATF ’s criminal assault in February 1993 .
Alas , both of those triumphs proved to be tragically reversible .
Amid mounting retaliation by Washington , Sitting Bull and his band withdrew to Canada .
In July 1881 , facing the specter of death by starvation , they returned to the United States .
After being illegally imprisoned at Fort Randall , Sitting Bull was forced to endure a totalitarian homily preached by Republican Senator John Logan of Illinois .
“ You are not a great chief of this country , " Logan declared .
" You have no following , no power , no control , and no right to any control .
You are on an Indian reservation merely at the sufferance of the government .
You are fed by the government , clothed by the government , your children are educated by the government , and all that you have and are today is because of the government … .
The government feeds and clothes and educates your children now , and desires to teach you to become farmers , and to civilize you , and make you as white men . "
In the interests of brevity , Logan could have stated the same case in a single austere phrase :
From now on , you are not permitted to say “ no . ”
The Leviathan State slaughtered , persecuted , and dispossessed Indians in order to compel them to live “ as white men . ”
That same State is now reducing Americans of all descriptions to a status akin to that of the conquered Indians : Helpless , dispossessed , subject to whatever our rulers see fit to impose on us .
Sitting Bull was murdered by police on the morning of December 15 , 1890 :
The unarmed chief was shot in the chest after refusing to submit to an unlawful arrest .
In death , however , he claimed a small but priceless victory by reclaiming his right to say “ no . ”
The all - pervasive influence of our enemy , the State , offers us an ironic blessing in the form of myriad opportunities to win similar victories — if we have the fortitude to say “ no ” and mean it .
If enough of those victories accumulate , eventually the state will be undone .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new eco-city being built in the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) , Masdar City , will be the world ’s first clean technology city , relying entirely on renewable energy sources , and being free of cars , skyscrapers and waste .
Masdar is being built by the Abu Dhabi National Energy , Global Energy Company UAE , as a walled “ clean technology cluster ” on the outskirts of Abu Dhabi , the capital of UAE , and close to the Abu Dhabi airport .
The terrain in the region is inhospitable desert , but the six square kilometer city is planned to support a population of 50,000 people sustainably , using the blazing desert sun as its main energy source .
The solar farm to power the city is already built , and is the largest in the Middle East .
The city will also be home to a university and over 1,000 businesses .
The boundary walls prevent outward sprawl and keep the city compact , and there will be no skyscrapers .
The narrow streets will be lined with buildings close enough to shade each other , with the vertical faces fitted with screens to keep out the sun but allow the breezes to flow through .
The streets are designed for pedestrians , and no conventional cars will be allowed through the city gates .
Electric vehicles will be allowed within the walls , and other modes of transport include a Personal Rapid Transit system , or driverless podcars powered by solar - generated electricity .
The podcars will be guided by magnetic sensors and go wherever you tell them to , but stop immediately if an obstacle is in the way .
With no conventional vehicles , the quality of air in the city will be excellent , and according to the director of the project , Kaled Awad , “ that alone will bring you safety , health and happiness . ”
Other ideas being tried out in the developing city include a circular array of mirrors on the ground that focuses light on a tower in the center .
The tower redirects the one - meter wide concentrated beam of light down to a system that collects the heat to drive generators .
Another idea is using thin foil coverings to keep out heat .
Gerard Evenden , the chief architect , said this idea originated in a proposal for a moon base .
Another innovation is a 45 m wind tower that will draw breezes through the streets without using energy .
The tower will bear a beacon to show the city ’s energy use : blue for good and red for too much .
The city will be carbon neutral , using electricity only for its desalination plant , some air conditioning , and for gadgets .
According to the designers , the city ’s mantra in relation to power is : “ only use energy when you have exhausted design . ”
The city is designed by British architects Foster and Partners , and is largely being funded by Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Abu Dhabi ’s ruler .
The estimated cost is £ 10 - 20 bn ( $ 15 - 30bn ) .
Masdar is expected to be finished within 5 - 10 years and promises to become the Silicon Valley of renewable energy , providing a global hub for research and development of sustainable technologies .
Explore further Chicago Installs Solar Powered Charging Station for Electric Vehicles
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
The synod said it wanted television channels to portray acts of worship The Church of England 's general synod has voted to back a motion expressing " deep concern " at what it believes is a cut in religious TV programming .
But the synod drew back from singling out the BBC , instead backing a motion aimed at all mainstream broadcasters .
It called for more programming that " imaginatively marks major festivals " .
The BBC said it had increased its coverage in recent years , while Channel 4 said religious programmes were " at the heart of its schedule " .
Good Friday ' ignored '
Some members of the synod - effectively the Church 's parliament - believe there has been a reduction in the scope of broadcasting about religion and that it is undermining Christian influence in UK national life .
Nigel Holmes , a lay member , put forward the original motion singling out the BBC , saying its coverage was " frankly not good enough " .
" In radio , they have tended to value spiritual subjects , in television lack of innovation combined with marginalised scheduling would appear to suggest that they have largely shunned them , " he said .
" A fortnight ago the BBC announced that it was commissioning research with a view to improving the representation of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The BBC should exist to educate and entertain , not to indoctrinate Olly , London " Perhaps it could do the same for those who proclaim a faith . "
Mr Holmes said his motion had been triggered by his feeling that the BBC " seemed to ignore the Christian significance " of Good Friday in 2009 .
But the synod rejected his motion and instead voted by 267 to 4 in favour of expressing " deep concern about the overall reduction in religious broadcasting across British television in recent years " .
The Venerable Jan McFarlane , the Archdeacon of Norwich , said " putting the BBC on the naughty step " would do little to improve relations or programming .
The Bishop of Manchester , the Rt Rev Nigel McCulloch , said the Church of England needed to recognise and " cherish " what was already on offer , highlighting BBC programmes such as A History Of Christianity and Songs of Praise .
" Religious programming has a proper place across all the public service broadcasters ; do n't let them off the hook by naming only the BBC in the motion , " he added .
Earlier , the BBC 's head of religion and ethics , Aaqil Ahmed , admitted last year 's television programmes on Good Friday could have been done better .
But he said : " The Charter says that we should be doing 110 hours .
We 're doing 164 this year .
We are currently airing a seven - part series on the Bible in the middle of peak time
Channel 4 spokesman
" If you look at the broader broadcasting ecology , if you look at what 's happening at ITV , channel Five , Channel 4 , everybody is turning their back on religion , but we live in a time when the BBC is n't doing that , " he said .
A spokesman for Channel 4 said it was " committed to providing alternative viewpoints in religion and putting religious programming at the heart of its schedule " .
" We are currently airing a seven - part series on the Bible in the middle of peak time .
This follows on the back of other major peak - time series on the history of Christianity and a new religion strand called Revelations . "
' Evangelical tool '
The National Secular Society said research suggested religious programmes were not popular or valued .
" It is important the BBC is not bullied into becoming an evangelical tool for the Church of England while ignoring the clearly expressed wishes of the licence - payer , " said president Terry Sanderson .
Meanwhile , another motion is calling on the synod to support traditionalist Anglicans who have set up their own Church in North America .
It was established in opposition to the ordination of a gay bishop and the blessing of same - sex relationships by the Anglican Churches in the United States and Canada .
Recognising the breakaway church would not bring it into the Anglican Communion , but it would represent a significant snub to the official Anglican Churches there , BBC religious affairs correspondent Robert Piggott said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
China on Tuesday denied any role in alleged cyberattacks on Indian government offices , calling China itself the biggest victim of hackers .
When asked about Google 's allegation that cyberattacks launched from China hit the U.S. search giant , foreign ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said Chinese companies were also often hit by cyberattacks .
" China is the biggest victim of hacking attacks , " Ma said , citing the example of top Chinese search engine Baidu.com being hacked last week .
Google last week said it might exit China after being hit by recent hacking attempts largely aimed at accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
It also said it planned to hold talks with Chinese authorities about whether it could offer an uncensored version of its local search engine .
Ma said he did not know if Chinese authorities had started talks with Google .
A Google spokeswoman did not confirm a Bloomberg news report that Google and China had already started the talks .
" That 's not what we 've been saying , " she said in an e-mail .
An Indian official has reportedly said local government offices including that of India 's National Security Advisor were also targeted last month by hackers believed to be from China .
Ma said the allegation was baseless .
You know about that potential G1 update we told you about on Monday ?
Well its time now .
T - Mobile needs your help !
T- Mobile has now launched the software trial program for G1 owners called “ Voice Plus Beta ” .
All the details after the jump !
This program is on a first come first serve basis , so get it while you can !
T- Mobile
UPDATE : T - Mobile claims that it does n’t have a firm date for when the beta program will launch , but is shooting for next week .
T- Mobile
T- Mobile is continually looking for ways to bring new , unique innovation to our customers .
We are in the process of developing a new service called T - Mobile Voice Plus to help you manage calls and voicemail on your mobile phone .
We are kicking off a beta program exclusively for T - Mobile G1 users to get your feedback !
T- Mobile Voice Plus Beta offers the following features :
Call Divert : Carve out a little peace and quiet by sending selected numbers straight to voicemail without ringing your phone .
Call Defer :
Let callers know you ’re busy and schedule a convenient time for you to call them back .
Send them a text message that acknowledges their call and that you will respond at a later time .
Visual Voicemail : Easily manage your voicemail !
View a list of who left a voicemail , with the time of the message and its length .
Choose which to listen to now and which to review later .
City ID : Get more information about the calls you receive .
The city and state information of incoming calls is displayed .
Requirements to participate in the T - Mobile Voice Plus Beta :
The download will be made available to the select number of T - Mobile G1 customers who reply with an email to voiceplusbeta@t-mobile.com .
Be among the first to respond to secure your chance to participate in this beta !
Your e-mail MUST include :
Email subject line : Voice Plus Beta
IMEI Number
NOTE : Your IMEI can be found in your phone ’s Status menu ( Menu > Settings >
About phone > Status ) , from the dialer : *#06 # , or on the sticker under your battery .
Your T - Mobile telephone number , with area code
NOTE : You will need to accept the T - Mobile Terms and Conditions in order to use the T - Mobile Voice Plus Beta .
The Terms and Conditions will show when you open the downloaded T - Mobile Voice Plus Beta application .
Your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions allows us to collect information about your use of the application ’s features .
FAQ’s
Why can only G1 customers participate ?
T- Mobile Voice Plus is in its early stages of development and is currently being tested by T - Mobile G1 customers .
We selected G1 customers to participate in the beta program for T - Mobile Voice Plus given these customers tend to be at the forefront of new developments in technology and have been loyal T - Mobile customers with an affinity for testing new mobile products and applications .
How long will you accept G1 customers into the T - Mobile Voice Plus Beta ?
T- Mobile is accepting a select number of G1 customers into the T - Mobile Voice Plus beta program on a first - come basis .
Why are you hosting a beta program for T - Mobile Voice Plus ?
T- Mobile continually looks for opportunities to provide our customers with the latest innovation that drives benefits for our customers and is excited to gather valuable feedback on T - Mobile Voice Plus .
When do you plan on launching T - Mobile Voice Plus ?
T- Mobile is excited to gather valuable feedback on T - Mobile Voice Plus from our G1 community .
We do n’t have anything to announce at this time regarding when T - Mobile Voice Plus will be available .
Will T - Mobile Voice Plus be available on other platforms ?
Is this an Android - only feature ?
T- Mobile is excited to gather valuable feedback on T - Mobile Voice Plus from our G1 community , and Voice Plus is only available to the select group participating in the beta at this time .
What if I already have the T - Mobile Visual Voicemail application installed on my device ?
Will it interfere ?
No , the Voice Plus Beta will not interfere with the existing T - Mobile Visual Voicemail Application .
Both will work independently of each other .
Studies show that certain brain structures are smaller or larger than normal in alcohol - exposed children , while brain regions in meth - exposed children were similarly affected , if not more so .
Shown in color are brain areas that differed among alcohol - exposed , meth - exposed and unexposed children -- notably the caudate nucleus ( left ) and the cingulate cortex ( right ) .
Superimposed graphs show group differences .
Credit : Courtesy , with permission : Sowell et al .
The Journal of Neuroscience 2010
Children whose mothers abused methamphetamine ( meth ) during pregnancy show brain abnormalities that may be more severe than that of children exposed to alcohol prenatally , according to a study in the March 17 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
While researchers have long known that drug abuse during pregnancy can alter fetal brain development , this finding shows the potential impact of meth .
Identifying vulnerable brain structures may help predict particular learning and behavioral problems in meth - exposed children .
" We know that alcohol exposure is toxic to the developing fetus and can result in lifelong brain , cognitive , and behavioral problems , " said Elizabeth Sowell , PhD , of the University of California , Los Angeles , who led the research team .
" In this study , we show that the effects of prenatal meth exposure , or the combination of meth and alcohol exposure , may actually be worse .
Our findings stress the importance of drug abuse treatment for pregnant women , " Sowell said .
A structure called the caudate nucleus , which is important for learning and memory , motor control , and motivation , was one of the regions more reduced by meth than alcohol exposure .
Of the more than 16 million Americans over the age of 12 who have used meth , about 19,000 are pregnant women , according to data from the National Surveys on Drug Use and Health .
About half of women who say they used meth during pregnancy also used alcohol , so isolating the effects of meth on the developing brain is difficult .
Sowell 's team evaluated the specific effects of prenatal meth - exposure by comparing brain scans of 61 children : 21 with prenatal meth and alcohol exposure , 13 with heavy alcohol exposure only , and 27 unexposed .
Structural magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) showed that the sizes and shapes of certain brain structures varied depending on prenatal drug exposure .
Previous studies have shown that certain brain structures are smaller in alcohol - exposed children .
In this study , the authors found these brain regions in meth - exposed children were similar to the alcohol - exposed children , and in some areas were smaller still .
Some brain regions were larger than normal .
An abnormal volume increase was noted in meth - exposed children in a region called the cingulate cortex , which is associated with control and conflict resolution .
The researchers were also able to predict a child 's past exposure to drugs based on brain images and IQ information .
Detailed data about vulnerable brain structures may eventually be used to diagnose children with cognitive or behavioral problems but without well - documented histories of drug exposure .
Christian Beaulieu , PhD , of the University of Alberta in Canada , who was unaffiliated with the study , said this finding will help researchers understand which brain areas are most sensitive to injury during development .
" Ultimately , the goal would be to come up with strategies to first , minimize brain damage in the womb , and second , to improve the child 's cognitive performance , " Beaulieu said .
Explore further Prenatal meth exposure linked to abnormal brain development
Supreme Commander was a strategy game that got a great many things right , and it earned a ton of critical acclaim .
As a result , the game 's soon - to - be - released sequel , Supreme Commander 2 , has some high standards to measure up against .
Gas Powered Games ' founder and CEO Chris Taylor is not only planning meet these expectations , he 's certain that his studio will exceed them without a problem .
Though the original game was published in 2007 , it only had one expansion before the sequel was announced in November 2008 .
The announcement took many fans by surprise , as plans for another expansion , Supreme Commander : Experimentals , had been mentioned ; but these expansion plans were never seen through to completion .
When Ars asked Taylor about what happened , he explained , " we were very hopeful about that expansion as well , but with the economy shifting under our feet , we instead chose to focus on the projects further along in development . "
However , based on what Taylor 's revealed about Supreme Commander 2 , it sounds like it will have been worth the wait for fans of the series .
Picking up where things left off
According to Taylor , Supreme Commander 2 will feature a story that continues the narrative of the first game , but it takes place far enough in the future to avoid confusing players new to the series .
" The game story does indeed pick up after the events of the first two games , but Supreme Commander 2 does n’t tie the plot lines together ; rather , it tells the story of individuals who grew up at the tail end of the last war and during the peaceful time . "
" We start 25 years after the defeat of the Seraphim , and things get interesting when the President of the Coalition is assassinated .
The player takes the role of various commanders , with the first being Migraine Maddox as he learns of the assassination and has to defend an outpost from there the story unfolds . "
As other RTS series have taught us , a new story means new playable factions .
Many fans of the first Supreme Commander have been expecting to play as the Seraphim , which were an available faction in the Forged Alliance expansion .
At the moment , Taylor wo n't confirm the Seraphim 's appearance in the sequel , though he did admit that the United Earth Federation , Cybran Nation , and Aeon Illuminate will reappear .
" We brought back two of the original factions , the UEF and Cybran , and made some big changes on the third , which is now called the Illuminate .
We definitely wanted players to be able to jump in with a familiarity of sorts , but we heavily redesigned each faction to give a fresh experience as well carefully balancing the two . "
A new story to experience and new armies to control are n't the only fresh things players can expect , either .
Supreme Commander received praise for its use of technical features like multi-core processing and support for multiple monitors .
According to Taylor , gamers will still be able to enjoy these features , as well as a couple of new ones .
" We will still be supporting those features , and have added Eyefinity support as well , which is wild to play on with up to six monitors , " he said .
" The biggest thing players will notice about the game is how fast it performs , as the entire rendering engine was rebuilt from the ground up .
Another huge technical innovation was the development of our FlowField system , which is a total game changer for path - finding .
The FlowField system is a faster system , allowing higher frame rates , and allows the player complete immersion into the game . "
More than just a game , this is a return to form
Gas Powered Games is n't content to produce just one type of game .
Since the company was founded in 2002 , it has produced games like Dungeon Siege , Space Siege , and Demigod , to name a few .
Taylor 's history in the gaming industry stretches back even further ; during his time with Cavedog Entertainment , he was a designer and then project leader for Total Annihilation , another excellent sci - fi - themed RTS series .
For him , the Supreme Commander games are a bit like coming home to his gaming roots .
" What was great about working on the original Supreme Commander design was that the technology had advanced quite a bit since Total Annihilation was released .
If you look at the two games , side - by - side , there ’s a vast difference between them but the games are still connected you know , in how they play and feel the way the games are so over - the - top and extreme . "
But just because Supreme Commander is a return to Taylor 's sci- fi strategy roots does n't mean he wo n't be doing more fantasy - themed games in the future .
When asked if he prefers one genre over the other , Taylor said that he likes both .
" They both offer something very appealing creatively , " he said .
" I would n’t really want to pick , as I think it ’s so much better to switch back and forth , as it keeps the creative juices flowing much better that way . "
One of the biggest challenges that Gas Powered Games has experienced with Supreme Commander 2 has been that it 's working on a game with high expectations established by its predecessor .
According to Taylor , " that ’s always a big challenge for game developers .
We do the best with the time we have , and with solid planning and some good luck , everything comes together nicely . "
With Supreme Commander 2 due out in March for both PCs and 360 consoles , gamers will get to see how nicely things came together for Gas Powered Games .
Taylor is optimistic about its near - future release , and he 's more than happy to share the credit when it comes to the game 's quality .
" For this title , " he said , " I must give credit to the team , as they worked extremely hard and are some of the smartest people I ’ve come to know in the business and this hard work really shines through in the game . "
Newzbin , a major indexer of Usenet newsgroup binaries , has been hammered by a UK judge .
Though the site claimed to be nothing more than a " Google for Usenet " that indexed all sorts of useful material , the judge found that site operators knew about copyright infringement , did nothing to stop it , and in fact designed a site meant to encourage it .
Newzbin made it simple for Usenet users to access binary files .
Without the service , it could be tedious to collect and decode the many parts of a video file , for instance ; even finding them was difficult , since Usenet lacks good search features .
Newzbin did the hard work of sorting through Usenet uploads , collecting the useful information , and packaging it into a tiny NZB file .
Newsreaders that could handle such files would then be able to grab every part of a movie at once and reassemble it with minimal effort .
Newzbin hosted no content of its own , but it made plenty of money from this curating service by charging 30 pence a week for access .
According to court documents , the company pulled down more than £ 1 million in 2009 , with £ 415,000 doled out to stakeholders , and another £ 360,000 in profit .
It almost goes without saying that much of the activity of Usenet binary groups involves the illegal distribution of copyrighted works .
Movie studios sued the site in London ; a trial was held in February and March , and Mr. Justice Kitchin has just handed down his verdict : Newzbin was liable for infringement , despite hosting no files .
Both Newzbin and The Pirate Bay mounted the same " we 're just like Google ! " defenses ; neither worked , nor did the Grokster defense in the US .
Judges do care — a lot — about companies that appear to make a business of infringing activity , while still accepting the idea of safe harbors in cases where " infringement " does not appear to be the main activity .
People are searching for ... home movies ?
Chris Elsworth , the main operator of Newzbin , said repeatedly at trial that infringing content was only a small part of what he indexed , that he had no knowledge of infringement occurring on the service , and that Newzbin 's categories for " CAM , " " screener , " " telesync , " " DVD , " R5 retail , " Blu-ray , " and " HD DVD " really did n't suggest any evidence of infringement .
The studios said this was laughable .
They produced a survey of 50,000 Newzbin " reports " on Usenet movie content .
97.5 percent of them contained a link to a valid Internet Movie Database entry , something editors routinely supplied when curating material — and which the judge took as strong evidence that the content in question was a commercial film .
Another 0.7 percent had a valid Amazon link , while " a further 1.5 percent were shown to be commercially available upon further investigation . "
What remained ?
0.3 percent of the content .
The judge was n't buying Newzbin 's " We 're shocked , SHOCKED ! " defense .
In his decision , he cites several exchanges between the studios ' lawyer and Elsworth that the judge found literally incredible .
Elsworth insisted that he had no idea copyright infringement was why people signed up for Newzbin , and he disputed whether his editors did anything to make such infringement easier .
When asked about 2006 forum posts in which an editor requested that Newzbin add " attribute " tags for HD DVD and Blu-ray , the studio lawyer tried to show that Elsworth knew such items were likely infringing .
Q . And in fact you know that 's what 's intended to go in there are movies that are released on those formats , do n't you ?
A . After reading this post , I do see that he looks like he is intending to put commercial movies in those formats .
Q . You 've always intended that , have n't you ?
A . No , I generate the attributes on — whenever the editors ask for them .
I do n't know what they 're going to put in them .
Q. Is that your evidence ?
So when you add Blu-ray and HD DVD , you 've got no idea — you had no idea that movies were being released on them and that that was what the categories were intended for , is that your evidence ?
A . It 's not a given that a Blu-ray media disc will contain a copyright movie .
There are plenty , I 'm sure , of copyright - free Blu-rays that people would want to put in there .
The lawyer pressed Elsworth on this argument , asking what else might conceivably be intended if not commercial films ?
A . No , I would not say that person had copyright infringement in mind .
I would say that person looks like he just wants to report Blu-rays .
He cites a reason for adding the Blu-ray category as they are being cracked but he does not cite a specific intention to report copyrighted Blu-rays .
Q. Well , what else would it be ?
A. I do n't know .
Q . Why would it be Blu-rays that would need cracking ?
A. I do n't know .
Q . You can't come up with any explanation other than a copyright - protected commercial movie , can you ?
A. No .
Also in 2006 , Elsworth was asked about some new functionality that would let Newzbin users search inside the NFO files associated with many Usenet movie uploads for names of specific " stars . "
Did n't this indicate to Elsworth that people were interested in copyright infringement ?
Elsworth insisted valiantly that no ... it might have referred to people starring in " home movies . "
Q . So what this person is envisaging is searching under a movie star ?
A . He 's envisioning searching on anybody who may be in a video file , yes .
Q. Well , a movie star ; who stars in it , " who stars in the movie . "
A . That 's the wording he uses , yes .
Q . He 's talking about searching for a movie star ?
A . That 's not necessarily true .
Q. What else does it mean ?
A . You can star in a home video .
Q. An NFO file contains who stars in the movie .
Are you suggesting that what he might have in mind is some unknown ten year old , say , starring in the movie which has been filmed on a camcorder by their parents ?
A. I 'm suggesting that " movie " is a very broad definition of a video , and " starring " and you can star in any sort of video , not just a commercially released video .
Q . Of course , what we 're envisaging here is people who are third parties to the video or the movie searching for it .
So the unknown person who is starring in a movie , they are not going to be known , so you wo n't know the name to search for , will you ?
A . It depends if you are a friend or family of the star of the home video .
Q . They 'll give it to you then ; you wo n't be searching on Newzbin for it , will you ?
A. Perhaps .
Q . It 's quite plain that what this person has in mind is a facility which will enable him , because he has favourite movie stars , to acquire movies in that way , using your site , is it not ?
A. I do n't agree with that , no .
A skeptical judge
The judge found this evidence " simply not credible . "
In fact , the judge found large parts of testimony from Newzbin 's owners to be disingenuous .
For instance , the site says all the right things about not allowing copyright infringement , but the judge concluded that " this warning is entirely cosmetic and is neither intended to be nor is in fact acted upon by its editors . "
The judge then suggested that if Elsworth were serious about not trafficking in things like warez , that he might stop indexing groups like alt.binaries .
warez .
Elsworth " had no satisfactory explanation " for not doing this , wrote the judge , except that " on occasion these newsgroups contain noninfringing material too . "
When it came to taking down links to copyrighted content , Newzbin would do it — but only if companies mailed a complaint about a specific file by registered post to a given address .
The judge concluded that " this cumbersome process is entirely cosmetic and designed to render it impractical for rights holders to secure the removal of entries relating to infringing material from the Newzbin indexes . "
Finally , the judge noted that Nezbin was n't truly a " Google for Usenet " ; instead , all of its main features were targeted at indexing binaries , while text posts got short shrift .
The end result was the conclusion that Newzbin was liable for copyright infringement " because it has authorised the copying of the claimants ' files ; has procured and engaged with its premium members in a common design to copy the claimants ' files ; and has communicated the claimants ' files to the public . "
The judge agreed to an injunction against Newzbin that would bar it from hosting links to all films owned by the movies studios in the case , but the judge balked at the studios ' request for a blanket ban on all infringing material .
Damages will be decided later .
- Oh ! Father !
The map .
Here , we found this map with the officer we killed .
It is marked here , here , and here .
We think this is where he was having mines planted .
They seem to mostly be concentrated by the NW bank of the river .
I suggest you cross over at the ford here , right after the falls -
- Ah , I see you are right .
It is going to take us an extra hour due to the roundabout way … Leave without us , make camp at the next stand of woods you find , and we will try to catch up .
Keep heading South West until you start seeing signs for the Kharkiv Oblast , which is only about 6 kms from here .
Stay in the trees as much as you can , or otherwise only travel at night .
If you stay going SSW you ’ll eventually get to a village called Romanivka .
There is a post office there , or rather there should be a post office there , and the man who runs it is a friend of mine and will help you if you tell him that Augustine sent you .
Alright ?
Do you have that ?-
- South West , 6 km to Kharkiv , stay in the woods , Romanivka Post Office , Augustine -
- Comrade Hvorostovskya , your mind is like a steel bear trap !
Alright , fan out -
Father Agin and the Brothers Maslow gathered up two gunny sacks worth of camping gear and started heading due east towards the ravine carved into the granate by a tiny tributary of the Vorskla .
Pines and birch grew in a thick wall that hid the true depth of the ravine until one had all but fallen the full 10 meters down to the water below .
Father Agin knew the area because he used to hunt for truffles in the ravine back before the devils had been let out of Hell .
Another thing about the thick tree cover was one could not be seen from the ground or from the air ; as long as you stayed within 3 meters of the edge of the ravine , you could have moved an entire regiment through undetected .
The going was rough , though , with thick undergrowth and gnarled roots at ankle height .
Father Agin was no longer the outdoorsman he ’d been in his youth at seminary , and soon fell behind the leanly muscled and youthful twins .
Instead of calling them back , Father Agin decided to take the time to look about for something edible .
He scanned the ground as he kept up his hardy pace , grabbing a handful of clover here , some mushrooms there .
Soon he had filled his wool cap with nearly a pound of fresh food .
The sun had fully set , and they were even farther from the rendezvous than he had anticipated .
Father Agin puckered his lips and whistled out a lilting tune that sounded to unsuspecting ears like a dove calling out to its mate .
The commotion of the young men running ahead of him came to a sudden stop before getting louder and closer .
The two men appeared from out of the woods to Father Agin ’s left , and dropped a pile of dry branches , twigs , and leaves in a pile on the ground .
One of the brothers struck a match while the other gathered water in a small pail he ’d kept tied to his belt with a length of twine .
Father Agin pushed some flat rocks towards the center of the fire , hoping to use them later to keep warm in the growing chill of the steppe autumn .
The small pail was hung from a bent pine bough over the fire .
Father Agin threw in the mushrooms , clover , a few herbs , and the little bit of salted pork he had left from the German ration pack he ’d purloined during their last ambush raid .
The slapdash stew began to bubble and hiss , so the men pulled it from the fire , sit it on a stone , pulled out their spoons and got to eating .
- Why do you think the Germans are lingering around here for so long ?
They took the town and pushed the Red Army right out in a few days -
- Well , they know there are many of us out here still , partisans , and that they cannot secure their supply lines fully until they have swept us up .
I mean , do you know how much harder it is to get trucks out here ?
From Lviv to Kyiv is one thing , the roads are fine and passable all year round , but once you get out here in the steppe ?
Where there are no roads , and the mud can get up to your armpits ?-
- Perhaps it is that simple , Father , but I ca n’t help but be bothered by something Comrade Bogomolov told me -
- What is that , child ? -
- Well , his family , they …they murdered them all , and well , they murdered the families of all of Comrade Bogomolov ’s neighbor ’s , too -
- That is a tragedy -
- It is , father , but Comrade Bogomolov told me that all of his neighbors were Jews , as was his wife , and his children were being raised in the Jewish religion .
I did not know why he felt the need to tell me this .
They were farmers , not partisans or party members or anything .
There was no reason to kill them -
- They were Jews , that was reason enough for the Nazis .
These people are vampires , these Nazis , they want only blood .
Jewish blood , Slav blood , Soviet blood .
These Germans … I do not understand them , and I do not want them .
I want to kill them , that ’s all .
I want to see a pile of them a hundred feet high , and I want to set that pile alight for all the world to see , as a warning -
- Father , are the Nazis going this far into the Steppe in order …in order to hunt down our Jewish comrades specifically ?
Why bother , they are already fleeing East , the poor souls , just like the Germans say they wanted !
- Never trust the words that come from a German ’s mouth !
As I said , They are vampires , comrades , they want only blood .
I cannot fathom their final aim , but I will do all I can to thwart their plans -
- Our father told us that some of the other farmers were considering giving up the Jewish farmers from their collective in exchange for higher rations .
My father would not hear of it , and spat at their feet -
- Your father was a good man .
There is , unfortunately , a deep hatred and fear of our Jewish brothers embedded deep in Ukrainian hearts .
It is an ugly thing , a primeval and stupid thing , and something I wish our Party had had more time to stamp out with education .
Goddamn these Germans !
An entire den of antisemitism could have been swept clean , but now the Germans are using the hate in our own hearts as a weapon .
It makes me ill -
- Father Agin , should I put out the fire for tonight ?
Or I could stay up with it -
- No , no .
Do n’t bother doing either .
I will stay up with the fire .
It is far too dense in this forest for the fire to arouse any sort of attention .
Get some rest , my sons , and I will roust you if I hear anything -
Windows / Linux :
If you 're planning a re-install of your Linux system that might involve being offline , free utility " Sushi Huh ? " ( actual name ) can grab your software , and all the nagging dependencies , for easy installation without internet access .
Advertisement
The Sushi Huh ?
package is a no-installation - needed package that opens a new tab in your browser , asking for your distribution , version , and 32 - or 64 - bit platform specs .
After that , you check off the official repositories you want it to search through , and then check the packages you want to grab and download .
They 'll automatically appear in the folder you 're running Sushi Huh ? from ( inside / src / downloads ) , though you can run the app as an administrator to have it automatically search your package manager and grab whatever you 've got installed .
The packages Sushi Huh ?
downloads are ready to install without any dependencies or other requirements .
While Sushi Huh ? is helpful enough for Linux geeks looking to save themselves a download later , it 's really helpful as a tool you can run from Windows , especially if you need to grab the right wireless drivers for your Linux installation .
Sushi Huh ? is a free download , runs on Linux or Windows systems .
Advertisement
Sushi , Huh ? [ via Web Upd8 ]
Scary movies certainly are n’t for everyone .
People either love the thrill or hate the paranoia , there is little in between .
It takes a certain ...
However , the person he was in contact with was an undercover police officer in an online chat room seeking out child predators .
HAVANA , Cuba —
When the devastating earthquake hit Port - au - Prince , Cuba ’s emergency responders did n’t have far to travel .
There were already some 350 Cuban medical personnel working in Haiti , sent by the Castro government to provide free care in nearly every Haitian municipality .
Since then , the number of Cuban doctors , nurses and other medical workers deployed to the disaster area has risen to 618 , and the Cuban brigade is working alongside 402 Haitian graduates of Havana ’s Latin American School of Medicine .
According to Cuban authorities , these teams have treated more than 60,000 patients and performed more than 3,500 surgeries .
Their mission is driven by a simple principle , according to Fidel Castro .
" We are sending doctors , not soldiers , " Castro wrote recently , taking a none - too - subtle swipe at the Obama administration ’s Haiti relief effort , in one of his regular postings on the government website Cubadebate .
“ In the midst of the Haitian tragedy , ” said the ex-Cuban leader , who has retired from his role as president but still weighs in on foreign affairs , “ thousands of U.S. Marine Corps infantrymen , troops from the 82nd Airborne Division , and other military forces have occupied Haitian territory .
Even worse , neither the United Nations nor the U.S. government has offered an explanation to world public opinion for this mobilization of forces . ”
Castro ’s criticisms , along with other articles and editorials that have since appeared in Cuba ’s state - run media , are a reminder that the island ’s socialist system seems to thrive at the convergence of politics , medicine and international diplomacy .
Of course , for Haitian earthquake victims and others in poor countries where medical care is desperately needed , that is n’t necessarily a bad thing .
Despite Cuba ’s relatively small size and chronically ill economy , its education system has turned the island into a powerhouse of international medicine .
Cuba sends thousands of doctors and other medical personnel abroad on “ international missions , ” and brings planeloads of patients to Havana for free eye surgery or other procedures they might not otherwise afford .
According to government figures , about 35,000 Cuban health care professionals are currently working in 70 countries .
Some are assigned in the spirit of pure humanitarian assistance , while others are deployed through medical service contracts that bring in much - needed revenue for the Cuban government , as in the case of Venezuela .
These programs have generated vast amounts of international goodwill toward Cuba , building a kind of soft power that benefits the Castro government in its public relations battles with the United States .
Once an outcast in the region , the Cuban government has gradually restored diplomatic relations with nearly every country in the Americas ( the U.S. being the main exception ) , despite the persistent image of Cuba ’s “ isolation . ”
Then there are more than 24,000 foreign medical students enrolled at Havana ’s Latin American School of Medicine , mostly from Latin America , Africa and the Caribbean .
The Cuban government provides full six - year scholarships , and the students commit to returning to their home countries upon graduation .
Cuba has even opened its classrooms to U.S. students from low - income families , and 130 Americans are currently studying medicine in Havana .
Seven of the program ’s American graduates have joined the Cuban brigade in Haiti .
And yet , given the way these medical programs are promoted by the communist government ’s state - run media , it ’s hard to view Cuba ’s efforts as pure acts of disinterested humanitarianism .
Government television reports and newspaper articles about the heroism of Cuba ’s efforts in Haiti often appear crafted with maximum propaganda value in mind , especially when there ’s an opportunity to score political points against the United States .
Cuban coverage of the U.S. role in Haiti has focused extensively on the American military presence , depicting U.S. troops as callous occupiers .
Other Cuban editorials have gone further , alleging covetous American designs on yet - undiscovered Haitian oil .
Such claims undermine the Cuban government ’s altruistic self - image , said Cuba expert Phil Peters .
“ I think that people around the world recognize the great contribution of Cuban doctors in Haiti , ” wrote Peters , a Cuba expert at the Lexington Institute , on his blog , The Cuban Triangle .
“ I also think that Cuban propagandists diminish Cuba ’s contribution when they show that for them , Haiti relief efforts are part of a political competition with the United States . ”
Of course , for patients in Haiti , it matters little whether Cuba is motivated more by public health or public relations .
Cuban doctors have a track record in Haiti and elsewhere that demonstrates an overarching interest in providing care to the needy , said Gail Reed , director of MEDICC , a U.S. non-profit that publishes a journal on Cuban medicine and is helping to provide material aid for the Cuban - trained Haitian doctors .
“ The world responds when there ’s a disaster , and responds generously , and that ’s wonderful , ” said Reed .
“ The point to me , however , is to build a strong public health system .
And the fact that the Cubans have been in Haiti for more than 10 years indicates a commitment to building a public health system . ”
The Cuban doctors provide everything from vaccinations to maternity care to major surgery , staffing Haiti 's public hospitals and clinics , rather than setting up private facilities of their own .
For those efforts , Reed said , Cuba deserves recognition and praise .
“ Whether Cuba gets goodwill from its doctors , or for its global medical cooperation , well , should n’t it ? , ” she asked .
“ Should n’t it get some credit ? ”
PITTSBURGH —
Nationally , it may seem that in the seven years since Fred Rogers ’s death , the legacy of America ’s favorite neighbor has waned .
After all , two years ago PBS stopped offering his show , “ Mister Rogers ’ Neighborhood , ” to its member stations every weekday , offering it just once a week , though it allowed stations to digitally stockpile them for daily viewing .
Then , last year , PBS quietly stopped allowing stockpiling , meaning there are no stations showing it daily .
“ Kids today just do n’t know him , ” said Tom Dvorak , director of broadcasting for WMVS - TV , a public television station in Milwaukee that in January stopped running its stockpiled shows .
But here in Pittsburgh , where he lived and worked most of his life , Mr. Rogers ’s legacy seems assured , and not just because everyone over the age of 10 seems to have a story about meeting him .
Images of him — and his trademark cardigan sweaters — seem to be everywhere , including displays at Pittsburgh International Airport , the Pittsburgh Children ’s Museum and the Senator John Heinz History Center , for starters .
Knights of the Old Republic , No One Lives Forever , Duke Nukem 3D .
Csak pár cím , melyek HD - grafikával felturbózott változatát szívesen látnák a játékosok .
Az egyik játéklap összegy űjtötte a leginkább kívánt feldolgozásokat .
Akad köztük néhány meglepetés .
Érdekes összeállítás született a PC Games magazinban .
A szerkesztőség a mostanában tapasztalható remakelést látván összeszedte azon klasszikus és kultikus PC-s játékokat , melyeknek szívesen látná HD -s változatát .
Ehhez hozzávette még olvasóik szavazatait is és így állt össze a lent olvasható 27 címből álló felsorolás .
Serious Sam , a Monkey Island , hamarosan pedig a Perfect Dark Zero is megkapja a maga nagyfelbontású remakejét és épp ezért valóban érdekes elgondolkodni a fenti kérdésen .
Ha szavazni lehetne , hogy melyik kultikus , legalább két résszel rendelkező " őslelet " térjen vissza feljavított grafikával , de egyéb változtatás nélkül a monitorokra , akkor ki mire szavazna ?
A lap felsorolása következik .
Kezdetnek itt a valóban klasszikus szerepjáték , a , melyet anno 1986 - ban jelentetett meg a fejleszt ő
New World Computing még Apple II - re , az utolsó , sorban a kilencedik epizódja pedig 2002 - ben debütált - ekkor már alaposan lecsökkent népszer űséggel .
Szintén az RPG-k egyik legnagyobb klasszikusa a , mely 1981 - ben aratott világsikert , utoljára a 2001 - ben jelentkezett a nyolcadik részével .1991 - ben jelent meg a nagysikerű , melyet a Blue Byte jelentetett meg .
A stratégia 2000 - ben , acímű résszel búcsúzott a rajongóitól .
1992 - ben , akkoriban pazarnak számító Voxel Space grafikus motorral hajtottaratott osztatlan sikert a szimulátor rajongók körében , ám a 2001 - es negyedik rész óta eme széria körül is halotti csend honol .
Meglepetésre az elméletileg hamarosan új résszel jelentkez őis helyet kapott a listán .
Tény , hogy az első rész a mai napig klasszikusnak számít , de ez a sorozat még nincs lezárva .
Ahogy asem , melynek első részét szívesen látnák felújítva viszont a monitorokon .
Azésis a mai napig él , ám a rajongók minden egyes rész után csalódottságukat fejezik ki , így nem csoda , ha visszakívánják az eredeti pályákat , karaktereket .
Nem meglepetés aszereplése a listán , mivel a játék a mai napig milliós rajongótáborral bír , és a harmadik rész óta is eltelt már kerek nyolc év.007 - es hősnője két részben is szerepelt és a sikerek ellenére a Monolith a harmadik , címet kapott epizódban más főszereplőt hozott be és az már meg is bukott .
Aszintén hatalmas siker lett és épp ezért érthetetlen a fejlesztők több , mint hét éves hallgatása a széria negyedik részével kapcsolatban .
Ám az tény , hogy a mai napig az első rész a legkedveltebb a rajongók körében .
eddig két részt és egy kiegészítőt ért meg , ám elméletileg készülőben van a harmadik része a játéknak .
Ám eddig itt is az első rész viszi a pálmát .
A listán azaz első olyan cím , mely nem egy széria első része és valóban jobban sikerült elődjénél .
A cikk szerint egy kis grafikai tupírral simán megállná még ma is a helyét - főleg hogy a tengeralattjárós / akció kategória elég kihalt manapság .
szintén nagy közönség kedvenc volt a maga idejében és szintén egy mára kihaltnak tekinthető műfajt képvisel ( űrhajós akció ) .
Jó hír lehet , hogy az akkori fejlesztő , a Volition még ma is aktív és épp a napokban jelentette be a titokzatos Secret Project X munkacímet viselő produktumát , mely a fejlesztők szerint nem a Red Faction vagy a Saint 's Row újabb része .
Elképzelhető , hogy folytatódik a Freespace franchise ?
Vagy a szintén a listán szereplőtér vissza ?
Mindkettőnek örülnénk .
Személyes listámon a( vagy teljes nevén a Planet of Dead ) nem tartozik az örök klasszikusok közé , bár kellemes órákat töltöttem a futurisztikus versennyel .
Mindenesetre a lap fórumán sok szavazat érkezett a játékra , szóval mégis lehet benne valami .
Amár nagyobb kultklasszikus , melynek negyedik része elméletileg készül a Stardock műhelyében .
Eddig egy kalandjáték sem szerepelt a listán , így ezen műfajban az első helyet a méltán népszer űkapja meg .
A programnak elméletileg készül a rajongói folytatása , ám egy vérbeli Indy - kaland a mai grafikával igazi csemege lenne .
Újabb űrhajós szimulátor , ezúttal a , mely a szintén klasszikus Wing Commander sorozat egyik mellékága volt .
A széria 1996 - ban jelentkezett egy második résszel és azóta teljes a csend a sorozat körül .
szintén egy megkerülhetetlen klasszikus , mely a mai napig rengeteg rajongóval rendelkezik , így egy HD -s változat bizonyosan nagy sikert aratna .
Ugyanez mondható el a " Gonosznak lenni jó " reklámszlogennel sikeresen építkezőels ő részéről is , melynek visszatérésére szintén millióan várnak .
elméletileg hamarosan folytatódhat , ha sikerül kiadót találni a dobozban leledző harmadik részéhez .
Ám akkor is a ' 94 - es első rész lesz a viszonyítási alap .
A sajnos már nem létező Ensemble Studios egyik legnagyobb dobása az 1997 - ben megjelentvolt és ezzel örökre beírták a nevüket a stratégiai játékok történelemkönyvébe .
A nemrég megjelent Dragon Age : Vérvonalak sokak számára a klasszikusegy újabb része , ám az RPG - rajongók mégis az eredetit kívánják vissza a monitoraikra .
Szintén kitörő örömmel fogadná a játékos társadalom azfelújított verzióját - ha már a folytatás nem készül .
Érdekesség a listán aszereplése .
A jelek szerint a herceg még mindig bír pár rajongóval , a 4ever körüli nevetséges botrányok ellenére is .
A végére következzen egy újabb LucasArts termék , melyet szinte hetente követelnek a mi fórumunkon is a rajongók .
Ez pedig nem más , mint a , melynek a jelek szerint még messze a trilógiává bővülése .
A szavazáson mindenesetre az első rész feltuningolt változatát kérték a legtöbben .
After protracted legal wrangling with the EU , the Microsoft browser ballot is at last heading towards roll - out .
The EU 's complaint was that Microsoft 's bundling of Internet Explorer made the browser market less competitive to the detriment of consumers .
Wary of substantial fines and endless legal costs , the company eventually worked to settle with the Competition Commission last year .
As part of this settlement agreement , it promised to stop prioritizing Internet Explorer .
Microsoft 's initial plan — to offer a version of Windows without any browser at all — was rejected .
The solution agreed upon by both parties was instead to offer end -users a choice of browsers automatically .
The mechanism chosen for this was the so - called browser ballot ; a selection of browsers will be shown to users , and the chosen browser will be installed and made the default .
Initially using an alphabetic list , the ballot was then changed to show the browsers in a random order .
With this decision made , the EU finally agreed that this would be the way forward , allowing the company to put to an end its European legal woes .
Make your selection
The ballot itself will be distributed to EU customers running Windows XP , Windows Vista , and Windows 7 , via Windows Update .
Installing the update will , on Windows 7 , unpin the IE icon from the taskbar , and then offer a selection of browsers .
The five leading browsers — Safari , Chrome , Firefox , Opera , and Internet Explorer — will be visible on the main selection screen , along with a further seven accessible by scrolling to the right .
The ballot will be offered on a limited basis in the UK , Belgium , and France next week , with full roll - out beginning on March 1 .
It will be pushed out as an automatic update ( for those who have Windows Update set to install updates automatically ) , so those running Windows Update in its default , recommended , configuration will see the ballot automatically .
The list of browsers offered will be updated every six months , to ensure that the five most widely - used browsers continue to be prioritized .
In addition to offering the browser ballot to existing Windows users , OEMs will be able to preinstall a browser of their choosing and also uninstall IE from machines shipping with Windows 7 .
This is a long story .
It is also a good story .
One that has never been told in full anywhere else .
Maybe you want to read it here and now on the screen , or maybe you would like to print it out and read it later on .
You could even tuck up in bed with it tonight .
It is , I think , worth the time .
I hope you agree .
The Right Stuff
The sled careened down the mountain .
Sixty miles an hour and still accelerating .
The runners shrieked on the ice .
One after another come the blinding banks , 10 , 20 , 30 feet high .
The four rattling riders leaned over , helpless , straining , gasping for breath against the wind .
They were hardly in control at all .
Blinded by spray , tears streamed from their eyes as they raced towards Shady corner .
The sled was doing 70 mph when it hit the top of the incline .
500 pounds of steel and oak , it smashed through the top of the bank .
Four bodies hurtled through the air , and disappeared into the ravine alongside the track .
" We raced up the slide , " remembered Edward J Neil , a journalist covering the race for Associated Press , " and helped carry the four battered blood - soaked unconscious forms to the ambulances .
Grau has a fractured shoulder , a broken hip , a fractured spine and skull .
Brehme 's skull and wrist are broken .
The calf was all but torn from Hoppmann 's leg . "
A mile and a half away , at the top of the mountain , a telephone rang .
The trilling bell pierced the freezing air , and the polyglot conversations of the assembled athletes , French , Swiss , Italians , Romanians , Americans , stopped .
They waited for news of the German sled from the bottom of the run .
" They 've gone through the bank at Shady , " said the track official , raising a red flag to show that the track was not clear , " into the ravine .
The ambulance is with them now . "
The crowd fell quiet .
After a time Henry " Hank " Homberger , the USA 's No1 driver , spoke up : " That 's the way it goes . "
Twenty minutes later the next sled set off down the track .
Tom Wolfe called it The Right Stuff , and these men had it .
" It was not bravery in the simple sense of being willing to risk your life , any fool could do that , " wrote Wolfe .
" No , the idea seemed to be that a man should have the ability to go up in a hurtling piece of machinery and put his hide on the line and then have the moxie , the reflexes , the experience , the coolness , to pull it back in the last yawning moment – and then go up again the next day . "
There have been a lot of extraordinary Olympic champions over the years .
This is the story of four of them .
The set - up
There were 20,000 people crowded on Mount van Hoevenberg that Sunday .
Officially the 1932 Winter Olympics had closed the previous afternoon .
But nine miles south - south - east of Lake Placid , high in the Adirondacks , 52 men still had business on the mountain .
The final of the four - man bobsled final had already been postponed three times because of warm weather .
" There was not enough ice on the bob run , " noted Neil drily , " to make a drink cold . "
The event was supposed to be the centrepiece of the entire Olympics .
The Lake Placid track had opened the previous spring , the first of its kind in the world .
It was the reason why the Olympics had been awarded to this tiny town in upstate New York , rather than Chicago , which had also bid to be host .
It cost $ 200,000 to build , and was the fastest bob run in the world .
Hank Homberger knew that better than anyone .
He had designed and built it .
In 1932 he and his team , the Saranac Lake Red Devils , had set a new world record on it for a mile - and - a - half run .
They covered the course in 1 min 52sec.
Saranac
Lake was a short way up the road from Lake Placid .
Homberger 's crew were local heroes – his brakeman was the town florist – and this should have been their Olympics .
There were only three drivers who had a chance of beating Homberger and his Red Devils on that course .
The first was the German fighter pilot Captain Walter Zahn .
Unlike the other teams , who were racing open - sided sleds , Zahn was competing in a revolutionary bullet - shaped hull , a prototype of the bobs used today .
But two days before Grau crashed , Zahn had lost control on a turn .
His sled went over the top and sped 120 yards over the snow before smashing into a tree .
He broke his left arm , and his No2 fractured his spine .
The second challenger to Homberger was Grau , and he was in hospital .
That left the USA 's No2 team , driven by Billy Fiske .
The competition finally got started on the final day of the Games .
By then , though , the organisers were so alarmed by the casualty rate – six men were in hospital – that they insisted extra safety measures were taken .
The run was filled with fresh snow .
Fiske took an early lead over Homberger on the first of the four runs each sled was due to make .
But the times were slow .
After the second run the bobsledders made a group decision that they would not race in such sluggish conditions .
" It 's a travesty on bob racing , " complained the florist Paul Stevens .
" If you insist on making us race in these conditions , you will go on without us . "
The sledders agreed between them to return to the mountain the next day , the Sunday after the Olympics were over , when the track would be clear of snow , to finish the race .
Overnight the Red Devils trailed Fiske by 3.8 seconds .
Homberger felt confident he could pull it back .
This was his course .
It was his world record .
Billy Fiske 's men would need to produce two of the sharpest , fastest runs of their lives to hold him off .
The race
The sled careened down the mountain .
Sixty miles an hour and still accelerating .
The runners shrieked on the ice .
Fiske pushed his vehicle wide , searching for the fastest route across the rutted track .
He needed all his speed if he was going to stop Homberger stealing the lead .
The sled howled into the Whiteface turn , climbing up the 35 - foot bank , rising perilously close to the rim .
Years later , Fiske 's No3 , Eddie Eagan would remember that moment well .
" That run will always be vivid in my memory .
It took only about two minutes to make , but to me it seemed like an eon .
I remember the snow - covered ground flashing by like a motion picture out of focus .
Speeding only a few inches from the ground without any sense of security , I hung on to the straps .
My hands seemed to be slipping , but still I clung . "
The outside runner of the sled crept towards the lip of the track .
If it reached , the race would be up : " Just picture a steel comet with four riders hurtling through the air " , as Eagan put it .
The riders , an inch away from disaster , leaned desperately into the run , bracing themselves on the footholds and clinging to the leather .
And that is where we will freeze them .
If you were taking a picture , that would be the moment to press the button , to capture these four remarkable men .
You would see , from the front of the sled to the back , Billy Fiske , Clifford Gray , Eddie Eagan and Jay O'Brien : four giants of the jazz age , and the four heroes of this story .
The driver : Billy Fiske : fighter pilot , bob prodigy , and golden boy
Look long enough and you will find the tablet erected in memory of Billy Fiske in St Paul 's Cathedral .
It is mounted on the back wall of the crypt , between Nelson 's tomb and the gift shop .
It is a cold grey slab of granite , fixed opposite a bust of the poet WE Henley , and alongside a frieze of an astronomer named William Huggins .
" William Meade Lindsey Fiske III , " it reads .
" An American citizen who died that England might live .
August 18th 1940 . "
Underneath , mounted on green felt in a small golden frame , hang a tattered pair of RAF pilot wings .
Billy Fiske was born in Brooklyn in 1911 .
" He was the kind of man , " his biographer wrote , " who the sunlight seemed to follow around .
He could have stepped out of the pages of a Scott Fitzgerald novel . "
After a stint in Chicago his parents sent him to school in St Moritz .
It was there that he caught the bobsled bug .
Preposterously talented for his age , Fiske persuaded a group of schoolmates that they should enter trials for the USA bobsled team at the 1928 Winter Olympics , which was being held in St Moritz on a run that Fiske and his friends knew well .
Fiske won selection as a driver for the USA 's second sled .
He went on to win the gold .
He was 16 years old .
That feat does not even merit a mention on Fiske 's memorial .
Nor does his gold at Lake Placid in 1932 .
In between his winters Fiske was flitting around as his fancy suited .
He spent three years studying history and economics at Cambridge , and then dilly - dallied in the movie business , moving to Tahiti to co-produce a schlocky romance called White Heat , about an interracial love affair between a slave and a plantation owner .
The film tanked , but Fiske found other ways to amuse himself .
He took flying lessons ; raced the Cresta run ; set a new record for the night - time road run between Nice and Cannes in his green Bentley ; married a divorced countess and , eventually , took up a job in his father 's banking firm .
It was only when war closed in that Fiske really began to find his purpose in life .
He had always been outspoken in his dislike of the Nazi party , passing up on the opportunity to compete in the 1936 Winter Olympics in Bavaria because , he told his team - mates , he did not want to perform in front of Hitler .
In August 1939 , as it became clear that war was inevitable , Fiske left the USA to enlist in the RAF .
The RAF was not actually accepting American citizens into service at the time , but this did not deter him .
He simply decided to blag the recruiting officer that he was Canadian .
He wrote in his diary at the time :
" There is really only one reason , other than my own amusement , and that is the fact that I believe I can lay claim to being the first US citizen to join the RAF in England after the outbreak of war .
I do n't say this with any particular pride , except perhaps in so far as my conscience is clear . "
To enlist , Fiske had to con his way through a meeting with the Air Chief Marshal William Elliott .
He played a round of golf at Roehampton the day before , to " give myself a healthy look .
Needless to say , for once , I had a quiet Saturday night – I did n't want to have eyes looking like blood - stained oysters the next day " .
After training Fiske was posted to No601 , nicknamed the Millionaires Squadron because they had been handpicked from the ranks of White 's Club in St James by Lord Edward Grosvenor .
They had a reputation for playing poker ( for £ 100 stakes ) and polo ( on Brough Superior motorcycles ) .
Fiske , foreigner though he was , fitted right in .
Fiske flew his first operational sortie on 27 July 1940 .
Over the next 27 days he flew 42 operations in the thick of the Battle of Britain .
He made six claims for enemy kills , including a Heinkel bomber which , having already run out of ammunition , he forced into a barrage balloon .
" Saw 4 ( ? ) probables " reads his log book on 11 August , " 3 badly damaged .
Sqdn lost 4 . Terrific fight .
Terrified but fun .
Had to lead the sqdn in .
Willie 's engine failed ! "
On 16 August his luck ran out .
His Hurricane was damaged in a dogfight with a group of Stukas over the east coast at Selsey Bill .
Instead of bailing out , Fiske nursed his fighter back to Tangmere .
The operation record book notes that his engine had stopped so he " glided in over the boundary and landed on his belly " .
The fuel tank exploded as the airplane came to a stop .
Fiske was trapped inside .
" I taxied up to it and got out , " recalled Squadron Leader Archibald Hope .
" There were two ambulancemen there .
They had got Billy Fiske out of the cockpit , they did n't know how to take off the parachute , so I showed them .
Billy was burned about the hands and ankles . "
Tangmere 's medical bay had been bombed , so Fiske was given a shot of morphine and taken to hospital in Chichester .
He died of his wounds two days later .
He had been the first US citizen to join the RAF , and became the first American airman to be killed in the second world war .
" Unquestionably , " Hope would later remember , " Billy Fiske was the best pilot I 've ever known .
It was unbelievable how good he was .
He picked it up so fast it was n't true .
He 'd flown a bit before , but he was a natural fighter pilot . "
The memorial tablet to Fiske in St Paul 's was erected partly as a political move .
Winston Churchill had an interest in promoting the story .
The USA had not yet joined the war , and the inscription on the plaque was designed to have propaganda value .
But there is another , smaller and more honest memorial to Fiske in Boxgrove Priory , just outside Chichester .
There , he has a full stained glass window , showing a draped Stars and Stripes .
It was opened in 2008 in a ceremony involving two of his old squadron members .
The inscription on his headstone reads simply " He died for England .
The No2 : Clifford ' Tippy ' Gray : actor , songwriter , man of mystery
Information about Clifford Gray is a lot harder to come by than it is for Billy Fiske .
There is no memorial in St Paul 's this time , though it is thought there may be one in the Old Ipswich Cemetery .
Nobody knows for sure .
The confusion has come about because Gray switched his name as often as other people change their pants .
Born Percival Davies , at some point he became Clifford Gray .
Which he sometimes spelled Clifford Grey .
Then he became Tippy Gray .
Or Tippi Grey , or indeed Tippi Gray and sometimes , yes , Tippy Grey .
It all seemed to depend on his mood and the company he was keeping .
His history is a mixed - up muddle of pseud - de- plumes and nomdonyms .
The upshot is that Clifford Gray seems to have lived two entirely separate yet somehow entwined lives , one as a double Olympic champion bobsledder , and another as the star of a string of silver - screen silent movies with names such as Wall Street Tragedy , The Weakness of Strength and The Girl Who Feared Daylight .
Gray did not make his fame as an actor , but as a songwriter .
If You Were The Only Girl ( In The World ) was one of his , along with 3,000 or so others , a selection of which still turn up today on the soundtracks of period pieces such as Gosford Park .
Gray also has some 35 plays and film scripts attributed to him .
The one thing that really is not clear is exactly how he ended up taking the No2 seat in the bobsled behind the 16 - year - old Billy Fiske in 1928 , a role he reprised in 1932 .
It is believed he was on vacation in St Moritz at the time of the trials .
But then the same source that says so also insists that the musician and actor was , in fact , an entirely different man from the Olympian .
Given that Gray was born in Birmingham ( Warwickshire , not Alabama ) to English parents it does seem a little odd that he managed to get away with moonlighting in the USA 's Olympic team .
Gray 's own children have said they were oblivious to his life as an Olympian until after he died .
It seems he led a secret life as a champion bobsledder .
After a lot of searching , a crucial piece of this incomplete jigsaw popped up in the " New York Society " column of the Spartanburg Herald - Journal , Saturday 15 December 1934 :
" Word comes back from Southern California that the indefatigable world wanderer Tippy Gray has finally found anchorage .
For 15 years he has led the blow - torch life flitting to all corners of the earth .
As Clifford Gray he has written tunes for the Folies Bergeres , and as Tippy Gray he has been prominent in bobsledding at San Moritz and Lake Placid .
Recently he has purchased a hacienda near Hollywood and has taken up tennis and sunshine permanently .
At least so he thinks . "
They were obviously confused as to how to describe Gray in his own day too .
" World wonderer " is a description that pops up time and again in the society pages , along with a handful of references to an excessive amount of time spent " gadding about on the ocean " .
Quite what attracted him back to Ipswich , where he died in 1941 , aged 54 , is , like so many other things about the man , not entirely clear .
The No3 : Eddie Eagan : heavyweight boxer , Rhodes scholar , hall of famer
As a boy Eddie Eagan read a lot .
His favourites were Gilbert Patten 's Frank Merriwell novels .
No one reads them now , but Merriwell was the original high school hero .
He was a goody - two - shoes , studied hard , did n't drink or smoke , excelled at each of the several sports he turned his hand to and spent what spare time he had left righting wrongs , solving mysteries and having capers .
Eagan was born in Denver in 1898 .
His father died in a railroad accident a year later .
With no male authority figure to draw inspiration from , Eagan ended up inheriting his world view from his fictional hero Merriwell .
The character , Patten would later say of his creation , " had little in common with his creator or his readers " .
He can never have met Eddie Eagan , who would write in his 1932 autobiography : " To this day I have never used tobacco , because Frank Merriwell did n't .
My first glass of wine , which I do not care for , was taken under social compulsion in Europe .
Frank never drank . "
Eagan first flourished as an amateur boxer .
He was a heavyweight , and during stretches as a student in Denver and in the artillery corps in the first world war he won championships in the US and Europe .
While he was at Denver , Eagan fought an exhibition bout with Jack Dempsey , the heavyweight champion of the world .
" I landed a hard punch on his jaw , " Eagan remembered , " then Dempsey hummed the tune ' Everybody Two - Step ' , keeping time with his whole body .
Then something fell on my head .
It felt like a rafter from the roof .
Soft brown cushions like fairyland balloons were making circles before my eyes .
One came toward my nose and halted lightly on it , then fell like a bomb on my neck . "
Like Merriwell , Eagan ended up at Yale .
While he was there he made the US team for the 1920 Olympics in Antwerp .
He won gold as a light heavyweight .
From
Yale he went on to study law at Harvard , and then travelled to Oxford as a Rhodes scholar .
There he befriended the Marquis of Clydesdale , whom he taught to box .
After graduation the two men toured the world , Eagan challenging the amateur champion in every country they visited .
" He finished the tour undefeated , " recollected Eagan 's wife Peggy , " so when you talk about undefeated champions , my husband was one of them . "
Among other things , Eagan found time to do a little big - game hunting in Africa .
He continued to box , and though he scorned several offers to turn professional he did become the regular sparring partner of Gene Tunney , the man who eventually took the title off Dempsey .
It seems one of the few things Eagan did not get around to doing before he settled into a legal career was to go bobsledding .
In fact Eagan had never actually been near a bob until he arrived at Lake Placid in January 1932 .
A member of Fiske 's original team had pulled out , preferring to enter the two - man competition .
The warm winter meant that the US Olympic Bobsled Committee had not been able to hold any trials , so there was no one on hand to fill the slot .
Jay O'Brien , the Bobsled Committee 's head and the fourth man in Fiske 's crew , was a good friend of Eagan .
" One night , " Peggy Eagan explained , " Eddie came back from dinner with Jay and said : ' Guess what .
I'm on the United States bobsled team ' . "
Eagan later explained that he " was practising law at the time and finding it a little cobwebby " .
As though entering the Olympic bobsled was something akin to a weekend break in the country , he added : " I felt the change would do me good . "
Eagan was a natural .
Like Merriwell he had excelled at every sport he tried – tennis , fencing , swimming and wrestling as well as boxing .
Bobsledding came easy .
" Eddie was absolutely fearless , " Peggy reminisced .
" He would try everything just for the thrill of it .
After a few practice sessions the team performed like they had been together for years . "
Eagan 's bobsled career was short , but could not have been more successful .
The four races at Lake Placid were the only competitive runs he ever made .
He went on to become the assistant attorney to southern New York .
When the second world war broke out he joined the air logistics corps , and rose to become a lieutenant colonel .
After that he served the Eisenhower government , and later became boxing commissioner for New York .
He died of a heart attack in 1967 , aged 69 .
He remains the only man in Olympic history to have won gold in different events in both the Winter and Summer Olympics , a feat which ensured he was one of the seven inaugural nominees in the USA Olympic hall of fame .
The brakeman : Jay J O'Brien : jockey , gambler and playboy
They say James O'Brien was a man with three pursuits .
Chief among them was riding horses , then came chasing women and last of all was making money .
It was a cute design for life : he was a champion at the first , which made him a success in the second , and that looked after the third .
Born in 1883 , O'Brien made his name as a dashing gentleman jockey in the late 1900s .
He would race at the hunt clubs and turf tracks of upstate New York .
The first of many references to O'Brien 's name in the national press came in 1906 , buried deep in a report in the New York Times .
Leading over the first lap of the three mile Vanderbilt Cup , he swung his horse out too wide on one late corner and " scattered the closely packed line of men and women , causing them to scamper back towards the automobiles parked along the field " .
It was not a mistake he would repeat .
Later that month he rode four winners in a single day at Huntington , and from that point on whenever his name appeared it was in the headlines , not hidden in the copy .
Over the next six years news of O'Brien 's latest victories became a regular fixture in the back pages .
Each of the reports , though , would begin with a long list of the high society nabobs who had been in attendance at the meet .
That was the world O'Brien was moving into .
In 1914 O'Brien made headlines by betting big on the World Series .
He had , the papers announced , wagered $ 2,000 on the Boston Braves and was " willing to go further but only if he could get 2 - 1 " .
It was a shrewd bet .
The " Miracle " Braves had been bottom of the National League on 4 July .
But they went on to win the first clean sweep of the World Series .
" The man who studied the form , the scientific bettor , placed his money on the Athletics , " said The Day newspaper 's betting correspondent .
" The man with the hunch was the one who cashed in . "
O'Brien made $ 10,000 , and a reputation as a " daring bettor and operator in the market " .
At least , that was how he was described in the society pages when news broke that he had married the actress Mae Murray , otherwise known as " the Gardenia of the Screen " .
Murray was on the up and up in Hollywood .
After joining MGM , she would become one of the biggest stars of the 1920s .
" Once you become a star , you are always a star ! " was her catchphrase .
In 1965 she was found destitute and sick at the age of 75 , living rough on the streets of St Louis .
Their marriage lasted less than a year .
O'Brien soon found his second wife , the stage actress Irene Fenwick .
That marriage lasted a little longer , 18 months or so .
O'Brien had long since given up jockeying and taken up polo , a sport better suited to a man of his station in life .
In 1923 he was playing a match at the Long Island estate of the yeast magnate Julius Fleischmann , one of the richest men in the America .
It was there and then that O'Brien met the great love of his life .
She was Fleischmann 's wife , Dolly .
The ensuing scandal was one of the biggest of the decade .
So smitten was Julius Fleischmann that it was said he had " never refused his wife anything she asked " .
That included a divorce .
Dolly Fleischmann eloped to France with O'Brien .
Officially Fleischmann denied that he knew the two were having an affair .
" I know nothing of such a contemplated marriage , " he told the world , " but it is true that Jay O'Brien has been my guest here .
He has played polo on my field .
But it is foolish to say he is my friend . "
It soon became public knowledge that much of that million dollars a year Julius had been lavishing on Dolly had been making its way into O'Brien 's pocket , funding his investments on Wall Street .
Jay and Dolly married two months after her divorce was finalised .
" What is he ? " spluttered Fleischmann in the Pittsburgh press .
" He is just one of those strange figures on horseback who appear on the fringes of society and wealth .
His only means of support are the four legs of his horse . "
O'Brien had a little more than that now .
Dolly was worth around $ 4 m , enough to keep her in the style to which she was accustomed for a year or two .
The pair hit the French Riviera .
They were still there , four months later , when news reached them that Julius Fleischmann had died of a heart attack while playing polo .
One of the last things he did was to tear up his will and write a new one .
If Dolly had stayed married to him for another six months , she would have inherited $ 60 m .
As it was , she got nothing .
Jay became infamous as the man who had cost his wife a fortune .
His story was splashed across the gutter press .
" Supposing that he happens to be the greatest lover of all time , is it still possible he can make that good ? " asked the Pittsburgh Post Gazette .
" $ 60 m returns $ 8,000 in interest every day , " the paper pointed out .
" Every time Mrs O'Brien gazes at her husband across the dinner table it must be apparent that within the next 24 hours he must deliver $ 8,000 worth of tenderness , gallantry , wit , sympathy and attention or she has made a bad bargain .
Can any husband be worth $ 50,000,000 ? "
As it turned out the answer was yes , he could .
When Dolly died in 1965 , her friend Suzy Knickerbocker wrote an obituary .
" Love was the most important thing in the world to Dolly , and she and Jay , beautiful creatures , set out to conquer high society .
They became the toast of Paris and London , and the darlings of Biarritz and New York .
They entertained dukes and duchesses and played golf with the Prince of Wales .
They brought an enormous property in Palm Springs and christened it " The Garden of Eden " .
Dolly and Jay were dazzling and brilliant and golden .
And very much in love and very happy . "
Somewhere along the way , and even after all the research I 'm not sure where or when , Jay O'Brien also became an Olympic - standard bobsledder .
I suppose he tired of riding horses , just as he tired of chasing women .
Certainly the habit came late .
He was 48 when he was competing at Lake Placid , which makes him the oldest gold medallist in Winter Olympic history .
Otherwise he spent his time investing in real estate in Palm Beach , where he became a grandee of the community .
He died of a heart attack in 1940 and , Knickerbocker wrote : " A part of Dolly died with him . "
She married her fourth husband , a Bulgarian count , six years later .
And then dumped him for Clark Gable .
The ending
Let 's cut back to the sled , just where we left it that February Sunday in 1932 , frozen on the rim of the Whiteface turn an inch away from oblivion , the four riders leaning desperately into the track .
" If any other man than Billy Fiske had been at the wheel , " Eagan said , " we would have gone .
We survived only because of Billy . "
Fiske pulled hard , and the sled surged back towards the centre of the track , the four men fighting the forces of gravity and momentum .
They shot out of the curve and flew down the straight away , catching their breath as they went .
They passed on through the Shady turn that had finished Fritz Grau , and ran on into the notorious Zig - Zag curve at the end of the track .
The sled bucked to the left , thumping off the ice wall , then leapt off a jump , all four runners off the ground .
As it landed it whipped back to the right .
" My head snapped backward as we went through a zig - zag , " wrote Eagan .
" I was dizzy as my head snapped first to the right , then to the left .
And then finally it was over . "
When the sled crossed the line the clock stopped at 1 min 56.59sec .
Fiske 's final run was his fastest .
Homberger would need to beat his own world record to steal the gold .
" He made a spectacular effort , " said the man from the Spokane Daily Chronicle , " riding the curves high and taking every chance but the best he could get out of his sled was 1 min 54.28sec . "
It was quick , but not quick enough .
Fiske , Gray , Eagan , and O'Brien had taken the gold .
There are a handful of photos of Billy Fiske and his crew after the race .
They are posing on their sled , each flashing a broad grin .
In one they are being presented with a trophy by captain Walter Zahn , his arm still bandaged .
The Americans are wearing neat double - breasted white jackets , and their hair is slick and gelled underneath their peaked caps .
The Olympic flag stands in the backdrop .
It was the last time that the four would ever be in a bobsled together .
Eagan never went near a bob run again in his life .
Fiske declined to race at the 1936 Games , and O'Brien was too old to consider a return to the track .
Gray made himself available for selection , but did not make the cut .
By 1941 three of the four would be dead .
Only Eagan survived the war .
These four amazing men came together in that bob for just two days of competition , and in that time they wrote themselves a small slice of history .
There has never been another team like them .
And Oranges
1 .
Most people , I suspect , can tell the difference between a $ 500 bicycle and a $ 1000 bicycle — most do n’t think the differences are worth the extra money , but they can perceive the differences ( lighter - weight frames , visibly superior components , etc. ) .
I doubt , though , that most non-expert - cyclists are able to distinguish between , say , a $ 1000 bike and a $ 5000 bike .
This holds true for many realms ; it ’s generally pretty easy for most people to perceive the difference between the mediocre and the good , but it often requires expertise or finely - honed sensibility to perceive the difference between the good and the great .
Furthermore , in some cases , most people generally prefer the good to the great .
A high - end racing bicycle is a terrible bike for casual transportation around town — the seats are uncomfortable and the pedals require special footwear .
Cameras are another good example .
Most recreational photographers really do just want to point and shoot ; they do n’t buy point - and - shoot cameras just because they ’re cheaper than SLRs , they buy them because they ’re actually what they want .
“ Better ” is a complicated adjective , because it is subjective .
Whether product A is better than Product B depends entirely upon what criteria matter to you .
A $ 500 bike is better than a $ 5000 bike if you ’re looking for something to ride around your college campus .
A $ 300 Digital Elph is better than an $ 800 Digital Rebel XT if you want a camera that ’s simply easy to use and fits in your pocket .
But just because evaluating “ better - ness ” is subjective does not mean it is arbitrary .
For most products , most people appreciate this .
Even though they can’t perceive the differences between the good and great — or if they do perceive the differences , do n’t care about or do n’t appreciate them — they do n’t dispute that such differences actually exist , or that connoisseurs judge products in their area of expertise by what are sometimes very different criteria .
This is as it should be , and perhaps it all sounds rather obvious .
The point of all this is that in some cases , some people seem unwilling to concede that any criteria other than the ones they themselves deem important actually matter , or even exist .
That ’s dogmatism , 1 and the nature of dogma is such that it pretty much kills any reasonable discussion or debate .
2 .
Which brings us to Mark Pilgrim ’s announcement two weeks ago that he ’s switching from Mac OS X to Ubuntu Linux running on a Lenovo ThinkCentre .
It goes without saying that this is a rather curious direction in which to switch — the trend is the other way around , with far more people switching to the Mac than from it .
It is even more curious if you know anything at all about Mark Pilgrim ’s background and personal computer history .
Pilgrim is not some Mac OS X - era carpetbagger .
He ’s a real Mac user , having been using Apple computers for 22 years .
In the early ’90s , he developed a slew of cool games , hacks , and utilities for the Mac — and , notably , released them as open source under the GPL ; there was very little open source software for the Mac in the System 7 era .
Pilgrim is an expert Mac OS X user ; before taking his current job at IBM , he worked as an Apple - certified Mac OS X trainer .
When Mac OS X 10.3 ( a.k.a. Panther ) shipped , he published this wonderfully exhaustive guide to what was new from 10.2 .
His weblog , Dive Into Mark — which prior to his taking an 18 - month hiatus in October 2004 was extraordinarily popular and deservedly so , and was in fact an enormous influence on Daring Fireball — was never a “ Mac weblog ” or “ Apple weblog ” , but did contain a lot of insightful , informative stuff about Mac OS X and Apple .
And even while his weblog was on hiatus , he was still publishing deeply investigative grist for Mac nerds .
All of which is to say that I found it very surprising that , when I linked to his announcement and further explanation , it elicited a wave of email more or less along the lines of “ who gives a crap what computer this Pilgrim guy buys ? ”
Not so unexpected , but disappointing nonetheless , is that nearly all of those contributing to the lengthy comment threads on Pilgrim ’s weblog seem to entirely and utterly miss the point of his argument — which argument is complex and in many ways subtle , which , in turn , is probably why most people chose not to think about it .
Interpolation on the Influence of Yours Truly on the Tone of the Comment Thread for Pilgrim ’s ‘ When the Bough Breaks ’ :
It seems clear to me and deserves to be mentioned here in the open that part of the digressive “ missing the point ” nature of the comments on “ When the Bough Breaks ” are my fault .
When I Link - Listed it , I quoted a paragraph that , I thought , captured a key aspect of Pilgrim ’s argument :
I ’m creating things now that I want to be able to read , hear , watch , search , and filter 50 years from now .
Despite all their emphasis on content creators , Apple has made it clear that they do not share this goal .
Openness is not a cargo cult .
Some get it , some do n’t .
Apple does n’t .
But in what I intended as an aside , I then commented on Pilgrim ’s griping about having lost metadata in both iPhoto and iTunes to database corruption , which he suggested might have been somehow mitigated had those database file formats been publicly documented ( which they are n’t ) .
I wrote :
It ’s obvious he ’s been thinking about this for a long time , but I do n’t agree with all of it .
For example , he ’s been bitten by metadata database corruption in both iPhoto and iTunes ; I think the solution here is a good backup strategy , not open file formats for the binary metadata stores .
Knowing the format of the file wo n’t help if the corruption is severe ; a good back - up will always work .
I agree , though , that closed - format metadata stores are not good long - term archival formats .
I only mentioned backups to refute that one single point ; not to refute Pilgrim ’s entire argument .
2
The problem is that a big chunk of the traffic to his post came from my link , and the comments , especially the early ones , are dominated by people telling him that his problems with Mac OS X could be solved by backing up .
I think that ’s the fault of the misplaced emphasis in what I wrote .
( Pilgrim thinks so , too . )
End interpolation .
So why is Pilgrim switching ?
For the benefit of those of you who have n’t read his piece yet and are too lazy to pause here and read it yourselves — which you really ought to do , if for no other reason than that he ’s a good writer — I ’ll list several of his cited reasons :
He ’s a Firefox and Emacs junkie , and does n’t need a Mac to use them .
( I ’ll add that Firefox , in my opinion , works better , or at least fits in better , on Windows and on Linux than it does on Mac OS X. )
He ’s unhappy about the Apple software he does use — iTunes , iPhoto , and iMovie — because of the aforementioned corruption problems with the first two and because iMovie does n’t let you export edit decision lists .
3
He does n’t like the iTunes Music Store ’s DRM , and because he does n’t like ITMS DRM , he does n’t like the increasing number of ITMS tie-ins in each new revision of iTunes .
He ’s irritated by QuickTime Pro’s $ 30 price tag , which most people pay just so they can watch movies in full - screen mode .
He does n’t like .
Mac .
( He ’s not alone . )
But the crux of his argument is the afore - quoted passage regarding openness and long - term data preservation .
That ’s good , because the points mentioned above really do n’t make for much of a case , on their own .
Arguing over these points , however , which is what most of the commenters on his site have done , is missing the point .
Yes , they ’re all niggles , but Pilgrim is n’t claiming otherwise ; he is simply pointing out the obvious , that a lot of little things about Mac OS X suck .
These niggles do n’t constitute the full case for his switch ; they ’re just factors that made his decision easier .
There ’s an unbecoming tendency for some Mac users to contort their worldview in such a way so as to construe that Mac OS X is better than every other OS in every single way , or that its overall superiority ought to be obvious to everyone .
This actually was true , or very nearly so , in the System 6 era of the late ’ 80s , but it certainly has n’t been true since then ; sticking to this notion just makes you look like a small - minded jackass .
( Not to mention that many of the people I ’m describing were n’t even out of diapers when System 6 was current . )
There are ways that Windows is better than the Mac , and many of them are rather obvious .
E.g. if you need AutoCAD , Windows is better .
If you want to play Half Life 2 , Windows is better .
For most of the past 20 years , PCs offered more raw computing performance than Macs .
These are facts , but that has n’t stopped some Mac users from trying to deny them .
The ways that Mac OS X is better are in many ways more subjective , and for many people , imperceptible .
Or perceptible but they just do n’t care .
Many Mac users just ca n’t get it through their heads that most people do n’t give a rip about the quality of the design of the user interfaces they use ; that for most people “ good enough ” is good enough .
Mac OS
X is better than Windows if you care about user interface design ; if you do n’t , though , it ’s just different , not better .
It is easier , or more comforting , for Windows nerds who do not perceive anything significantly better about the Mac ’s UI to chalk up Mac users ’ strong preference to their being irrational cultists than it is to admit that they ( the Mac users ) perhaps have a more acute sense of UI design aesthetics .
Contrast this to the markets for , say , bicycles or cameras .
As mentioned at the outset , lay people are , as a general rule , perfectly happy to concede that these high - end products are better in ways that they do n’t perceive or understand or care about .
The difference is that with cameras and bicycles , the differences between high - end and consumer - end products are almost always measurable .
Expensive bikes weigh less and have sturdier frames .
High - end cameras have faster lenses and digital sensors with higher ISO sensitivity and can shoot more frames per second .
Lay people may not understand or know about these differences , or why these differences are worth thousands of extra dollars to serious cyclists and photographers , but they could understand them if they wanted to sit down and learn about them .
It ’s just that they do n’t care so they do n’t bother .
I.e. the key to understanding high - end bikes and cameras is knowledge , not perception .
( It ’s a matter of taste which high - end bike or camera you buy , but not a matter of taste whether you want a $ 2000 DSLR or a $ 200 point - and - shoot . )
Whereas if we concede that the Mac is a computer with a high - end user interface , what it is that makes its UI “ high - end ” is a matter of taste and perception .
There do exist ways that you can scientifically measure and test the usability of software — i.e. that by Fitts ’s Law you can prove that the Mac menu bar is more usable than the Windows - style menu bar within each window — but that ’s not why Mac users are Mac users .
No one goes out and subjects themselves to serious usability testing to determine which OS they should use .
Mac users prefer the Mac because they just prefer it .
You can explain the reasons why you prefer the Mac , but can you explain why you care about those reasons ?
You either feel it or you do n’t .
Hence the difficult situation faced by small - minded Windows users who do not get the appeal of the Mac ; to admit that Mac users ’ strong preferences are reasonable would be to admit that they ( the Windows users ) are unable to perceive something that Mac users can .
That to concede that Mac users are reasonable would n’t just imply that Mac OS X is in at least certain ways much better than Windows , but that Mac users in certain ways have a more refined sense of taste than Windows users , which in turn cuts way too close to implying that in certain ways Mac users are smarter , which is where things turn ugly because those certain ways are , to Mac users , the ways that really matter , and any chance at reasonable discourse evaporates because both sides feel deeply insulted by the other .
The openness issues that Pilgrim is talking about are like that — except that maybe even fewer people perceive or deeply care about these issues than about user interface design .
And the way that his arguments are being dismissed , by most of the responses I ’ve seen , is similar , rhetorically , to the infuriating manner in which many Windows partisans have long dismissed the Mac .
To wit : denying that the cited factors exist or matter , and thereby ascribing the avowed preference to irrational zealotry rather than to refined or acute sensibilities .
Telling Pilgrim that he ’s making a mistake because Ubuntu does n’t have as refined or cohesive a UI as Mac OS X is like telling someone who is switching from a Chevy Tahoe to a Toyota Prius that he ’s not going to have as much cargo room .
He knows it .
3 .
The point here is n’t that everyone ought to agree that the Mac has a “ better ” user interface than Windows or that the Mac is n’t “ open ” enough compared to Linux ; the point is that everyone ought to be able to have a reasonable discussion about these issues and their relative merits , and do so with the understanding that no one ought to expect to be able to outright prove their case one way or the other .
It ’s not a binary situation , where Windows and Linux have bad UIs and Mac OS X has a good one , and but Linux is “ open ” and Mac OS X and Windows are not .
Nor is there just a single continuum upon which to gauge these choices .
It ’s often said that you should n’t compare apples and oranges — generally used figuratively , but even looking at it literally you can see that it ’s not true .
You need to compare apples and oranges when you ’re deciding what to pack in your lunch .
What you ca n’t do is compare apples and oranges and somehow conclusively prove that one is better than the other .
Or ask yourself this : what would you rather read : a well - plotted but poorly - written potboiler or a well - written novel with a rather nondescript story line ?
A quick look at the best - seller lists tells you how most people would answer .
The point is that you do n’t choose one novel over another because it is somehow universally “ better ” , but rather because it is somehow more appealing , better for you , as an individual , based on the innumerable inscrutable tastes and desires and opinions that make you the unique snowflake that you are .
The reason this Pilgrim situation is so hideously complex is that all modern operating systems are complex .
It takes a lot of work and investigation and expertise just to understand and form opinions about one of them , on its own ; comparing one against another ca n’t be done by reducing the comparison to some single metric because they ’re different in so many different ways .
It ’s easy to choose between two things that differ from each other in just one way — and it ’s easy to explain your decision .
Not so when choosing between things that differ in hundreds or maybe even thousands of ways .
Assuming you ’ve made your choice with an open mind , it ’s really unlikely that your decision came down to just one factor , or even just a handful .
The interesting decision is n’t really about which choice you ultimately make , but in which factors you use to make that decision , and how much relative weight to ascribe to them .
It might strike you as crazy that when Pilgrim first decided to switch , he had n’t even yet decided what open source operating system to switch to .
I.e. how could it be anything other than a rash decision if he did n’t even know exactly what he was switching to ?
But the particulars of the OS he ’s switching to do n’t really matter , because what ’s changed is n’t his opinion about Mac OS X or any particular distribution of Linux , but rather the amount of importance he ’s decided to place on the openness of the OS he ’s using .
To place more value on openness , less on UI refinement , and thus to conclude that he’d be happier switching to Linux .
That he has a long list of petty annoyances about Mac OS X and that desktop Linux continues to improve in terms of UI refinement — these things of course factor in as well .
Everything factors in is what I ’m trying to say .
What ’s more important ?
Openness of data and control over one ’s environment ?
Or aesthetic appeal and usability ?
It ’s a gross error to think that this is some sort of binary choice , that on the one side you have openness , and on the other usability .
Many aspects of Mac OS X are open .
Ubuntu ’s UI is steadily improving .
The hard part is deciding how much importance to give to each factor you care about .
How much openness are you willing to give up for a system with a better interface ?
How awkward of a UI are you willing to tolerate for a system that offers you the source code to everything ?
Now factor in your habits and what you already know .
I , for example , am far less likely to switch away from Mac OS X than I would be if I were n’t already an expert user .
This is n’t blind loyalty or zealotry ; expertise has value , and in my case it would take a lot of time to become equally proficient on another system .
So how do you evaluate so many different factors and reach a conclusion ?
I do n’t know .
( Paging Malcolm Gladwell . )
You ca n’t just test drive an Accord and a Camry and conclude that one is good and the other is bad and drive off with the good one .
There ’s no way to compile a list that conclusively shows one is absolutely better .
At some point it comes down to a feeling .
Informed by thinking , after measuring the facts , yes .
But a gut decision nonetheless .
4 .
You ’re doing yourself a disservice if you dismiss an argument like Pilgrim ’s simply because you believe he ’s an open source / open format ideologue ; ideologues are n’t necessarily irrational zealots .
( And even irrational zealots or fanatics are n’t necessarily wrong ; cf. Henry Kissinger ’s quip : “ Even a paranoid has some real enemies . ” )
An ideology is an organized system of beliefs ; just because you do n’t share them does n’t mean they are n’t valid .
Ideological conviction does n’t necessarily imply a rigid , quick - to - judge closed mind ( even though , admittedly , that is often the case ) .
You can be an ideologue with an open , honest mind — to believe otherwise is to say that someone with an open mind can never reach an uncompromising conclusion .
If your reaction to Pilgrim ’s announcement was a snap judgment that he ’s lost it , or that he ’s being an asshole who ’s just looking for attention as the guy who switched away from the Mac just at the time when it ( the Mac ) seems poised to become more popular than ever , or that he ’s an open source fanatic who just ca n’t be reasoned with or trusted — are you sure that the zealotry at play is his ?
Thought experiment : Let ’s say that Microsoft puts together a miraculous fourth - quarter comeback and that Windows Vista rocks .
Not just rocks compared to the way it currently appears as though Vista is actually going to turn out , but rocks , period .
As in looks better than Mac OS X . More elegant than Mac OS X. Noticeably faster and snappier than Mac OS X .
( That one ’s actually quite likely . )
I.e. “ better ” than Mac OS X , in glaringly obvious ways .
How would this make you feel ?
If your answer is that it would depress you , or sicken you , or really in any way dampen your spirits — why ?
Would n’t this be good news for everyone , including Mac users ?
Either Apple would have to up the ante and improve Mac OS X in similar ways , or , Mac users could just switch .
Either way the result is that we’d be able to use something better than what we ’re using now .
One reasonable objection would be to point out that the Microsoft Corporation has a proven record of cheating and rule - bending and law - breaking and really just generally unsavory conduct at its executive levels , and that because of this track record it really ought to be depressing for Microsoft to “ win ” in this regard .
So let ’s say instead it ’s Ubuntu Linux .
How can you argue that this would be anything but a good thing ?
I ’m deeply suspicious of Mac users who claim to be perfectly happy with Mac OS X. Real Mac users , to me , are people with much higher standards , impossibly high standards , and who use Macs not because they ’re great , but because they suck less than everything else .
Pilgrim , to me , is a quintessential Mac user in that regard ; and what he ’s doing is wondering if maybe things might suck less somewhere else .
“ Better ” for Mark Pilgrim does n’t mean better for you , and nowhere has Pilgrim implied that it does .
Admitting that he has a point , or several points , or that he may well be correct that he ’s going to be more satisfied with Ubuntu than he was with Mac OS X , does not imply that Mac users are wrong or stupid or foolish .
And the truth is I ’m not entirely sure he ’s making the right decision , even for himself .
Forget all the niggling details he cites , and focus only on his central beef — that Apple is a company that does not “ get ” openness , and that this deficiency is going to hinder Pilgrim ’s long - term access to the data he ’s creating .
But if that ’s the case , and Pilgrim has been using Apple computers for 22 years , why has n’t it happened already ?
Openness is n’t binary , a choice between totally open and totally closed , it ’s a continuum .
The question is n’t “ Does Apple get it ? ” , but “ Does Apple get it enough ? ”
But from the perspective of someone immersed in the free software culture , where everything operates near the extreme edge of the open / closed continuum , it ’s easy to see how things begin to look binary — not open / closed , but totally - open / not - totally - open .
That , to me , is the most convincing counter - argument to Pilgrim’s .
That if Apple ’s lack of openness were a disaster in the making , it ( the disaster ) would have occurred already .
And while it is easy to find ways to complain that Apple is not open enough — under - documented and undocumented security updates and system revisions , under - documented and undocumented file formats — it would be hard to argue with the premise that Apple today is more open than it has ever been before .
( Exhibit A : the Web Kit project . )
But there are things that could be better , should be better , but are n’t , and it ’s hard to ascribe these policies to anything other than management that is , at best , indifferent to issues related to openness .
Cf. Tom Yager ’s report in Macworld yesterday of being invited to Apple to discuss his InfoWorld column on the closing of the x86 version of the Darwin kernel ; the gist of Apple ’s response was to tell Yager that he should n’t have written about it because no one cares , which response is rather painfully tone - deaf PR - wise , in that the reason Yager wrote it in the first place is that he obviously thinks his readers do care .
Stories like that give rise to the sinking feeling that Apple ’s executives are n’t merely indifferent to openness , but rather that their stance on openness is in fact highly calculated , and that the calculation is that Apple should be open only so far as necessary to be perceived as being open .
I.e. that openness only pertains to marketing , and not to engineering .
There ’s no question that Apple is chock - a- block with engineers and engineering managers who care about openness , but that does little good without a mandate from the executive level .
I ’m willing to admit that I do n’t have a finely - tuned sense for this stuff .
Pilgrim does , and that ’s why I ’m listening .
