Today I am announcing that my company , Radar Networks , and its flagship product , Twine , have been acquired by Evri .
TechCrunch broke the story here .
This acquisition consolidates two leading providers of semantic discovery and search .
It is also the culmination of a long and challenging venture to pioneer the adoption of the consumer Semantic Web .
As the CEO and founder of Radar Networks and Twine.com , it is difficult to describe what it feels like to have reached this milestone during what has been a tumultuous period of global recession .
I am very proud of my loyal and dedicated team and the incredible work and accomplishments that we have made together , and I am grateful for the unflagging support of our investors , and the huge community of Twine users and supporters .
Selling Twine.com was not something we had planned on doing at this time , but given the economy and the fact that Twine.com is a long - term project that will require significant ongoing investment and work to reach our goals , it is the best decision for the business and our shareholders .
While we received several offers for the company , and were in discussions about M&A with multiple industry leading companies in media , search and social software , we eventually selected Evri .
The Twine team is joining Evri to continue our work there .
The Evri team has assured me that Twine. com ’s data and users are safe and sound and will be transitioned into the Evri.com service over time , in a manner that protects privacy and data , and is minimally disruptive .
I believe they will handle this with care and respect for the Twine community .
It is always an emotional experience to sell a company .
Building Twine.com has been a long , intense , challenging , rewarding , and all - consuming effort .
There were incredible high points and some very deep lows along the way .
But most of all , it has been an adventure I will never forget .
I was fortunate to help pioneer a major new technology — the Semantic Web — with an amazing team , including many good friends .
Bringing something as big , as ambitious , and as risky as Twine.com to market was exhilarating .
Twine has been one of the great learning experiences of my life .
I am profoundly grateful to everyone I ’ve worked with , and especially to those who supported us financially and personally with their moral support , ideas and advocacy .
I am also grateful to unsung heroes behind the project — the families of all of us who worked on it , who never failed to be supportive as we worked days , nights , weekends and vacations to bring Twine to market .
What I ’m Doing Next
I will advise Evri through the transition , but will not be working full - time there .
Instead , I will be turning my primary focus to several new projects , including some exciting new ventures :
Live Matrix , a new venture focusing on making the live Web more navigable .
Live Matrix is led by Sanjay Reddy ( CEO of Live Matrix ; formerly SVP of Corp Dev for Gemstar TV Guide ) .
Live Matrix is going to give the Web a new dimension : time .
More news about this soon .
Klout , the leading provider of social analytics about influencers on Twitter and Facebook ( which I was the first angel investor in , and which I now advise ) .
Klout is a really hot company and it ’s growing fast .
I ’m experimenting with a new way to grow ventures .
It ’s part incubator , part fund , part production company .
I call it a Venture Production Studio .
Through this initiative my partners and I are planning to produce a number of original startups , and selected outside startups as well .
There is a huge gap in the early - stage arena , and to fill this we need to modify the economics and model of early stage venture investing .
I ’m looking forward to working more on my non-profit interests , particularly those related to supporting democracy and human rights around the world , and one of my particular interests , Tibetan cultural preservation .
And last but not least , I ’m getting married later this month , which may turn out to be my best project of all .
If you want to keep up with what I am thinking about and working on , you should follow me on Twitter at @novaspivack , and also keep up with my blog here at novaspivack.com and my mailing list ( accessible in the upper right hand corner of this page ) .
The Story Behind the Story
In making this transition , it seems appropriate to tell the Twine.com story .
This will provide some insight into how we got here , including some of our triumphs , and our mistakes , and some of the difficulties we faced along the way .
Hopefully this will shed some light on the story behind the story , and may even be useful to other entrepreneurs out there in what is perhaps one of the most difficult venture capital and startup environments in history .
( Note : You may also be interested in viewing this presentation , “ A Yarn About Twine ” which covers the full history of the project with lots of pictures of various iterations of our work from the early semantic desktop app to Twine , to T2 . )
The Early Years of the Project
The ideas that led to Twine were born in the 1990 ’s from my work as a co-founder of EarthWeb ( which today continues as Dice.com ) , where among many things we prototyped a number of new knowledge - sharing and social networking tools , along with our primary work developing large Web portals and communities for customers , and eventually our own communities for IT professionals .
My time with EarthWeb really helped me to understand that challenges and potential of sharing and growing knowledge socially on the Web .
I became passionately interested in finding new ways to network people ’s minds together , to solve information overload , and to enable the evolution of a future “ global brain . ”
After EarthWeb ’s IPO
I worked with SRI and Sarnoff to build their business incubator , nVention , and then eventually started my own incubator , Lucid Ventures , through which I co-founded Radar Networks with Kristin Thorisson , from the MIT Media Lab , and Jim Wissner ( the continuing Chief Architect of Twine ) in 2003 .
Our first implementation was a peer - to - peer Java - based knowledge sharing app called “ Personal Radar . ”
Personal Radar was a very cool app — it organized all the information on the desktop in a single semantic information space that was like an “ iTunes for information ” and then made it easy to share and annotate knowledge with others in a collaborative manner .
There were some similarities to apps like Ray Ozzie ’s Groove and the MIT Haystack project , but Personal Radar was built for consumers , entirely with Java , RDF , OWL and the standards of the emerging Semantic Web .
You can see some screenshots pictures of this early work in this slideshow , here .
But due to the collapse of the first Internet bubble there was simply no venture funding available at the time and so instead , we ended up working as subcontractors on the DARPA CALO project at SRI .
This kept our research alive through the downturn and also introduced us to a true Who ’s Who of AI and Semantic Web gurus who worked on the CALO project .
We eventually helped SRI build OpenIRIS , a personal semantic desktop application , which had many similarities to Personal Radar .
All of our work for CALO was open - sourced under the LGPL license .
Becoming a Venture - Funded Company
Deborah L. McGuinness , who was one of the co-designers of the OWL language ( the Web Ontology Language , one of the foundations of the Semantic Web standards at the W3C ) , became one of our science advisers and kindly introduced us to Paul Allen , who invited us to present our work to his team at Vulcan Capital .
The rest is history .
Paul Allen and Ron Conway led an angel round to seed - fund us and we moved out of consulting to DARPA and began work on developing our own products and services .
Our long - term plan was to create a major online portal powered by the Semantic Web that would provide a new generation of Web - scale semantic search and discovery features to consumers .
But for this to happen , first we had to build our own Web - scale commercial semantic applications platform , because there was no platform available at that time that could meet the requirements we had .
In the process of building our platform numerous technical challenges had to be overcome .
At the time ( the early 2000 ’s ) there were few development tools in existence for creating ontologies or semantic applications , and in addition there were no commercial - quality databases capable of delivering high - performance Web - scale storage and retrieval of RDF triples .
So we had to develop our own development tools , our own semantic applications framework , and our own federated high - performance semantic datastore .
This turned out to be a nearly endless amount of work .
However we were fortunate to have Jim Wissner as our lead technical architect and chief scientist .
Under his guidance we went through several iterations and numerous technical breakthroughs , eventually developing the most powerful and developer - friendly semantic applications platform in the world .
This led to the development of a portfolio of intellectual property that provides fundamental DNA for the Semantic Web .
During this process we raised a Series A round led by Vulcan Capital and Leapfrog Ventures , and our team was joined by interface designer and product management expert , Chris Jones ( now leading strategy at HotStudio , a boutique design and user - experience firm in San Francisco ) .
Under Chris ’ guidance we developed Twine.com , our first application built on our semantic platform .
The mission of Twine.com was to help people keep up with their interests more efficiently , using the Semantic Web .
The basic idea was that you could add content to Twine ( most commonly by bookmarking it into the site , but also by authoring directly into it ) , and then Twine would use natural language processing and analysis , statistical methods , and graph and social network analysis , to automatically store , organize , link and semantically tag the content into various topical areas .
These topics could easily be followed by other users who wanted to keep up with specific types of content or interests .
So basically you could author or add stuff to Twine and it would then do the work of making sense of it , organizing it , and helping you share it with others who were interested .
The data was stored semantically and connected to ontologies , so that it could then be searched and reused in new ways .
With the help of Lew Tucker , Sonja Erickson and Candice Nobles , as well as an amazing team of engineers , product managers , systems admins and designers , Twine was announced at the Web 2.0 Summit in October of 2007 and went into full public beta in Q1 of 2008 .
Twine was well - received by the press and early - adopter users .
Soon after our initial beta launch we raised a Series B round , led by Vulcan Capital and Velocity Interactive Group ( now named Fuse Capital ) , as well as DFJ .
This gave us the capital to begin to grow Twine.com rapidly to become the major online destination we envisioned .
In the course of this work we made a number of additional technical breakthroughs , resulting in more than 20 patent filings in total , including several fundamental patents related to semantic data management , semantic portals , semantic social networking , semantic recommendations , semantic advertising , and semantic search .
Four of those patents have been granted so far and the rest are still pending — and perhaps the most interesting of these patents are related to our most recent work on “ T2 ” and are not yet visible .
At the time of beta launch and for almost six months after , Twine was still very much a work in progress .
Fortunately our users and the press were fairly forgiving as we worked through evolving the GUI and feature set from what was initially just slightly better than an alpha site to the highly refined and graphical UI we have today .
During these early days of Twine.com we were fortunate to have a devoted user - base and this became a thriving community of power - users who really helped us to refine the product and develop great content within it .
Rapid Growth , and Scaling Challenges
As Twine grew the community went through many changes and some growing pains , and eventually crossed the chasm to a more mainstream user - base .
Within less than a year from launch the site grew to around 3 million monthly visitors , 300,000 registered users , 25,000 “ twines ” about various interests , and almost 5 million pieces of user - contributed content .
It was on its way to becoming the largest semantic web on the Web .
By all accounts Twine was looking like a potential “ hit . ”
During this period the company staff increased to more than 40 people ( inclusive of contractors and offshore teams ) and our monthly burn rate increased to aggressive levels of spending to keep up with growth .
Despite this growth and spending we still could not keep up with demand for new features and at times we experienced major scaling and performance challenges .
We had always planned for several more iterations of our backend architecture to facilitate scaling the system .
But now we could see the writing on the wall — we had to begin to develop a more powerful , more scalable backend for Twine , much sooner than we had expected we would need to .
This required us to increase our engineering spending further in order to simultaneously support the live version of Twine and its very substantial backend , and run a parallel development team working on the next generation of the backend and the next version of Twine on top of it .
Running multiple development teams instead of one was a challenging and costly endeavor .
The engineering team was stretched thin and we were all putting in 12 to 15 hour days every day .
Breakthrough to “ T2 ”
We began to work in earnest on a new iteration of our back - end architecture and application framework — one that could scale fast enough to keep up with our unexpectedly fast growth rate and the increasing demands on our servers that this was causing .
This initiative yielded unexpected fruit .
Not only did we solve our scaling problems , but we were able to do so to such a degree that entirely new possibilities were opened up to us — ones that had previously been out of reach for purely technical reasons .
In particular , semantic search .
Semantic search had always been a long - term goal of ours , however , in the first version of Twine ( the one that is currently online ) search was our weakest feature area , due to the challenge of scaling a semantic datastore to handle hundreds of billions of triples .
But our user - studies revealed that it was in fact the feature our users wanted us to develop the most – search slowly became the dominant paradigm within Twine , especially when the content in our system reached critical mass .
Our new architecture initiative solved the semantic search problem to such a degree that we realized that not only could we scale Twine.com , we could scale it to eventually become a semantic search engine for the entire Web .
Instead of relying on users to crowdsource only a subset of the best content into our index , we could crawl large portions of the Web automatically and ingest millions and millions of Web pages , process them , and make them semantically searchable — using a true W3C Semantic Web compliant backend .
( Note : Why did we even attempt to do this ?
We believed strongly in supporting open - standards for the Semantic Web , despite the fact that they posed major technical challenges and required tools that did not exist yet , because they promised to enable semantic application and data interoperability , one of the main potential benefits of the Semantic Web ) .
Based on our newfound ability to do Web - scale semantic search , we began planning the next version of Twine — Twine 2.0 ( “ T2 ” ) , with the help of Bob Morgan , Mark Erickson , Sasi Reddy , and a team of great designers .
The new T2 plan would merge new faceted semantic search features with the existing social , personalization and knowledge management features of Twine 1.0 .
It would be the best of both worlds : semantic search + social search .
We began working intensively on developing T2 , along with a new hosted developer tools that would make it easy for any webmaster to easily add their site into our semantic index .
We were certain that with T2 we had finally “ cracked the code ” to the Semantic Web — we had a product plan and a strategy that could really bring the Semantic Web to everyone on the Web .
It elegantly solved the key challenges to adoption and on a technical level , using SOLR instead of a giant triplestore , we were able to scale to unprecedented levels .
It was an exciting plan and everyone on the team was confident in the direction .
To see screenshots that demo T2 and our hosted development tools click here .
The Global Recession
Our growth was fast , and so was our spending , but at the time this seemed logical because the future looked bright and we were in a race to keep ahead of our own curve .
We were quickly nearing a point where we would soon need to raise another round of funding to sustain our pace , but we were confident that with our growth trends steadily increasing and our exciting plans for T2 , the necessary funding would be forthcoming at favorable valuations .
We were wrong .
The global economy crashed unexpectedly , throwing a major curveball in our path .
We had not planned on that happening and it certainly was inconvenient to say the least .
The recession not only hit Wall Street , it hit Silicon Valley .
Venture capital funding dried up almost overnight .
VC funds sent alarming letters to their portfolio companies warning of dire financial turmoil ahead .
Many startups were forced to close their doors , while others made drastic sudden layoffs for better or for worse .
We too made spending cuts , but we were limited in our ability to slash expenses until the new T2 platform could be completed .
Once that was done , we would be able to move Twine to a much more scalable and less costly architecture , and we would no longer need parallel development teams .
But until that happened , we still had to maintain a sizeable infrastructure and engineering effort .
As the recession dragged on , and the clock kept ticking down , the urgency of raising a C round increased , and finally we were faced with a painful decision .
We had to drastically reduce our spending in order to wait out the recession and live to raise more funding in the future .
Unfortunately , the only way to accomplish such a drastic reduction in spending was to lay off almost 30 % of our staff and cut our monthly spending by almost 40 % .
But by doing that we could not possibly continue to work on as many fronts as we had been doing .
The result was that we had to stop most work on Twine 1.0 ( the version that was currently online ) and focus all our remaining development cycles and spending on the team needed to continue our work on T2 .
This was extremely painful for me as the CEO , and for everyone on our team .
But it was necessary for the survival of the business and it did buy us valuable time .
However , it also slowed us down tremendously .
The irony of making this decision was that it reduced our burn - rate but slowed us down , reduced productivity , and cost us time to such a degree that in the end it may have cost us the same amount of money anyway .
While much of our traffic had been organic and direct , we also had a number of marketing partnerships and PR initiatives that we had to terminate .
In addition , as part of this layoff we lost our amazing and talented marketing team , as well as half our product management team , our entire design team , our entire marketing and PR budget , and much of our support and community management team .
This made it difficult to continue to promote the site , launch new features , fix bugs , or to support our existing online community .
And as a result the service began to decline and usage declined along with it .
To make matters worse , at around the same time as we were making these drastic cuts , Google decided to de-index Twine .
To this day we still are not sure why they decided to do this – it could have been that Google suddenly decided we were a competitive search engine , or it could be that their algorithm changed , or it could be that there was some error in our HTML markup that may have caused an indexing problem .
We had literally millions of pages of topical user - generated content – but all of a sudden we saw drastic reductions in the number of pages being indexed , and in the ranking of those pages .
This caused a very significant drop in organic traffic .
With what little team I had remaining we spent time petitioning Google and trying to get reinstated .
But we never managed to return to our former levels of index prominence .
Eventually , with all these obstacles , and the fact that we had to focus our remaining budget on T2 , we put Twine.com on auto - pilot and let the traffic fall off , believing that we would have the opportunity to win it back once we launched next versipn .
While painful to watch , this reduction in traffic and user activity at least had the benefit of reducing the pressure on the engineering team to scale the system and support it under load , giving us time to focus all our energy on getting T2 finished and on raising more funds .
But the recession dragged on and on and on , without end .
VC ’s remained extremely conservative and risk - averse .
Meanwhile , we focused our internal work on growing a large semantic index of the Web in T2 , vertical by vertical , starting with food , then games , and then many other topics ( technology , health , sports , etc. ) .
We were quite confident that if we could bring T2 to market it would be a turning point for Web search , and funding would follow .
Meanwhile we met with VC ’s in earnest .
But nobody was able to invest in anything due to the recession .
Furthermore we were a pre-revenue company working on a risky advanced technology and VC partnerships were far too terrified by the recession to make such a bet .
We encountered the dreaded “ wait and see ” response .
The only way we could get the funding we needed to continue was to launch T2 , grow it , and generate revenues from it , but the only way we could reach those milestones was to launch T2 in the first place : a classic catch - 22 situation .
We took comfort in the fact that we were not alone in this predicament .
Almost every tech company at our stage was facing similar funding challenges .
However , we were determined to find a solution despite the obstacles in our path .
Selling the Business
Had the recession not happened , I believe we would have raised a strong C round based on the momentum of the product and our technical achievements .
Unfortunately , we , like many other early - stage technology ventures , found ourselves in the worst capital crunch in decades .
We eventually came to the conclusion that there was no viable path for the company but to use the runway we had left to sell to another entity that was more able to fund the ongoing development and marketing necessary to monetize T2 .
While selling the company had always been a desirable exit strategy , we had hoped to do it after the launch and growth of T2 .
However , we could not afford to wait any longer .
With some short - term bridge funding from our existing investors , we worked with Growth Point Technology Partners to sell the company .
We met with a number of the leading Internet and media companies and received numerous offers .
In the end , the best and most strategically compatible offer came from Evri , one of our sibling companies in Vulcan Capital ’s portfolio .
While we had the option to sell to larger and more established companies with very compelling offers , it was simply the best option to join Evri .
And so we find ourselves at the present day .
We got the best deal possible for our shareholders given the circumstances .
Twine.com , my team , our users and their data are safe and sound .
As an entrepreneur and CEO it is , as one advisor put it , of the utmost importance to always keep the company moving forward .
I feel that I did manage to achieve this under extremely difficult economic circumstances .
And for that I am grateful .
Outlook for the Semantic Web
I ’ve been one of the most outspoken advocates of the Semantic Web during my tenure at Twine .
So what about my outlook for the Semantic Web now that Twine is being sold and I ’m starting to do other things ?
Do I still believe in the promise of the Semantic Web vision ?
Where is it going ?
These are questions I expect to be asked , so I will attempt to answer them here .
I continue to believe in the promise of semantic technologies , and in particular the approach of the W3C semantic web standards ( RDF , OWL , SPARQL ) .
That said , having tried to bring them to market as hard as anyone ever has , I can truly say they present significant challenges both to developers and to end - users .
These challenges all stem from one underlying problem : Data storage .
Existing SQL databases are not optimal for large - scale , high - performance semantic data storage and retrieval .
Yet triplestores are still not ready for prime - time .
New graph databases and column stores show a lot of promise , but they are still only beginning to emerge .
This situation makes it incredibly difficult to bring Web - scale semantic applications to market cost - effectively .
Enterprise semantic applications are much more feasible today however — because existing and emerging databases and semantic storage solutions do scale to enterprise levels .
But for consumer - grade , enormous , Web services , there are still challenges .
This is single greatest technical obstacle that Twine faced and it cost us a large amount of our venture funding to surmount .
Finally we did find a solution with our T2 architecture , but it is still not a general solution for all types of applications .
I have recently seen some new graph data storage products that may provide the levels of scale and performance needed , but pricing has not been determined yet .
In short , storage and retrieval of semantic graph datasets is a big unsolved challenge that is holding back the entire industry .
We need federated database systems that can handle hundreds of billions to trillions of triples under high load conditions , in the cloud , on commodity hardware and open source software .
Only then will it be affordable to make semantic applications and services at Web - scale .
I believe that semantic metadata is essential for the growth and evolution of the Web .
It is one of the only ways we can hope to dig out from the increasing problem of information overload .
It is one of the only ways to make search , discovery , and collaboration smart enough to really be significantly better than it is today .
But the notion that everyone will learn and adopt standards for creating this metadata themselves is flawed in my opinion .
They wo n’t .
Instead , we must focus on solutions ( like Twine and Evri ) that make this metadata automatically by analyzing content semantically .
I believe this is the most practical approach to bringing the value of semantic search and discovery to consumers , as well as Webmasters and content providers around the Web .
The major search engines are all working on various forms of semantic search , but to my knowledge none of them are fully supporting the W3C standards for the Semantic Web .
In some cases this is because they are attempting to co-opt the standards for their own competitive advantage , and in other cases it is because it is simply easier not to use them .
But in taking the easier path , they are giving up the long - term potential gains of a truly open and interoperable semantic ecosystem .
I do believe that whoever enables this open semantic ecosystem first will win in the end — because it will have greater and faster network effects than any closed competing system .
That is the promise and beauty of open standards : everyone can feel safe using them since no single commercial interest controls them .
At least that ’s the vision I see for the Semantic Web .
As far as where the Semantic Web will add the most value in years to come , I think we will see it appear in some new areas .
First and foremost is e-commerce , an area that is ripe with structured data that needs to be normalized , integrated and made more searchable .
This is perhaps the most potentially profitable and immediately useful application of semantic technologies .
It ’s also one where there has been very little innovation .
But imagine if eBay or Amazon or Salesforce.com provided open - standards - compliant semantic metadata and semantic search across all their data .
Another important opportunity is search and SEO — these are the areas that Twine ’s T2 project focused on , by enabling webmasters to easily and semi-automatically add semantic descriptions of their content into search indexes , without forcing them to learn RDF and OWL and do it manually .
This would create a better SEO ecosystem and would be beneficial not only to content providers and search engines , but also to advertisers .
This is the approach that I believe the major search engines should take .
Another area where semantics could add a lot of value is social media — by providing semantic descriptions of user profiles and user profile data , as well as social relationships on the Web , it would be possible to integrate and search across all social networks in a unified manner .
Finally , another area where semantics will be beneficial is to enable easier integration of datasets and applications around the Web — currently every database is a separate island , but by using the Semantic Web appropriately data can be freed from databases and easily reused , remixed and repurposed by other applications .
I look forward to the promise of a truly open data layer on the Web , when the Web becomes essentially one big open database that all applications can use .
Lessons Learned and Advice for Startups
While the outcome for Twine was decent under the circumstances , and was certainly far better than the alternative of simply running out of money , I do wonder how it could have been different .
I ask myself what I learned and what I would do differently if I had the chance or could go back in time .
I think the most important lessons I learned , and the advice that I would give to other entrepreneurs can be summarized with a few key points :
Raise as little venture capital as possible .
Raise less than you need , not more than you need .
Do n’t raise extra capital just because it is available .
Later on it will make it harder to raise further capital when you really need it .
If you can avoid raising venture capital at all , do so .
It comes with many strings attached .
Angel funding is far preferable .
But best of all , self - fund from revenues as early as you can , if possible .
If you must raise venture capital , raise as little as you can get by on — even if they offer you more .
But make sure you have at least enough to reach your next funding round — and assume that it will take twice as long to close as you think .
It is no easy task to get a startup funded and launched in this economy — the odds are not in your favor — so play defense , not offense , until conditions improve ( years from now ) .
Build for lower exits .
Design your business model and capital strategy so that you can deliver a good ROI to your investors at an exit under $ 30 mm .
Exit prices are going lower , not higher .
There is less competition and fewer buyers and they know it ’s a buyer ’s market .
So make sure your capital strategy gives the option to sell in lower price ranges .
If you raise too much you create a situation where you either have to sell at a loss , or raise even more funding which only makes the exit goal that much harder to reach .
Spend less .
Spend less than you want to , less than you need to , and less than you can .
When you are flush with capital it is tempting to spend it and grow aggressively , but do n’t .
Assume the market will crash — downturns are more frequent and last longer than they used to .
Expect that .
Plan on it .
And make sure you keep enough capital in reserve to spend 9 to 12 months raising your next round , because that is how long it takes in this economy to get a round done .
Do n’t rely on user - traction to raise funding .
You cannot assume that user traction is enough to get your next round done .
Even millions of users and exponential growth are not enough .
VC ’s and their investment committees want to see revenues , and particularly at least breakeven revenues .
A large service that is n’t bringing in revenues yet is not a business , it ’s an experiment .
Perhaps it ’s one that someone will buy , but if you ca n’t find a buyer then what ?
Do n’t assume that VC ’s will fund it .
They wo n’t .
Venture capital investing has changed dramatically — early stage and late stage deals are the only deals that are getting real funding .
Mid -stage companies are simply left to die , unless they are profitable or will soon be profitable .
Do n’t be afraid to downsize when you have to .
It sucks to fire people , but it ’s sometimes simply necessary .
One of the worst mistakes is to not fire people who should be fired , or to not do layoffs when the business needs require it .
You lose credibility as a leader if you do n’t act decisively .
Often friendships and personal loyalties prevent or delay leaders from firing people that really should be fired .
While friendship and loyalty are noble they unfortunately are not always the best thing for the business .
It ’s better for everyone to take their medicine sooner rather than later .
Your team knows who should be fired .
Your team knows when layoffs are needed .
Ask them .
Then do it .
If you do n’t feel comfortable firing people , or you ca n’t do it , or you do n’t do it when you need to , do n’t be the CEO .
Develop cheaply , but still pay market salaries .
Use offshore development resources , or locate your engineering team outside of the main “ tech hub ” cities .
It is simply too expensive to compete with large public and private tech companies to pay top dollar for engineering talent in places like San Francisco and Silicon Valley .
The cost of top - level engineers is too high in major cities to be affordable and the competition to hire and retain them is intense .
If you can get engineers to work for free or for half price then perhaps you can do it , but I believe you get what you pay for .
So rather thank skimp on salaries , pay people market salaries , but do it where market salaries are more affordable .
Only innovate on one frontier at a time .
For example , either innovate by making a new platform , or a new application , or a new business model .
Do n’t do all of these at once , it ’s just too hard .
If you want to make a new platform , just focus on that , do n’t try to make an application too .
If you want to make a new application , use an existing platform rather than also building a platform for it .
If you want to make a new business model , use an existing application and platform — they can be ones you have built in the past , but do n’t attempt to do it all at once .
If you must do all three , do them sequentially , and make sure you can hit cash flow breakeven at each stage , with each one .
Otherwise you ’re at risk in this economy .
I hope that this advice is of some use to entrepreneurs ( and VC’s ) who are reading this .
I ’ve personally made all these mistakes myself , so I am speaking from experience .
Hopefully I can spare you the trouble of having to learn these lessons the hard way .
What we did Well
I ’ve spent considerable time in this article focusing on what did n’t go according to plan , and the mistakes we ’ve learned from .
But it ’s also important to point out what we did right .
I ’m proud of the fact that Twine accomplished many milestones , including :
Pioneering the Semantic Web and leading the charge to make it a mainstream topic of conversation .
Creating the most powerful , developer friendly , platform for the Semantic Web .
Successfully completing our work on CALO , the largest Semantic Web project in the US .
Launching the first mainstream consumer application of Semantic Web .
Having a very successful launch , covered by hundreds of articles .
Gaining users extremely rapidly — faster than Twitter did in it ’s early years .
Hiring and retaining an incredible team of industry veterans .
Raising nearly $ 24 mm of venture capital over 2 rounds , because our plan was so promising .
Developing more than 20 patents , several of which are fundamentally important for the Semantic Web field .
Surviving two major economic bubbles and the downturns that followed .
Innovating and most of all , adapting to change rapidly .
Breaking through to T2 — a truly awesome technological innovation for Web - scale semantic search .
Selling the company in one of the most difficult economic environments in history .
I am proud of what we accomplished with Twine .
It ’s been “ a long strange trip ” but one that has been full of excitement and accomplishments to remember .
Conclusions
If you ’ve actually read this far , thank you .
This is a big article , but after all , Twine is a big project – One that lasted nearly 5 years ( or 9 years if you include our original research phase ) .
I ’m still bullish on the Semantic Web , and genuinely very enthusiastic about what Evri will do with Twine.com going forward .
Again I want to thank the hundreds of people who have helped make Twine possible over the years – but in particular the members of our technical and management team who went far beyond the call of duty to get us to the deal we have reached with Evri .
While this is certainly the end of an era , I believe that this story has only just begun .
The first chapters are complete and now we are moving into a new era .
Much work remains to be done and there are certainly still challenges and unknowns , but progress continues and the Semantic Web is here to stay .
Social tagging : Evri
Though there are a few more songs floating around the internets , I had no plans of posting any more music from the upcoming Nas x Damian Marley collabo album , Distant Relatives .
The release date is less than two weeks away ( May 18th ) , and I think we ’ve all heard more than enough to convince us that this album is worth the purchase .
However , this latest song , “ Patience , ” seems to have been released by them .
This track definitely has a different sound / feel than the prior songs we ’ve heard , but I ’m with it .
Austin St. John - Red Ranger
St . John wrote a martial arts book since leaving the show .
It is entitled Karate Warrior : A Beginner 's Guide to Martial Arts .
He is currently a paramedic n the Washington DC suburbs of Northern Virginia .
And for those who had a big crush on him during his glory days , on the left is a
recent pic !
Walter Emanuel Jones - Black Ranger
David Yost - Blue Ranger
Yost continued on acting soon after finishing close to 200 episodes of the show .
Of the original 5 , he stayed with the show the longest .
He has since produced a number of cable tv series .
Recently , he starred as a Playboy photographer in the made - for - tv movie After Diff 'rent Strokes : When the Laughter Stopped .
Yost continued on acting soon after finishing close to 200 episodes of the show .
Of the original 5 , he stayed with the show the longest .
He has since produced a number of cable tv series .
Recently , he starred as a Playboy photographer in the made - for - tv movie Jones has focused on teaching and performing salsa dancing and placed first in the 2004 Mayan International Salsa Championship .
He recently appeared in the reality tv show Age of Love providing salsa instructions .
He now runs a dance studio in LA .
Thuy Trang - Yellow Ranger
Trang died at the age of 27 in a car accident on September 3 , 2001 near San Francisco , California .
She and former actress / model Angela Rockwood - Nguyen , to whom Trang was to be a bridesmaid later that year , were passengers in a car traveling on Interstate 5 between San Francisco and Los Angeles ( they were returning from visiting Angela 's planned maid of honor ) when the driver ( another of Angela 's bridesmaids ) of the vehicle she was riding in lost control .
The episode
Amy Jo Johnson - Pink Ranger
Johnson was Julie Emrick in the popular tv drama Felicity .
She now regularly appears with her band Valhalla , where she is the lead singer as well as a guitarist & has recently contributed guest vocals to Koishii and Hush 's cover of The Cars track " Since You 're Gone " .
Jason David Frank - Green Ranger
Frank appeared in the most Power Ranger series & spin - offs .
He was in Mighty Morphin ( original ) , Zeo , Turbo , Wild Force and DinoThunder .
He also starred in 2 Power Rangers movies !
Since then , he has founded of the Toso Kune Do sytem , an American Martial Arts system that follows the concepts of many of the American Martial Art Masters such as Bruce Lee , Ed Parker and the like who blended many martial art techniques , concepts and disciplines to seek truth in self expression .
He now teaches this technique in his
Frank appeared in the most Power Ranger series & spin - offs .
He was in Mighty Morphin ( original ) , Zeo , Turbo , Wild Force and DinoThunder .
He also starred in 2 Power Rangers movies !
Since then , he has founded of the Toso Kune Do sytem , an American Martial Arts system that follows the concepts of many of the American Martial Art Masters such as Bruce Lee , Ed Parker and the like who blended many martial art techniques , concepts and disciplines to seek truth in self expression .
He now teaches this technique in his Rising Sun Karate Academy in Houston .
Johnson was Julie Emrick in the popular tv dramaShe now regularly appears with her band , where she is the lead singer as well as a guitarist & has recently contributed guest vocals to Koishii and Hush 's cover of The Cars track " Since You 're Gone " .
Trang died at the age of 27 in a car accident on September 3 , 2001 near San Francisco , California .
She and former actress / model Angela Rockwood - Nguyen , to whom Trang was to be a bridesmaid later that year , were passengers in a car traveling on Interstate 5 between San Francisco and Los Angeles ( they were returning from visiting Angela 's planned maid of honor ) when the driver ( another of Angela 's bridesmaids ) of the vehicle she was riding in lost control .
The episode " Circuit Unsure " of Power Rangers : Time Force was dedicated to her memory .
15 years after they first stormed into our tv screens and imaginations , let 's re-visit the 6 actors that made up this colorful band of renegade enforcers .
A SENIOR Iranian cleric has claimed that dolled - up women incite extramarital sex , causing more earthquakes in Iran , a country that straddles several fault lines , newspapers reported today .
" Many women who dress inappropriately ... cause youths to go astray , taint their chastity and incite extramarital sex in society , which increases earthquakes , " Ayatollah Kazem Sedighi told worshippers at overnight prayers in Tehran .
" Calamities are the result of people 's deeds , " he was quoted as saying by reformist Aftab-e Yazd newspaper .
" We have no way but conform to Islam to ward off dangers . "
The Islamic dress code is mandatory in Iran , which has been under clerical rule for more than three decades .
Every post - pubescent woman regardless of her religion or nationality must cover her hair and bodily contours in public .
Offenders face punishment and fine .
But this has not stopped urban women from appearing in the streets wearing tight coats and flimsy headscarves and layers of skilfully applied makeup .
Iran is prone to frequent quakes , many of which have been devastating .
The worst in recent times hit the southern city of Bam in December 2003 , killing 31,000 people - about a quarter of the population - and destroying its ancient mud-built citadel .
Originally published as Extramarital sex fuels earthquakes - Iran cleric
Mar 23 , 2010
It can be said that one of the strengths of Clojure is that it is comprised of many little mini-languages , each fulfilling a particular sweet spot .
Based on a conversation on #clojure , I present here a list of Clojure ’s internal mini-languages , with some examples of each :
Destructuring
One of the most powerful features that Clojure provides is that of destructuring .
Simply put , destructuring refers to the way that collections can be pulled apart into local bindings .
( defn destr-seq [ [ a b & more ] ] ( str " Got " a " , " b " , and " more ) ) ( destr-seq [ 1 2 ] ) ;=>
" Got 1 , 2 , and " ( destr-seq [ 1 2 3 4 ] ) ;=>
" Got 1 , 2 , and ( 3 4 ) " ;; associative desctructuring ( let [ {first - thing 0 last - thing 3} ' [ a b c d ] ] [ first - thing last - thing ] ) ;=> [ a d ] ;; map destructuring ( let [ {p1 : player1 p2 : player2} {: player1 " Mike " , : player2 " Chris "} ] [ p1 :vs p2 ] ) ;=> [ " Mike " :vs " Chris " ]
And there are many other ways to destructure in Clojure ( including a facility for named - args coming soon ) , but I think there is little doubt that what I ’ve shown counts as a mini-language .
List Comprehensions
Clojure list - comprehensions are performed using the for macro :
( for [x ( range 3 ) , y ( range 3 ) , z ( range 3 ) : when ( or ( < x y z ) (> x y z ) ) ] [ x y z ] ) ; => ( [ 0 1 2 ] [ 2 1 0 ] ) ( for [x ( range 3 ) , y ( range 3 ) , z ( range 3 ) : while ( or ( < x y z ) (> x y z ) ) ] [ x y z ] ) ;=> ( [ 2 1 0 ] )
The for - comprehension also allows a binding form using the : let directive .
Regular Expressions
Regular expressions are far from mini , but in the greater context of Clojure I ’ll just name it as a mini-language :
( re-seq # " \w * ( \w ) " " one - two / three " ) ;=> ( [ " one " " e " ] [ " two " " o " ] [ " three " " e " ] ) ( re-find # " (?i) ninjas " " NiNJaS " ) ;=> " NiNJaS "
There is not much else to say about regular expressions .
#()
The short - hand function form is a particularly small mini-language , but likely fits the bill :
( def four - things #( list % % 2 %3 %4 ) ) ( four - things 1 2 3 4 ) ;=> ( 1 2 3 4 ) ( # ( apply % 1 %& ) str " Hello " " Cleveland " ) ;=> " Hello Cleveland "
Syntax - quote
Syntax quote is roughly analogous to the Lisp backquote ; however , the former does some nice things to avoid name capturing .
I will not go into that particular aspect , but you may be able to garner how with some examples :
` (+ 10 (* 3 2 ) ) ;=> ( clojure.core /+ 10 ( clojure.core /* 3 2 ) ) `(+ 10 ~(* 3 2 ) ) ;=> ( clojure.core /+ 10 6 ) ( let [ x '(+ 2 3 ) ] ` (1 ~@x ) ) ;=> ( 1 + 2 3 ) `x # ;=> x__623__auto__ + ;=> #<core$_PLUS___3519 clojure.core$_PLUS___3519@6179d854 > `~ '+ ;=> + `(~'+ 1 2 3 ) ;=> (+ 1 2 3 ) ( eval `( ~ '+ 1 2 3 ) ) ;=> 6
The above examples do no justice to the power of syntax - quote .
Of course , any time you talk about it a discussion of macros soon follows , which provide a way for an infinite number of mini-languages to be created .
pre- and post - conditions
I talked about function constraints previously , so I will not cover that ground again .
However , in summary they provide the building blocks for contract programming .
( defn constrained - fn [f x ] {:pre [ ( pos ? x ) ] : post [ (= % (* 2 x ) ) ] } ( f x ) ) ( constrained - fn #(* 2 %) 2 ) ;=> 4 ( constrained - fn #( float (* 2 % ) )
2 ) ;=> 4.0 ( constrained - fn #(* 3 %) 2 ) ;= > java.lang .
Exception : Assert failed : ( = % (* 2 x ) )
Sean Devlin also created a screencast taking pre- and post - conditions one step further .
-> and ->>
I ’ve also talked about Clojure ’s pipeline macro -> , but did not show the ability to nest :
(-> 25 Math / sqrt (->> (- 3 ) str ) ) ;= > " - 2 "
Literal Numerics
These are all the same number :
[ 127 0x7 F 0177 16r7 F 2r01111111 ] ;=> [ 127 127 127 127 127 ]
ns
Namespace declarations are very declarative in nature :
( ns joy .ns - ex ( : refer - clojure : exclude [ defstruct ] ) ( : use ( clojure set xml ) ) ( : use [ clojure . test :only ( are is ) ] ) ( : require ( clojure [ zip : as z ] ) ) ( : import ( java.util Date ) ( java.io File ) ) )
gen -class
The gen -class feature is likewise declarative in nature , both in their stand - alone form , and their ns - embedded ( which would make them an internal - internal - mini - language ) form :
( ns clojure.examples.instance ( : gen-class :implements [ java.util.Iterator ] : init init : constructors { [ String ] [ ]} : state state ) )
A much better description of gen-class can be found on Meikel Brandmeyer ‘s blog .
Macros
Many of these so - called mini-languages are possible thanks to Clojure ’s macros .
While not really a mini-language , macros are the building blocks of your own .
What mini-languages does your programming language have ?
-m
So now it begins to make sense .
Last month , Verizon announced that they would be winding down their FiOS deployment , with costs already in the billions and an ISP market that 's becoming increasingly competitive .
All told , 18 states have ( or soon will have ) FiOS , and soon , it looks like 11 of them will be handed off to someone else .
Verizon has spent a great deal of time , energy and effort in marketing FiOS and getting it into as many homes as possible .
But it seems like the best move at this point is to cut ties and sell out .
Now , it looks like a deal is in the works to sell FiOS markets in 11 states , with the reason being that they 're looking to " narrow focus to fast - growing wireless and high - speed Internet businesses . "
Frontier Communications , a CT - based company , is set to buy Verizon 's phone and cable lines in the Northwest and elsewhere for $ 5.3 billion in stock , with Verizon receiving an additional $ 3.3 billion derived from assets being sold .
All told , Frontier will acquire around 4.7 m phone lines ( nearly tripling the size of their current holdings ) , but of course Verizon will hold tight to their wireless business .
What 's interesting here is what the future could hold for Verizon Communications as a whole .
Will this enable Verizon to jump to LTE faster in the wireless space ?
Will other U.S. carriers need to fear seeing a Verizon map with 100 % 4G coverage over America ?
It 's hard to say now , but you can bet we 're keeping our fingers crossed .
Now , if only that iPhone would go ahead and jump over ...
Fox News Channel finishing first in the cable news ratings race is about as newsworthy as Bruce Springsteen closing a show with " Born to Run . "
Nonetheless , that the News Corp. - owned cable channel has finished first in viewers and key demographics for 100 months in a row is something of an achievement .
In prime time , Fox News averaged about 1.9 million viewers for the month of April .
That beat the combined audiences of MSNBC , CNN and HLN .
Not everyone at Fox News is dancing on top of their desks .
Glenn Beck has seen his audience fall almost 30 % since the start of the year , from about 2.9 million viewers in January to 2.1 million in April .
While the Beck sensation may be slowing , the decline in his audience has hardly made a dent on the lead he enjoys for his 5 p.m. festival of emotions .
His rivals should hold off a little on popping the Champagne ..
Speaking of rivals , CNN's Larry King seems to have gotten no ratings boost for his recent personal troubles .
His prime - time audience of 670,000 viewers was down 41 % compared to April 2009 .
He was off almost 50 % in the 25 - 54 demographic .
He now routinely loses not only to Fox News , but to MSNBC's Rachel Maddow and , in fact , is barely staying ahead of HLN's Joy Behar .
Larry King is not the only King having a hard time at CNN .
John King 's 7 p.m. show is getting clobbered as well , losing almost half of Lou Dobbs ' audience from a year ago .
MSNBC , meanwhile , continues to pull away from CNN , beating it in viewers and demographics in prime time .
Maddow in particular is seeing her fortunes rise , and she now beats her colleague Keith Olbermann among adults 25 - 54 .
-- Joe Flint
Photo : Glenn Beck .
Credit : Richard Drew / Associated Press .
Oh you wild wide hurler :
Like a spear beyond other things
I lay beyond meaning .
Your resonance
flung me far .
I know not , where I am .
Nothing can bring me back .
My sisters think of me and weave ,
and the house is full of familiar steps .
I alone am gone and far away ,
and I tremble like a plea ;
for the beautiful goddess in the middle
of her myths glows and lives my life .
A key US Senator who indicated tentative , early support for stripping US nationals tied to overseas terrorist groups of their citizenship now firmly opposes the plan , his office said Wednesday .
Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer had said Tuesday that he had not reviewed the controversial proposal from Independent Senator Joe Lieberman but “ that sounds like something I ’d support . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Having learned about the proposal , the senator believes it would be found unconstitutional and would also be ineffective in this context , ” Schumer spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement .
Lieberman had floated his plan amid a debate sparked by the arrest and interrogation of a Pakistani - born US citizen suspected of being behind the failed car bombing in New York ’s Times Square .
“ If you have joined an enemy of the United States in attacking the United States to try to kill Americans I think you sacrifice your rights of citizenship , ” said Lieberman .
US law requires authorities to inform such suspects of their right to remain silent and have a lawyer present , with some exceptions in cases where they believe the person being questioned may have knowledge of imminent crimes .
Failure to inform them of their rights can lead courts to exclude evidence obtained thanks to their interrogation .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There are much better ways of obtaining information from terrorists , ” said Fallon .
During his trip to the United States Mexico's President Felipe Calderón received a lot of attention for falsely claiming that Arizona 's new immigration law uses " racial profiling . "
Calderon 's attacks on U.S. policies continued during his address to Congress on Thursday .
Immigration was n’t his only topic .
He spent over four minutes of his address lecturing Americans and calling them on to renew the Federal Assault Weapons Ban that sunset in September 2004 .
Calderon 's message was simple : the reason that Mexicans are losing the drug war is because the U.S. assault weapons ban expired .
Yet , Calderon 's understanding of what the Federal Assault Weapons Ban is no more accurate than it is about Arizona 's new immigration law .
Let 's review the assertions he made to Congress :
-- Calderon claimed that these were " powerful weapons . "
It is a common misunderstanding as the " assault weapons " ban conjures up images of machine guns used by militaries .
Yet the 1994 federal assault weapons ban had nothing to do with machine guns , only semiautomatics , which fire one bullet per pull of the trigger .
The AK - 47s banned by the assaults weapons ban were civilian , semiautomatic versions of the gun .
The banned guns fired the same type of bullets , with the same rapidity , and doing the same damage as deer hunting rifles .
Their inside guts are essentially the same as deer hunting rifles -- some people just like to own these " military - style " weapons because of the way they look on the outside .
The firing mechanisms in semiautomatics and machine guns are completely different .
The entire firing mechanism of a semi-automatic gun has to be gutted and replaced to turn it into a military AK - 47 .
Just as Mexican drug cartels are able to bring drugs into their country , they are also able to bring in really powerful weapons from around the world to defend both their valuable drugs as well their turf against competing drug dealers .
Reports indicate that grenades and rocket launchers are not even available for sale in the United States and come from countries such as South Korea , Israel , and Spain .
Two thousand two hundred thirty nine grenades were seized by the Mexican government from 2007 to 2009 .
Similarly , machine guns in Mexico originate from China , Israel , and South Africa .
It is hard to believe that Mexican drug cartels would want to get look - alike " military - style " weapons from the U.S. , when they can get the real military weapons elsewhere .
Calderon also asserted : " And if you look carefully you will notice that the violence in Mexico started to grow a couple of years before I took office in 2006 .
This coincides , at least , with the lifting of the assault weapons ban in 2004 . "
Calderon took office on December 1 , 2006 .
And it is understandable that he would want to claim that the increase in murder rates started before he became president .
It is also understandable that he would want to blame his country ’s rising crime rate on the United States , but it simply is n't true .
As * this * graph from The Los Angeles Times demonstrates , Mexico 's homicide rate fell from 15.8 homicides per 100,000 people in 1997 to less than 10 per 100,000 people in 2006 .
This is a fact , despite Calderon 's contention that if " you look carefully " you will see an increase in violence from the U.S. Assault Weapons Ban sunsetting .
The 2007 and 2008 homicide rates were both lower than the rate in 2004 .
It seems pretty clear that the homicide rate in 2009 was higher than 2008 , but it is n't clear why a change in U.S. law should take five years to cause an increase in crime especially in Mexico .
-- Calderon also warned : " And with all due respect , if you do not regulate the sale of these weapons in the right way , nothing guarantees that criminals here in the United States with access to the same power of weapons will not decide to challenge American authorities and civilians . "
There has been no increase in murder rates in the U.S. since the Federal Assault Weapons sunset in September 2004 .
The U.S. murder rate was 5.7 per 100,000 people in 2003 , the last full year without the law , and in only one year since then has the murder rate been as high as 5.7 .
In 2008 , the murder rate was down to 5.4 .
In fact , the just released third edition of my book " More Guns , Less Crime ” covers the years from 1977 to 2005 and shows that the federal and state assault weapon bans coincides with slight , but very statistically significant , increases in murder and robbery rates .
-- Calderon said , " Just to give you an idea , we have seized 75,000 guns and assault weapons in Mexico in the past three years , and more than 80 percent of those we have been able to trace came from the United States , " Calderon told Congress .
As Fox News reported last year , not all the weapons seized in Mexico even have serial numbers that allow them to be traced and those weapons come from countries other than the United States .
" Not every weapon seized in Mexico has a serial number on it that would make it traceable , and the U.S. effort to trace weapons really only extends to weapons that have been in the U.S. market , " Matt Allen , special agent of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , told Fox News for the investigation that they conducted .
All that the “ more than 80 percent number ” cited by Calderon means is that the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives could trace that percentage of the guns that had been submitted by Mexico to the U.S .
The true percentage of guns that have gone from the United States to Mexico is n't known , but if American - made guns without serial numbers are excluded , the percentage is probably around 20 percent .
( All American - made guns were required to have serial numbers after 1968 and many guns were made with serial numbers at least as far back as the 1930s . )
Even if these very old guns are included the percentage rises to at most to 36 percent .
It is n't clear how any new American gun laws are going to effect guns probably taken to Mexico more than 40 years ago .
President Calderón really needs to read American laws before he lectures us about how we should change them .
More worrisome , the vast majority of Democrats appeared to stand up and give him a long 20 second standing ovation when Calderón called for renewing the Assault Weapons Ban .
Banning guns based on their looks and not how they function does n't make a lot of sense for reducing crime .
John R. Lott , Jr. is a FoxNews.com contributor .
He is an economist and author of " More Guns , Less Crime ( University of Chicago Press , 2010 ) , the third edition was published this month .
The former half - term governor from Alaska continues to inspire the wingnuttia :
She asked for the women -- who greeted her with an enthusiastic standing ovation -- to provide a " prayer shield " to strengthen her against what she said was " deception " in the media .
She denounced this week 's Wisconsin federal court ruling that government observance of a National Day of Prayer was unconstitutional -- which the crowd joined in booing .
She asserted that America needs to get back to its Christian roots and rejected any notion that " God should be separated from the state . "
That would be the media that regurgitates her every word as gospel .
As for the idea that God should n't be separated from the state ?
Presumably that would be her God .
And as Steve Benen at The Washington Monthly points out :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Jewish groups and victims of sex abuse by Catholic priests have condemned the Pope 's preacher for comparing criticism of the pontiff to anti-Semitism .
US - based abuse victims ' group Snap said the remarks were " morally wrong " .
The head of Germany 's Central Council of Jews described the Easter sermon as unprecedented " insolence " .
The Catholic Church has been rocked by abuse scandals this year .
The Vatican said Raniero Cantalamessa's remarks did not represent its official view .
Drawing such parallels could " lead to misunderstandings " , spokesman Rev Federico Lombardi told the Associated Press .
Fr Cantalamessa's sermon was printed in full on the front page of the Vatican 's official newspaper , L'Osservatore Romano .
The Catholic Church has been engulfed this year by sex abuse scandals , many dating back decades , in Ireland , Switzerland , the Netherlands , Austria , the Pope 's native Germany and the US .
' Repulsive and offensive '
At a Good Friday service in St Peter 's Basilica in Rome , the Preacher of the Pontifical Household compared criticism of the Church over abuse allegations to " the collective violence suffered by the Jews " .
ANALYSIS David Willey , BBC Vatican correspondent
The Vatican has been engaged for the past few months in a damage - control operation , defending itself vigorously over claims it covered up cases of sexual abuse in recent decades .
But on one of the most solemn weekends in the Christian calendar , it sparked fresh controversy over its handling of the scandals , which have erupted in many countries .
Fr Raniero Cantalamessa probably thought it would be helpful to compare recent criticism against the Church to anti-Semitism , but he hit absolutely the wrong note .
Although Benedict XVI has made a point of visiting Israel , relations are still tetchy to say the least and comments like this wo n't help .
But the bigger problem is not ties with Israel , but the damage done to the credibility of the Catholic Church worldwide ; this is a very serious crisis for the Vatican .
The Pope , meanwhile , appears to have decided to refrain from any direct comment on the abuse scandals this Easter .
Fr Cantalamessa said he had been inspired by a letter from a Jewish friend who had been upset by the " attacks " against the Pope .
He then read part of the letter , in which his friend said he was following " with indignation the violent and concentric attacks against the Church , the Pope and all the faithful of the whole world " .
" The use of stereotypes and the passing from personal responsibility and guilt to a collective guilt remind me of the more shameful aspects of anti-Semitism , " he quoted the letter as saying , as the Pope listened .
The comments swiftly provoked angry reactions both from Jewish groups and those representing abuse victims .
The secretary general of Germany 's Central Council of Jews , Stephan Kramer , told the Associated Press the remarks were " repulsive , obscene and most of all offensive towards all abuse victims as well as to all the victims of the Holocaust " .
A spokesman for the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests ( Snap ) said the sermon had been " reckless and irresponsible " .
' Failure to act '
In pictures : Good Friday Church ' needs fresh start ' Irish Church ' lost credibility '
On Saturday , he is to lead an Easter vigil service in St Peter 's and on Sunday he is due to deliver his traditional Urbi et Orbi - " for the city and the world " - message and blessing .
The pontiff has been accused personally of failing to take action against a suspected abuser during his tenure as archbishop of Munich - a claim the Vatican strongly denies .
Critics also say that when he was prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , which deals with sex abuse cases , he did not act against a US priest who is thought to have abused some 200 deaf boys .
On Friday , the Associated Press reported that the then - Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger had also allowed a case against a priest in Arizona to languish at the Vatican for years , despite repeated pleas from a local bishop for the man to be removed from the priesthood .
Documents reportedly show that in 1990 , members of a Church tribunal found that Rev Michael Teta had molested children as far back as the late 1970s .
The panel referred the case to Cardinal Ratzinger .
But it took 12 years from the time the future Pope assumed control of the case in a signed letter until Rev Teta was removed from the ministry , it was alleged .
AP reported it had seen other documents which indicated that as a Vatican cardinal , Benedict was also warned of allegations against another Arizona priest , Msgr Robert Trupia .
A bishop had labelled Trupia " a major risk factor to the children , adolescents and adults " , but it was not clear from the case files whether Cardinal Ratzinger had replied , reported AP .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NASHVILLE , Tenn. , May 4 ( Reuters ) - Flooding overwhelmed utilities in downtown Nashville on Tuesday , knocking out power and water service to thousands , after weekend storms were blamed for more than two dozen deaths .
“ Power will be out for the next few days downtown due to water in underground vaults , ” the city ’s mayor , Karl Dean , said in a statement .
He said 3,500 customers were without electricity .
The Cumberland River burst its banks and submerged several city blocks in Nashville ’s downtown tourist district in sewage - tainted water .
Flooding that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers called a “ 1,000 - year event ” also inundated sites such as the Grand Ole Opry entertainment and hotel complex , the football stadium , and one of two water plants serving the city of 626,000 people .
Mayor Dean asked residents to halve water usage , the city ’s bus service was shut down , and schools were closed for a second day since more than a foot ( 30 cm ) of rain fell over the weekend on parts of Tennessee , Mississippi and Kentucky .
Tennessee reported 19 storm - related deaths , including one from a tornado , Mississippi had six deaths and Kentucky two .
Thousands of people had to be evacuated , many by boat , and road closures were common .
Davidson County , which includes Nashville , postponed Tuesday ’s scheduled election primary for two weeks because of the flooding .
Tennessee Governor Phil Bredesen declared disasters in 52 of the state ’s 95 counties .
U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee said the region will get help from the federal government , dismissing suggestions that the Gulf oil spill would divert resources .
“ The oil spill is being handled primarily by the oil industry .
The federal people ca n’t do that .
Federal folk usually get in early on something like floods .
But it ’s just saddening to me to see this situation , ” he said .
The Cumberland River , which winds through Nashville , crested late on Monday about 12 feet ( 3.7 metres ) above flood stage , but tributaries such as the Harpeth and Duck Rivers rose to record levels .
The Army Corps said it had to release water into the Cumberland from dams upstream to lower rain - swollen lakes .
( Reporting by Pat Harris in Nashville and Andrew Stern in Chicago ; Editing by Doina Chiacu )
March 12 , 2010  --
The government 's use of private security contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan has been blasted as costly to the image of the U.S. , and to the country 's bottom line , because a company like Blackwater can charge as much as $ 1222 a day for a hired gun .
But a new government report says they may actually have saved U.S. taxpayers money .
The State Department saves roughly $ 900 million a year using private firms to protect American diplomats in Iraq rather than relying on U.S. government employees , according to a recently published review by the non partisan Government Accounting Office .
The review found a number of reasons for the difference in price .
The state department did not have to pay overtime or provide benefits or vacation time to the contractors .
They were not saddled with extensive travel and housing costs .
And they did not have to outfit them with weapons and gear .
In several of the cases reviewed by the government accountants , the private contractors were employing foreign nationals , a key factor in holding down costs .
Of the nearly 2000 contractors providing security at the U.S. embassy in Baghdad , for instance , 89 percent are foreign nationals .
Eight percent are US citizens .
The report noted that the State Department would have been " reluctant to hire third country nationals to provide security in Iraq because the department does not want to be perceived as hiring mercenaries . "
Still , the State Department saved $ 785 million in 2008 alone by hiring contractors to provide for embassy security , according to the report .
If the State Department had hired and trained its own guards , the cost would have exceeded $ 858 million .
Instead , private security cost roughly $ 78 million .
The report analyzed five different contracts the government has put out in Iraq to protect State Department employees and facilities .
Of the five , four showed savings with contractors .
The only outlier dealt with bodyguards for State Department employees in Baghdad .
Hiring contractors for that cost $ 140 million more than had they used their own people .
Prior government reports have indicated that it is this type of high intensity work – the work that companies such as Blackwater provide – that comes with the heaviest cost burden .
By one 2008 estimate , those guards cost as much as $ 1,222 per day .
However , the report notes , " the State Department does not currently have a sufficient number of trained personnel to provide security in Iraq , the department would need to recruit , hire , and train additional employees at an additional cost of $ 162 million . "
The State Department also said they would have to hire double the 3,165 people as are currently employed for the Iraq security contracts because State Department employees are only required to serve one year rotations in warzones before returning to the U.S .
There were limitations to the study , the report acknowledges .
Costs for awarding security contracts and oversight of contractors could not be determined by the State Department , for example .
Despite the apparent savings , several deadly incidents in Iraq and Afghanistan involving Xe Services , the company formerly known as Blackwater , have drawn protests in and out of government about whether or not private security contractors are an incendiary element of the US presence in those two warzones .
The list of contractor incidents has become extensive since the deadly Nisour Square shooting incident in 2007 , when Blackwater personal security guards allegedly killed 17 Iraqi civilians .
Last year , Armor Group lost its contract to provide embassy security in Kabul , Afghanistan , after a series of lewd photos of their employees surfaced .
And two Blackwater security trainers were indicted for allegedly killing two Afghan civilians after spending the evening drinking .
Congresswoman Jan Schakowsky ( D - IL ) , who has sponsored a bill to outlaw government contracts to private security companies , defended her bill against the report , told ABC News that money was not the biggest factor in assessing the value of contractors in war zones .
" You can outsource the work , but you also outsource the oversight , " Schakowsky said .
" We have been willing to hire less trained foreign nationals to do the work then we can get the job done by sweeping problems under the rug . "
At a recent Senate hearing , the contradictions were apparent when Senator Claire McCaskill ( D - MO ) , who was in the midst of lambasting both DoD officials and contractors from Raytheon and Blackwater , acknowledged that Blackwater had provided her security on a trip to Afghanistan .
" And let me acknowledge how many veterans are working for these companies that are doing great service , that are putting themselves in harm 's way , and that are helping us achieve a mission that frankly we could not achieve with the number of boots on the ground we can get there in a very quick time period . "
Carole Coffey , one of the report 's authors , noted that the U.S. government has no precedent for needing such a large security footprint in a foreign country .
" The US has never build and fight at the same time , " she said .
" These are unique situations . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
With the Playstation Store update coming today so too arrives the PSN version of Mega Man 10 .
You can play as the red - headed Proto Man right from the start , and …wait , there ’s going to be an easy mode ?
BLASPHAMY !/THANK GOD !
Probably a good move by Capcom to include this , at least they feel , as it will “ allow new fans to indulge in the challenges that make the series great . ”
I ’m just looking forward to having the option not to die a million times as I ’m forced to slowly develop muscle memory of the level .
Now maybe I can have a MM session under 30 minutes that does n’t end in my controller being used as a projectile directed at my television .
Mega Man 10 is out on PS3 today , with the Wii version out now and the Xbox 360 version coming March 31 .
From the description :
The year is 20XX and a suspicious outbreak of Roboenza , a Robot Flu , has broken out .
It spreads through the world like wildfire bringing down robots everywhere .
Infected robots are on a rampage and out of control as they destroy the city and hold everyone hostage !
Who ’s behind this mess ?
It ’s up to Mega Man to take on this sinister threat and get to the bottom of this viral mystery .
Throughout Mega Man ’s new adventure he ’ll take on the malfunctioning - infected robots and classic - style bosses with the unique gameplay only found in a Mega Man ? game .
Each Robot Master has his own unique weapons and vulnerabilities .
The creator of the original Mega Man , Keiji Inafune , is in charge of directing and supervising the boss character designs and has delivered the wildest villains the series has ever seen !
Bosses like Sheep Man and Strike Man are sure to quickly become fan favorites !
Other exciting features in Mega Man 10 include the option to play as the amazingly cool Proto Man from the start , as well as an all new “ Easy Mode ” which will allow new fans to indulge in the challenges that make the series great .
Additionally , “ Mega Man Challenges ” mode will allow players to practice their skills and prepare for the hair - raising adventures ahead of them .
Mega Man 10 is the must - have digital download for Capcom fans both young and old .
The retro elements alone make this a delicious treat for those who long for the days of nail - biting platform experiences and the new “ Easy Mode ” will definitely allow more gamers to enjoy this incredible skill - based romp .
More Evidence on Laissez - Fairism
Tweet
George Washington University ’s Susan Dudley , and the Weidenbaum Center ’s Melinda Warren , just released this important study : A Decade of Growth in the Regulators ’ Budget : An Analysis of the U.S. Budget for Fiscal Years 2010 and 2011 .
I highlight one fact here – a fact that is at odds with those persons who allege that the period roughly from 1980 to 2009 was one of laissez - fairism in America : the total amount of real ( i.e. , inflation - adjusted ) dollars spent by Uncle Sam ’s administrative agencies on regulating the economy rose by 36 percent between 1980 and 1990 .
This spending then rose by another 40 percent between 1990 and 2000 .
Between 2000 and 2009 it rose by 43 percent .
So , by 2009 , Uncle Sam ’s real expenditures on regulating the economy were 174 percent higher than they were in 1980 .
( By the way , between 1970 and 1980 , the increase in these real expenditures was 29 percent – a smaller percentage - rate increase than during any decade since .
Between 1960 and 1970 , in contrast , this spending more than doubled , increasing by 108 percent . )
One can argue that Uncle Sam ’s real expenditures on regulating the economy between the year Ronald Reagan was first elected to the White House ( 1980 ) and the year George W. Bush left the White House ( 2009 ) did not rise by enough .
But one cannot legitimately argue that the past 30 years were marked by a general retreat of government from the economy and a blooming of laissez - fairism in actual policy .
Comments
Hurry up and make Karnov dancing to defeat evil !
It up to you !
You can do it and save BIG CITY , USA !
Dance Dance Karnov v1.0
The Storyline :
But the evil did not stop and continue to terrorize the BIG CITY , USA !
First a Green Fish Guy With a Bag and Hand Down Pants explodes on city , then ... well , the secret Boss !
Hurry up and make Karnov dancing to defeat evil !
It up to you !
You can do it and save BIG CITY , USA !
" You 'd receive a generous come - uppance ! " shouted Karnov while flexing muscletone .
" My powers increase from the dance , and soon I will dance your head until the ground !!!
For your attempts to destroy my preferred maltshop ! "
Instructions :
There are two levels in this game .
In each level , you must DANCE YOUR FAT WHITE ASS AROUND FOR FREEDOM !
The computer will play a series of beats , with various arrows keys lighting up each beat .
Once it plays the set of beats , you must emulate the series that you just saw ( like the classic frustrating game " Simon Says " ) .
If you hit 80 % of the beats correctly , then your power will raise by one bar .
Each time your power raises up two bars , you get a piece of the " Item " used to defeat the bad guy of that level .
You need three pieces to beat him .
In other words , your power bar must be up at least six notches by the end of the level , or else you will lose .
BOO HOO !
You can get bonuses by playing the beats back perfectly , and you can also get bonuses by pressing the corresponding arrow key repeatedly ( for example , if the current beat requires you to press the DOWN key , you 'll get bonuses for each time you press it .
Be careful not to hold down the arrow key , as that 's CHEATING , YOU BASTARD ) .
If you press the wrong arrow keys too many times during a series , your character will become " frozen " and unable to perform due to his intense embarrassment .
Please do n't embarrass Karnov .
Problems / errors :
Q : Help !
I press the arrow keys on my keyboard , but Karnov does n't dance !
A : Make sure the Flash window is currently active ( click on the screen just to make sure ) .
If that does n't work , make sure your keyboard numberlock is OFF .
Q : The beats and the music do n't sync correctly !
A : Flash is a CPU hog .
On some low - end machines , it will not sync right .
To counteract this , right click on the Flash screen and change the level of detail to either " medium " or " low " .
Q : I can't get into the dumptruck in level 4 .
A : You 're playing the wrong game .
There are only two levels in Dance Dance Karnov , and there are no dumptrucks .
Q : I think my wife is cheating on me .
A : More than likely .
Q : Where the hell did all these fucked up enemies come from ?
I mean , what the hell is that Dancing Green Fish Guy With a Bag and a Hand Down His Pants ?
A : All enemies were taken directly from the classic Nintendo game , Karnov .
In addition , the music is based off it as well .
For screenshots from Karnov , check out Jeff K.'s " Quake 3 Arena vs. Karnov " game review , which provides screenshots that I based my animations of off .
Q : I want to play Karnov !
A : Sorry , you 'll have to rephrase that in the form of a question .
Q : Where can I download Karnov ?
You shithead .
A : Download the ROM here , and the emulator here ( Nintendo emulator ) .
Q : Why the hell is this game taking so long to load ?
I 'm wasting valuable time sitting around , when I could be looking at Goatse.cx .
A : I apologize , but my server seems to made up primarily of taffy .
One day when I get enough cash to buy a new server , this question will be rendered null and void .
Until then , feel free to get some work done while it loads .
Email me regarding any other feedback or bugs , please
Intel 's been promising to blow up the graphics market with its Larrabee GPU for over three years now with virtually nothing to show for it , and it looks like the company has finally decided to can the entire project after downsizing it to a " software platform " last year .
A new Intel blog post on the matter says the company wo n't bring a discrete graphics chip to market , and will instead focus on integrated graphics for everyday computing and highly - parallel multicore processors for high - performance computing .
Now , Intel 's obviously still in the graphics game , and it 's already made a strong move towards integrated graphics by building GPUs right into the Atom N470 and much of the Core 2010 line , but on a much broader level the decision to drop Larrabee means that Intel is now essentially pursuing the same strategies as its competitors : AMD is famously behind schedule with its Fusion project but plans to ship ATI - powered hybrid CPU / GPUs next year , and NVIDIA has been pushing its multicore GPU - based Tesla high - performance computing platform for a while now .
We 're also curious about how Intel intends to address the gaming market in the future -- its own integrated graphics obviously are n't up to the task , and it 's still fighting with NVIDIA over a Core 2010 chipset license , so that 's a big question mark going forward as more and more focus is placed on low - power and integrated solutions .
We 'll see what happens -- it 's not too often the death of a vaporware product has the potential to shake up the entire industry .
If you 're planning a visit to Israel , do n't bring along your new iPad - the Israeli government will confiscate it at entry .
So says a report in Wednesday 's Haaretz , a leading Israeli news service based in Tel Aviv .
According to the report , the problem is the iPad 's Wi-Fi implementation - and , no , it 's not because the iPad 's Wi-Fi has been giving early - adopters so much trouble .
What concerns engineers working in the Israeli Ministry of Communications , according to Haaretz , is that the iPad 's " wireless technology is not compatible with Israeli standards . "
The Israeli wireless standards match those of European standards .
American standards , with which the iPad does comply , allow for lower wireless power levels than do the European standards .
Because of this , Haaretz quotes unnamed ministry officials as saying , " the broadcast levels of the [ iPad ] prevent approving its use in Israel . "
An Israeli who tried to bring his iPad back from the US on Tuesday told the Haaretz 's business division , TheMarker , that when he tried to declare it at Israeli customs it was confiscated , and he was directed to contact the Ministry of Communications if he wanted it back .
The Ministry told him , according to Haaretz : " It is forbidden to bring iPads into Israel ; send it back overseas . "
Haaretz also reported that the customs chief at Tel Aviv's Ben-Gurion International Airport said that his staff bagged 10 iPads on Tuesday , taking them even from users who offered to pay the required VAT .
The iPad , however , is not being singled out for unusual treatment .
As one person familiar with the matter told The Reg : " This is n't the first time that this has happened in Israel - this has happened with other devices as well . "
Daniel Morgan , the director of public affairs at the Israeli Consulate in San Francisco , was more specific , telling The Reg : " All new electronic technology that enters Israel is subject to regulation approval , just as in European and many other countries .
The Communications Ministry has asked Apple to send the technological specs of the iPad in order to approve its usage in the Israeli market , and any iPads that were held before entering Israel will be returned to their owners . "
Apple and Israel had better come to an agreement in 90 days , seeing as how the iPad will go on sale internationally at the end of May . ®
It 'd have been hard to imagine and understand " Lost " 15 years ago .
Its apparently unlimited hyperlinked stories and easter eggs , connected to a gazillion fan files , is only possible because of technology .
Amelia Beamer describes the hypertext labyrinth behind it .
Advertisement
This article by independent scholar Amelia Beamer was originally published in issue # 101 of the British peer - reviewed journal Foundation : The International Review of Science Fiction .
I want to examine the popular ABC TV series Lost as an example of a recent cultural creation , that of the hypertext narrative .
For those not already familiar with it , the series involves a large cast of characters marooned on a tropical island after a plane crash .
It is a character - based narrative : episodes thread lengthy flashbacks of characters ' backstories with immediate plots of day - to - day survival and interpersonal relationships , and a larger " mythos " involving the strange and apparently supernatural ( or science - fictional ) happenings on the island .
I will argue that , though television as a medium is linear , Lost is essentially a hypertext narrative , interested in the side - to - side transactions and common histories of the characters , and that its hypertext content also plays with genre protocols , pop culture , audience interaction , and even the nature of storytelling .
Advertisement
A hypertext structure
We all know the basic definition of a hypertext narrative [ 1 ] .
In Lost , the connections between characters form the essential hypertext content , which is emphasized by the structure of flashbacks that give the viewer privileged information about characters .
I 'd like to posit that hypertext as seen in Lost is an example of a narrative technique which cross-references character , theme , genre , and elements of parody [ 2 ] .
Paramount are the connections unfolding between characters , ranging from mundane , apparently coincidental meetings in the airport , to more unlikely and in - depth meetings , reaching back through their entire lives and the lives of their families .
The flashbacks that comprise backstories are interwoven with the present - day plot , and the two story components are generally structured to illustrate a common theme , with a character realizing something about him - or herself , or making a decision in context with previous decisions .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
To illustrate the use of hypertext as a storytelling mode , I 'd like to examine some parallels with another hypertext work , Geoff Ryman 's online novel 253 .
Characters are randomly jumbled together , in Ryman 's train cars and on Lost 's Oceanic Flight 815 .
They generally do n't know each other , or do n't realize they know each other .
They suffer a tragedy together .
Both narratives are replete with self - parody and self - reference , including the adverts in 253 and various elements in Lost ( characters ' jokes and pop culture references ; repeated viewings of Dharma Initiative films , which comment on how some Lost viewers will scour episodes for subtle appearances of characters in other characters ' flashbacks ; and scenes such as the one from the first season in which a child reads a comic book with a polar bear on the cover - and then the polar bear inexplicably appears onscreen , a jarring anomaly on a tropical island ; the polar bear then becomes a recurring threat [ 3 ] ) .
Furthermore , users , or viewers , may add content to both : whether submitting episodes to the projected sequel for Ryman 's novel , or by participating in the Lost internet and fan community .
Advertisement
The information delivery is similarly organized between the two .
In Ryman 's novel , characters ' html pages are structured to include Outward Appearance , Inside Information , and What He or She is Doing or Thinking .
In Lost , characters also have access to some information about each other from living on the same island , and from several preexisting relationships , but the information in their backstories ( their Inside Information , and What He or She is Thinking , in Ryman 's terms ) , is often not shared .
Everyone has secrets , some of which are revealed to other characters ( for example , which of the castaways is the wanted fugitive , and which was recently addicted to heroin ) , others are revealed only to the viewer .
In hypertext narratives , the audience accesses public and private information , forming a greater understanding of the situation than any character can have [ 4 ] .
In structural terms , the series also pays tribute to video games , another relatively recent interactive means of storytelling [ 5 ] .
The introduction of new plot points is heavily foreshadowed , and when the characters finally do break through the hatch , or meet the so - called " Others " , there is a sense of " leveling up , " passing through a transition point at which a game becomes more complex ( and more potentially rewarding ) .
These transition points are also times when the story can become overtly fantastic ; going through the hatch is the equivalent of stepping through the wardrobe , when the fantastic elements level up and new plot elements and characters are introduced .
Then there are the " Easter eggs " , the bonus content that rewards viewers who find the barely - noticeable connections between characters , as when Kate 's mother is waiting table in a Sawyer flashback .
Easter eggs provide clues for theorizing about the narrative arc and genre elements , reinforce character , and increase the " woo - woo " feeling of predestination .
Advertisement
So hypertext describes the overall narrative structure , but it also includes other elements .
Lost is replete with allusions to other genres : in terms of visuals , the island setting comments on Survivor ( this resemblance is further enforced by the alliances characters make and break ) , and Gilligan 's Island ( the comparison here is supported by shared plot and character elements ) .
The underground settings look in turn like The X - Files and the domestic settings of sitcoms , while the idyllic community of the Others introduced in season three ( in scenes including a suburban book club meeting ) has both utopian and dystopian overtones .
The various flashbacks are set in hospitals , bars , airports , and other locations that could easily be furniture for other TV shows ; these various settings quote other media while also easily differentiating backstory from the shared , present narrative .
Along with visuals , story content and dialogue reference pop culture , as done in Mad comics or shows like The Simpsons .
The plots and titles of episodes often pay respects to works including Twilight Zone episodes and Stephen King 's The Dark Tower series [ 6 ] .
Similarly , characters are seen reading books and stories , including Ambrose Bierce 's " Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge " , a story of escape from hanging that is revealed at the end to be a dream .
Casting [ 7 ] , music , [ 8 ] and other presentation elements also seem to be consciously making references to other works .
The creators are consciously playing with pop culture ( and to an extent , literature ) in these decisions , all of which I think contribute to the hypertext quality .
Advertisement
Chart by Christina G. from Uncharted Island .
Outside of the actual show , another portion of the hypertext content is the community being created , similarly seen in video games that form a diverse online culture representing both the manufacturer and users .
For those who want them , there are both network - sponsored and fan - created websites ; plus fan conventions ; podcasts , including one starring the producers of Lost ; two - minute " video diaries " broadcast on users ' cell phones ; and the standard smattering of commercial products : spin-off novels [ 9 ] ; magazines ; trading cards ; DVDs ; apparel ; quasi- academic essay collections ; and so on ( Fernandez ) .
There 's even a society for academic study [ 10 ] .
Lost is evidence of a new kind of cultural creation made possible by technology , where viewers can access and contribute to a huge internet - based fan culture , and are no longer dependent on network broadcast schedules .
The new level of convenience provided by DVDs and pay - per iTunes downloads [ 11 ] make possible - or at least provide support for - a level of complexity in previously established plot and character developments that would otherwise discourage casual viewers and limit the audience .
In a post - TiVo world , this blending of content with marketing encourages audience participation at a variety of levels , from simply catching up on missed episodes to producing regular punditry .
Advertisement
Lost is of course not the only show that could be read as hypertextual in this multimedia sense ; numerous genre shows like Buffy include pop culture references and self - parody , and have developed online fan communities .
Other shows have official extracurricular content as well ; producers for Six Feet Under regularly wrote eulogies and detailed character backstories on the show 's website , and writers for Nip / Tuck and How I Met Your Mother maintain character blogs ( Fernandez ) .
Nor is user - contributed content new to TV , with genre fan writing going back at least as far as the original Star Trek , and " fan fiction " in various guises long a part of the science fiction community .
However , there are several distinctive reasons for choosing Lost as an example of a hypertext narrative , in terms of story content as well as the resulting community .
Lost is in part a mystery , and its numerous self - references and references to television , literature , gaming , and other cultural creations are clues as well as jokes , essential for developing plot , character , and theme .
Much of this development happens through episodic flashbacks , which highlight the nonlinear transactions between characters as well as the privileged audience point of view .
Furthermore , Lost 's online community has a greater level of interaction between the show 's creators and fans than I 've observed with other shows , made possible in part by newer internet technology like blogs and podcasts ( some from the show 's creators ) unavailable to older shows .
Interactions between the text and viewers also occur in the show itself , such as the characters ' repeated viewings of Dharma Initiative films , commenting on the way some Lost viewers look for clues - which the producers cheerfully provide by means of internet articles and fake " commercials " for the Dharma Foundation .
This blurring of content producer and content user , made possible by easy internet distribution , helps differentiate Lost 's online community from other fan communities .
The show 's creators have succeeded in making that Holy Grail , a commercially successful cult hit which seems intended to be read as hypertext ( or at least as a postmodern cultural mash - up ) from the complicated and multilayered episodic story content , with its reliance on references , as well as the interactions encouraged between the show and the fan community .
Advertisement
In terms of commercial success , it 's easy to argue that any successful show will have commercial tie - in products , and that selling related products is not new nor noticeably hypertextual .
But some of Lost 's tie-ins mimic user - based content : for example , speculative essay collection Getting Lost : Survival , Baggage , and Starting Over , edited by Orson Scott Card ( BenBella 2006 ) is essentially composed of fans theorizing about what is " true " in the show .
Other tie-ins add to the show 's metafictional content , like mystery novel Bad Twin , by Gary Troup ( Hyperion 2006 ) , " written " by a passenger who died shortly after the crash .
While it 's far more likely that Lost is sold on iTunes for financial reasons than artistic ones , its availability and commercial tie - in products widen the cultural footprint of the show and help add to its hypertext quality .
Genre Protocols – hypertext content
I also want to talk about genre protocols with regard to hypertext content , especially the way Lost seems to cross-reference different , and sometimes contradictory , genre protocols .
Lost is at least in part a science fictional narrative [ 12 ] , with such elements as the aforementioned polar bear on a tropical island , a hatch in the ground that leads to a mysterious underground complex [ 13 ] , and a smoke monster , possibly of nanotech origin : the story includes elements from science fiction , fantasy , horror , mystery , romance , suspense , and other genres .
The characters are a strange group :
Hurley , who seems to have been cursed after winning the lottery , his winning numbers found written on the outside of the hatch ; survivalist John Locke , who miraculously recovered the use of his legs when the plane crashed , and who shares the name of the philosopher known for the " Tabula Rasa " ; Sayid , the former Iraqi intelligence officer whose knowledge of torture has been used more than once ; and Kate , who regularly hallucinates a chestnut horse ( also seen by another character ) .
The characters represent a variety of ethnic , socioeconomic , and professional backgrounds , allowing for a rich mix of personalities and skills .
In addition to the survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 , the island is inhabited by the " Others " ( now there 's a classic science fiction theme ) , who appear both as brutish savages and in normal clothing .
The Others have inexplicable knowledge , including the full and correct names of all of the characters ( some of whom go only by nicknames ) , and seemingly nefarious purposes , occasionally kidnapping and drugging the survivors .
Then there 's the crazy French woman , Danielle Russeau , who was part of a scientific expedition , and who is also stranded on the island ( where a number of other vessels have shipwrecked ) ; her name references the philosopher Jean - Jaques Rousseau , who proposed that humans are born into a state of innocent wildness .
Advertisement
In addition to the island 's odd and unlikely inhabitants , the island itself seems to be obeying fantastic protocols .
Some of what characters see is passed off as hallucinations or dreams , or possibly ascribed to psychic power .
One unquestionably science fictional moment happens when two characters from two vantage points see the smoke monster and one of them stares it down [ 14 ] .
In addition to these characters and events , the fantastic content is also supported by crisis escape and survival plots , and the recurring themes of faith versus science and group versus outsiders .
Lost has fairy tale aspects as well .
In terms of fantastic protocols , there is the computer in the underground complex , where characters have to enter Hurley 's lottery - winning string of numbers in order to reset the clock every 108 minutes .
This action is an example of the Doctrine of Conditional Joy , " the common motif in fairy tales of offering a great boon to the protagonist on the condition of not violating a seemingly arbitrary taboo " ( as coined by G.K. Chesterton , cited by Wolfe , Critical Terms , 20 ) .
Arbitrary actions that are forbidden ( or required ) are often part of fairy tales , with the corresponding problem that the action ( or failure ) will bring about something terrible .
The characters in Lost are told that the action must be done , but not why .
For a time , they end up choosing the certainty of nothing happening over the possibility that something might .
When Locke ( a character who otherwise generally represents faith rather than science ) decides to stop inputting the string of numbers into the computer , a strong magnetic field quickly develops , threatening the building 's integrity and the characters ' lives .
Until that point , entering the numbers was one of society 's unexamined rules , as in Shirley Jackson 's " The Lottery " , or possibly Margo Lanagan 's " Singing My Sister Down " , that the community must enforce in order to sustain itself .
Now that the doctrine has been disobeyed and the fairy tale consequences made clear , the plot levels up , with new information and new problems .
Advertisement
Where 's it all going ?
While it 's likely that a television show enjoying commercial success will strive to keep its audience by wrapping up questions as slowly as possible , the very nature of plot demands some sort of resolution .
The question put forth by hypertext narratives , as the threads between characters come together to make a common history , is why these characters are connected , why these things are happening .
Another essentially hypertext creation , the 2004 movie Crash , is about connections between characters , meeting seemingly by chance [ 15 ] but finding connections as we learn more about them and as they meet again [ 16 ] .
The narrative structure is circular , starting and ending with the same scene .
Crash is a rather self - conscious Hollywood movie , set in Los Angeles and focusing on racial , ethnic , and economic stereotypes [ 17 ] .
The explanation provided for these not - entirely - random connections is that people are so isolated , so untouched , that we " crash into each other just to feel something " .
Rather than explaining anything about the connections between the characters , this comment reinforces that the why of these connections is not going to be explained [ 18 ] .
And perhaps it does n't need to be explained .
Advertisement
I 'm going to go backwards from examining hypertext as a narrative structure to talk briefly about story structure in general , and the nature of storytelling .
Connections and imagined connections are common in literature , for one example , John Kessel 's story " Buffalo " , which discusses the meeting between Kessel 's father and H.G.
Wells that never happened :
" … the music speaks a truth about art that Wells does not understand ,
but that I hope to : that art does n't have to deliver a message in order
to say something important .
That art is n't always a means to an end but
sometimes an end in itself .
That art may not be able to change the
world , but it can still change the moment … " ( reprinted in The Locus Awards , p390 ) .
Advertisement
I 'm going to treat " art " and " story " as the same for the present argument .
Aside from the evidence that hypertext ( or at least a focus on connections , determinism , and free will ) is not a new structure , Kessel 's story comments on the nature of storytelling ; that a story is not always a means to an end or a platform for a message ; therefore a resolution is not always necessary .
Lost , because of its lack of overall resolution thus far , provides generally satisfying sub - plot lines with occasional resolutions , while building up more mystery .
It would be easy ( but perhaps not necessary ) [ 19 ] to reopen the Wells / James debate about whether the novel ( or the narrative ) is art or entertainment ; hypertext narratives seem to play with this division between the Jamesian internal world of characters ' backstories and the Wellsian external world of the larger plot .
This division between internal and external might make hypertext the logical extension of the episodic narrative [ 20 ] .
Hypertext is a storytelling mode with an emphasis on nonlinear [ 21 ] narrative [ 22 ] .
While there is an arc in Lost ; episodes build on each other ( and provide little catch - up for viewers who are not already familiar ) ; along with other hypertext narratives , there is a sense that the audience will never quite find or synthesize all of the information .
Some fans take this as encouragement to try to figure out where it 's going , but perhaps the open - ended lack of synthesis also reflects the basic nature of hypertext as episodic , not necessarily dependent on resolution in order to be complete .
To go back to Ryman 's 253 , one does n't have to read every page in order to understand the shared setting and characters or the thematic playing with storytelling and narrative arc ; there is no proper order in which to read the character pages , and the open format does n't invalidate either the story or its comments on storytelling .
Perhaps , then , the nature of hypertext disallows a satisfactory resolution , for both the plot and the fantastic elements [ 23 ] .
Jeff Jensen , in one of his regular columns on Lost for Entertainment Weekly , sums up the show ( and its audience ) as follows : " Lost is a mythology show about mythology shows ; it dramatizes the romance of mystery and the impulse to impose order on chaos and how the two compliment and nullify each other ; it shows how far we 'll go to find something to believe in - and how far we 'll go to not believe in anything " ( Jensen ) .
Perhaps the small worlds in Lost , the connections between characters , are , like the movie Crash , an anti-Hollywood statement : that there is no easily packaged story arc , and therefore the meaning is up to the viewers to decide .
Advertisement
But , still , it is TV .
Lost is at least linear in format , and complex enough to ask that viewers see every episode in order .
Halfway through the third season as of this writing , it 's too early to really see the larger narrative arc ( and this lack actually adds to the hypertext qualities , since we do n't know which story components might eventually pay off - even if the larger story arc is satisfactorily resolved , there will likely be unresolved elements , as well as fan - created content that will prolong story content , if not the story arc ) .
At any rate , we can guess , as many theorists continue to do in various websites and podcasts .
The fantastic elements are as yet inconsistent , but will probably be collapsed under one set of genre protocols , either as fantasy or as science fiction .
Despite my presumption that resolution is n't entirely necessary or even forthcoming in hypertext works , all of the hypertextual connections between characters show that this story starts way before everyone got on the plane ; this level of connection imparts a sense of causality and motive , a sense that this exact present was inexorably fated ( or designed ) , and that there will therefore be some kind of resolution .
On the basis of current evidence from the program and extratextual " features " , it seems increasingly likely that the fantastic elements will eventually be resolved in science fictional terms .
Whether derivative and dumb - " wake up everyone , it 's all been VR ! " - or original and provocative , it 's difficult to predict in a narrative deliberately striving for a lack of closure via self - conscious Hollywood melodrama and hypertextual mythmaking .
[ 1 ] Hypertext is an interactive ( generally internet - based ) format , sort of the equivalent of a hyperlinked Choose Your Own Adventure book ( though these are more generally about making the " correct " decisions to produce a desired outcome ) . [ 2 ]
Hypertext as discussed in this paper could even be a way of critically approaching text .
Robert Philmus , in the preface to his recent essay collection Visions and Re-Visions , claims that the essay volume is a hypertext creation to the extent that " whatever revisionary insights it yields may well vary relative to the sequence in which its constituent chapters are read " ( Philmus xiv ) .
This approach to hypertext , like browsing the Wikipedia , emphasizes the nonlinear potential for connections within an essentially linear essay volume ( which can be read in order , or not ) .
Though television as a medium is necessarily linear ( as opposed to the nonlinear nature of internet - based hypertext ) , the emphasis in Lost is on unfolding the common histories of the characters while they move towards the presumably shared resolution of their predicament . [ 3 ]
There is a theory that the polar bear is conjured by the child Walt 's nascent psychic powers ; this explanation would decentralize the self - reference by turning the event into a sort of cause and effect , further developing the genre protocols .
Another instance of self - parody I liked was the introduction of the characters from the tail end of the aircraft , who landed separately from the rest of the group .
The story of the " tailies " is almost a Next Generation - style sequel , with parallel characters ( both groups have a doctor , a survivalist , etc. , and a married couple is reunited when the groups come together ) .
The tailies have the same information ; technology ; problems : they even have their own mysterious bunker .
While this technique of introducing new characters has the effect of stalling the plot , the parallels are another example of hypertext , and the story itself seems to parody the preexisting program by anticipating its sequel . [ 4 ]
The audience is therefore the ( semi - ) omniscient viewpoint . [ 5 ]
From Clive Thompson 's post , " Forget Film , Games Do Sci - Fi Best " on his blog , Collision Detection : " When J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof were writing Lost , they explicitly modeled it on a video - game world :
An overarching mythology and a cohesive world - picture , slowly revealed through creepy exploration by the main characters . "
From : http://www.collisiondetection.net/mt/archives/2006/02. [ 6 ]
Co-creator Damon Lindelof admits to being a Stephen King fan , and " appears to have placed many references to King 's work into Lost , referencing most notably The Dark Tower series " ( " Lost " Wikipedia ) .
Also see : http://www.lostcasts.com/2005/12/stephen_king_an.html. [ 7 ]
Casting could be considered as hypertext content , referencing actors ' previous roles : Dominic Monaghan played a hobbit in The Lord of The Rings , other actors appeared on The X - Files , CSI , and in Matrix movies ; Michelle Rodriguez 's role as the tough ex-cop might be a reference to her other roles including movies Resident Evil or Girl Fight ; then there 's William Mapother , who plays creepy Ethan , and who is Tom Cruise 's cousin .
We could say this much for any TV program or movie , but I think that at least some of the casting is purposeful . [ 8 ]
For example , Hurley and Sayid tune into Glenn Miller 's " Moonlight Serenade " on a short - wave radio ; Miller disappeared in 1944 while on a plane believed to have crashed in the English Channel . [ 9 ]
While the prose of the spin - off novel I looked at ( Lost : Secret Identity by Cathy Hapka ) is awful , it 's interesting to note that the story is not one of a main character , but a character who disappears after figuring in only a few episodes ( though of course , the photo on the cover page is of one of the main characters ) . [ 10 ]
The Society for the Study of Lost : http://www.loststudies.com/ includes a " peer - reviewed e- journal " ; photos , and other writing . [ 11 ]
ABC was the first network to partner with Apple to offer the show electronically .
So far , Lost is the most popular , with about 400,000 downloads ( Fernandez ) .
This figure does not include peer - to - peer file - sharing networks . [ 12 ]
The pilot episode was nominated for a Hugo award in 2005 's short form dramatic category ; the series has also won Golden Globe and Emmy awards . [ 13 ]
This is the Dharma Initiative , the somewhat scientific organization responsible for the underground bunker .
The definition for " Dharma " includes " [t ] he principle or law that orders the universe ; individual conduct in conformity with this principle ; the essential function or nature of a thing " ( Dictionary.com ) .
The Dharma Institute seems to be central to the genre elements on the island , the meaning of the word also suggests that it is the center . [ 14 ]
Possibly the only element so far that is witnessed by two people is the tree - destroying black smoke cloud , which Mr. Eko faces down while Charlie watches . [ 15 ]
I 'd also like to mention a book called When Our Plane Hit The Mountain , a historical account of a group of French Girl Guides ( essentially Girl Scouts ) who experience a plane crash on their way to Ireland in 1946 , just after the war .
A story of an accident is perhaps well - suited to the hypertext format ; this book is structured such that we see glimpses of individual French girls and women , Irish country folk , and others , who come together because of the plane trip and the crash .
There are also interwoven portions on history , aircraft technology , and Girl Guiding , to round out our perspective of this world .
I 'd argue that this narrative is essentially hypertextual in content though basically linear in format : the information is episodic , connections happen basically by chance or coincidence , while the story centers around a singular event , the plane crash . [ 16 ]
For examples of characters , there 's the cop who molests a woman and later pulls her out of a wrecked car , forced to ask for her trust in the process ; then there 's the former partner of this cop , who had witnessed and objected to his partner 's molestation of the woman , who ends up killing one of the other major characters over a misunderstanding . [ 17 ]
Crash 's self - conscious Hollywood content includes " good " and " bad " cops , a TV director , and a bit of movie magic wherein a little girl 's invisible cloak protects her and her father from a gun in an entirely explained turn of events . [ 18 ]
This is a technique that has been used in movies before , as in 1998 's Playing By Heart , where several independent narratives converge at a family reunion , and in literature including Thornton Wilder 's Bridge of San Luis Rey . [ 19 ]
Kessel 's point in this story seems to be taking the Wells position in the Wells / James debates , that the novel was whatever the author chose to make it ;
Wells also made no claim that his novels were art , and that novels served other purposes as well .
This position in turn might lead backwards again to the art - for - art 's sake debate ; I 'll quote from Oscar Wilde 's expression in his preface to The Picture of Dorian Gray . "
The artist is the creator of beautiful things .
To reveal art and conceal the artist is art 's aim .
The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things .
The highest as the lowest form of criticism is a mode of autobiography .
Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming .
This is a fault .
Those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated .
For these there is hope .
They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only beauty .
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book .
Books are well written , or badly written .
That is all .
The nineteenth century dislike of realism is the rage of Caliban seeing his own face in a glass .
The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass .
The moral life of man forms part of the subject - matter of the artist , but the morality of art consists in the perfect use of an imperfect medium .
No artist desires to prove anything .
Even things that are true can be proved .
No artist has ethical sympathies .
An ethical sympathy in an artist is an unpardonable mannerism of style .
No artist is ever morbid .
The artist can express everything .
Thought and language are to the artist instruments of an art .
Vice and virtue are to the artist materials for an art .
From the point of view of form , the type of all the arts is the art of the musician .
From the point of view of feeling , the actor 's craft is the type .
All art is at once surface and symbol .
Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril .
Those who read the symbol do so at their peril .
It is the spectator , and not life , that art really mirrors .
Diversity of opinion about a work of art shows that the work is new , complex , and vital .
When critics disagree , the artist is in accord with himself .
We can forgive a man for making a useful thing as long as he does not admire it .
The only excuse for making a useless thing is that one admires it intensely .
All art is quite useless . " [ 20 ]
I 'm defining ‘ episodic ' using the Genre Evolution Project definitions , basically meaning that a story is composed of discrete scenes ; story pieces are not necessarily in chronological order , and pieces could potentially be added or taken away without necessarily changing the essence of the story .
Full project definitions are available online at www.umich.edu/genreevo. [ 21 ]
One of the purposes of Capital F Fiction seems to be a means in which to understand the linear nature of time , of cause and effect : alternate histories like Kessel 's " Buffalo " are one outcropping of this inquiry .
In the linear narrative of most novels and stories , we go from beginning to end , comforted by the knowledge that all of the information is there , and if it is n't in chronological order , there is at least an ordered overall structure .
The Genre Evolution Project has found that a substantial majority of stories in the database are structured either in linear integrated or linear episodic formats . [ 22 ]
To look at narrative style , or the order in which we get information , we can also consider the overall effect of Ted Chiang 's " Story of Your Life " , in which the narrator is describing her daughter 's life in its entirety before her daughter is conceived ; she comes to this understanding through the process of learning a non -linear alien language . [ 23 ]
The resolution of Ryman 's 253 is simply the train crashing .
Works Cited Abrams , J.J. and Damon Lindelhof ( Producers & Directors ) .
Lost . 2004 -2006 .
Burbank , CA : American Broadcasting Company .
Brown , Charles N. and Jonathan Strahan .
The Locus Awards : Thirty Years of the Best in Science Fiction and Fantasy .
( 2004 ) .
Harpercollins : New York .
Chiang , Ted. " Story of Your Life " .
Stories of Your Life and Others . ( 2002 ) .
Tor : New York .
Crash , directed by Paul Haggis .
Internet Movie Database site .
Accessed 28 November , 2005 .
Eastgate Systems , Inc. Accessed 27 November 2005 .
Ezis , Aaron Rene .
Twenty Great American Short Stories : " The Lottery " , by Shirley Jackson .
Accessed 23 September 2007 .
Fernandez , Maria Elena .
" iPods , blogs and podcasts provide quick fixes for fans . "
Tribune Newspapers : Los Angeles Times .
January 5 , 2006 .
Genre Evolution Project Definitions .
Accessed 26 July , 2006 .
Hapka , Cathy .
Lost : Secret Identity .
Hyperion : New York , 2006 .
" Hypertext Fiction " .
Wikipedia .
Accessed 27 November 2005 .
Jensen , Jeff. " ' Lost ' in E - Mails " Entertainment Weekly .
Accessed 5 March 2006 .
Korbelik , Jeff .
" Popular ‘ Lost ' is a Cultural Phenomenon . "
Journal Star , Lincoln Nebraska .
Accessed 5 March , 2006 .
Lanagan , Margo .
" Singing My Sister Down . "
Black Juice .
Allen & Unwin : Sydney , 2004 .
Lost .
Official website .
Accessed 29 November , 2005 .
Lost .
Internet Movie Database listing .
Accessed 29 November , 2005 " Lost TV Series . "
Wikipedia .
Accessed 5 March , 2006 Philmus , Robert .
Visions and Re-Visions : [ Re ] Constructing Science Fiction .
Liverpool University Press , 2005 .
Reimer , Andrew , Tom Nunan , Jan Korbelin et. al. ( Producers ) , Haggis , Paul ( Director ) .
2004 .
Crash .
USA : Lion 's Gate Films .
Rettburg , Scott .
" Some Thoughts on Writing Hypertext Fiction . "
Accessed 27 November , 2005 .
Robbins , Christopher , personal blog .
Accessed 27 November 2005 .
Ryman , Geoff. 253 . Accessed 26 November , 2005 .
" Damon Lindelof . " Wikipedia .
Accessed 4 March , 2006 .
Wolfe , Gary .
Critical Terms for Science Fiction and Fantasy .
Greenwood Press : Westport Connecticut , 1986 .
Advertisement
Amelia Beamer 's first novel The Loving Dead , with zombies and a Zeppelin , is being serialized in full at ameliabeamer.com , and will be published in July 2010 by Night Shade Books .
She works as an editor and reviewer at Locus , the news and reviews magazine of the science fiction field .
Find her on Twitter as @amelia_beamer .
Let me begin by making two things clear .
First , this article is not seeking to defend the positions of any person nor is it related to the issue of CVE and what it means to the Muslim American community .
I am in no way claiming that CVE is not controversial or harmful to the community nor am I suggesting that affiliations with governments are without concern .
Second , this paper is meant to critique the arguments made by the author that encourage holding Islamic scholars accountable .
I encourage the reader not to think of this article as an attempt to defend an individual (s ) but rather as an attempt to present an important issue through the framework of Islamic discourse – Quran , hadith supported by scholarly opinion .
In that spirit , I would love to see articles providing other scholarly views that are contrary to this articles .
The goal is to reach the position that is most pleasure to Allah and not the one that best fits our agenda , whims , or world views .
In this article I argue that Islamic scholars in America cannot effectively be held accountable , not because they are above accountability but because ( 1 ) accountability in Islam is based on law derived from Quran and hadith and this is the responsibility of Islamic experts not those ignorant of the Islamic sciences .
And to be frank , this type of discourse is absent in Muslim America .
( 2 ) Muslim Americans have no standard code of law , conduct , or ethics that can be used to judge behavior and decisions of Muslim Americans .
I do believe , however , that criticism should be allowed under certain conditions , as I will elaborate in the proceeding paragraphs .
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
To begin , the evidence used to support the concept of holding leaders accountable is the statement of Abu Bakr upon his appointment to office :
“ O people , I have been appointed over you , though I am not the best among you .
If I do well , then help me ; and if I act wrongly , then correct me . ”
This is a well - known statement of his , and without a doubt part of Islamic discourse applied by the pious companions .
However , one should take notice of the context in which Abu Bakr made his statement .
Specifically , who he was speaking to .
The companions were a generation that embodied and practiced a pristine understanding of Islam and therefore , if anyone were to hold him accountable they would do it in the proper manner .
It would be done with pure intentions that they seek to empower Abu Bakr with Quranic and Prophetic principles rather than attack him personally or with ill intentions .
Furthermore , their knowledge of the faith was sufficient to where they understood where and when the boundaries of Allah are transgressed , and therefore understood when he was accountable .
However , when these facets of accountability are lost then the validity of accountability is lost as well .
To give an example , during the life of Abu Bakr , prior to appointing Omar ( ra ) as his successor he took the opinion of several companions .
The prospect of Omar ’s appointment upset some of the companions because of Omar ’s stern character .
These companions approached Abu Bakr and asked him “ what will you tell Allah when he asks why you appointed the stern and severe ( ie Omar ) . ”
Abu Bakr replied “ I will tell Him that I appointed the best person on earth , ” after which Abu Bakr angrily commanded them to turn their backs and leave his presence .
Fast forwarding to the life of Uthman , large groups of Muslims accused Uthman of changing the Sunnah of the Prophet in several manners .
Part of this group felt the need to hold Uthman accountable and ended up sieging his home leading to his death .
Now , when one researches what this group was criticizing Uthman for , you find that Uthman ( ra ) did make mistakes in applying the sunnah that even companions such as Ibn Mas’ood expressed concern and disagreement with .
However , due to the lack of fiqh and knowledge , these Muslims felt that the actions of Uthman made him guilty of “ crimes ” against the sunnah and therefore he must be held accountable .
With this I make my first point .
A distinction between criticism and accountability must be made .
Ibn Mas’ood and others criticized Uthman but , since they were scholars , understood that although Uthman was mistaken his mistakes did not cross the boundaries of Allah , and therefore he was not guilty of anything and thus was not accountable .
Holding Muslim scholars accountable cannot be justified unless evidence from the Quran and hadith indicate transgression against Allah ’s law .
Thus , before the Muslim American community can call for the accountability of Dr. Jackson , Sheikh Hamza Yusuf , or others , an argument founded in Quran and Sunnah and supplicated by scholarly ( classical scholars ) research and books must be made .
It is simply against Islamic discourse to claim that a scholar is guilty of unethical decisions or affiliations simply because CVE is a plot against Muslims ( as I will detail shortly ) .
Rather , an argument must be made that shows how involvement with CVE is against Quran and sunnah .
Again , I emphasize the difference between criticizing their decision because of the potential harms versus accusing them of transgressing Islamic principles .
To further elaborate this distinction I offer the following examples .
First ,
Allah says in context of the battle of Badr and the decision to ransom the prisoners of war ,
“ It is not fit for a prophet that he should take captives until he has thoroughly subdued the land .
You ˹believers ˺ settled with the fleeting gains of this world , while Allah ’s aim ˹for you˺ is the Hereafter .
Allah is Almighty , All - Wise .
Had it not been for a prior decree from Allah , you would have certainly been disciplined with a tremendous punishment for whatever ˹ransom˺ you have taken .
Now enjoy what you have taken , for it is lawful and good .
And be mindful of Allah .
Surely Allah is All - Forgiving , Most Merciful . ” ( 8:67 - 69 )
In these verses Allah criticizes the decision taken by the Muslims but then states that ransom money was made permissible by Allah , and therefore they are not guilty of a punishable offense .
In other words , Allah criticized their decision because it was a less than ideal choice but did not hold them accountable for their actions since it was permissible .
Another example is the well - known incident of Osama bin Zaid and his killing of the individual who proclaimed shahadah during battle .
Despite this , Osama proceeded to slay him .
Upon hearing of this the Prophet ( s ) criticized Osama and said , “ did you see what is in his heart ? ”
Although Osama ’s actions resulted in the death of a person the Prophet ( s ) , did not hold Osama accountable for his actions and no punishment was implemented .
Similarly , Khalid bin Waleed killed a group of people who accepted Islam accidentally and similarly , the Prophet ( s ) criticized Khalid but did not hold him accountable .
Why was there no accountability ?
Because the decisions of Osama and Khalid were based on reasonable – although incorrect – perspectives which falls under the mistake category of Islamic law “ And there is no blame upon you for that in which you have erred but [ only for ] what your hearts intended .
And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful ” ( 33:5 )
The previous examples , among others , are referred to in Islamic discourse as ta ’weel ( interpretation ) .
There are many examples in the lives of the companions where decisions were made that lead to misapplications of Islam but were considered mistakes worthy of criticism but not crimes worthy of punishment or accountability .
Ta ’weel , as Ibn Taymiyya states , is an aspect of Islam that requires deep understanding of the Islamic sciences .
It is the grey area that becomes very difficult to navigate except by scholars as the Prophet ( s ) states in the hadith , “ The halal is clear and the haram is clear and between them is a grey area which most people do n’t know ( ie the rulings for ) . ”
Scholars have commented stating that the hadith does not negate knowledge of the grey entirely and that the scholars are the ones who know how to navigate that area .
The problem arises when those ignorant of Islamic law attempt to navigate the grey area or criticize scholars attempting to navigate it .
Going back to Ibn Taymiyya - skip this part if you believe Ibn Taymiyya was a dancing bear - I would like to discuss his own views on associating oneself with oppressive rulers .
In his book “ Islamic Political Science ” ( As Siyaasa ash Shar’iah ) he details the nuances of fiqh in regards to working with or for oppressive rulers .
It would be beneficial to quote the entire section , but for space sake I will be concise .
Ibn Taymiyya argues that the issue of oppressive rulers should not be approached with a black and white mentality .
Rather , one must inquire of the relationship between the person and the ruler .
One can legitimately adhere to the verse “ And cooperate in righteousness and piety ” ( 5:2 ) while working for an unjust ruler such as : “ performing jihad , applying penal laws , protecting the rights of others , and giving those who deserve .
This is in accordance to what Allah and His messenger have commanded and whoever refrains from those things out of fear of assisting the unjust then they have left an obligation under a false form of asceticism ( wara ’ ) . ”
Likewise , accepting a position under an unjust regime may prevent or reduce the harm of that regime , or prevent someone mischievous from taking the position and inflicting even more harm , then such an association is Islamically valid .
Furthermore , someone working in a particular department is not responsible or accountable for the crimes being committed in another department nor are they guilty of “ cooperat[ing ] in sin and aggression ” ( 5:2 ) .
He ascribes these fiqh rulings to the majority of scholars including Abu Hanifa , Malik and Ahmed .
The argument against those who are affiliated with the UAE is simply not grounded in fiqh or supported by clear evidences from the Quran and hadith .
How does being part of a peace forum make the participants guilty of the crimes in Yemen ?
The claim that such participation enhances the influence of these regimes is not necessarily consistent with Quran and hadith .
Dr. Jackson , I argue , is in line with Islamic discourse when he says that being part of such initiatives does not mean he agrees with all they do .
The same goes for CVE .
As Ibn Taymiyya suggests above , participating in such programs is Islamically justifiable if the goal is to reduce the harm and this is what Dr. Jackson claims .
Ibn Taymiyya gives the example of someone working as a tax collector for a ruler who unjustly takes taxes from his citizens .
If the individual can reduce the amount being taken then his position is Islamically valid .
One might state that such a claim – reducing the harm – is naïve and an excuse to justify their affiliations .
No doubt this is a possibility , however , I once again quote Ibn Taymiyya ,
“ The obligation is to bring about the benefit to the best of their ability and or prevent the harm or at least reduce it .
If there are two possible benefits then the individual should pursue the greater of the two even if it leads to losing the lesser .
If there are two possible harms to prevent then they should prevent the greater of the two even if it results in the occurrence of the lesser . ”
There are ways of determining whether a persons is clearly excusing himself .
At the same time , the debate as to whether the benefits outweigh the harm is almost always within the grey area mentioned above .
Thus , it is irresponsible to attack Islamic scholars and call for their accountability for positions that are not clearly against Quran and hadith .
Another rebuttal might claim that the rulers during the time of Ibn Taymiyya were better than present day rulers and that his fiqh was addressing his realities which are inconsistent with ours .
My response is that although that is true , Ibn Taymiyya ’s teachings are not built on contextual realities that are only effective in those realities .
Rather , his teachings are built on principles that are formulated in a way that renders it capable of measuring a particular context .
In other words , it acts in a way that considers the realities and context as part of the equation and decision process .
A third rebuttal might claim that Ibn Taymiyya , like many others , warned of the harms of befriending rulers .
Again , this is accurate , however , an important distinction must be made and that is between spiritual advice and fiqh rulings .
An issue can be spiritually problematic but permissible fiqh - wise and this differentiation is seen in the lives of the companions and spiritualists in general .
For example , the companions rejected many worldly pleasures out of zuhd and wara ’ ( two forms of asceticism ) and not because they are forbidden .
To be more specific , a person may restrict themselves from drinking green tea not because it is forbidden by Quran or hadith but because of they view it as a desire that distracts them from the next life .
Similarly , the discouragement scholars expressed towards relationships with rulers was because of the spiritual harms and not because of an unequivocal prohibition against it .
This is an important facet of Islamic discourse that should be recognized by the Muslim community .
That is , a person can critique an issue from various angles ( for example the psychological harms of political rhetoric and how it effects a person ’s spirituality ) while remaining neutral to Islamic law .
What I am trying to say is that legitimate criticisms can be made about a particular issues without having to bring a person ’s Islamic credibility into the discussion .
To conclude , I ’d like to once again emphasize a distinction between criticism and accountability .
Criticism is justified when the criticizer is qualified in the topic and when the one being criticized has made a mistake .
Accountability is legitimate when a person has transgressed red lines established by Islam itself .
But , in order for such accountability to be valid one must invoke the Quran and hadith and here lies the problem .
In the several articles posted against UAE and CVE , Quran and hadith are excluded and such has become Muslim American discourse – we are Muslims who invoke Allah and His messenger yet exclude their words from the conversation .
I remind the Muslim American community and myself of the following verse “ And if you disagree over anything , refer it to Allah and the Messenger , if you should believe in Allah and the Last Day .
That is the best [ way ] and best in result ” ( 4:59 ) .
I would like to pose the following questions to the Muslim American community :
Under what code of law and ethics should scholars be held accountable ?
In other words , what standards do we use to deem a scholar accountable or guilty ?
Who determines these laws and principles ?
Is it other scholars who are well versed in fiqh ?
Is it American standards or perhaps Muslim American activists and whatever is in line with their agenda ?
Who or what institution has the authority to hold scholars accountable ?
To what extent do we consider Quran , hadith , fiqh and scholarly opinions in determining illegal actions , problematic decisions , and or immoral behavior ?
Are these laws and principles only applicable to scholars or are other Muslim leader figures held to the same standards ?
Are all scholars “ dancing bears ” who have no credibility ?
If not , who , in your opinion , is trustworthy and credible and why do you think so ?
Is it because they are following Quran and Sunnah , or because they fit activism ?
Do you believe that certain celebrated Muslim American activists / politicians present theological and moral problems to American Muslims that are corrupting their faith and behavior ?
Should they be held accountable for their statements and actions ?
What about the various Muslim organizations that invite them as keynote speakers and continue to show unwavering support ?
Do you believe it is fair to say that these celebrated activists are not responsible for clarifying to the community their controversial positions and statements because they are not scholars or seen as religious figures ?
Do you believe that activism is dominating Muslim American discourse and do you believe that there is a serious exclusion of Quran and hadith in that discourse ?
I hope the community will acknowledge the concerning reality of the exclusion of Quran and hadith from our affairs .
Until we live up to the standards of Quran and sunnah our criticism will only lead to further division and harm .
An artist�s concept of Curiosity being lowered by the mission 's rocket - powered descent stage during a critical moment of the �sky crane� landing in 2012 .
A NASA / JPL - Caltech photo
WASHINGTON ( BNS ) : Curiosity � NASA�s next mission to Mars � will be launched between November 25 and December 18 , 2011 , the space agency has announced .
The launch dates have been finalised after analysing geometrical and communications options to choose an Earth - to - Mars trajectory .
The scheduled landing of Curiosity on the Red planet will take place between August 6 and August 20 , 2012 .
Planners of NASA 's next Mars mission have selected a flight schedule that will use favourable positions for two currently orbiting NASA Mars orbiters to obtain maximum information during the descent and landing of the rover .
The other two NASA orbiters are the Mars Odyssey and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter which have been orbiting the planet since 2001 and 2006 respectively .
� The key factor was a choice between different strategies for sending communications during the critical moments before and during touchdown , � said Michael Watkins , mission manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
� The shorter trajectory is optimal for keeping both orbiters in view of Curiosity all the way to touchdown on the surface of Mars .
The longer trajectory allows direct communication to Earth all the way to touchdown . �
The rover , according to NASA , will use several innovations during its entry into the Martian atmosphere including a �sky - crane� maneouver during the final minute of its arrival .
In the maneouver , a rocket - powered descent stage will lower Curiosity on a tether for a wheels - down landing directly onto the surface .
The rover , however , will not communicate directly with Earth directly upon its touchdown on Mars ; it�s the Mars Odyssey that will perform the task .
Curiosity , also called the Mars Science Laboratory , will carry an analytical laboratory and other instruments to extensively probe the Martian surface , especially its landing area .
It will investigate whether conditions on the planet have favoured development of microbial life and its preservation in the rock record .
The rover is expected to explore Mars for a full Martian year which is equivalent to two Earth years , NASA said .
About The Author
I am a Technology lady who loves to keep an close eye on all trending games , I have a team of 3 who are responsible to hunt for new and awesome video games and try to find best tips and tricks to share them with our users .
Contact Me : [ email protected ]
Farm Fountain is a system for growing edible and ornamental fish and plants in a constructed , indoor ecosystem .
Based on the concept of aquaponics , this hanging garden fountain uses a simple pond pump , along with gravity to flow the nutrients from fish waste through the plant roots .
The plants and bacteria in the system serve to cleanse and purify the water for the fish .
This project is an experiment in local , sustainable agriculture and recycling .
It utilizes 2 - liter plastic soda bottles as planters and continuously recycles the water in the system to create a symbiotic relationship between edible plants , fish and humans .
The work creates an indoor healthy environment that also provides oxygen and light to the humans working and moving through the space .
The sound of water trickling through the plant containers creates a peaceful , relaxing waterfall .
The Koi and Tilapia fish that are part of this project also provide a focus for relaxed viewing .
The plants we are currently growing include lettuces , cilantro , mint , basil , tomatoes , chives , parsley , mizuna , watercress and tatsoi .
The Tilapia fish in this work are also edible and are a variety that have been farmed for thousands of years in the Nile delta .
Farm Fountain is a collaborative project by artists Ken Rinaldo and Amy Youngs .
We hope you will be inspired to create one yourself .
Please visit our illustrated " How - To " pages to see how we made our home version and join our free online forum to share your ideas .
Check out the live webcam !
( 6 am to midnight EST ) NEWS : Farm Fountain 4 , the large - scale version of this project is currently on display at the Te Papa Museum in New Zealand until January 2009 .
We were honored to receive a " Green Leaf Award " from the Natural World Museum
India – A land that is an enriching mix of traditions , spiritual beliefs , mysticism , festivals , architecture and landscapes .
An experience of the India tour will stay in your hearts and minds long after you 've left its shores .
Be it the snow - capped peaks of the Himalayas or the sun-splashed beaches of the tropical south , Flexitours / India Horizonswill give you a tailor - made India tour of just what you want .
Wildlife safaris , shimmering coastal retreats , adrenaline - rushing treks , and rich architecture and heritage are among the many more things to do in the India tour packages ....
The backwaters of Kerala , the pristine land of Ladakh , the warmth and magic of Goa , the enchanting North - east are just some of the many more destinations offered as part of our India tour packages .
Plan your vacation to enchanting India and create memories for a lifetime .
With variety of options , India never fails to allure tourists from all over the globe .
With India Holiday Packages , you will discover the fascinating and incredible parts of the country .
If you are a foodie , then the Indian cuisine has scrumptious dishes on the menu for you as part of the Indian tour .
Be it any part that you choose from among the various India tour packages that we offer , you will discover regionally distinct recipes , each characteristic of its own traditional preparation techniques .
By lanes of street food to luxurious fine dining , the aroma of the spices will leave you wanting for more … .
Come aboard the Indian experience the Flexitours / Tsiindiaway !
+ Read More
Ultimate War play information
An epic strategy game between the three races humans , dwarfs and orcs .
A carefull tailored turn based game with detailed real time battles with over 300 units fighting at the same time , madness ..
Ultimate War controls Recruit , select , move and order your troops by using the mouse and left mouse button .
The bottom buttons are used to construct towers , barracks and research buildings .
digg this game
AIM game to buddy
tell a friend
Rate The Game Let us know what you think about this game .
Click on one of the buttons below to submit your vote .
The campaign of Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer ( R ) has put out a video that features a frog puppet -- that looks much like the famous Sesame Street character -- to help sell the state 's controversial immigration law .
The frog encourages opponents to read the immigration law before criticizing it .
Some may scoff , but the law has boosted Brewer in the polls over her Democratic opponent , Terry Goddard .
Watch it here :
As of Friday afternoon , only 27 percent of Texas households had filled in and returned their census forms — well below the national average of 34 percent — according to computer data from the U.S. Census Bureau .
In Harris County , the response rate is 23 percent .
Houston 's returns are running at 21 percent .
Contrary to historical trends , some of the toughest challenges facing the agency responsible for measuring the nation 's population are not from counting the traditionally undercounted groups such as African - Americans and Latinos .
Instead , a new and growing threat to an accurate national head count is coming from anti-government conservatives who may not fill out their forms to protest against “ Big Brother ” in Washington .
“ There 's a general distrust of the federal government at every level , starting with Congress and the president , all the way down to executive branch agencies , ” says Rep. Mike Conaway , R - Midland .
Low return rates
Polling by the Pew Research Center finds Democrats are more likely than other Americans to view the census as “ very important ” to the country .
Seventy - six percent of Democrats call this year 's count very important , compared with 61 percent of Republicans and independents .
In Texas , some of the counties with the lowest census return rates are among the state 's most Republican , including Briscoe County in the Panhandle , 8 percent ; King County , near Lubbock , 5 percent ; Culberson County , near El Paso , 11 percent ; and Newton County , in deep East Texas , 18 percent .
Most other counties near the bottom of the list are heavily Hispanic counties along the Texas - Mexico border .
There is a reason for the enthusiasm gap on the census :
A number of prominent conservative and libertarian Republicans have been blasting the census for months .
Criticism from Ron Paul
Rep. Michele Bachmann , R - Minn. , began the barrage last year when she asserted — incorrectly — that the information reported by Americans could be used for nefarious governmental ends , such as imprisonment in internment camps .
Earlier this month , Texas Rep. Ron Paul voted against a congressional resolution asking Americans to participate in the census .
“ The invasive nature of the current census raises serious questions about how and why government will use the collected information , ” the Lake Jackson Republican recently said .
“ It also demonstrates how the federal bureaucracy consistently encourages citizens to think of themselves in terms of groups , rather than as individual Americans . ”
Houston - area GOP lawmakers say anti-census feelings run deep among their constituents .
“ People are concerned about the apparent intrusive nature of the census , ” said Rep . Ted Poe , R - Humble .
“ People are very concerned that the government is going too far . ”
Still ,
Poe said , he tells his concerned constituents that they should answer the census because “ it 's the law . ”
What 's more , he added , “ it 's very important for people to fill out the census because of reapportionment and redistricting — and Texas stands to gain four ( House ) seats . ”
But Texas can only get those seats , and the congressional clout that comes with it , if Texans stand up to be counted .
Any conservative revolt would only reduce the representation in conservative areas of the state , such as rural Texas and the outer rings of suburbs surrounding its largest cities .
Loss of seats and money
What 's more , an under - count in Texas could cost the state more than just representation .
For every Texan missed , the state will lose an estimated $ 12,000 over the next decade in federal funding for transportation , agriculture , health , education , and housing , said Frances Deviney , director of Texas Kids Count , a nonpartisan group in Austin .
Deviney says Texas could lose “ hundreds of millions of dollars in lost opportunities ” because of uncounted residents .
“ We 've got that hard - to - count element , along with these fringe ( anti- government ) groups that are advocating resistance , ” she said .
“ They think they are hurting the government .
They are really hurting themselves and their communities . ”
richard.dunham@chron.com
meredith.simons@chron.com
More than six years since leaving prison gates , Mordechai Vanunu , the nuclear informant , appeared in court in Jerusalem on Sunday to serve a three - month prison term imposed on him after he was found guilty of contacting foreign agents in 2007 .
At the entrance to the court , Vanunu gave a statement to the press with a message to the Mossad and the Shin Bet , " What you did n't receive in the 18 years that I sat in prison , you wo n't get now in three months .
You want to teach me a lesson ?
I cannot accept any violation of my freedom of expression . "
Vanunu read from a page he had pre-prepared with a list of people he claimed are not protecting his freedom of expression .
" Shame on you , Israel , and the stupid Shin Bet and Mossad spies who are returning me to jail after 24 years in which I have spoken only the truth .
Shame on you , democracy , the Knesset , synagogues , the world media .
Shame on you , all the Arabs who are allowing me to return to jail .
Shame on you , US Senate and Congress and International Atomic Energy Agency Chairman Mohammad El - Baradei for not safeguarding my freedom .
Shame on you , all religions , the stupid Jewish , Christian , and Muslim spies , " Vanunu said .
' They are torturing me psychologically '
After making his statement , Vanunu was taken by security guards to a detention hall prior to his imprisonment , but not before shouting " freedom " in English .
He added that he has not felt free since being released from jail .
" Even in east Jerusalem they follow me .
Everywhere .
You can't call this freedom .
They want to control Vanunu ; they want him to be in jail .
The Shin Bet rules in jail .
I beg of you , prison guard , to protect me , so that they do n't torture me psychologically like they did in the past .
They ( the Shin Bet ) are everywhere .
They recruit everyone , even the prisoners , " said Vanunu .
He added , " Freedom is a basic part of human rights .
I am not an animal .
You punished me in the past , but I cannot accept a violation of my freedom of expression . "
He concluded his statement with a message to the Israeli press : " The Israeli media is all stupid .
Half are spies and half are spies ' puppets . "
Vanunu spoke with journalists from abroad , and was found guilty of violating the limitations imposed on him when he was released in 2004 .
About six months ago , he was arrested again during a meeting with a Norwegian woman in Jerusalem 's Ambassador Hotel .
" The Shin Bet knew about the relationship , which has nothing to do with spying , but is a relationship between a man and a woman .
By chance , she is Norwegian , " said his lawyer then .
At first , Vanunu was sentenced to six months in prison for the violation .
Jerusalem District Court shortened the sentence to three months in prison , with the option that he perform community service instead of sitting behind bars .
The Supreme Court asked that the option be examined that he perform community service in east Jerusalem out of fear of physical harm should he perform his service in a location frequented by Jews .
Ultimately , Vanunu was offered to do community service in west Jerusalem .
However , Vanunu insisted not to perform community service in a Jewish neighborhood , and was sentenced to jail time by the court at the behest of the State Prosecution .
There is evidence bilingualism can sharpen the brain A project at Bangor University aims to explore the benefit of being bilingual .
Researchers will be recruiting 700 people aged between two and 80 to take part in the £ 750,000 programme .
Prof Virginia Gathercole said the obvious benefits included being able to converse and to participate in two cultures .
But she said there was also evidence of non-language benefits , such as the ability to protect the brain from ageing .
" The very act of being able to speak , listen , and think in two languages and of using two languages on a daily basis appears to sharpen people 's abilities to pay close attention to aspects of tasks relevant to good performance , " she added .
Running two parallel language systems throughout life has had positive benefits in a number of ways
Prof Virginia Gathercole , Bangor University Research carried out already had also shown having two languages helped protect against the decline in the brain 's abilities when ageing , " she added .
" We already know that language processing is one of the most complex activities that our brains carry out .
" Running two parallel language systems throughout life has had positive benefits in a number of ways , " she added .
One multilingualist , Phillip Hughes , 62 , travelled widely with his work as a teacher before his retirement .
He said he found having two languages handy , especially when he had to learn another one , German while living in Swizerland .
Case study - Phillip Hughes , 62
I think being able to speak two languages has been of benefit , especially when I had to learn German when I worked in Switzerland .
I learned it quickly and they said my pronunciation was good .
At home I spoke English as my mother spoke English , but outside I would speak Welsh ( and I also spoke Welsh in my sleep apparently ) .
I want my children to grow up speaking more than one language , and to understand that it is important to speak more than English - especially if you go off the beaten track .
He grew up in an English - speaking household , but spoke Welsh to his friends and in the wider community , and was adamant that his children should also have language skills .
Dr Enlli Thomas , who is collaborating on the project , said there was evidence from Canada that being bilingual " may provide some protection against age - related memory loss " .
The Bangor research team are looking for people who are bilingual in Welsh and English and monolinguals - or those who speak only one language - aged over 60 to take part in the research .
Participants take part in a set of simple language tests and then carry out on - screen puzzles and tasks , similar to " brain games " played on hand - held games consoles .
The researchers are looking for people who grew up in homes where only Welsh was spoken , where both Welsh and English were spoken , and where only English was spoken .
The research can be carried out either at the university or a researcher can visit the participant .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
testing captions
And the winner of the Conan O'Brien sweepstakes is ... TBS .
According to a press release sent out by the cable network ( which , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner ) , the comedian is joining TBS to host a late - night show that is expected to debut in November .
O'Brien 's show will be followed on TBS ' schedule by George Lopez 's " Lopez Tonight , " which will move to midnight .
" In three months I 've gone from network television to Twitter to performing live in theater , and now I 'm headed to basic cable , " O'Brien said in the statement .
" My plan is working perfectly . "
He also Tweeted Monday : " The good news : I will be doing a show on TBS starting in November !
The bad news : I 'll be playing Rudy on the all new Cosby Show . "
O'Brien is currently embarking on a nationwide comedy tour , but he made bigger headlines earlier this year when NBC decided to move Jay Leno back to " The Tonight Show 's " late - night slot .
O'Brien , who had been hosting " Tonight , " left the network .
Since his departure at the end of February , O'Brien has joined Twitter and decided to follow someone at random ; launched a 32 - city comedy tour ( which will include much of his " Tonight Show " crew ) ; and been the subject of countless rumors as to where he will land when a non-compete clause with NBC is over .
When people become infected by HIV , it 's usually only a matter of time , barring drug intervention , until they develop full - blown AIDS .
However , a small number of people exposed to the virus progress very slowly to AIDS -- and some never develop the disease at all .
In the late 1990s , researchers showed that a very high percentage of those naturally HIV - immune people , who represent about one in 200 infected individuals , carry a gene called HLA B57 .
Now a team of researchers from the Ragon Institute of Massachusetts General Hospital , MIT and Harvard has revealed a new effect that contributes to this gene 's ability to confer immunity .
The research team , led by MIT Professor Arup Chakraborty and Harvard Professor Bruce Walker at MGH , found that the HLA B57 gene causes the body to make more potent killer T cells -- white blood cells that help defend the body from infectious invaders .
Patients with the gene have a larger number of T cells that bind strongly to more pieces of HIV protein than people who do not have the gene .
This makes the T cells more likely to recognize cells that express HIV proteins , including mutated versions that arise during infection .
This effect contributes to superior control of HIV infection ( and any other virus that evolves rapidly ) , but it also makes those people more susceptible to autoimmune diseases , in which T cells attack the body 's own cells .
This new knowledge , published online in Nature on May 5 , could help researchers develop vaccines that provoke the same response to HIV that individuals with HLA B57 muster on their own , says Walker , who is director of the Ragon Institute and a professor at Harvard Medical School .
" HIV is slowly revealing itself , " says Walker .
" This is another point in our favor in the fight against the virus , but we have a long way to go . "
Most killer T cells are genetically unique and recognize different pieces of foreign proteins , known as epitopes , attached to the surface of cells that have been infected by viruses or bacteria .
After a killer T cell grabs hold of such a protein , it becomes activated and starts sweeping the body for more cells that express the same protein , so it can kill them .
It also clones itself to produce an army of T cells targeting the invader .
advertisement
The new Ragon Institute study shows that individuals with the HLA B57 gene produce larger numbers of killer T cells that are cross-reactive , meaning they can attack more than one epitope associated with HIV , including mutants that arise to escape activated killer T cells .
The finding offers hope that researchers could design a vaccine to help draw out cross-reactive T cells in people who do n't have the HLA B57 gene .
" It 's not that they do n't have cross- reactive T cells , " says Chakraborty .
" They do have them , but they 're much rarer , and we think they might be coaxed into action with the right vaccine . "
The work is a valuable contribution to scientists ' understanding of HIV , says David Baltimore , professor of biology and former president of Caltech .
" This is a remarkable paper because it starts from a clinical observation , integrates it with experimental observations , generates a valuable model and derives from the model a deep understanding of the behavior of the human immune system .
Rarely does one read a paper that stretches the mind so surprisingly far , " says Baltimore , a Nobel laureate in physiology or medicine who now studies HIV and human T cell interactions .
Chakraborty and colleagues had previously developed computational models of T - cell development in the thymus , an organ located behind the breastbone through which T cells must pass in order to become mature killers .
There they undergo a selection process designed to weed out cells that might attack the body 's own cells ( which display pieces of human proteins on their surface ) .
T cells must also demonstrate that they can bind weakly to some human protein fragments .
Only a tiny percentage of T cells pass these tests and are allowed to leave the thymus and circulate in the body to defend against viruses , other diseases , and cancerous cells .
advertisement
Inside the thymus , T cells are exposed to " self - peptides " -- small human protein fragments -- bound to HLA proteins .
Chakraborty and co-workers had previously shown that the diversity of self - peptide fragments presented in the thymus influences the kinds of T cells a person can produce .
The type and number of self - peptides expressed are determined by the HLA genes , which have hundreds of distinct forms , including HLA B57 .
Each person carries up to six of them ( three inherited from each parent ) .
Using data from previous studies , the Ragon team found that HLA B57 protein presents fewer types of self - peptides than most other HLA proteins .
( HLA B27 is another protein that presents few types of self - peptides and also appears to protect against HIV and promote autoimmune disorders . )
In this study , Chakraborty and postdoctoral fellow Elizabeth Read and graduate student Andrej Kosmrlj , lead authors of the paper , used their computer model to study what happens when maturing T cells are exposed to only a small diversity of self - peptides in the thymus .
T cells with receptors that bind strongly to any of the self - peptides in the thymus are forced to undergo cell suicide , because of their potential to attack the body 's own cells .
Chakraborty and co-workers showed that this means that , for most individuals , most of the body 's T cells have receptors that bind to targeted viral proteins via a number of weak interactions , with each interaction making a significant contribution to the binding .
Thus , a single mutation to an HIV peptide can potentially evade the immune response .
A different scenario unfolds in people who have the HLA B57 gene .
Using their computer model , Chakraborty and colleagues showed that , because those individuals '
T cells are exposed to fewer self - peptides in the thymus , T cells with receptors that mediate strong binding to viral proteins via just a few important contacts are more likely to escape the thymus .
This makes these T cells more cross-reactive to targeted HIV peptide mutants , because as long as those points in the viral proteins do n't mutate , the T cells are still effective .
The model also showed that once those T cells are released into the bloodstream , they can effectively attack HIV proteins , even when the virus mutates .
This model also explains why people with the HLA B57 gene have autoimmune problems :
Their T cells are more likely to bind strongly to human peptides not encountered in the thymus .
The computational studies explained many puzzles , but also made a prediction : Individuals with HLA genes that result in a display of fewer self - peptides should control HIV ( and other viruses like hepatitis C virus ) better .
To test this prediction , the researchers studied nearly 2,000 patients -- 1,100 " HIV controllers " and 800 who progressed normally to AIDS , and confirmed that this appears to be true .
Can leave a traumatic imprint ( Image : Joe Raedle / Getty )
Traumatic experiences can scar for life , both mentally and physically .
Now it seems they even leave chemical marks on DNA – in areas responsible for immune functions and memory .
The result could help explain why people with post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , including some soldiers and victims of rape or earthquake , often have poorer physical health years later , as well as memory problems .
It could also lead to a new method for diagnosing the disorder .
Sandro Galea and his team at Columbia University , New York , looked at blood samples from 23 people who had PTSD and 77 who did n’t .
Galea examined the samples to see if there were any notable differences in the levels of methyl groups that were attached to various genes .
Advertisement
Such “ epigenetic ” chemical changes do n’t change the genetic code , but can mean that a gene ’s function is increased or decreased , or switched on or off .
Weak immunity
The team identified a number of genes with altered methylation in people with PTSD – all of which were involved in immune function and brain cell development .
This might explain why PTSD sufferers have weaker immune systems and poorer memories , says Galea .
What ’s more , the number of affected genes was linked to the number of traumatic events a person with PTSD had experienced .
“ We think that traumatic events induce methylation changes , ” says Galea .
The people with PTSD also had more antibodies to cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) , a herpes virus that is present to some degree in most human populations .
This indicates that their levels of CMV were higher , and greater CMV infection is associated with an ageing immune system .
“ It is tempting to speculate that higher CMV antibodies observed in PTSD could be a hallmark of accelerated ageing features associated with psychological stress exposure , ” says Moisés Bauer at the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio Grande do Sul in Porto Alegre , Brazil .
Diagnosing trauma
Galea says he hopes his team ’s findings will help those with PTSD .
For a start , changes in methylation might help diagnose the condition .
“ It ’s not implausible that epigenetic changes could provide a biomarker , a diagnostic tool for PTSD , ” he says .
“ It will also help guide us on interventions , ” he says .
Galea hopes to find a way of preventing the epigenetic changes in individuals who have recently experienced traumatic events .
Bauer agrees : “ Drugs targeting DNA methylation profiles will be of clinical interest for PTSD . ”
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0910794107
If I had accepted that I was gay I would never have joined the military – I naively thought I would “ change ” if only I met the “ right ” girl or was a good enough Christian .
But when the people of California voted to strip the over 1,000 legal rights afforded married couples from gay Californians I decided I could no longer serve in the military .
Why should I put my life at risk to defend the freedom of Americans who think so little of me and my relationships that they would take rights away from me ?
I was floored by the unfairness and the way rights were stripped away – by a simple vote – what the founding fathers called “ the tyranny of the majority ” .
I am appalled that many Republicans support such attacks on freedom , liberty and limited government .
One can be opposed to gay marriage by not entering such a marriage – but it is cruel to deny 1,000 legal rights to a couple just because you personally do n’t believe in it .
Barry Goldwater would be so ashamed of what has happened to the GOP .
We are supposed to be the party of individual liberty .
Ironic is n’t it ?
The party of big government favors government getting out of our lives while the party of less government favors more government involvement in our lives .
— RD ( a pseudonym ) , a 10 - year armed services veteran and psychologist recently back from Afghanistan , in his nakedly pointed series “ Diary of a Gay Officer at War ”
LAST week 's column dealt with the arcane name squabble between Macedonia ( aka FYROM ) and Greece .
This piece was soon the most - commented on the Economist 's website .
That was no thanks to the brilliance of the prose and the lucidity of argument .
The subject was one of those issues that attracts bigots , scaremongers and polemicists , with a vanishingly tangential relationship to truth , logic and courtesy .
The article described the row as “ the most tedious dispute in the Balkans ” .
The ex-communist region sets a high standard in such matters , so the epithet is not to be bestowed lightly .
Here is an outsider 's guide to a few of the other rows .
All the arguments below are a ) historically plausible and b ) strike most outsiders as quite mad .
Are you calling me a Tatar ?
Moldova / Romania
A sizeable number of Romanians believe that what is today called the Republic of Moldova is nothing more than a lost province of real Romania , snatched by Stalin out of spite ( along with northern Bukovina , which went to Ukraine ) .
The sooner this “ pretend Moldova ” rejoins Romania the better .
Handing out passports to as many Moldovans as possible brings this nearer .
Bulgaria / Macedonia
From a certain Bulgarian - nationalist viewpoint , the idea of a discrete Macedonian ethnicity or language is a nonsense — rather like defining “ Texan ” as an ethnicity in America .
Yugoslav Macedonia was a historical accident , and the sooner the detritus joins Bulgaria the better .
After that , it will be time to liberate the brother - Slavs of northern Greece .
Slovakia / Hungary According to hardline Slovak nationalists , the whole idea of a Hungarian ethnic minority in the country is absurd .
These people ( many of whom are Gypsies anyway ) should shut up and get on with being Slovaks : ie , speaking Slovak and thinking like Slovaks .
Any other behaviour is a sign that they are still imprisoned by their imperial mindset .
If they do n't like living in Slovakia , they should go back to Hungary ( where , incidentally , the Slovak - speaking minority has dwindled to nothing — proving that it is the Magyars who are the real ethno- nationalists ) .
Lithuania / Poland
Not many people realise this , but most of the people speaking Polish and Belarussian in the area in and around Vilnius are not really Slavs but polonised Lithuanians , the legacy of centuries of forced assimilation .
That is a terrible fate , so the right ( and kindest ) thing to do is to depolonise these people and relithuanianise them .
A good way to start is to make sure that they do not get trapped into using foreign Polish letters and silly spellings when writing their names .
It is Adomas Mickevicius , not Adam Mickiewicz .
Let nobody forget it .
Ukraine / Poland
Anyone who spells the capital of Galicia as Lwów is a Polish nationalist who bayonets Ukrainian babies for fun .
Anyone who says it is spelled Lviv is a Ukrainian fascist who bayonets Polish babies for fun .
Anyone who spells it Lvov is a Soviet mass murderer .
And anyone who calls it Lemberg is a Nazi .
See you in Leopolis for further discussion .
Among the runners - up : “ Tatar ” is a derogatory and invented name for the inhabitants of modern Tatarstan , who are in fact the descendants of Volga Bulgars .
Kievan Rus was not Russian .
Any talk of a Ruthenian nation is ill - informed , stupid , possibly mad and the product of Muscovite attempts to split and destroy Ukraine .
Outside pressure has mostly calmed these arguments within formal politics .
But on the internet the rows still rage , with tortured facts , arguments and syntax , all mixed with vituperative insults , phoney politeness and seemingly RANDOM Use Of Capital letters .
There is a whiff of pyjamas - at - noon , and of people who check their emails in the small hours .
Time to get a life ?
Some Republicans are worried that an anti-government surge among conservatives will lead to lower participation in the U.S. census , which they fear could reduce the number of Republican seats in Congress and state legislatures .
The census , which is currently being collated and is gathered every ten years , dictates the distribution of federal funding , how many House members each state gets and how congressional and legislative districts are drawn within states .
Conservative activists this year have argued it is unconstitutional for the census to ask anything beyond the number of people in a household .
This year 's census form also seeks information on race , gender and age , among other things , and filling it out is required by law .
The census has asked similar questions for decades .
Rep. Michele Bachmann , R - Minn. , who is admired by many tea-party activists and ultra-conservatives , has said she will refuse to provide information about anything except the number of people in her household .
Rep. Ron Paul , R - Texas , a former presidential candidate with a small but ardent following , was the only lawmaker to vote against a recent congressional resolution urging participation in the census .
Respondents must answer all questions on the census at the risk of a fine of as much as $ 100 , according to the Census 2010 Web site .
If forms are sent in incomplete , census workers are sent out to those homes to collect the missing data .
Click here to continue reading at The Wall Street Journal .
Scientists have taken another important step toward understanding just how sticking needles into the body can ease pain .
In a paper published online May 30 in Nature Neuroscience , a team at the University of Rochester Medical Center identifies the molecule adenosine as a central player in parlaying some of the effects of acupuncture in the body .
Building on that knowledge , scientists were able to triple the beneficial effects of acupuncture in mice by adding a medication approved to treat leukemia in people .
The research focuses on adenosine , a natural compound known for its role in regulating sleep , for its effects on the heart , and for its anti-inflammatory properties .
But adenosine also acts as a natural painkiller , becoming active in the skin after an injury to inhibit nerve signals and ease pain in a way similar to lidocaine .
In the current study , scientists found that the chemical is also very active in deeper tissues affected by acupuncture .
The Rochester researchers looked at the effects of acupuncture on the peripheral nervous system -- the nerves in our body that are n't part of the brain and spinal cord .
The research complements a rich , established body of work showing that in the central nervous system , acupuncture creates signals that cause the brain to churn out natural pain - killing endorphins .
The new findings add to the scientific heft underlying acupuncture , said neuroscientist Maiken Nedergaard , M.D. , D.M.Sc. , who led the research .
Her team is presenting the work at a scientific meeting , Purines 2010 , in Barcelona , Spain .
" Acupuncture has been a mainstay of medical treatment in certain parts of the world for 4,000 years , but because it has not been understood completely , many people have remained skeptical , " said Nedergaard , co-director of the University 's Center for Translational Neuromedicine , where the research was conducted .
advertisement
" In this work , we provide information about one physical mechanism through which acupuncture reduces pain in the body , " she added .
To do the experiment , the team performed acupuncture treatments on mice that had discomfort in one paw .
The mice each received a 30 - minute acupuncture treatment at a well known acupuncture point near the knee , with very fine needles rotated gently every five minutes , much as is done in standard acupuncture treatments with people .
The team made a number of observations regarding adenosine :
In mice with normal functioning levels of adenosine , acupuncture reduced discomfort by two - thirds .
In special " adenosine receptor knock - out mice " not equipped with the adenosine receptor , acupuncture had no effect .
When adenosine was turned on in the tissues , discomfort was reduced even without acupuncture .
During and immediately after an acupuncture treatment , the level of adenosine in the tissues near the needles was 24 times greater than before the treatment .
Once scientists recognized adenosine 's role , the team explored the effects of a cancer drug called deoxycoformycin , which makes it harder for the tissue to remove adenosine .
The compound boosted the effects of acupuncture treatment dramatically , nearly tripling the accumulation of adenosine in the muscles and more than tripling the length of time the treatment was effective .
" It 's clear that acupuncture may activate a number of different mechanisms , " said Josephine P. Briggs , M.D. , director of the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine at the National Institutes of Health .
" This carefully performed study identifies adenosine as a new player in the process .
It 's an interesting contribution to our growing understanding of the complex intervention which is acupuncture , " added Briggs , who is the spouse of co-author Jurgen Schnermann .
The paper includes three first co-authors : Nanna Goldman , technical associate Michael Chen , and post - doctoral associate Takumi Fujita .
Other authors from Rochester include Qiwu Xu ; medical student Tina Jensen ; former student Wei Liu and former post - doctoral associate Yong Pei ; assistant professors Takahiro Takano and Kim Tieu ; and research assistant professors Weiguo Peng , Fushun Wang , Xiaoning Han , and Lane Bekar .
Also contributing were Jiang - Fan Chen from Boston University and Jürgen Schnermann from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases .
Funding for the work came from the New York State Spinal Cord Injury Program and the National Institutes of Health .
Linda Coombs was desperate to find a way to pay her bills with her baby in the ICU .
She prayed to God for help .
She thought God had answered her prayers when she read the letter from Wells Fargo .
Wells Fargo wrote that she was pre-qualified for the federal government loan modification program recently passed into law .
" It sounded like an answer to our prayers when we were at a lowest point in our life , " Linda Coombs said .
.....
The Coombses , who have four children , were a month behind in their mortgage payment , so they jumped at the offer to cut their monthly bill from about $ 766 to $ 233 .
Under the federal government 's Home Affordable Modification Program , eligible borrowers receive trial mortgage modifications in which payments are reduced to 31 percent of their income , according to the Congressional Oversight Panel .
After three months of successful payments , participants are told , the modification is converted to " permanent " status for five or more years .
As instructed by Wells Fargo , Linda Coombs said , she began paying $ 233 a month in September .
That continued for three months , she said , until Wells Fargo sent a notice saying the family owed more than $ 3,000 in back payments .
Wells Fargo never apparently never intended to approve the Coombs .
They saw an opportunity to collect thousands of dollars of fees .
Wells
Fargo now says that her husband , a carpenter , does n't make enough money to be approved .
However , they must have known about his income when he applied for the modification .
Wells Fargo is threatening foreclosure , requesting payement of the full amount of the mortgage plus thousands of dollars of legal and late payment fees .
Thousands of other people have been given similar offers then foreclosed on by Wells Fargo .
A class action lawsuit has been filed in Boston based on a very similar case .
Moreover , there is strong evidence of predatory lending by Wells Fargo in Tennessee .
In Tennessee , Wells Fargo preyed on African Americans according to a lawsuit filed in April .
The complaint against Wells Fargo says the company would identify possible customers through their purchases of furniture and jewelry at businesses in African - American areas of the city and county , as well as those who previously had loans with the company .
Credit managers in branch offices were instructed to contact these " leads " to persuade them to apply for new subprime loans with Wells Fargo , according to the lawsuit .
" The way we were told to sell these loans was to explain that we were eliminating the customers ' old debt by consolidating their existing debts into one new one , " said Dancy , who worked as a credit manager in Wells Fargo 's Park Avenue office from 2007 to 2008 , in a declaration filed with the court .
" This was not really true .
We were actually just giving them a new , more expensive loan that put their house at risk . "
" The prevailing attitude was that African - American customers were n't savvy enough to know they were getting a bad loan , so we would have a better chance of convincing them to apply for a high - cost , subprime loan , " Taylor said in a declaration filed with the court .
Linda Coombs is n't bitter .
She thanks God that her baby is doing well , making a full recovery , but she 's fighting to her family from homelessness .
She has contacted an attorney who is interested in starting a class action suit in North Carolina .
The federal government needs to investigate indict and try the executives behind these corporate crimes against average Americans .
The mortgage loan modification program has been turned into a marketing opportunity for fraud .
Wells Fargo will continue to prey on families of injured babies until their crimes stop paying .
Building a Complex , High - Performance Site with HTML5 , CSS , and jQuery
Building the GetHiFi site was a lot of fun and presented many challenges .
We commissioned our friend Lenny Terenzi of Hey Monkey Design to design the site , giving him only some rough guidelines .
We knew that would allow his creativity to run wild and push HiFi and our coding .
Performance is a priority for HiFi and a heavily shadowed and textured site design would make for a perfect test .
We wanted this to be a challenge .
When we had settled on the design , we knew coding it would be a long process -- but also well worth it .
In our last post , Eli wrote about how we used minification to make sure that the css and js assets we were serving would load quickly .
We had a few other objectives in mind when we coded the site :
Use CSS Sprites as Much as Possible Make sure images were in the correct format for compression Use HTML5 Embed Fonts
Do the design justice !
In the end were were very satisfied with what we were able to do .
We 're most proud that we were able to build this site with only five images !
As we coded the site , we kept a visual diary -- taking screenshots as we made progress .
Below , you can see thumbnails for all of the progress screens .
We 've also added notes to each one .
If you start with the first one , you can walk through the entire design process .
We also did a writeup on how we made this custom jquery slideshow .
British Petroleum and government disaster - relief agencies are using a toxic chemical to disperse oil in the Gulf of Mexico , even though a better alternative appears to be available .
As the Deepwater Horizon oil spill spreads , BP and the U.S. Coast Guard have conducted tests with Corexit 9500 , a chemical designed to break oil slicks into globules that are more quickly consumed by bacteria or sink into the water column before hitting shore .
The decision has been a controversial one .
A few scientists think dispersants are mostly useful as public relations strategy , as they make the oil slick invisible , even though oil particles continue to do damage .
Others consider Corexit the lesser of two evils :
It 's known to be highly toxic , adding to the harm caused by oil , but at least it will concentrate damage at sea , sparing sensitive and highly productive coastal areas .
Better to sacrifice the deep sea than the shorelines .
But even as these arguments continue , with 230,000 gallons of Corexit on tap and more commissioned by BP , a superior alternative could be left on the shelf .
Called Dispersit , it 's manufactured by the U.S. Polychemical Corporation and has been approved for use by the Environmental Protection Agency .
Both Corexit and Dispersit were tested by the EPA , and according to those results , Corexit was 54.7 percent effective at breaking down crude oil from the Gulf , and Dispersit was 100 percent effective .
Not only did Corexit do a worse job of dispersing oil , but it was three times as lethal to silverfish – used as a benchmark organism in toxicity testing – and more than twice as lethal to shrimp , another benchmark organism and an important part of Gulf fisheries .
As for why Corexit is being used instead of Dispersit , authorities have n't yet said .
According to the Protect the Ocean blog , U.S. Polychemical executive Bruce Gebhardt said the government had used Corexit before , and was sticking with what it already knows .
Corexit makes up most dispersant stockpiles in the United States for this reason , though dispersant manufacture can be easily ramped up .
In a 1999 letter , the U.S. Coast Guard told U.S. Polychemical that " product information from planning mode evaluations remain on file to facilitate rapid review in the context of a spill . "
In that same year , the EPA added Dispersit to the National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan , which determines what will be considered for use in an oil spill .
Relief agencies were not immediately available for comment about Dispersit .
In a Tuesday press conference , Charlie Henry , the scientific support coordinator for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said the potential effects of Corexit 's use in the Gulf are unknown .
" Those analyses are going on , but right now there 's no consensus , " he said .
" And we 're just really getting started .
You can imagine it 's something we 've never thought about . "
Image : Coast Guard workers spray Corexit on oiled rocks in Berkeley , California , in 2007 . / United States Coast Guard .
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Editor ’s Note : It ’s World Homeopathy Awareness Week .
Today ’s guest post is from Dr. Chris MacDonald , PhD. Dr. MacDonald is Associate Professor , Department of Philosophy , Saint Mary ’s University , and a Nonresident Senior Fellow at Duke University ’s Kenan Institute for Ethics .
Dr. MacDonald blogs at the Business Ethics Blog .
What should we think about homeopathy , from the point of view of Business Ethics ?
We can begin by asking the same questions about homeopathy as we would ask about any other product .
Those questions fall under two main headings :
Is it generally ethically OK to sell this product ?
Is it a product that should be on the market at all ?
If it ’s generally ok to sell this product , what are the obligations of companies selling them ?
Are there any ethical limits on how or to whom they are marketed ?
In a free society , there ’s a general presumption in favour of free commerce .
If Party A has a product and says to Party B , “ Hey , you might like this , ” and if Party B says , “ Hey , I think I ’d like some of that , here ’s some money ! ” then they should generally be free to make the transaction .
But there are limits .
Some things cannot ethically be bought or sold ( children or votes , for example ) .
Other things can be sold , but only under special circumstances ( cigarettes and alcohol , for example ) .
And more generally , there is a very broad requirement that all transactions must be carried out without force , fraud , or deception .
Now , discussions over alternative therapies like homeopathy tend to be combative , rather than constructive , particularly on the Internet .
That ’s unfortunate , because a lot is at stake .
Finding ways to have a constructive discussion is essential , but few make that effort .
But there is common ground in the debate , and we should make good use of it .
Both sides of the debate agree , for example — indeed they ethically have to agree — on the importance of consumer protection , though they may disagree on the right way of achieving it .
Health is complex , and important , and the average consumer typically needs to be able to turn to experts to get good advice .
There are plenty of unscrupulous individuals and companies out there willing to try to make a fast buck by preying on the gullible or the uninformed .
Anyone who truly cares about health has to recognize that that ’s a serious problem .
So , let ’s look at homeopathy through the lens of consumer protection .
Most generally , consumer protection means , first , making sure that products are safe ( or “ safe enough ” , since almost all products carry at least some risk ) , and , secondly , making sure that products do what the manufacturer or seller says they ’ll do .
Although I happen believe that homeopathy ( like most other alternative therapies ) does not in fact work , I want to have a constructive discussion about consumer protection with those who think it does .
So I ’m going to assume , for the sake of argument , two things that many skeptics are likely to deny .
First , I ’m going to assume that homeopaths ( and supporters ) genuinely believe in the power of homeopathy .
That is , I ’m going to assume that most homeopaths are not outright frauds .
( Actually , that ’s not just for the sake of argument .
I strongly believe that to be a justified assumption .
I strongly suspect that the vast majority of homeopaths and homeopathic pharmacies are 100 % well - intentioned , and seek only to promote the health of their patients and customers . )
Secondly , I ’m even going to assume — again for the sake of constructive argument — that homeopathy works .
I ’ll assume that the anecdotes of homeopaths and their patients confirms the positive effects that Randomized Controlled Trials have thus far been unable to detect .
Next , given these assumptions , I ’m going to pose two questions for homeopaths to answer , questions that I would likewise pose to any other kind of reputable business , especially any other reputable business in the field of health .
How do we detect phoney homeopathic preparations ?
In order to protect consumers , we need to be able to detect fake remedies — fake versions ( sold by counterfeiters ) that are really just inert look - alike copies of genuine remedies .
In an age of international trade and Internet - based pharmacies , phoney pills are a big problem .
So , is there any way to test a homeopathic preparation to verify that it is genuine ?
If I buy homeopathic tablets , is there any test that can be done to see if they ’re real or counterfeit ?
If authorities suspect a criminal organization of selling fake homeopathic tablets , how can they tell the difference between the criminal organization ’s tablets and those manufactured by an honest homeopathic pharmacy ?
What advice would you give a potential patient / customer who is trying to choose among various alternative therapies ?
How should a potential customer / patient choose between homeopathy , Therapeutic Touch , acupuncture , Angel Therapy , and so on ?
In other words , how can consumers know that they ’re about to buy something good , rather than something bogus ?
“ Trust me ” wo n’t do as an answer .
Trust , in itself , is neither a good nor a bad thing ; what we value is justified trust .
What is it that justifies consumers in trusting you , rather than someone else ?
“ Try it ” also is n’t a good answer .
When health is on the line , we should n’t have to experiment on ourselves .
We should have some assurance ahead of time .
Consumers deserve that .
One alternative , of course , is to deny that this is an important question at all , by claiming that literally all alternative therapies work .
But that would make little sense .
There surely are fraudsters out there , offering stuff they know ca n’t work .
And even ignoring outright fraud , the homeopathic philosophy claims to have identified the true nature of disease ; other philosophies , it seems then , must have it wrong .
Which ones ?
Consumers deserve your input on this important issue .
These are questions I expect any reputable business to be able to answer .
They are also questions to which I have not yet heard homeopaths give good answers .
( In fact , I asked a version of the 2nd question on my blog , with depressing results . )
I ’m honestly interested to hear any an answer .
In the end , what I ’m really looking for here are reasonably generalizable standards of consumer protection across various categories of health products .
What standard of evidence and safety should be applied to products offered for sale , quite generally ?
If homeopathic preparations are not expected to stand up to the rigours of Randomized Controlled Trials , why , in all fairness , should the products of the major pharmaceutical companies be forced to meet that standard ?
Surely Merck and GlaxoSmithKline would love to avoid having to jump through those hoops .
Surely Big Pharma would love to be able to give vague answers to my questions above .
But we do n’t let them .
And we ’re right not to let them .
The question is , can the Homeopathic industry demonstrate its commitment to ethics by giving clear answers , too ?
Wie viel Steuern Schweizer zahlen Im Vergleich zu den Nachbarn müssen Schweizer Arbeitnehmer deutlich weniger Abgaben zahlen .
Das zeigt eine Statistik der OECD .
Die Belastung von Arbeitseinkommen in der Schweiz liegt deutlich unter dem OECD - Mittel .
Dies geht aus Berechnungen der Organisation für wirtschaftliche Zusammenarbeit und Entwicklung ( OECD ) hervor , die am Dienstag in Paris veröffentlicht wurden .
Dass die Schweiz steuerlich auch für einfache Lohnbezüger attraktiv bleibt , zeigt der Steuerkeil ( « Tax Wedge » ) , die Differenz zwischen den Arbeitskosten der Arbeitgeber und dem Nettoeinkommen eines Einzelverdieners .
Sie zeigt , wie viel Kaufkraft der Staat einem Arbeitnehmer durch Steuern und Abgaben nimmt .
Deutschland unter den Nachbarn am höchsten
Für einen alleinstehenden Arbeitnehmer ohne Kinder mit einem Durchschnittslohn lag der durchschnittliche Steuerkeil in den 30 OECD - Mitgliedstaaten 2009 bei 41,1 Prozent .
In der Schweiz lag er bei 29,3 Prozent , in Deutschland bei 50,9 Prozent , in Frankreich bei 49,2 Prozent , in Österreich bei 47,9 und in Italien bei 46,5 Prozent .
Der Steuerkeil für ein verheiratetes Paar mit zwei Kindern und einem Verdiener mit Durchschnittslohn lag in der OECD im Mittel bei 26,0 Prozent .
In der Schweiz waren es 17,2 Prozent , in Frankreich 41,7 Prozent , in Österreich 36,6 Prozent , in Italien 35,7 und in Deutschland 33,7 Prozent .
Tatsächliche Belastung unterschätzt
Zu beachten sei jedoch , dass für die Schweiz für den OECD - Vergleich die Sozialbeiträge des verbindlichen Teils der beruflichen Vorsorge sowie die obligatorischen Kranken - und Unfallversicherungsbeiträge nur mit Mindestbeträgen angegeben würden .
Oder sie seien gar nicht mitgerechnet , da sie an privatrechtlich organisierte Träger gehen .
Die effektive Abgabenbelastung in der Schweiz werde somit unterschätzt , stellt die OECD - Studie fest .
Insgesamt gelten die Berechnungen für Arbeitnehmer in Zürich .
Herangezogen wird der durchschnittliche Jahresbruttolohn eines Vollzeitarbeitnehmers in der Privatwirtschaft , nämlich 75'376 Franken .
Im Durchschnitt sank in den OECD - Staaten 2009 die Belastung von Arbeitseinkommen .
In vielen Ländern , so auch in Deutschland und Österreich , wurde die Steuer - und Abgabenlast gesenkt , meist besonders stark für Familien .
Am deutlichsten wurden Familien in der Slowakei , in Neuseeland und in der Türkei entlastet .
SDA / oku
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A measure that would restore lapsed jobless aid for hundreds of thousands of Americans cleared a hurdle in the U.S. Senate on Wednesday , clearing the way for passage later in the week .
By a vote of 60 to 40 , Democrats voted to set aside a law that requires new spending to be offset with tax increases or spending cuts elsewhere .
Democrats had fallen short of the 60 votes needed for passage earlier in the day , when Vermont Senator Patrick Leahy was at a funeral .
With the unemployment rate at 9.7 percent , some 6.1 million Americans rely on jobless benefits to help them pay the bills as they look for work as the United States climbs out of the worst economic downturn in 70 years .
Those benefits expired for more than 200,000 Americans last week after Republican Senator Tom Coburn prevented a vote at the end of March , shortly before Congress left on a two - week break .
Another 200,000 Americans will lose their benefits this week if Congress does not renew them , according to the National Employment Law Project , a liberal advocacy group .
Coburn and other Republicans argue that Congress should find a way to pay for the $ 9.2 billion cost of extending benefits , rather than letting it add to a budget deficit projected to hit a record $ 1.5 trillion this fiscal year .
Wednesday ’s vote was the second procedural roadblock thrown up by Republicans in a process that could take most of the week .
One Republican , George Voinovich of Ohio , from the economically struggling state of Ohio , voted with Democrats .
Democrats say jobless aid has always been considered emergency spending during times of high unemployment and thus does not need to be offset .
They say Republicans are blocking an extension because they have not decided to cooperate on anything .
“ We have groups of senators on the other side deciding they ’re going to dig in their heels and prevent anything from happening , ” Democratic Senator Byron Dorgan said at a news conference .
Jobless benefits normally expire after six months but Congress has extended the program several times during a slump marked by record levels of long - term joblessness .
Democrats have been extending the program on a month - to - month basis as they work on a longer - term fix .
Along with the difficulty faced by the jobless who have benefits , the standoff has also disrupted a federal flood - insurance program , which has held up roughly 1,400 home sales each day in flood - prone areas , and slashed emergency loans to small businesses , Democrats said .
COBRA health - insurance subsidies for the unemployed and payments to doctors under the Medicare health program have also been disrupted .
Democratic leaders have promised that these programs will be reinstated retroactively .
In this month 's comic book solicitations , it 's been revealed that Ray Palmer is making a return to comics as the Atom , following in the footsteps of characters like Hal Jordan and Barry Allen in what I like to call " regressive storytelling . "
These are stories that look to the past instead of the future , setting things back to the way they were rather than progressing them to what they should be next , rendering huge swaths of their fictional universe irrelevant because they did n't star the One True Version of a character .
In a lot of ways , it 's an unavoidable aspect of the way comics work , in that most creators started out as ( and presumably still are ) fans first .
And for fans , the One True Version of any given character is the one that made the biggest impact on them when they were growing up , be it Cary Bates ' Flash or Adam West 's Batman , and by and large , the fan mentality does n't lend itself to innovation .
Instead , it prompts the same desire that leads to fan - fiction :
They want to play with their favorite toys , and if the universe they 're working with does n't allow that , then it 's the universe that has to change , not them .
" The Good Old Days " have become a driving force in the comics industry in particular and DC Specifically ( and Geoff Johns even more specifically , as DC's Creative Director who is personally responsible for regressing Green Lantern , Flash , the Legion of Super - Heroes , Hawkman , Aquaman and others ) , and it's all built around a desire to recapture a feeling these creators got when they were kids .
And that 's not necessarily a bad thing -- I 'm certainly not an exception to fan culture , and there are stories that push my " Oh hey , I remember that " buttons as hard as anyone else 's -- except that the form it takes ignores that much of what made Jack Kirby or Cary Bates or Alan Moore or Frank Miller so exciting was n't what they were doing , but that they were doing things that had n't been done before .
Instead , we 're in an industry right now that wants to constantly reset itself , running on nostalgia rather than innovation , moving backwards instead of moving forwards , and while I complain about it both often and at length , it seems to be what the majority of comics readers want , no matter how wrong - headed I think it is .
But there 's an unintentional side - effect to all this regression that often goes ignored :
The piece - by - piece white - washing of the DC Universe .
Before I go any further , I want to make it absolutely clear that I 'm not suggesting that creators like Geoff Johns are racist , or that their stories are consciously motivated by racism in any way .
I do n't think that factors into what they 're doing at all ; the motivation is one of nostalgia and resistance to change , not race .
I do n't think the racial consequences of what they 're doing even cross their minds , which is an entirely different , and in some ways , more insidious problem .
But it 's there , and it 's becoming increasingly hard to ignore .
And it 's particularly prevalent in DC Comics because no other company so relies on legacy characters .
There 's no other company that has the idea of super - heroic roles being passed from one generation to the next quite so hardwired into it .
They 've been doing it since 1956 , when Barry Allen took the place of Jay Garrick and ushered in the Silver Age .
And because most of their popular and enduring characters were created in the early days -- the '30s , '40s and ' 50s , when the only minority characters were outright racist caricatures like Ebony White and Chop - Chop -- they were white .
As comics progressed , however , more legacy characters were created .
Some , like John Stewart , were introduced explicitly to challenge notions of race , while later ones -- Jason Rusch ( Firestorm ) , Jaime Reyes ( Blue Beetle ) , and even going back to Kimiyo Hoshi ( Dr. Light ) and Yolanda Montez ( Wildcat ) -- were more reflections of changing standards in regards to the media 's acceptance of non-white characters .
But now , the idea of a legacy character is being totally subverted .
They 're not roles that are passed down anymore , they 're roles that are passed back up .
And much of the time -- not always , but enough that it 's more than notable -- they 're being passed back from a non-white character to an Aryan ideal .
Jason Rusch is still part of Firestorm , but it 's back to being Ronnie Raymond 's Caucasian body .
Kimiyo Hoshi is still Dr. Light , but that name 's been permanently soured by " Identity Crisis " and the fact that James Robinson had the original Dr. Light threaten to rape her children on the Justice League Satellite .
Even the regressions of ostensibly white characters often have racially charged consequences : Wally West 's interracial marriage to Linda Park has been sidelined in favor of on - the - go suburbanites Barry Allen and Iris West , and Kyle Rayner ( who was created as an Irish - American but later " revealed " to be the son of a Mexican - American CIA agent ) has suffered the strange fate - worse - than - death of a fictional character who gets demoted from a starring role to a supporting one .
He 's still a Green Lantern , but he 's not the Green Lantern .
Even stranger -- and oftentimes worse -- are the storytelling gymnastics that creators have to go through to justify their regressions , which , again , are things that are clearly done without thinking of the consequences .
Take this scene from Johns 's " Infinite Crisis " :
By itself , in the isolated , insular world of comics , this makes perfect sense :
If the characters of the '30s and '40s existed on a separate Earth from the characters of the ' 50s , then it makes perfect sense that characters created later would have existed on still another Earth .
But the subtext here -- no matter how unintentional it is -- is that these newer characters do n't belong in the DC Universe .
They need to be somewhere else while the real characters , the ones who , by coincidence , are n't black or Italian or have Latino parents , have their real adventures .
It 's the unintentional building of a cosmic - scale meta - textual ghetto .
Another example can be found on Johns 's " deboot " of the " Legion of Super - Heroes . "
It 's a franchise I 'm passionate about in the exact same fannish way that I mentioned above .
Even though I came to the series later and have a huge appreciation for the Silver Age stories , and even though I really enjoy what Johns did with them , " my " Legion is still the first one I read , the post - Zero Hour " reboot " Legion .
Admittedly , the reboot lost non-white characters like Dawnstar , Tyroc and Invisible Kid II ( the latter eventually returned , albeit in the same sort of supporting character role that Kyle Rayner 's stuck in now ) , but at the very least , it brought in new characters like Kid Quantum I and II , Gear and XS .
Even the " Threeboot " Legion had some diversity to it with Star Boy and Karate Kid .
The current Legion , however , does n't have a whole lot of non-white faces :
Keep in mind , this is meant to represent the 31st Century , when the entire Earth is united and that draws on an entire galaxy .
But racially speaking , there 's not a whole lot of diversity :
There 's Colossal Boy ( revealed to be Jewish in one of the DC Holiday Specials from thirty years ago ) and Dawnstar ( a Native American from Space with vague " tracking " powers that skirt the line of stereotype ) , but to paraphrase Denny O'Neil , this Legion 's got green skins and blue skins , but what about ...
But you can't really even blame the creators entirely , because it 's reinforced by the fans .
I 'm sure a lot of it comes from the fact that the stories are often good stories ( as I said , the Legion stuff is n't necessarily what I want the Legion to be , but it 's still very enjoyable ) , but there 's an underlying resistance to change that seems to come out in a far more ugly manner when race is involved .
Again , I would certainly hope that the majority of comics fans are n't racist , but I heard John Stewart referred to as " Black Lantern " years before Nekron started sending out rings , and I 've heard enough people refer to Jason Rusch as " Blackstorm " to know that a lot of them do n't understand that casual racism is still racism .
Which is one of the things that 's so galling about the regression from Ryan Choi to Ray Palmer .
It 's been a running gag among my friends that in comics , only white Americans ever find meteors , get splashed with chemicals or get visited by spacemen , everyone else ( from Jack O'Lantern to Black Bison to the Gaucho to Apache Chief to Samurai and so on ) has to have a power that relates to their race or their country -- specifically , the broad stereotypes drawn from white Americans ' perception of their race or country .
It 's almost inescapable , and it reinforces the idea that non-white characters are defined solely by their ethnic differences .
But Ryan Choi was a character that actually had a character , and was one of the few Chinese - American characters in comics that did n't have powers relating to Kung Fu dragons .
He was just a guy with super - powers that was filling a role that nobody had bothered to do anything with in years .
And now he 's been shoved into limbo so that Ray Palmer can come back , reduced to a gentrified footnote so that the DC Universe can a little bit more like it did in 1978 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Chaos has erupted in the Ukrainian parliament during a debate over the extension of the lease on a Russian naval base in Ukraine .
The chamber 's speaker had to be shielded by umbrellas as he was pelted with eggs , while smoke bombs exploded and politicians brawled .
But the debate continued and the chamber ratified the lease extension .
Kiev has prolonged the lease on the Sevastopol base by 25 years in return for cheaper supplies of Russian gas .
ANALYSIS David Stern
BBC News , Kiev
Relations between Kiev and Moscow have taken a 180 - degree turn since Viktor Yanukovych became president .
Under his predecessor , Viktor Yushchenko , ties were at times openly antagonistic .
Mr Yushchenko wanted to close the Black Sea Fleet base in Sevastopol , and was a staunch supporter of Georgia during its 2008 war with Russia .
But the speed of this Ukrainian - Russian reconciliation under Mr Yanukovych has surprised many .
As well as the Black Sea Fleet agreement , Ukraine has announced that Russian and Belarusian forces will join the country 's 9 May Victory Day parade - the first time foreign troops will have marched in the event since Ukraine became independent 19 years ago .
But the rapprochement has also enraged Ukrainian nationalists , who believe their country is once again falling under the dominance of its former colonial master .
The deal , which came amid rapidly improving ties between Russia and Ukraine following the election of Ukraine 's pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych in February , has been bitterly opposed by Ukrainian pro-Western opposition politicians .
The clashes in parliament broke out as MPs debated ratification of the agreement , which was made by Mr Yanukovych and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev last month .
Opposition MPs hurled eggs at the speaker , Volodymyr Lytvyn , who had to be protected by two aides holding black umbrellas .
Deputies were seen throwing punches on the floor of the chamber , and covering their faces with handkerchiefs to protect themselves from the smoke .
Thousands of demonstrators gathered outside the building .
Despite the chaotic scenes , the debate continued and the deal was backed by 236 out of 450 members of the chamber .
' Black page ' Ukraine 's Prime Minister Mykola Azarov pointed to the boost the lower gas price would provide to the budget as the country struggles to secure a loan from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
" The budget means agreement with the IMF , the possibility of getting investments , " he said .
" It is a programme of development for Ukraine in the future . "
RUSSIA'S BLACK SEA FLEET Based at Sevastopol since 18th Century Includes about 16,200 servicemen and some 40 vessels Warships deployed during Russia 's 2008 war with Georgia Lease now extended from 2017 to 2042
In pictures : Parliament chaos Political divide deepens
In pictures : Black Sea fleet But opposition leader and former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko said the day would " go down as a black page in the history of Ukraine and the Ukrainian parliament " .
The Russian lower house of parliament approved the fleet extension deal shortly after the Ukrainian ratification , with 410 members voting in favour and none against .
On Monday , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin visited Kiev , where he announced offers for wide ranging co-operation on aircraft manufacturing , shipbuilding and the generation of nuclear power .
" We are talking about creating a large holding which would bring together joint power generation , joint power station construction and the fuel cycle , " he was quoted as saying .
He said the controversy over the base deal was " to be honest , unexpected " .
The price Ukraine had asked was " beyond all reasonable limits " , he said , and the gas subsidies would cost Russia $ 40 - 45 bn ( 30 - 34bn euros , £ 26 - 29 bn ) over 10 years .
But he added that the deal was " not just a question of money " .
" Military co-operation , without a doubt , increases trust between two countries , gives us an opportunity to do work full of trust in the economic and social and political spheres , " he said .
" This is in fact the main thing . "
One of the protesters outside parliament , Igor Derevyanko , accused Russia of " financing anti-Ukrainian projects " .
" This is a permanent threat to Ukraine 's territorial integrity because the Black Sea fleet is the outpost of the Russian state in Ukraine , " he was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
IT 'S the five - letter word our state 's police should get used to being called .
A university student was yesterday cleared of an offensive language charge after a local court magistrate ruled the word " prick " was part of the every - day vernacular .
Waverley Local Court magistrate Robbie Williams made his comments during a hearing for science student Henry Grech , 22 , who was charged following a heated argument with Senior Constable Adam Royds at Bondi Junction train station last year .
Mr Williams said he was n't satisfied that a " reasonable person ' ' would be offended by the word prick in general conversation .
" I consider the word prick is of a less derogatory nature than other words and it is in common usage in this country , " he said .
" A police officer on a number of occurrences would hear words like this used on a much worse scale .
Police officers would be used to this type of language . "
Mr Williams said the spectrum of acceptable offensive vocabulary in society was a " moving feast " .
" The words also take on different meaning .
It is clear that there are some words which could be considered to be on the offensive list , " he said .
" As to whether the word prick falls into that category must be taken in the context of which it was used . "
The Punch : Pricking the bubble of polite conversation
NSW Police Association secretary Peter Remfrey said the legal system should not be making police " second - class citizens " .
" We do n't think it is satisfactory for the courts to sanction this sort of language against police officers , " Mr Remfrey said .
" Police should n't be punching bags for society , nor should they be open to this sort of abuse .
One only has to contemplate the response of a magistrate if somebody called them a prick in their court .
The magistrates should adopt the same approach to all people in the criminal justice system . "
Sen-Constable Royds stopped Mr Grech on the station 's concourse area on November 5 last year about 4.50 pm after he allegedly jumped a barrier .
The pair had an aggressive exchange of words before Mr Grech told Sen- Constable Royds he would " see him in court " if he continued to harass him .
As he walked off Mr Grech called Sen- Constable Royds " a prick " .
Mr Grech , who is a science student at the University of NSW , said he was surprised the matter had been taken to court .
" When I used the word I did n't think it was offensive and did n't think it would end up in court , " Mr Grech said .
" I 'm happy I got off . "
Mr Grech 's lawyer Nick Hanna used previous cases dating back to 1951 to compare other cases where magistrates and judges had dismissed offensive language charges .
He referenced decisions from court cases in NSW , Western Australia and South Australia where magistrates ruled that words including " shit " and " f . . k " had not been used in " an offensive manner and without sexual overtones " .
Police prosecutors are unlikely to appeal against Mr Williams ' decision .
Originally published as Magistrate : it 's ok to call cop ' pr **k'
Rice researchers created these fanciful images of electron densities from their graphane - embedded quantum dot calculations .
The isosurfaces depict electrons in the valance band that , in reality , would be confined within the quantum dot , and demonstrate that very little charge would leak from the hydrogen - defined boundaries of such a dot .
CREDIT : EVGENI PENEV / ABHISHEK SINGH
Graphane is the material of choice for physicists on the cutting edge of materials science , and Rice University researchers are right there with the pack - and perhaps a little ahead .
Researchers mentored by Boris Yakobson , a Rice professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and of chemistry , have discovered the strategic extraction of hydrogen atoms from a two - dimensional sheet of graphane naturally opens up spaces of pure graphene that look - and act - like quantum dots .
That opens up a new world of possibilities for an ever - shrinking class of nanoelectronics that depend on the highly controllable semiconducting properties of quantum dots , particularly in the realm of advanced optics .
The theoretical work by Abhishek Singh and Evgeni Penev , both postdoctoral researchers in co-author Yakobson 's group , was published online last week in the journal ACS Nano and will be on the cover of the print version in June .
Rice was recently named the world 's No. 1 institution for materials science research by a United Kingdom publication .
Graphene has become the Flat Stanley of materials .
The one - atom - thick , honeycomb - like form of carbon may be two - dimensional , but it seems to be everywhere , touted as a solution to stepping beyond the limits of Moore 's Law .
Graphane is simply graphene modified by hydrogen atoms added to both sides of the matrix , which makes it an insulator .
While it 's still technically only a single atom thick , graphane offers great possibilities for the manipulation of the material 's semiconducting properties .
Quantum dots are crystalline molecules from a few to many atoms in size that interact with light and magnetic fields in unique ways .
The size of a dot determines its band gap - the amount of energy needed to close the circuit - and makes it tunable to a precise degree .
The frequencies of light and energy released by activated dots make them particularly useful for chemical sensors , solar cells , medical imaging and nanoscale circuitry .
Singh and Penev calculated that removing islands of hydrogen from both sides of a graphane matrix leaves a well with all the properties of quantum dots , which may also be useful in creating arrays of dots for many applications .
" We arrived at these ideas from an entirely different study of energy storage in a form of hydrogen adsorption on graphene , " Yakobson said .
" Abhishek and Evgeni realized that this phase transformation ( from graphene to graphane ) , accompanied by the change from metal to insulator , offers a novel palette for nanoengineering . "
Their work revealed several interesting characteristics .
They found that when chunks of the hydrogen sublattice are removed , the area left behind is always hexagonal , with a sharp interface between the graphene and graphane .
This is important , they said , because it means each dot is highly contained ; calculations show very little leakage of charge into the graphane host material .
( How , precisely , to remove hydrogen atoms from the lattice remains a question for materials scientists , who are working on it , they said . )
" You have an atom - like spectra embedded within a media , and then you can play with the band gap by changing the size of the dot , " Singh said .
" You can essentially tune the optical properties . "
Along with optical applications , the dots may be useful in single - molecule sensing and could lead to very tiny transistors or semiconductor lasers , he said .
Challenges remain in figuring out how to make arrays of quantum dots in a sheet of graphane , but neither Singh nor Penev sees the obstacles as insurmountable .
" We think the major conclusions in the paper are enough to excite experimentalists , " said Singh , who will soon leave Rice to become an assistant professor at the Indian Institute of Science in Bangalore .
" Some are already working in the directions we explored . "
" Their work is actually supporting what we 're suggesting , that you can do this patterning in a controlled way , " Penev said .
When might their calculations bear commercial fruit ?
" That 's a tough question , " Singh said .
" It wo n't be that far , probably -- but there are challenges .
I do n't know that we can give it a time frame , but it could happen soon . "
More information : View the paper at : View the paper at : pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/nn1006072
Sure , Project Natal is the hotness and a little bird tells us PlayStation Move is pretty bodacious , but you do n't have to buy a fancy game console to sooth your motion - tracking blues .
When students at Cornell University wanted to play Human Tetris ( and ace a final project to boot ) , they taught a 20 Mhz , 8 - bit microcontroller how to follow their moves .
Combined with an NTSC camera , the resulting system can display a 39 x 60 pixel space at 24 frames per second , apparently enough to slot your body into some grooves -- and as you 'll see in videos after the break , it plays a mean game of Breakout , too .
Full codebase and plans to build your own at the source link .
Eat your heart out , geeks .
By Captain Pyke | May 6 , 2010 - 10:32 pm
On April 21 , 1997 , a capsule was launched into orbit aboard a Pegasus XL rocket from near the Canary Islands .
The little spacecraft carried partial remains of Gene Roddenberry and several others into low earth orbit and eventually deteriorated and it disintegrated in the atmosphere .
Then on April 28 , 2007 , a SpaceLoft XL rocket launched a portion of James Doohan 's remains into a four - minute suborbital flight before parachuting to earth .
Both flights were operated by Celestis , a Houston , Texas - based aerospace company and a leader in public participation spaceflight .
Now , Trek fan Phillip Green has joined the ranks of Trek giants Roddenberry & Doohan .
Green , 47 , had been an avid sci - fi fan all his life before he suddenly died in 2007 as he returned from a walk .
Originally from Newcastle - on - Tyne , UK , was sent into orbit with American firm Celestis at midday , but will fall back to earth a day later .
Sister Lynne Howe , 59 , said it was exactly the kind of send - off that he would have appreciated .
" He was keen on Star Wars and Star Trek , he was interested in all that kind of thing .
He would be delighted to know that he was going up there , he mentioned it when he was alive that he thought it would be brilliant . "
" We think this send - off is exactly what he would have wanted .
He would have loved the idea of being up there looking down on us . "
The Pioneer Flight was launched at midday from Spaceport America , near Las Cruces , in New Mexico .
A portion of Mr Green 's remains was in the rocket with 18 others launched into space on a craft in separate capsules .
His ashes will fall to earth after about a day and be returned to his family .
( source DailyMail.co.uk )
Boxing gloves
A pair of boxing gloves will keep your knuckles safe from bruises and scratches during the chaos .
APRIL 12-- Though J. Edgar Hoover 's minions often probed the interstate transportation of obscene material featuring Bettie Page , the notorious pin-up model was nonetheless willing to help agents when it came to FBI inquiries about the production of certain " flagellation and bondage pictures , " according to bureau records .
When a 1957 police drug raid on a Harlem apartment turned up a cache of obscene magazines and photos , paddles , a riding crop , a whip , and lengths of chain , rawhide , and rope , FBI agents contacted Page for some expert guidance .
Specifically , they wanted to know if the apartment was a photo studio where obscene material was produced .
According to this memo sent to Hoover , Page told investigators that she " had never heard of that type of photography being made in Harlem . "
An agent reported that Page also advised that the " flagellation and bondage pictures that she had posed for " were shot " in photographic studios or photographers apartments . "
The seized porn , which included " two books and four pictures depicting Betty Page in various poses , " was shipped to Washington for " examination " by the FBI Laboratory , according to a second memo .
At some point , agents planned to quiz the apartment 's inhabitants about " what the source of these items was , and to what use they were putting them to . "
The FBI documents were included in Page - related material released following a TSG Freedom of Information request .
Page died in December 2008 at age 85 .
( 5 pages )
Earlier today I was talking with a friend waxing poetic over croissants made by a local bakery .
What makes their croissants so special is the fact that they IMPORT their butter from France because it has a higher fat content and thus makes for better , flakier croissants .
All I could think was “ you mean butter can be BETTER ?!!! ”
I grew up on a steady diet of margarine in a tub .
As a child , I do n’t think I even realized that butter was actually different than margarine .
The skies opened and the angels started singing after I finally experienced the ecstasy of real butter on a hot , homemade bun .
Shortly there after , I had it on warm cornbread and my eyes rolled to the back of my head .
Never again would margarine ever grace the shelves of my refrigerator .
Today , I have salted and unsalted butter as well as herbed butter from a local dairy front and center in my refrigerator .
I have yet to taste the pungent Moroccan butter called smen , but that ’s simply a matter of time .
Now , I am not a huge baker so one might ask “ why so much butter ? ”
As one might guess , I have a love affair with butter .
My love affair , of course , comes at a price : calories .
But any foodie worth their salted butter will tell you that without exception , flavor trumps calories .
That ’s not to say that they are mutually exclusive , but to say that given a choice between using Pam or using butter , butter wins .
Butter also beats out margarine .
Now , I do n’t mean to malign margarine , but can we really take it seriously ?
Is n’t it sort of the Jonas Brothers of food ?
An artifice of advertising and big food giants who would have us believe that the margarine is n’t “ lip syncing ” during the dinner hour .
I mean , ever ask yourself , “ Why are they selling so hard ?
If it were that great , would n’t I already be a fan ? ”
Filled with preservatives and various poly - hydrogenated - ides that leave me imagining a melting array of chemicals evaporating in my pan .
Inferior Omega - 3 which I can get more effectively through fish just is n’t enough of a reason to plop a tub of manufactured sludge on my table .
Besides , unlike “ most people ” cited in this article , most things on my table are NOT processed .
Why ruin perfectly fabulous , fresh food that I have tenderly tendered ?
Compare the tub of margarine to the ingredients of butter : cream , salt .
Which would you rather have ?
Further , margarine , despite its claims , has comparable calories and fat to butter .
Besides , for creamy depth and flavor , what beats butter ?
Ok , cream is a close second .
Whenever someone challenges me on ills of butter , I ask them why they would want to smear chemicals on a perfectly good piece of toast ?
Why would they ruin simple , good food with a processed gob of gook ?
Besides , for me at least , because butter ’s flavor and ingredients are so simple and pure I do n’t need as much of it to make an impact in cooking .
I like its delicate color and simplicity .
Unlike Jonas Brothers margarine , its innocence is almost child - like .
It makes me happy to use .
Its like a return to that first taste every single time , butter is a trusty , consistent friend .
This week , I am finally going to get around to making my own butter at home .
If its a particularly harrowing experience or worth repeating , I ’ll let you know .
Making your own butter is actually quite simple , at least according to Do n’t Burn the Garlic blog which is where my recipe hails .
I plan on adding my home made butter to my banana pancakes this weekend , I ca n’t think of anything more heavenly .
Unabashedly , I ’ll continue to use real butter .
Whether I make my own or get it from a local dairy or just buy it at the store .
There is no substitute , no matter what that “ nice lady ” on the TV wants me to believe .
I think I ’ll also hunt down a source for real French butter , since I simply must taste butter worth importing .
Toyota says its global sales have surged by more than a quarter despite the carmaker having to recall millions of vehicles worldwide because of safety concerns .
After recalling about 10 million cars because of safety complaints , Toyota says its global sales surged last month , rising by 26 per cent when compared with the same period last year .
But the company still faces steep challenges , with rating agency Moody 's last week downgrading the carmaker 's credit rating .
Toyota has launched aggressive incentive programs to encourage people to stick with its cars .
In the United States , Toyota is offering 0 per cent financing on recalled models , low lease rates and free maintenance .
A recovering world economy also appears to have given the company a lift .
Luis Malagon felt blessed when he , his wife and their daughter were offered $ 11,000 a month to work at a new religious social service agency being planned in Brooklyn .
He quit his job as a building inspector in South Carolina in February , put his house up for sale and borrowed money to move to Sunset Park .
Settling into a cramped apartment , they waited for the project to begin on March 1 .
When it did not , they said , they were summoned to daylong religious services presided over by its leader , the Rev. Isidro Bolaños , who offered harangues and excuses .
Today , the Malagons are out of work , money and time .
The paychecks they had been assured were in the mail never arrived , putting them on the verge of eviction .
Their New York sojourn has gone from blessing to curse , and they are moving to a relative ’s apartment in Florida .
“ I have nothing , ” said Mr. Malagon , 61 .
“ I feel like an ant .
Look at everything we gave up to come here . ”
Ben Morris
Business reporter , BBC News , Skolkovo , Russia
The first residents are expected to be moving in by 2014
It may not have California 's weather , ocean views or coffee culture , but a Moscow suburb will be the site of Russia 's version of Silicon Valley .
Skolkovo district has been selected as the site for a huge science park , where the government will invest billions of dollars to help boost the nation 's technology industry .
It is a sleepy , rural area about 20 kilometres west of central Moscow , where wealthy Russians have dachas , or holiday homes .
The park will be built on land owned by Russia 's ministry of agriculture near the village of Nemchinovo .
It is a small place where the action is limited .
There is a bus stop and a kiosk selling newspapers and snacks .
Billionaire in charge But Skolkovo will have some important attractions .
Tax breaks and other funding will be offered to selected companies .
Without government help , it is hard to get started
Natalya Kaspersky , the co-founder of Kaspersky Lab
The project will also be largely autonomous with its own water and power supplies - amenities that can often be frustrating to secure for Russian companies .
The project has powerful leadership .
The Russian billionaire Viktor Vekselberg is in charge and he hopes that one day the region will produce Nobel Prize winners .
Also , big new business school is being built on the edge of Nemchinovo , with upmarket houses and flats nearby .
Konstantin Sonin , a professor of economics at the New School of Economics in Moscow , is optimistic about the project 's potential .
But he also warns that " there is a danger that it will go the old Russian way - everything that is going to be built is going to involve a lot of corruption and bribery that will drive up the cost of everything " .
Necessary help
The hope is that , one day , Skolkovo will be the home of companies such as Kaspersky Lab .
The computer software firm is only one of a handful of international Russian technology firms .
Local residents are worried they could be priced out Kaspersky Lab did not have government help when it started back in the 1990s .
But its co-founder , Natalya Kaspersky , thinks a technology park would help a new generation of entrepreneurs .
" We do not have a long history of business experience here in Russia and there are not plenty of funds ready to invest in technology , " she says .
" So , without government help it is hard to get started . "
Concerns
Ms Kaspersky thinks that a technology park with good infrastructure , tax breaks and a support network would encourage young Russian entrepreneurs .
She points out that similar projects have been successful in China .
Locals , though , are wary of the project .
Some are concerned that they could be priced out of the area if well paid scientists and engineers start to arrive .
And that could happen relatively soon .
It is hoped the first residents will be moving in by 2014 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Several times a year , the media picks up on an event that portrays games as terrible , terrible things that will destroy the very souls of our nation 's children .
One game chosen from the flood released every year is held up for all to see and be properly enraged by .
But many times , these stories are manufactured to create controversy , not to educate viewers about the realities of gaming .
Which is why we 've decided to help .
For people who do n't follow the gaming industry or may not be educated on its many wiles , we offer these rules for deciding if a gaming - related story is really worth the anger , outrage , or disbelief .
The content must be accessible through standard means
The Hot Coffee debate led to controversy , lawsuits , and criticism for the ESRB , the video game ratings board .
The content was included on the disc , sure , but to access the clumsy and badly animated sexual content you had to download a modification for the game on the PC , or use even more eldritch means to access the content on console versions of the game .
The reporting on this issue did n't bother with such nuance , however , and parents were soon concerned that their children were buying games filled with easily accessible sexual perversions .
The truth is , to get at that content , you 'd have to go well out of your way to download the needed modifications to access it .
If your children have unfettered access to the Internet , they can easily see much worse things than a few pixels that kind of look like blurry nudity , and with far less trouble .
The takeaway from the scandal was that the ESRB changed the way it rates games .
" Coding around scenes , images , or similar elements that might be pertinent to a rating assignment does not render this content irrelevant from a ratings standpoint .
If a publisher wishes to ' edit out ' pertinent content from a final product , it must remove the content from the disc altogether , " the rules now state .
Even if it 's not accessible in the game , you must disclose all the content on the disc .
The game needs to be available
CNN has been running a series of articles about a title called RapeLay that uses sexual assault as a game mechanic , but that particular title is an odd choice for controversy .
It 's not available in the United States , it 's years old , and there are many other games with similar content still available .
So why pick this game , and why return to the same subject over and over ?
Well , it gets readers , and in a note that is almost too ironic , CNN noted that all the buzz spread the availability of the game : " But the controversy that led to stopping sales of the game instead took it viral ... [ the game ] is still readily available on dozens of Web sites , sometimes for free . "
Politicians made noise about stopping the game 's sale in the US , which was an easy win : the game has never been sold in the United States .
Dr. Cheryl Olson told CNN that part of the problem in this sort of coverage is that it leads to more people playing the game , not less .
" One of my concerns is that kids generally never hear about this stuff unless it gets this kind of publicity , " she said .
This is of course after parents were warned that their kids could be playing the game RIGHT NOW .
It 's a perfect , self - perpetuating story .
CNN takes a niche genre in Japanese video games , grabs a single random example , creates a sensationalist story about its dangers to children , and then , when the buzz grows , it publishes another story months later talking about how people want to play the game since everyone is talking about it .
The game must actually cause social problems
While critics may claim that gaming teaches us aggressive behavior or makes children more comfortable with violence or firearms , the numbers show a much different reality .
While concerns about violent games breeding criminals remain strong , US national statistics show that violent crimes by children have been on the decline for years while video game play has rocketed .
" If there is this big causal trend you would expect to see a large leap in violent crime among kids , but there is not , " said Mia Consalvo , an assistant professor specializing in video game research at Ohio University .
The issue of RapeLay has lead to much hand - wringing over how games are created in Japan , along with some broad generalizations about Japanese culture .
Nogami Takeshi , a Japanese artist who has himself created hentai artwork , penned an open letter to CNN .
" Moreover , the crime rate statistics for both general crime and sex crime in Japan are , with all due respect , several times lower than in the United States , " he wrote .
" Did you , for instance , fear for your safety while walking the streets of Akihabara , or Ikebukuro ( holy ground of hentai books for women ) ?
They 're probably many times safer than the streets of New York , let alone those of the suburban housing districts around . "
According to Kotaku , the UN reports rape occurrence in Japan at 1.78 per 100,000 .
The US is at 32.05 per 100,000 .
It 's a simple thing to find games and movies showing morbid acts on store shelves in the United States , much less Japan .
Shining light on certain games and then saying people should n't be able to play it or that it 's dangerous is only going to lead to publicity .
The game must not be targeted at adults
You can find all sorts of violent and sexual content in Mature - rated games , but of course those games are aimed at gamers over the age of 17 .
Selling these games to minors is a big no - no , thanks to the very scare - stories we 're talking about here , so most major retailers can and do ask for identification when selling Mature - rated games .
It 's harder for a child to buy an M - rated game than it is to see an R - rated movie , according to the FTC .
If a child is playing one of these games , there was a failure at the retail or parenting level , not with the publisher or developer who put the content in a game marked for adults .
Does your story pass these tests ?
If a game has content that can be found in the process of playing it , is available for purchase in our country , there is an actual danger of a negative outcome due to the availability of that content , and it was n't marked for adult consumption ... congratulations !
You might just have a proper story about video games being dangerous for kids .
The media has to jump through a number of hoops to attack the well - regulated gaming industry with a solid report ; few stories pass this basic test .
For actual , reasonable advice for dealing with video games and your children , see our guide .
The company behind the BitTorrent technology has opened the source code of its uTorrent Transport Protocol ( uTP ) .
A production - ready implementation of the protocol code in C++ is now available from GitHub under the MIT license .
uTP , which is used today in the popular uTorrent BitTorrent client , is designed to reduce network congestion by allowing other traffic to take precedence .
This reduces the overall load that BitTorrent puts on networks , both locally and at the ISP level .
The developers contend that the new protocol will remove the need for ISPs to throttle or block BitTorrent traffic and could also potentially boost download performance in some cases .
A popular feature in uTorrent lets users specify certain times of day when the application should reduce its bandwidth consumption so that it wo n't disrupt other users on the network .
The virtue of uTP is that it offers a much better solution than that kind of heavy - handed local constriction .
The dynamic throttling principle behind uTP will allow BitTorrent connections to automatically back down and make room for other kinds of traffic as needed , and then ramp back up to full speed when the network is less busy .
BitTorrent connections using uTP will be able to use 100 percent of available bandwidth when nothing else is using the network .
In theory , that could help reduce total download time relative to the less flexible client - side throttling approaches that users are forced to rely on today .
Similarly , uTP will theoretically help prevent BitTorrent traffic from clogging the tubes at the ISP level .
If uTP were to become ubiquitous , the ISPs might not feel compelled to use aggressive traffic shaping and other undesirable QoS strategies that would be detrimental to BitTorrent download performance .
Although the ISPs will apparently benefit from uTP adoption , the developers behind the protocol insist that the protocol was principally designed to boost the experience of regular end users and that the advantage to the ISP is largely secondary .
The uTP congestion control mechanism and the protocol itself are documented at the BitTorrent.org website .
The developers are also working to standardize the new protocol through the Internet Engineering Task Force ( IETF ) Low Extra Delay Background Transport ( LEDBAT ) working group .
Although the protocol is an open standard and offers some intriguing advantages , the technology is not seeing swift uptake .
A report from TorrentFreak says that client application developers are still skeptical and some users have suffered performance degradation due to problems with the protocol .
The availability of the source code under a permissive open source software license will now make it easier for application developers to support the protocol in their own applications .
It will also open the door for application developers to help identify and fix problems in the implementation , leading to a stronger collective understanding of best practices for uTP adoption .
BitTorrent throttling is one of several issues at the heart of the ongoing net neutrality debate .
If market - driven technical innovations like uTP can lessen the network problems that are creating friction between P2P users and ISPs , it could defer the need for regulatory intervention .
The dictators have not had enough – we call them tyrants , butchers , thieves and robbers , corrupt and adulterers , cruel barbarians and more but they want more .
The latest epithet they want us to attach to their unholy names is that of homophobe .
All of a sudden , as if coordinated , from the east to the southern regions of the continent , the tyrants have started a chorus of foul words against gays or homosexuals who , by all account , are a few million in the whole of Africa compared to the hundreds of millions wanting their so - called leaders to address themselves to the burdensome continental problems of democracy and under - development .
The dictator in the Sudan , who started out by cutting limbs of petty thieves and appointing bigger ones as ministers , has resorted to Sharia – and homosexuality leads to death .
Sudan ?
Really ?
Where even Revolutionary Council members , dour military men , had male lovers ?
No one has said hypocrisy is dead .
Down South , the number one enemy of gays , the man whose president was found to be gay , strongman Mugabe , has gone on record calling gays pigs and dogs and asking the world at large ‘ can men procreate ? ’ and if not then being gay will just ‘ turn our ancestors in their graves ’ .
Something to be avoided as the hapless ancestors in the graves , the very many martyrs of the struggle against the Ian Smith racist regime have been spinning in their graves as Mugabe persistently ruined his country aided and abetted by vindictive Western powers .
As Brutus did not say , Mugabe is not an honourable man but the other contender to the title of , no not honourable but , democrat , that is to say the Harvard - educated ( a two week course on good governance ) Morgan Tsvangirai has also joined his nemesis and attacked gays in no uncertain and rather crude terms ( men breathing on top of other men and the like ) .
38 African countries criminalise homosexual relations and Uganda recently tried to punish gays with the death sentence following a visit to Uganda by well - heeled American Christian fundamentalists .
Money talks and had not the outcry been very loud , Uganda would have been busy these days shooting gays just like Baganda demonstrators opposing the rule of Museveni ( going for his third election after amending the constitution ) .
Down in Malawi two gays tried a symbolic marriage and face up to 14 years in prison if convicted .
Now , the uninformed in this world maybe excused if they conclude that the primary problem of Africans is the existence of gays or that African tyrants and legislators have nothing else to do other than turn homophobe and bash the victims .
Actually , the loud homophobia comes right out of the very coveted secret manual of African dictators under the chapter of ‘ Diverting Public Opinion ’ .
Diverting public opinion is an art and though few can do it as well as the late Idi Amin and Bokassa ( what a show the duo staged over time ! ) they are trying hard .
Massacres and jailing of dissidents have become too ordinary to attract that much attention or to generate much uproar .
The world is now used to African genocides and carnages and is only surprised by reports of development for which it has no ears anyway .
Hence , the resort to gay bashing .
It is not that the tyrants have nothing else to worry about .
Uganda has its murderous LRA and serious dissatisfaction by the majority of the populace that considers Museveni 's rule dictatorial to boot .
Sudan is a mess and al - Bashir detested ; let us not talk of Darfur and possible secession and war in the South in the near future .
Mugabe 's problem is well known and Malawi of Kamuzu Banda fame has more serious problems than two gays getting married and trying to confront their miserable lives as the majority of Malawians .
Africa surely has more serious concerns and problems , including the very fact that the stigmatisation of the gays has a negative impact on the control of the AIDS ravaging many of these countries .
Diversion is a must , though , given the problems .
The gays are not many and they are helpless and the macho society has little sympathy for them .
For once , the tyrants will be joined by priests , sheikhs and the populace at large ( barring South Africa and Burundi that have refused to criminalise gays ) to engage in a collective orgy of violence and repression .
As the French would say ‘ Haro sur les Homos ’ or ‘ Curse on their homo heads ’ .
There are those who say that some of our literal ( does not mean literate in this instance ) top officials believe that gay in this context means happy and refers to people who are happy or gay without the expressed permission of the state that has a monopoly on joy in many African countries .
That aside , the gay issue is useful for diversion in that there is a loud and organised gay community in the donor countries and it will raise hell against African leaders persecuting gays instead of attacking them on the absence of good governance or democracy .
As the gays in Africa get their own Geldof or Bono and the outcry increases , the shout against , say Museveni , will not be ‘ stop killing demonstrators and protestors ’ but rather ‘ end the repression against gays ’ which is a slogan that , sadly or otherwise , will not stir that much of emotion amongst many Ugandans including their Catholic clergy .
Ditto for Mugabe and the others , Diversion par excellence .
And if the homophobia stops working , the tyrants have many others diversions up their sleeves to hide their real malady , which is fear of democracy or ‘ demophobia ’ , a malady cured only by a revolution , alas for them .
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Hama Tuma is an Ethiopian political activist and writer .
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
CubicWeb - The Semantic Web is a construction game !
CubicWeb is a semantic web application framework , licensed under the LGPL , that empowers developers to efficiently build web applications by reusing components ( called cubes ) and following the well known object - oriented design principles .
Its main features are :
an engine driven by the explicit data model of the application ,
a query language named RQL similar to W3 C’s SPARQL ,
a selection + view mechanism for semi-automatic XHTML / XML / JSON / text generation ,
a library of reusable components ( data model and views ) that fulfill common needs ,
the power and flexibility of the Python programming language ,
the reliability of SQL databases , LDAP directories , Subversion and Mercurial for storage backends .
Built since 2000 from an R&D effort still continued , supporting 100,000s of daily visits at some production sites , CubicWeb is a proven end to end solution for semantic web application development that promotes quality , reusability and efficiency .
Commercial support for CubicWeb can be found from various companies working with CubicWeb .
Ferrari Formula
One driver Fernando Alonso of Spain poses for photographers during a news conference at the headquarters of Santander bank , the euro zone 's largest bank , in Boadilla del Monte , near Madrid April 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Susana Vera
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Double world champion Fernando Alonso gave a 10 million euro ( $ 13.33 million ) thumbs - up to future Formula One success with Ferrari Monday .
Team sponsors Santander said they had insured the Spaniard ’s thumbs for five million each as part of a publicity campaign for accident and life insurance ahead of next week ’s Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona .
“ Alonso ’s thumbs are a symbol , as well as being essential for driving a Formula One car , in that they make a sign of victory and show that everything is under control and well protected , ” the bank said in a statement .
Alonso , who joined Ferrari this season after winning championships with Renault , told a news conference in Madrid that he hoped the first European race of the season would reinforce his title challenge .
The Spaniard , winner of the Bahrain season - opener , is third overall after four races .
“ The time has come to show who is up for winning the championship and who is not .
Now in Europe the moment of truth has arrived for drivers and teams who are going to show who is able to develop quickest , ” said Alonso .
“ A nice fight is starting , ” he added .
Alonso said he was not worried about his Ferrari engine after suffering a failure in Friday practice at the last race in China .
“ I ’m sure we will have a great car in Barcelona and I am not worried , ” he added .
“ The Ferrari mechanics are very confident that they have resolved the problems and I hope the fans have a fantastic time and there is a great atmosphere as ever . ”
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Back in early April , the Wire brought you business analysts ' thoughts on rumors of merger talks between United Airlines and US Airways .
At the time , some wondered about whether American and Continental , rival airlines " left out in the cold , " would contemplate their own deal .
Scratch that : it seems the four airlines have switched partners .
Early Monday morning United and Continental announced their intended marriage .
It 's a big merger , and there are some obvious worries for consumers .
Higher Prices
" The merger of behemoths is rather obviously very bad for consumers , " writes James Joyner at Outside the Beltway .
" And , in this case , that 's the whole point . "
He notes that he 's " not getting any sense that this will have any real trouble going through " the anti-trust mechanisms , despite the populist mood right now .
Obvious Anti-Trust Issues Not So Obvious , agrees The American Prospect 's Tim Fernholz .
Though the deal is specifically designed to drive up prices , " with both airlines losing money by the hundreds of millions per year , it 's hard to see the Justice Department blocking the move for the sake of anti-trust concerns . "
He is intrigued by a detail in the numbers :
I was also surprised to note that the new airline will control only 21 percent of domestic capacity and just 7 percent of the world 's market share .
While I 'm not displeased by the fact that the biggest airline 's reach is n't much larger than its competitors , it is surprising that no airline has been able to exert real domination across global flight markets -- probably a legacy of traditionally strict regulation on the sector .
Equal ... ish " The companies insisted the deal is a merger of equals , " write the AP 's Joshua Freed and David Koenig in their analysis .
" But United shareholders will hold a majority stake , the airline will be based in United 's hometown of Chicago and it will be called United , " they deadpan .
They do note , though , that the new company will be run by the current Continental CEO .
' Expect Layoffs and Strikes , ' says Douglas McIntyre , writing for Daily Finance .
" Any large airline merger is done to improve efficiency and that nearly always means closing redundant routes .
Mergers also usually lead to layoffs - - a tactic combined carriers use to reduce costs . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The new immigration law in Arizona , signed last week , requires local and state police to question people about theirimmigration status if there is reason to suspect they are in thecountry illegally .
It also makes it a state crime to be in the USillegally .
The strict new law led to outrage in the US , with manyclaiming that it will lead to racial profiling , and demands for acomprehensive immigration bill to be passed in Congress have beenrenewed .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ) on Thursday said that it is disturbed by the use of analogies to Nazis and the Holocaust in reaction to the recently - passed law in Arizona , which gives police the authority to detain people they suspect are illegal immigrants .
The signing of the Arizona immigration law released a flood of comparisons of the legislation to Nazi policies from elected officials , religious leaders , editorial cartoonists and others .
Many have also compared Arizona Governor Jan Brewer to Adolf Hitler .
According to ADL National Director Abraham H. Foxman : “ No matter how odious , bigoted , biased and unconstitutional Arizona 's new law may be , let 's be clear that there is no comparison between the situation facing immigrants , legal or illegal , in Arizona and what happened in the Holocaust .
Let 's remember that the Nazi identity cards were part and parcel of a plan to force Jews into ghettos and for their ultimate deportation to extermination camps .
” “ We are seeing these offensive and inappropriate Nazi and Holocaust comparisons come to the fore in the public debate once again , ” Foxman continued .
“ We saw it in the health care debate , and now we are seeing it with Arizona .
It is disturbing that in speaking out against the bill a number of individuals have taken to ... describing the legislation as being reminiscent of Nazi policies that required Jews and others to carry identity cards , or in comparing the governor and other Arizona officials as being like Hitler .
” Some high - profile examples of comparisons to the Nazis in recent days include Colorado Rep. Jared Polis , who said the legislation was “ reminiscent of second - class status of Jews in Germany prior to World War II , when they had to have their papers with them at all times and were subject to routine inspections .
” In New Jersey , an editorial cartoon in the Bergen Record portrayed Hitler with his infamous moustache rendered in the shape of the state of Arizona .
Los Angeles Archbishop Roger Mahony wrote on his blog : “ I ca n't imagine Arizonans now reverting to German Nazi and Russian Communist techniques whereby people are required to turn one another in to the authorities on any suspicion of documentation .
” “ Comparisons to the Nazis may be politically expedient and serve an agenda of demonizing those who supported the bill , but in the end they do great damage to the memory of six million Jews and the millions of others and soldiers who fought to defeat Nazism , ” Foxman said .
Americans are rightly outraged over our nation 's fiscal situation .
The course we 're on will lead to public debt that will exceed the size of our entire economy , and a government that will eventually exist to do only two things : fund entitlement programs and make interest payments .
Americans may be wondering whether the Greek financial crisis could happen here .
It will — unless we change course .
There 's a myth that our budget deficit mess sprang into existence at the presidential inauguration on Jan. 20 , 2009 .
But in truth , more ...
The Alex eReader by Spring Design will being shipping out today to those that have pre-ordered the dual - screen tablet .
This one sticks out from the growing list of Android - based tablets for its rather unique design , featuring a small screen for navigating through the operating system UI below a larger screen for displaying eBooks in a good selection of formats including EPUB , PDF , HTML , and TXT .
With a direct link to Google Books , there should be plenty of free and easy to access content available for the Alex eReader out of the box .
For the price - point of $ 399 you will get a wifi- enabled version of the device featuring the following specs :
Dimensions : 4.7 ″ x 8.9 ″ x 0.5 ″
Weight : 11 ounces
USB 2.0
MicroSD expandable to 32GB
OTA updates
Multitasking across the EPD and LCD screens , allowing for simultaneous book reading and video watching
A 3G enabled EVDO / CDMA version is planned for release later this year .
[ via CrunchGear ]
- video encodings still in process -
For anyone wondering why those peaceful activists got shot .
The IDF have started to release videos of the incident showing soldiers being beaten to a pulp and thrown of the deck before responding with deadly force .
A soldier in the video is seen armed with a paintball gun trying to stop the activists .
An interview with Rob Albritton
March 2010 -- Rob Albritton ’s Let Them Eat Junk : How Capitalism Creates Hunger and Obesity ( 2009 ) , published by Arbeiter Ring Press in Canada and Pluto Press in the UK , offers a welcome and urgently needed analysis of “ how the profit fixation of capital has led us deeply into a dangerously unsustainable system of food provision , a system that totally fails when it comes to distributive justice and to human and environmental health ” ( p. 201 ) .
His analysis takes us inside capitalism and shows how its “ deep structures ” manage our agricultural and food systems in irrational ways .
Socialist Project ’s Relay magazine recently asked John Simoulidis to interview Robert Albritton about his book and current global struggles to address the failures of our agriculture / food system .
Posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
* * *
You have written a number of books on Marxist theory and political economy : why a book on food ?
When I retired from York University ’s political science department after teaching political theory and political economy for 36 years , I had more time to do research and writing .
Previously most of my work was very theoretical , and I decided it was time to direct my attention to something more down to earth .
I had many influences directing my attention toward food , not the least of which was my wife ’s career teaching food and nutrition at Ryerson University in Toronto .
Now that I was retired , I could devote most of my waking hours to researching and writing this book on the food system – a topic that turned out to be far more extensive than my initial expectations .
Indeed , the more I researched the topic , the more I discovered the numerous interconnections among our ecological crises , our social and physical health crises , our economic crisis and our global food system .
The focus on the impact that capitalism has on food and agriculture is a particularly rich source if we want to make connections between the struggles for socialism and the struggles for ecological sustainability .
I hope my book can contribute to a growing wake - up call that will bring about a refocus of human intelligence and material wealth toward reshaping the food system and the capitalist economy that it is embedded in .
There are various and recently published books and articles offering critiques of the corporate control of the food system .
What can readers expect to find in your book that is lacking in other critiques ?
After 40 years of studying capitalism , I believe that no single work makes more headway in grasping its inner logic and inner dynamic than Marx ’s Capital .
It was this work more than any other that guided me in my central aim , which was to understand how capitalism has shaped our food system .
It follows that the first difference between this book and others written on the topic of food is that I am not aware of any other food book that explicitly bases its theoretical framework ( many do not have theoretical frameworks ) on Marx ’s Capital .
Second , no other food book has as broad a scope as this one .
Third , no other food book has as much factual information .
Fourth and finally , the above three points are combined in a way that makes this book the most radical critique of the capitalist food system yet written .
This is because it seeks out connections between the food crisis and the other crises of advanced capitalism , and it illustrates that capital ’s indifference to use - value is particularly destructive when capitalism subsumes and commodifies the food system .
What were some of the most interesting and / or surprising discoveries you made while researching and writing this book ?
I was shocked by many things .
I ’ll mention a few .
First , I was impressed by the immense power of the sugar industry .
Sugar is one of the cheapest , the most addictive and most profitable of food inputs .
As a result more and more of it goes into much of our processed foods , even though it is the prime suspect in the current global diabetes epidemic .
Efforts to place constraints on its use have mostly failed , despite a fledgling international “ dump soft drinks ” campaign led by the Center for Science in the Public Interest .
Second , while I knew in a general way that the global distribution of food leaves many people struggling with hunger and malnutrition , I was not aware that globally nearly half the population makes $ 2 or less a day , and that approximately 1 billion people are mentally impaired due to malnutrition .
Finally , our food system spreads toxins in the environment ; has played the major role in deforestation , the running down of water supplies and the degradation of land ; is a huge contributor to global warming ; and is rapidly depleting the remaining reserves of fossil fuels .
In short , it not only undermines human health , but also is leading us toward ecological disaster .
What are some of the major themes that you address ?
What are some of the major failures associated with an agricultural / food system controlled by capital ’s “ deep structures ” ?
The title could be misleading without an understanding of the reference to Marie Antoinette ’s “ Let them eat cake . ”
In my interpretation “ junk food ” epitomises capitalist food in this phase of history , and junk food is high in sugars , fats and salts , while being low in other nutrients .
My book does not focus narrowly on junk food , but on a food system whose cutting edge has been junk food and whose largest corporations tend to be centred in the US , expanding outward to the rest of the world .
The main themes of the book are the food system ’s failure to advance human health , environmental health or social justice ; and the connections between the food crisis and the myriad of other crises characteristic of late capitalism .
Rational behaviour under capitalism requires that capitalists continually shift production from goods and services that are unprofitable ( and will , in due course plunge them into bankruptcy ) to goods and services that are profitable .
Since competition forces them to maximise short - term profits , it is this quantitative focus and not the quality of use values that becomes the overriding goal .
For example , if a capitalist learns that by adding more sugar to baby food , profits will increase both because sugar is a very cheap input and because babies will eat more baby food and later adults will eat more sugar , then a rational capitalist would do this , despite many studies that show a craving for sugar that borders on addiction can be established very early in children through a diet of sugar dense foods .
The capitalist cannot afford to be concerned with the lifetime of obesity and connected illnesses that such a diet might generate .
In short , in order to be rational , a capitalist needs to focus on profits ( quantity ) and not the quality of life of humans ( or use values ) unless that quality can be easily converted into profits .
Similarly , if the market for palm oil is profitable , and the easiest way to expand its production is to cut down the remaining rainforests of South East Asia , then a rational capitalist would not hesitate to do this .
Finally , if capitalist farmers profit from paying low wages to undocumented field workers , then any capitalist farmer who does not do this is likely to lose out to the competition .
Unfortunately these and many other destructive trends are all too current .
How does the crisis in the food system relate to the broader economic and ecological crises of the current phase of neoliberal capitalism ?
How will its impacts be felt and distributed globally ?
The food crisis feeds the other crises which in turn feed it .
The North American food system is so dependent upon fossil fuels that it has been estimated that all known fossil fuel reserves would be exhausted in seven years were the whole world to adopt the US system .
Indeed , at approximately one - third of the total , the food system contributes more to global warming than any other sector of the economy .
At the same time global warming will reduce crop yields due to extreme weather and higher temperatures .
Further , to mention only two of the many causes of pollution : the massive petrochemical inputs of agriculture coupled with the pollution of bodies of fresh water by confined animal feeding operations make the capitalist food system a major contributor to the toxification of the environment , which is now reaching alarming levels .
Finally , given the petroleum dependency of the food system , the price of food will go up with the price of petroleum , and the use of food crop land for ethanol production will only push food prices yet higher .
Declining yields due to global warming and extreme weather will also increase food prices .
Without action now these price increases will soon be disastrous for the 40 per cent of global population that lives on $ 2 or less a day .
Your reply addresses how capitalism creates hunger .
Can you explain how it at the same time produces obesity ?
The producers of junk food that profit from the ease with which people become quasi- addicted to sugar , fat and salt provide consumers with lots of calories but few nutrients .
Hooked on junk food and lacking the income to afford more nutritious food , people consume too many calories and not enough nutrients .
This is a recipe for obesity , a weakened immune system , and ultimately illness and death .
A report published by the American Medical Association claims that if current practices continue , one - third of US children born in the year 2000 will get diabetes .
Even more serious than what some have called the “ pandemic of obesity ” is the hunger and malnutrition suffered by over a billion people in the world .
It has been estimated that during each half hour an average of 360 children under the age of five die of starvation or hunger - related illnesses .
Perhaps the most challenging part of your book for readers not familiar with Marx ’s Capital or the Unoist approach that informs your theoretical work concerns the two chapters in part 2 of your book where you provide an outline of “ capitalism in the abstract and general ” and “ consumerism ” as a phase of capitalism .
Can you elaborate briefly on why this kind of theoretical work is necessary in order to understand the global and local failures of the agriculture / food system ?
The more abstract level of analysis clarifies the basic features of fully developed capitalism : showing how it subsumes social relations while deepening and expanding itself .
Capital ’s abstract dynamic is present in history to the extent that capitalism is .
At the same time capital is constrained and / or supported by historically specific structures and agencies that shape it and are shaped by it .
The abstract level of analysis brings out the reasons why even when capitalism is functioning at its competitive best , its management of a fully capitalist agricultural / food system is likely to manifest significant contradictions and irrationalities .
My mid-range level of analysis illustrates the form that these irrationalities take in the phase of consumerism after World War II .
Finally , these two higher levels of analysis help us to understand the evolving food system over the past 20 years or so .
One can easily list large numbers of alarming facts about current tendencies associated with the capitalist food system , but theory helps us to weigh the importance of the facts , to understand their interconnections , and hence to understand the most important forces shaping and being shaped by the food system .
The better we understand how the current system operates , the more effective our strategies of transformation .
You describe the current phase of capitalism in terms of a “ capitalist command economy ” .
Can you briefly explain what this means and how it frames the issues you raise in the concluding chapter of your book on “ the fight for democracy , social justice , health and sustainability ” ?
The food industry always emphasises the enormous choice it offers the modern consumer , but this is an illusion .
First of all because most people in the world are too poor to buy any but the cheapest of foods .
Second , those that have the money are confronted with a huge array of processed foods that are largely re-arrangements of soy , corn , fat , sugar and salt .
If you are allergic to GM soy , you will have to avoid the majority of processed foods since so many of them contain soy and soy by - products , and there is no labelling requirement for GMOs .
Third , food indoctrination is so widespread and powerful that most food choices are already heavily conditioned by the toxic food environment and its powerful marketing techniques .
Fourth , nearly all foods in the typical supermarket are the products of a few huge corporations ( for example , Nestlé and Kraft ) .
During the “ Cold War ” , Western economists often sharply contrasted “ totalitarian command economies ” , characteristic of the communist bloc , with “ free market economies ” , characteristic of the capitalist bloc .
Today , the world capitalist economy ought to be labelled a “ corporate command economy ” because large corporations run by small elites have way too much unaccountable power to command the future of humanity .
Markets are now largely planning instruments utilised by corporations for creating both supply and demand .
Large profits are made even when much larger social costs ( externalities not included in market prices ) will need to be paid by taxpayers and future generations .
While in reality most markets have never worked as pictured by the ideal of optimality that many economists have presupposed , now this ideal is so deeply ingrained that it can still be used to justify “ free markets ” when in reality we more and more see the corporate use of markets as planning mechanisms to maximise their short - term profits while creating huge long - range costs to society .
These social costs can be viewed as debts that future generations will have to pay whether they are economic debts , ecological debts or health debts .
We need to turn this around , and we need to do it fast .
This will require clearing our minds of the free market myth , so that we can begin to consciously use markets as democratic planning mechanisms to advance human and environmental wellbeing .
Besides democratising markets , we also need to democratise corporations and governments .
Democratising corporations means making their decision making transparent so that they can be held accountable by the public .
The first step in democratising governments is to find ways of preventing them being held for ransom by giant corporations .
In the current circumstances , it is particularly important to democratise the labour market .
There will always be unmet social needs , and therefore there should always be jobs to meet those needs .
Existing labour markets are extremely ineffective ways of mobilising human energies to meet human needs .
Computer technology could be utilised to find new ways of prioritising social needs and of mobilising the human intelligence and material wealth to meet them .
Anyone who wants to work and is able to work should never be unemployed unless it is to gain skills needed to meet particular needs , and such education should be subsidised .
Finally , and this will perhaps be the most difficult , we need to find ways to redistribute wealth globally in order to advance the equality that is necessary for democracy to be effective , and for freedom to have any meaning .
Democratising markets , corporations and governments is , in my opinion , not a “ middle way ” that compromises its soul to neoliberalism , it is the best way forward that I can think of – a way that offers a just and humane way out of the myriad of crises that confront us .
[ Rob Albritton is professor emeritus at York University , Toronto , and the author of Economics Transformed : Discovering the Brilliance of Marx ( 2007 ) and contributed an article to the recent issue of Socialist Register ( 2010 ) , “ Morbid symptoms : Health under capitalism ” .
This article first appeared in the January - March 2010 edition of Relay , Socialist Project ’s magazine .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
To download a PDF of the latest edition Relay click HERE . ]
A British man with terminal cancer who won 10,000 pounds ( $ 16,700 ) by gambling on his own life has died just weeks short of cashing in a third bet .
Jon Matthews , 60 , from Milton Keynes , north of London , was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer linked to asbestos - in April 2006 .
His doctor told him he would not be alive to see 2007 .
The widower refused to accept the prognosis and placed a 100 - pound bet with odds of 50 - 1 that he would survive until June 1 , 2008 .
He cashed in 5,000 pounds when he made it , according to bookmakers William Hill .
Mr Matthews placed a further bet , for the same amount and with the same odds , that he would make it another year .
And on June 1 , 2009 , he cashed in another 5,000 pounds .
The odds that he would stay alive another 12 months went up to 100 - 1 and he placed another 100 - pound bet , which would have netted him 10,000 pounds had he survived until June 1 .
But he finally succumbed to his illness last week , the bookmakers said .
Graham Sharp , who took the bet for William Hill , said he was " very sad " to hear of Mr Matthews ' death , but the gambling had given him " fun and enjoyment " .
" When he first approached us about it I was in two minds and thought we'd be accused of doing something in bad taste , " Mr Sharp said .
" But it gave him an incentive to keep on battling through the disease . "
- AFP
Evolutionary development of a semantic patch using Coccinelle
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Creating patches is usually handwork ; fixing one specific issue at a time .
Once in a while though , there is janitorial work to be done or some infrastructure to change .
Then , a larger number of issues have to be taken care of simultaneously , yet all of them are following the same basic pattern , e.g. a replacement .
Such tasks are often addressed at the source - code level using scripts in sed , perl , and the like .
This article examines the usage of Coccinelle , a tool targeted at exactly those kinds of repetitive patching jobs .
Because Coccinelle understands C syntax , though , it can handle those jobs much more easily .
The major drawback of using scripts for code transformation is that they use non-trivial regular expressions in order to match previously unknown names , parse structures , and so forth .
To simplify such tasks , " semantic patches " — patches that describe the kinds of changes to be made , rather than the specific line and difference that come in normal patches — have been introduced along with Coccinelle to process them .
Coccinelle translates the source files to an abstract representation , making it easier to deal with C expressions , isomorphisms , code paths and so on .
For an introduction , refer to Valerie Aurora 's LWN article or the Coccinelle web site .
This article will provide a step - by - step description how a semantic patch came into existence once a certain problem was identified .
Learning Coccinelle is still a bit challenging as information is scattered and , like with all languages , just listing the abilities is not even half of the story .
Studying other semantic patches ( in addition to asking on the mailing list ) worked best for me , so in return this article describes the creation of a semantic patch from scratch .
I would like to thank Julia Lawall for her immediate responses to my questions and bug reports .
The problem
An issue was pointed out while developing an I2C driver for hardware monitoring : the driver serving an I2C slave device ( called client ) uses i2c_set_clientdata ( ) to store a pointer to its private data structure , usually somewhere in the probe function .
In the remove function , the driver was then supposed to clear the pointer to the data structure before freeing it , because clients are not really removed but are just unbound from the driver .
To prevent a dangling pointer in the still existing client , a typical fix looks like :
+ i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; /* clientdata pointed to data before */ kfree ( data ) ;
As this dangling pointer looks quite easy to miss , checking all drivers is a job perfectly suited for Coccinelle .
The goal is a patch series fixing this flaw in I2C drivers all over the kernel tree .
While the patch series Coccinelle successfully created will probably not be merged directly , it helped in finding a more generic solution .
It was agreed that the i2c - core should clear the pointer to the private data structure as there is no guarantee for such pointers after the remove .
A follow - up patch series will likely be based on the semantic patch presented below .
In any case , the creation process will be useful for similar tasks in the future .
The task can be further divided into two sub-problems :
Find relevant kfree ( ) calls , which have the private data structure as an argument Check if clientdata is NULL already
If the latter is not the case , a fix is needed .
For the following examples , Coccinelle 0.2.2 and a 2.6.34 - rc1 kernel were used .
Older kernels can also be used to get the idea , of course .
Find relevant kfree ( ) calls
A typical remove ( ) routine for an I2C driver looks like this ( from drivers / rtc/rtc-pcf8563.c ) :
static int pcf8563 _remove ( struct i2c_client * client ) { struct pcf8563 * pcf8563 = i2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; if ( pcf8563->rtc ) rtc_device_unregister(pcf8563->rtc ) ; kfree ( pcf8563 ) ; return 0 ; }
The pointer to the data structure of interest was obtained using i2c_get_clientdata ( ) .
When the structure itself gets freed , then a check for the call setting clientdata to NULL is needed .
So this combination of i2c_get_clientdata ( ) and kfree ( ) is of interest , keeping in mind that the name of the pointer and its type can be anything .
As Coccinelle parses the C source on an abstract level , this is easily possible using a few so - called metavariables in the header of our matching rule .
Those can then carry the actual naming as used in the source file .
Always remember that Coccinelle works on an abstract level .
It is quite easy to forget as most of us are used to standard patches on source - code level .
A first attempt of our semantic patch having one rule may look like this :
@@ //
This is the rule header ; metavariables must be declared here type T ; identifier client , data ; @@ //
The matching rule itself : // Catch the clientdata T data = i 2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; // then anything in between is allowed ... // prepend the fix if kfree ( ) is found + i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; kfree ( data ) ;
For the pcf8563 example above , this patch matches .
That means , after the first line of the rule , the metavariable T will carry the type struct pcf8563 * , data will carry the identifier pcf8563 and client will carry the identifier client .
Later use of these metavariables will , of course , be accordingly replaced .
So , kfree ( data ) will in fact look for kfree ( pcf8563 ) .
As this is also found , the match is complete and the line containing the fix will be added .
But the patch did not find all relevant places .
The probe ( ) function also has a dangling pointer in the error path .
It was n't matched as it uses i2c_set_clientdata ( ) instead of i2c_get_clientdata ( ) .
So there should be an alternation in the semantic patch handling both cases .
And to make it short , a third variant is necessary because other drivers use i2c_get_clientdata ( ) without declaring the type on the same line .
It is usually a good idea to do a little bit of grepping first to get an idea in what ways functions are called .
Here is the patch including all alternations marked by " ( " , " | " , and " ) " in the first column :
@@ type T ; identifier client , data ; @@ // Check if function uses clientdata ( i2c_set_clientdata( client , data ) ; | data = i2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; | T data = i 2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; ) // anything in between is allowed ... + i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; kfree ( data ) ;
Surprisingly , there is still no fixup for the probe ( ) function .
Why is that ?
The " ... " operator in Coccinelle matches if and only if it matches for all code paths taken .
This is to ensure consistency of the modifications .
It usually makes a lot of sense , however , this case is an exception .
As it is written now , the lower block of the patch says " anything in between is allowed , but then a kfree ( data ) must follow on all paths " .
Of course , the probe ( ) routine does not free the structure if all went well because the driver is going to use it .
So , the above rule will not match on this path and thus will fail entirely .
What is needed here is a " may exist or may not exist " operator .
This is , similar to regular expressions , " ? " .
After changing the kfree ( ) line to the following
? kfree ( data ) ;
the meaning of the lower block changes to " anything in between is allowed and kfree ( data ) may occur later " .
That implies that , if it occurs , the fix connected to kfree ( data ) will be applied as well , so finally there is the second match .
Check if clientdata is freed already
When applying this semantic patch to the whole rtc subdirectory , there are a number of fixes , but also false positives , i.e. the pointer has correctly been cleared already by the driver , which is now done twice .
To fix this , an alternation can be used again .
Like in many languages , an alternation is short - cut if one condition is already met .
So the replacing part can be done like this :
( //
If this pattern is found , clientdata is set to NULL before data is freed .
//
Do nothing and skip the rest of the alternation i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; ... kfree ( data ) ; | // Otherwise apply a fix if kfree ( ) has been found in some code path // ( does n't need to be in all paths ) .
+ i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; ? kfree ( data ) ; )
If the first block is met , the driver does the right thing .
There still is a match , but no output is produced because no lines are added or removed .
If this is not the case , the fix is applied ( if needed ) .
While being here , a few drivers clear the pointer after they free the structure .
The other way around would be cleaner , so the following snippet is the third alternation :
+ i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; kfree ( data ) ; ... - i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ;
The final version of the semantic patch is hopefully less frightening :
@@ type T ; identifier client , data ; @@ // Check if function uses clientdata ( i2c_set_clientdata( client , data ) ; | data = i2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; | T data = i2c_get_clientdata( client ) ; ) //
Anything in between is OK ... ( //
If this pattern is found , clientdata is set to NULL before data is freed .
//
Do nothing and skip the rest of the alternation i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; ... kfree ( data ) ; | //
If this pattern is found , clientdata is set to NULL after data is freed .
//
Move it to the front and skip the rest of the alternation + i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; kfree ( data ) ; ... - i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; | //
Otherwise apply a fix if kfree ( ) has been found in some code path // ( does n't need to be in all paths ) .
+ i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ; ? kfree ( data ) ; )
This matched 96 drivers in 23 directories , changing 213 lines .
Note that one really should review those patches afterward .
There might be issues which lead to further improvement of the semantic patch .
Or there are problematic parts in the source code , but they need to be handled manually .
For example , in this patch series , there was once a kfree ( ) missing , so a memory leak was discovered .
Also check the Coccinelle output for anomalies .
In this case , there are some exceptions regarding " inconsistent control - flow paths " .
That means , the source code was modified in such a way that code paths outside our match would also be affected .
An example is a simple error path in a probe function ( excerpt from drivers / gpio/ pcf857x . c ) :
gpio = kzalloc ( sizeof * gpio , GFP_KERNEL ) ; if ( ! gpio ) return - ENOMEM ; ... /* set ' status ' according to initialization */ if ( status < 0 ) goto fail ; /* clientdata not used yet ! */ ... i2c_set_clientdata( client , gpio ) ; ... status = gpiochip_add ( &gpio - > chip ) ; if ( status < 0 ) goto fail ; /* clientdata was modified */ ... fail : dev_dbg ( ... ) /* ' i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) ' placed here would be executed for all jumps to ' fail ' ! */ kfree ( gpio ) ; return status ;
As seen , a jump to fail can happen after or before clientdata was set to the private data structure .
The latter case is outside the scope of the above semantic patch and would still modify its code path .
In this example , the change is harmless as clientdata is still NULL and will be set to NULL again , but Coccinelle cannot know and outputs a warning .
It is possible to enforce inconsistent changes using the command - line option - allow_inconsistent_paths , but it is marked as dangerous in the help text for a reason .
Either triple - check the outcome or just handle the exceptions manually .
Conclusion
The article is meant to incrementally describe the creation of a semantic patch using Coccinelle .
While the result is working and the patch series was submitted , be aware that the semantic patch here is primarily meant for educational purposes ; more advanced features available in Coccinelle have been left out .
One has to get used to a slightly different way of thinking regarding patches along with learning some new syntax when getting started with Coccinelle .
The intention of this article was to demonstrate that it is no major task , though .
Once the basic stuff is familiar , semantic patches are easier to understand than scripts with loads of regular expressions .
Coccinelle has also been around for some time now and produced a number of useful patch series ( available via kernel - janitors ) , so it is not in alpha stage anymore .
In the future , being able to read semantic patches will become increasingly important .
Larger tasks , like API changes , might start being done in an automatic fashion .
Coccinelle is a handy tool , and trying it out is likely to pay off .
* U.S. offshore driller lists in Zurich at 95.20 Sfr
* Shares rise to 96.30
Sfr shortly after open * Could join blue - chip SMI in June
* Insurer Swiss Life candidate for SMI removal ( Adds details )
ZURICH , April 20 ( Reuters ) - Offshore driller Transocean Ltd RIG .
NRIGN.S debuted at 95.20 Swiss francs ( $ 89.39 ) on the SIX Swiss Exchange on Tuesday , adding to its New York listing and paving the way for a place in the SMI Swiss blue - chip index .
The listing of Transocean , which moved its domicile to Switzerland from the Cayman Islands for tax reasons in December 2008 and has a total market capitalisation of around $ 28 billion , is the Alpine nation 's biggest since the merger of Swiss Bank Corporation and Union Bank of Switzerland to form UBS UBSN .
VXUBS.N in 1997 .
Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling contractor , could barge its way into the SMI .
SSMI as early as June 21 if it meets certain conditions , even though the index is usually only reshuffled once a year , in September .
“ We believe the listing of Transocean ’s shares on SIX is an excellent way to increase interest in Transocean among Swiss and European investors and reaffirm our presence as a Swiss company , ” said Transocean President and Chief Executive Steven Newman .
Shares in Transocean traded at a high of 96.30 Swiss francs ( $ 90.42 ) at 0710 GMT in a firmer Swiss market after opening at 95.20 francs .
The stock gained 1.3 percent in New York on Monday to close at $ 88.29 .
The owner of a fleet of 140 drilling rigs will likely muscle insurer Swiss Life SLHN.VX , with a market capitalisation of 3.8 billion Swiss francs ( $ 3.61 billion ) , out of the SMI .
This would making Swiss Life the second insurer to be knocked out of the SMI in under a year after Baloise BALN .
VX lost its place in the blue - chip index in September 2009 .
The alternative candidate for being pushed out of the SMI by Transocean is Swiss drugs industry supplier Lonza LONN .VX .
Transocean , which reported operating revenue of $ 11.6 billion and $ 3.7 billion in net profit in 2009 , has said its shares will be included in the all - share Swiss Performance Index .
SSHI on the second day of Swiss trading .
Transocean was followed to Switzerland in 2009 by others in the energy sector , including rival Noble Corp NE.N , which had also been based in the Caymans , along with oilfield services company Weatherford Ltd WFT.N and engineering company Foster Wheeler Ltd FWLT.O , both formerly domiciled in Bermuda .
Apart from a stable tax regime , the companies also cited the need to be closer to customers and the growing number of Eastern Hemisphere energy projects as reasons to abandon their island paradises for landlocked Switzerland .
( Reporting by Jason Rhodes ; Editing by Louise Heavens ) ( $ 1=1.065 Swiss Franc )
We 've collected screenshots from 15 popular — and not - so - popular — video games .
Think you can pick the correct title from a list of four ?
As many of these franchises were offered on multiple platforms , you do n't have to name the version — just the title that matches the visual .
There will also be a ( parenthetical ) hint with each possible answer , naming the developer , publisher or platform .
After you take the quiz , come on back and let us know how well you did !
And if you have an idea for a future quiz , tell us your suggestion !
Enough rat - a - tat … give the quiz a whirl .
American Serena Williams hits a shot during her French Open quarterfinal match against Australian Samantha Stosur at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Williams 6 - 2 , 6 - 7( 2 ) , 8 - 6 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Italian Francesca Schiavone hits a shot during her French Open semifinal match against Russian Elena Dementieva at Roland Garros in Paris on June 3 , 2010 .
Schiavone advanced to the finals after Dementieva retired with an injury after losing the first set 7 - 6( 3 ) .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Serbian Jelena Jankovic hits a serve during her French Open semifinal match against Australian Samantha Stosur at Roland Garros in Paris on June 3 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Jankovic 6 - 1 , 6 - 2. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Venus Williams lunges for a shot during her French Open second - round match against Arantxa Parra Santonja of Spain at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
Williams defeated Santonja 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France hits a serve during his French Open second - round match against Josselin Ouanna of France at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
Tsonga defeated Ouanna 6 - 0 , 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France hits a serve during his French Open second - round match against Josselin Ouanna of France at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
Tsonga defeated Ouanna 6 - 0 , 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa
Belgian Justine Henin falls while attempting a shot during her French Open fourth - round match against Australian Samantha Stosur at Roland Garros in Paris on May 31 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Henin 2 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Actress Salma Hayek watches the action at the French Open at Roland Garros in Paris on May 30 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Spaniard Rafael Nadal hits a shot during his French Open quarterfinal match against Spaniard Nicolas Almagro at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Nadal defeated Almagro 7 - 6 ( 2 ) , 7 - 6( 3 ) , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Roger Federer of Switzerland pauses during his French Open quarterfinal match against Swede Robin Soderling at Roland Garros in Paris on June 1 , 2010 .
Soderling defeated Federer 3 - 6 , 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 4 .
Roger Federer of Switzerland pauses during his French Open quarterfinal match against Swede Robin Soderling at Roland Garros in Paris on June 1 , 2010 .
Soderling defeated Federer 3 - 6 , 6 - 3 , 7 - 5 , 6 - 4 .
Russian Maria Sharapova reacts after a shot during her French Open third - round match against Belgian Justine Henin at Roland Garros in Paris on May 30 , 2010 .
Henin defeated Sharapova 6 - 2 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 3. UPI / David Silpa
Russian Maria Sharapova reacts after a shot during her French Open third - round match against Belgian Justine Henin at Roland Garros in Paris on May 30 , 2010 .
Henin defeated Sharapova 6 - 2 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 3. UPI / David Silpa
Australian Samantha Stosur prepares to serve during her French Open semifinal match against Serbian Jelena Jankovic at Roland Garros in Paris on June 3 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Jankovic 6 - 1 , 6 - 2. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Serbian Novak Djokovic hits a serve during his French Open quarterfinal match against Austrian Jurgen Melzer at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Melzer defeated Djokovic 3 - 6 , 2 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 7-6( 3 ) , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Italian Francesca Schiavone hits a shot during her French Open semifinal match against Russian Elena Dementieva at Roland Garros in Paris on June 3 , 2010 .
Schiavone advanced to the finals after Dementieva retired with an injury after losing the first set 7 - 6( 3 ) .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Serena Williams lunges for a shot during her French Open quarterfinal match against Australian Samantha Stosur at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Williams 6 - 2 , 6 - 7( 2 ) , 8 - 6 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
German Julia Goerges hits a shot during her French Open second - round match against American Serena Williams at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
Williams defeated Goerges 6 - 1 , 6 - 1. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Venus Williams watches her sister Serena play during her French Open quarterfinal match against Australian Samantha Stosur at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Williams 6 - 2 , 6 - 7( 2 ) , 8 - 6 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Italian Francesca Schiavone reacts after winning her French Open quarterfinal match against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark at Roland Garros in Paris on June 1 , 2010 .
Schiavone defeated Wozniacki 6 - 2 , 6 - 3 . UPI / David Silpa
Italian Francesca Schiavone reacts after winning her French Open quarterfinal match against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark at Roland Garros in Paris on June 1 , 2010 .
Schiavone defeated Wozniacki 6 - 2 , 6 - 3 . UPI / David Silpa
Spaniard Nicolas Almagro hits a shot during his French Open quarterfinal match against Spaniard Rafael Nadal at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Nadal defeated Almagro 7 - 6 ( 2 ) , 7 - 6( 3 ) , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Umbrellas come out during a rain delay at the French Open at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
French singer / actor Patrick Bruel talks on his phone while watching the French Open tennis at Roland Garros in Paris on May 25 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Australian Lleyton
Hewitt reacts after a shot during his French Open third - round match against Spaniard Rafael Nadal at Roland Garros in Paris on May 29 , 2010 .
Nadal defeated Hewitt 6 - 3 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 3. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Russian Nadia Petrova reacts after a shot during her French Open third - round match against Aravane Rezai of France at Roland Garros in Paris on May 29 , 2010 .
Petrova defeated Rezai 6 - 7( 2 ) , 6 - 4 , 10 - 8 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
A band entertains the crowd waiting in line before the start of play at the French Open at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Russian Alisa Kleybanova hits a shot during her French Open second - round match against Serbian Ana Ivanovic at Roland Garros in Paris on May 27 , 2010 .
Kleybanova defeated Ivanovic 6 - 3 , 6 - 0. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Robby Ginepri does a pushup on the court after taking a spill during his French Open fourth - round match against Serbian Novak Djokovic at Roland Garros in Paris on May 31 , 2010 .
Djokovic defeated Ginepri 6 - 4 , 2 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 6 - 2. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Kei Nishikori of Japan reacts after a shot during his French Open second - round match against Novak Djokovic of Serbia at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
Djokovic defeated Nishikori 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Austrian Jurgen Melzer reacts after a shot during his French Open quarterfinal match against Serbian Novak Djokovic at Roland Garros in Paris on June 2 , 2010 .
Melzer defeated Djokovic 3 - 6 , 2 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 7-6( 3 ) , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
A fan enjoys a match at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Frenchman Gianni Mina reacts after a shot during his French Open first round match against Spaniard Rafael Nadal at Roland Garros in Paris on May 25 , 2010 .
Nadal defeated Mina 6 - 2 , 6 - 2 , 6 - 2. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Australian Samantha Stosur hits a volley during her French Open fourth - round match against Belgian Justine Henin at Roland Garros in Paris on May 31 , 2010 .
Stosur defeated Henin 2 - 6 , 6 - 1 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Ground crew rushes to cover the court with a tarp as rain begins to fall at the French Open at Roland Garros in Paris on May 27 , 2010 .
UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark hits a shot during her French Open quarterfinal match against Italian Francesca Schiavone at Roland Garros in Paris on June 1 , 2010 .
Schiavone defeated Wozniacki 6 - 2 , 6 - 3. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Kimiko Date Krumm of Japan hits a shot during her French Open first round match against Russian Dinara Safina at Roland Garros in Paris on May 25 , 2010 .
Krumm defeated Safina 3 - 6 , 6-4,7-5. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero lunges for a shot during his French Open second - round match against Spaniard Pere Riba at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
Ferrero defeated Riba 7 - 6( 5 ) , 6-7( 13 ) , 6 - 2 , 6 - 2. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Russian Dinara Safina hits a shot during her French Open first round match against Kimiko Date Krumm of Japan at Roland Garros in Paris on May 25 , 2010 .
Krumm defeated Safina 3 - 6 , 6-4,7-5. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Taylor Dent hits a shot during his French Open second - round match against Robin Soderling of Sweden at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
Soderling defeated Dent 6 - 0 , 6 - 0 , 6 - 1. UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Kaia Kanepi of Estonia hits a shot during her French Open second - round match against Serbian Jelena Jankovic at Roland Garros in Paris on May 27 , 2010 .
Jankovic defeated Kanepi 6 - 2 , 3 - 6 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Alejandro Falla of Colombia hits a shot during his French Open second - round match against Roger Federer of Switzerland at Roland Garros in Paris on May 26 , 2010 .
Federer defeated Falla 7 - 6 ( 4 ) , 6 - 2 , 6 - 4 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Andy Roddick hits a shot during his French Open first round match against Jarkko Nieminen of Finland at Roland Garros in Paris on May 25 , 2010 .
Roddick defeated Nieminen 6 - 2 , 4 - 6 , 4 - 6 , 7 - 6 ( 4 ) , 6 - 3 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
American Mardy Fish reacts after a shot during his French Open second - round match against Croatian Ivan Ljubicic at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
Ljubicic defeated Fish 6 - 2 , 6 - 7( 8 ) , 4 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 10 - 8 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
Croatian Ivan Ljubicic hits a shot during his French Open second - round match against American Mardy Fish at Roland Garros in Paris on May 28 , 2010 .
Ljubicic defeated Fish 6 - 2 , 6 - 7( 8 ) , 4 - 6 , 6 - 2 , 10 - 8 . UPI / David Silpa | License Photo
“ Brave descendents of courageous Slavs !
You always smashed the teeth of the lions and tigers who sought to attack you .
Let everyone unite : with the Cross in your hearts and weapons in your hands no human force will defeat you . ”
With these words , Tsar Alexander I appealed to the Russian people to join the fight against Napoleon ’s Grande Armée , which began pouring into Russia at the end of June 1812 .
Much has been written about how and why Napoleon came to lose more than a half - million men in the Russian invasion .
Hitler and his generals even studied the ill - fated campaign hoping to avoid making similar mistakes .
But missing from western scholarship on the Napoleonic Wars is a full - fledged account of how Russia came to smash Napoleon .
With Russia Against Napoleon : The True Story of the Campaigns of War and Peace , Dominic Lieven , one of the preeminent scholars of nineteenth - century Russia , aims to fill the void , tackling not only the French invasion of 1812 , but also the battles of 1813 - 1814 .
What sets Lieven ’s book apart from the handful of other accounts is his prolific use of Russian sources , particularly regimental histories available to western researchers only since 1991 .
After Napoleon destroyed the Russian army at Austerlitz in 1805 and drove the Russians out of Poland , it was only a matter of time before another showdown occurred between the two powers .
Russia was unhappy about losing Poland and being compelled to adhere to the Continental System , which circumscribed Russia ’s ability to trade , to the detriment of its economy .
Faced with economic collapse , Tsar Alexander I decided to ignore France ’s blockade against Britain .
Napoleon , who abhorred disloyalty , vowed to make Russia see the error of its ways .
Intelligence collected by Russian agents working in Paris in 1810 , as well as military intelligence gathered in 1811 , suggested that Napoleon wanted a quick , decisive victory .
Alexander and Minister of War Mikhail Barclay de Tolly refused to give Napoleon the war he wanted .
Instead , they made plans for a long defensive war — one that would last at least two years or more .
Initially avoiding a big battle , the Russian army would systematically retreat further into Russia , drawing out and weakening French supply lines .
As Alexander explained to Prussia ’s Frederick William III : “ This system is one which has brought victory to Wellington in wearing down the French armies , and it is the one which I have resolved to follow . ”
Adopting this strategy also meant forsaking Austrian and Prussian support .
Russia would have to go it alone .
The Grande Armée began crossing the Neman River into Russia in late June 1812 , but it would take Napoleon more than two months to force engagement with the retreating Russians .
At the Battle of Borodino on September 7 , Napoleon won the day , but failed to destroy the Russian army .
As Russia ’s forces retreated , Alexander faced the choice of defending Moscow or saving the army .
He chose the army .
After installing himself in the Kremlin , Napoleon made what Lieven regards as a “ fatal mistake ” by dallying in Moscow for six weeks .
The Emperor foolishly believed that Alexander would accept his peace overtures .
He also thought he could manipulate the Cossacks into revolting or , failing that , ignite the Russian peasants into dethroning their tsar for forsaking Moscow .
After a month it became clear that Napoleon was the one who had been duped ; he had no choice but to retreat .
Lieven calls “ mostly nonsense ” the idea , posited by Napoleon and his admirers , that the brutal Russia winter destroyed the French army .
The Grandee Armée , exhausted from marching across Europe and living on poor rations , was in bad shape even before the fighting began .
Indeed , most of the army had perished by December when the weather became unusually fierce .
As Lieven writes : “ The basic point , however , is that Russian Novembers are cold , especially for exhausted men who sleep in the open , without even a tent , with very inadequate clothing , and with little food . ”
What crippled the Grande Armée was a poor supply line .
For the first half of his book , Lieven wages a surreptitious war with Leo Tolstoy ’s War and Peace , which has shaped cultural and historical perceptions of the Russian war against Napoleon .
Tolstoy the novelist celebrates the patriotism of the Russian peasant , while heaping scorn on the feeble brains of the professional soldiers .
Lieven shows that professionalism and planning — along with patriotism — carried the Russian army through to the end .
The Russians stored six months worth of food at strategic points .
They made sure that each battalion was properly outfitted .
The Russian army that met the Grand Armée was n’t a rag - tag peasant force , but a rationally - planned fighting machine .
While Tolstoy finishes his tale in 1812 , Lieven believes the real story does n’t end until 1814 , when the Russian army marches triumphant into Paris .
The experiences of 1812 resulted in a better - trained Russian army , prepared to fight the campaigns of 1813 - 1814 .
Consider the logistical accomplishment alone : 500,000 Russian soldiers were regularly fed and clothed as they fought and marched to Paris and back .
Lieven attributes the omission of the battles of 1813 - 1814 from Russia ’s grand military narrative to the fact they were fought to restore the European balance of power .
Alexander understood that defeating Napoleon and his French empire — thereby securing Russia ’s future security — required helping Prussia and Austria shake off the Napoleonic yoke as well .
If you ’re constructing a patriotic mythology , it is much easier to celebrate the sacrifices of the men who fought at Borodino to defend Russian soil than to laud the Russian contributions to the battles at Kulm , Leipzig , and Craonne , which were fought in Prussia as part of a coalition .
Lieven also throws another wrench into Russian patriotic mythology by singling out the pivotal role played by the horse .
“ In many ways the greatest hero of the Russian war effort in 1812 - 14 was not a human being but the horse , ” he writes .
The “ enormous superiority ” of the Russian light cavalry , which he regards as the most disciplined in Europe , prevented Napoleon from getting food or rest as he retreated from Moscow .
In 1814 , the cavalry intercepted French dispatches detailing Napoleon ’s plans and the weak spots in Paris ’s defense .
In addition to the corrective provided to Napoleonic military history , the book is an achievement in another regard .
Lieven paints a vivid portrait of the Russian home front , which takes the book beyond the realm of military affairs and into social history .
In order to fight Napoleon , Alexander appealed to the people ’s patriotism , religious sentiment , and xenophobic fears .
Such appeals were important when roughly one million men were drafted between 1812 and 1814 .
Alexander also adeptly courted the support of the nobility , who controlled most of the food , fodder , horses , and manpower required by the army .
Lieven is also at his best when describing the organization of a Russian regiment and the bonds that formed between the men .
Having waged a long campaign with the Russians , Lieven deserves accolades for crafting an insightful and sometimes mischievous book .
It will be difficult in the future to discuss the sweep of the Napoleonic Wars or debate what country deserves credit for defeating Napoleon without giving Russia its due .
In many ways , Lieven ’s book is akin to the works on the Eastern Front in the Second World War that have provided a corrective to the dominant Anglo - American narrative .
Hopefully , this is the first of more to come .
# 919561 +( 3496 ) - [ X ]
A : > Try playing Quake 4 on an Intel Video card .
Let us know how you get on .
B : >
It looks as good as on an ATI / Nvidia card so far ...
B : > Hang on .. frame 2 is coming up .. yup still looks good .
Direct Interfaces into the Global Brain
The intelligent Web can act as a kind of external brain , storing a huge amount of knowledge while being able to learn and to make smart inferences , thus allowing you to solve problems for which your own brain 's knowledge is too limited .
In order to use that cognitive power effectively , the distance or barrier between internal and external brain should be minimal .
At present , we are still entering questions by typing in keywords on our desktop computer , after contacting a specifically chosen search engine on the web .
This is rather slow and awkward when compared to the speed and flexibility with which our own brain thinks .
Several mechanism can be conceived to accelerate that process .
The quick spread of wireless communication and portable devices promises the constant availability of network connections , whatever your location .
Presently , a lot of research is being done on " wearable computers " , small but powerful processors which you can have on you continuously , for example attached to a belt .
You would also wear special glasses or a light helmet which allow you to see the information from the computer superimposed on a normal view of the surroundings .
Thus , the computer can constantly provide you with information about the things you see , and warn you e.g. when an important message arrives .
Rather than a virtual reality , which exists only the computer , you would see an augmented reality : a real environment augmented with information about that environment which is provided by the computer .
Such computers would use multimedia interfaces .
This would allow them to harness the full bandwidth of 3 - dimensional audio , visual and tactile perception in order to communicate information to the user 's brain .
The complementary technologies of speech or gesture recognition make the input of information by the user much easier .
For example , the wearable computers would be connected to a small microphone , in which you can speak , and a glove or sophisticated trackball kept in your pocket , with which you can steer the cursor or manipulate virtual objects .
Yet , even more direct communication between the human brain and the Web can be conceived .
First , there have already been experiments ( Wolpaw et al. , 1991 ) in which people steer a cursor on a computer screen simply by thinking about it : their brain waves associated with particular thoughts ( such as " up " , " down " , " left " or " right " ) are registered by sensors and interpreted by neural network software , which passes its interpretation on to the computer interface in the form of a command , which is then executed .
Research is also being done on neural interfaces , providing a direct connection between nerves and computer .
( see also Gregory Kovacs 's Neural Interface Project )
Once these technologies have become more sophisticated , we could imagine the following scenario : at any moment a thought might form in your brain , then be translated automatically via a neural interface to an agent or thought in the external brain , continue its development by spreading activation , and come back to your own brain in a much enriched form .
With a good enough interface , there should not really be a border between ' internal ' and ' external ' thought processes : the one would flow naturally and immediately into the other .
See Also : Richard H.C. Seabrook : The Brain - Computer Interface : Techniques for Controlling Machines Copyright© 1997 Principia Cybernetica - Referencing this page
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer ( R ) shot back this weekend at President Barack Obama with an ad defending the state 's tough , new immigration law .
Brewer 's campaign released a video in response to a joke Obama made about the new law , which compels law enforcement officials to confront individuals they suspect of being illegal immigrants , at last Saturday 's White House Correspondents ' Association dinner .
The ad outlines a variety of crimes plaguing Arizona in the past year , asserting that many of the kidnapping and narcotics - related crimes were committed by illegal immigrants from Mexico .
" The drug trafficking and border violence is out of control in Arizona and demands serious attention .
President Obama and Congress ignored several requests from Governor Brewer for help in securing the border , " Brewer spokesman Doug Cole said in a statement .
" Instead of helping , President Obama chooses to crack jokes to an adoring crowd .
Mr. President , this is not a laughing matter . "
Brewer has waged a public defense of her decision to sign the controversial measure into law , an issue on which she deliberated for some time .
Part of that defense , in addition to this ad , included an op - ed on ESPN.com this week to respond to the Phoenix Suns ' decision to wear " Los Suns " jerseys at one of their playoff games in response to the law .
See the new ad below :
Are you looking to commit suicide very slowly with food ?
KFC is here to help !
Its new Double Down sandwich is coming to a KFC sad factory near you on April 12th .
Advertisement
You see , it 's a sandwich , but instead of bread it uses fried fucking chicken .
And in between those two pieces of fried chicken ?
Bacon and cheese , of course .
And what looks like a mayonnaise of some sort , just to add some more fat to the equation .
The sandwich will be available in two forms .
The Original Recipe sandwich will set you back about 540 calories , 32g of fat and 1380 mg of sodium .
The not - as - bad - for - you Grilled Double Down totals 460 calores , 23g of fat and 1430 mg of sodium .
Advertisement
This seems like the sort of thing that should be taxed highly to pay for health care , no ?
Because anyone who eats this on a regular basis will be requiring expensive hospital visits , guaranteed .
[ Consumerist ]
About The Author Tommy is a web designer and coder currently living in Muncie , Indiana , USA .
Someday he ’ll be able to grow some facial hair .
His goal in life : Be Creative . …
More about Tommy Saylor …
Make Your Own Bookmarklets With jQuery
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Bookmarklets are small JavaScript - powered applications in link form .
Often “ one - click ” tools and functions , they ’re typically used to extend the functionality of the browser and to interact with Web services .
They can do things like post to your WordPress or Tumblr blog , submit any selected text to Google Search , or modify a current page ’s CSS … and many other things !
Because they run on JavaScript ( a client - side programming language ) , bookmarklets ( sometimes called “ favelets ” ) are supported by all major browsers on all platforms , without any additional plug-ins or software needed .
In most instances , the user can just drag the bookmarklet link to their toolbar , and that ’s it !
In this article , we ’ll go through how to make your own bookmarklets , using the jQuery JavaScript framework .
Getting Started
You can make a faux URI with JavaScript by prefacing the code with javascript : , like so :
< a href= " javascript : alert ( ' Arbitrary JS code ! ' ) ; " >
Alert !</a>
Notice that when we put it in the href attribute , we replaced what would normally be double quotes ( “ ) with single quotes ( ‘ ) , so the href attribute ’s value and JavaScript function do n’t get cut off midway .
That ’s not the only way to circumvent that problem , but it ’ll do for now .
We can take this concept as far as we want , adding multiple lines of JavaScript inside these quote marks , with each line separated by a semicolon ( ; ) , sans line break .
If your bookmarklet wo n’t need any updating later , this method of “ all inclusiveness ” will probably be fine .
For this tutorial , we ’ll be externalizing the JavaScript code and storing it in a .
JS file , which we ’ll host somewhere else .
A link to an externalized bookmarklet :
< a href= " javascript :( function ( ) {document.body.appendChild(document.createElement(' script ')).src='http://foo.bar/baz.js';})(); " >
Externalized Bookmarklet</a>
This looks for the document ’s body and appends a < script > element to it with a src we ’ve defined , in this case , “ http://foo.bar/baz.js " .
Keep in mind that if the user is on an empty tab or a place which , for some reason , has no body , nothing will happen as nothing can be appended to .
You can host that .JS file wherever is convenient , but keep bandwidth in mind if you expect a ton of traffic .
Enter jQuery
Since many of you may be familiar with the jQuery framework , we ’ll use that to build our bookmarklet .
The best way to get it inside of our .
JS file is to append it from Google ’s CDN , conditionally wrapped to only include it if necessary :
( function ( ) { // the minimum version of jQuery we want var v = " 1.3.2 " ; // check prior inclusion and version if ( window .
jQuery === undefined || window.jQuery.fn.jquery < v) { var done = false ; var script = document.createElement (" script " ) ; script.src = " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/ " + v + " /jquery.min.js " ; script.onload = script.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( ! done && (!this.readyState || this .readyState == " loaded " || this .readyState == " complete " ) ) { done = true ; initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } } ; document.getElementsByTagName( " head " ) [ 0].appendChild( script ) ; } else { initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } function initMyBookmarklet ( ) { ( window.myBookmarklet = function ( ) { // your JavaScript code goes here ! } ) ( ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
( Script appending from jQuery ’s source code , adapted by Paul Irish : http://pastie.org/462639)
That starts by defining v , the minimum version of jQuery that our code can safely use .
Using that , it then checks to see if jQuery needs to be loaded .
If so , it adds it to the page with cross - browser event handling support to run initMyBookmarklet when jQuery ’s ready .
If not , it jumps straight to initMyBookmarklet , which adds the myBookmarklet to the global window object .
Grabbing Information
Depending on what kind of bookmarklet you ’re making , it may be worthwhile to grab information from the current page .
The two most important things are document.location , which returns the page ’s URL , and document .
title , which returns the page ’s title .
You can also return any text the user may have selected , but it ’s a little more complicated :
function getSelText ( ) { var SelText = ’ ; if ( window.getSelection ) { SelText = window.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.getSelection ) { SelText = document.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.selection ) { SelText = document.selection.createRange( ) . text ; } return SelText ; }
( Modified from http://www.codetoad.com/javascript_get_selected_text.asp)
Another option is to use JavaScript ’s input function to query the user with a pop-up :
var yourname = prompt ( " What 's your name ? " , " my name ... " ) ;
Dealing with Characters
If you ’ll be putting all your JavaScript into the link itself rather than an external file , you may want a better way to nest double quotes ( as in , “ a quote ‘ within a quote ’ ” ) than just demoting them into singles .
Use " in their place ( as in , “ a quote " within a quote " ” ) :
< a href= " javascript:var%20yourname=prompt( " What %20is%20 your % 20name ? " ) ; alert % 20 ( " Hello , %20 " +yourname + " ! " ) " >
What is your name ?</a>
In that example , we also encoded the spaces into % 20 , which may be beneficial for older browsers or to make sure the link does n’t fall apart in transit somewhere .
Within JavaScript , you may sometimes need to escape quotes .
You can do so by prefacing them with a backslash ( ) :
alert ( " This is a " quote " within a quote . " ) ;
Putting It All Together
Just for fun , let ’s make a little bookmarklet that checks to see if there ’s a selected word on the page , and , if there is , searches Wikipedia and shows the results in a jQuery - animated iFrame .
We ’ll start by combining the framework from “ Enter jQuery ” with the text selection function from “ Grabbing Information ” :
( function ( ) { var v = " 1.3.2 " ; if ( window .
jQuery === undefined || window.jQuery.fn.jquery < v) { var done = false ; var script = document.createElement (" script " ) ; script.src = " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/ " + v + " /jquery.min.js " ; script.onload = script.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( ! done && (!this.readyState || this .readyState == " loaded " || this .readyState == " complete " ) ) { done = true ; initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } } ; document.getElementsByTagName( " head " ) [ 0].appendChild( script ) ; } else { initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } function initMyBookmarklet ( ) { ( window.myBookmarklet = function ( ) { function getSelText ( ) { var s = ’ ; if ( window.getSelection ) { s = window.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.getSelection ) { s = document.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.selection ) { s = document.selection.createRange( ) . text ; } return s ; } // your JavaScript code goes here ! } ) ( ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
Next , we ’ll look for any selected text and save it to a variable , “ s ” .
If there ’s nothing selected , we ’ll try to prompt the user for something :
var s = " " ; s = getSelText ( ) ; if ( s == " " ) { var s = prompt ( " Forget something ? " ) ; }
After checking to make sure we received an actual value for “ s ” , we ’ll append the new content to the document ’s body .
In it will be : a container div ( “ wikiframe ” ) , a background veil ( “ wikiframe_veil ” ) and a “ Loading … ” paragraph , the iFrame itself , and some CSS to make things look pretty and affix everything above the actual page .
if ( (s != " " ) && ( s != null ) ) { $ ( " body " ) .
append ( " < div id=' wikiframe '> < div id=' wikiframe_veil ' style= ’>
< p >Loading ...</ p> </div > < iframe src='http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?&search= "+s + " ' onload= " $ ( ' # wikiframe iframe ').slideDown( 500 ) ; " > Enable iFrames .</iframe > < style type='text/css '>
# wikiframe_veil { display : none ; position : fixed ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; background - color : rgba( 255,255,255,.25 ) ; cursor : pointer ; z- index : 900 ; } # wikiframe_veil p { color : black ; font : normal normal bold 20 px / 20 px Helvetica , sans - serif ; position : absolute ; top : 50 % ; left : 50 % ; width : 10 em ; margin : - 10 px auto 0 - 5 em ; text - align : center ; } # wikiframe iframe { display : none ; position : fixed ; top : 10 % ; left : 10 % ; width : 80 % ; height : 80 % ; z - index : 999 ; border : 10 px solid rgba ( 0,0,0,.5 ) ; margin : - 5 px 0 0 - 5 px ; } </style > < /div > " ) ; $ ( " #wikiframe_veil " ) .fadeIn ( 750 ) ; }
We set the iFrame ’s src attribute to Wikipedia ’s search URL plus “ s ” .
Its CSS sets it to display : none ; by default , so we can have it make a grander entrance when its page is loaded via its onload attribute and a jQuery animation .
After all that ’s added to the page , we ’ll fade in the background veil .
Notice the backslashes at the end of each line of appended HTML .
These allow for multiple rows and make everything easier on the eyes for editing .
Almost done , but we need to make sure these elements do n’t already exist before appending them .
We can accomplish that by throwing the above code inside a ( $ ( “ #wikiframe ” ) . length == 0 ) conditional statement , accompanied by some code to remove it all if the statement returns negative .
The end result . JS file :
( function ( ) { var v = " 1.3.2 " ; if ( window .
jQuery === undefined || window.jQuery.fn.jquery < v) { var done = false ; var script = document.createElement (" script " ) ; script.src = " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/ " + v + " /jquery.min.js " ; script.onload = script.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( ! done && (!this.readyState || this .readyState == " loaded " || this .readyState == " complete " ) ) { done = true ; initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } } ; document.getElementsByTagName( " head " ) [ 0].appendChild( script ) ; } else { initMyBookmarklet ( ) ; } function initMyBookmarklet ( ) { ( window.myBookmarklet = function ( ) { function getSelText ( ) { var s = ’ ; if ( window.getSelection ) { s = window.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.getSelection ) { s = document.getSelection ( ) ; } else if ( document.selection ) { s = document.selection.createRange( ) . text ; } return s ; } if ( $ ( " #wikiframe " ) .
length == 0 ) { var s = " " ; s = getSelText ( ) ; if ( s == " " ) { var s = prompt ( " Forget something ? " ) ; } if ( (s != " " ) && ( s != null ) ) { $ ( " body " ) .
append ( " < div id=' wikiframe '> < div id=' wikiframe_veil ' style= ’>
< p >Loading ...</ p> </div > < iframe src='http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?&search= "+s + " ' onload= " $ ( ' # wikiframe iframe ').slideDown( 500 ) ; " > Enable iFrames .</iframe > < style type='text/css '>
# wikiframe_veil { display : none ; position : fixed ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; top : 0 ; left : 0 ; background - color : rgba( 255,255,255,.25 ) ; cursor : pointer ; z- index : 900 ; } # wikiframe_veil p { color : black ; font : normal normal bold 20 px / 20 px Helvetica , sans - serif ; position : absolute ; top : 50 % ; left : 50 % ; width : 10 em ; margin : - 10 px auto 0 - 5 em ; text - align : center ; } # wikiframe iframe { display : none ; position : fixed ; top : 10 % ; left : 10 % ; width : 80 % ; height : 80 % ; z - index : 999 ; border : 10 px solid rgba ( 0,0,0,.5 ) ; margin : - 5 px 0 0 - 5 px ; } </style > < /div > " ) ; $ ( " #wikiframe_veil " ) .fadeIn ( 750 ) ; } } else { $ ( " #wikiframe_veil " ) .fadeOut( 750 ) ; $ ( " #wikiframe iframe " ) .slideUp( 500 ) ; setTimeout ( " $ ( ' # wikiframe ' ) .remove ( ) " , 750 ) ; } $ ( " #wikiframe_veil " ) .click ( function ( event ) { $ ( " #wikiframe_veil " ) .fadeOut( 750 ) ; $ ( " #wikiframe iframe " ) .slideUp( 500 ) ; setTimeout ( " $ ( ' # wikiframe ' ) .remove ( ) " , 750 ) ; } ) ; } ) ( ) ; } } ) ( ) ;
Note that we fade out and remove the “ wikiframe ” content both if the user re-clicks the bookmarklet after it ’s loaded and if the user clicks on its background veil .
The HTML bookmarklet to load that script :
< a href= " javascript :( function ( ) {if( window.myBookmarklet!==undefined){myBookmarklet();}else{document.body.appendChild(document.createElement(' script')).src='http://iamnotagoodartist.com/stuff/wikiframe2.js?';}})(); " >
WikiFrame </a>
WikiFrame
See that ( window.myBookmarklet!==undefined ) conditional ?
That makes sure the .JS file is only appended once and jumps straight to running the myBookmarklet ( ) function if it already exists .
Make It Better
This example was fun , but it definitely could be better .
For starters , it is n’t compressed .
If your script will be accessed a lot , keeping two versions of your code may be a good idea : one normal working version and one compressed minimized version .
Serving the compressed one to your users will save loading time for them and bandwidth for you .
Check the resource links below for some good JavaScript compressors .
While the bookmarklet technically works in IE6 , its use of static positioning means that it just kind of appends itself to the bottom of the page .
Not very user - friendly !
With some more time and attention to rendering differences in IE , the bookmarklet could be made to function and look the same ( or at least comparable ) in different browsers .
In our example , we used jQuery , which is an excellent tool for developing more advanced JavaScript applications .
But if your bookmarklet is simple and does n’t require a lot of CSS manipulation or animation , chances are you may not need something so advanced .
Plain old JavaScript might suffice .
Remember , the less you force the user to load , the faster their experience and the happier they will be .
Things to Keep in Mind and Best Practices
Untested code is broken code , as old - school programmers will tell you .
While bookmarklets will run on any browser that supports JavaScript , testing them in as many browsers as you can would n’t hurt .
Especially when working with CSS , a whole slew of variables can affect the way your script works .
At the very least , enlist your friends and family to test the bookmarklet on their computers and their browsers .
Speaking of CSS , remember that any content you add to a page will be affected by that page ’s CSS .
So , applying a reset to your elements to override any potentially inherited margins , paddings or font stylings would be wise .
Because bookmarklets are , by definition , extraneous , many of the guidelines for JavaScript — such as unobtrusiveness and graceful degradation — are n’t as sacred as they normally are .
For the most part , though , a healthy understanding of best practices for traditional JavaScript and its frameworks will only help you :
Develop a coding style and stick to it .
Keep it consistent , and keep it neat .
Take it easy on the browser .
Do n’t run processes that you do n’t need , and do n’t create unnecessary global variables .
Use comments where appropriate .
They make jumping back into the code later on much easier .
Avoid shorthand JavaScript .
Use plenty of semi-colons , even when your browser would let you get away without them .
Further Resources
JSLint JavaScript validation tool .
Bookmarklet Builder Made way back in 2004 , but still useful .
List of Really Useful Free Tools for JavaScript Developers Courtesy of W3 Avenue .
Courtesy of W3 Avenue .
JS Bin Open - source collaborative JavaScript debugging tool .
How to Dynamically Insert Javascript and CSS A well - written examination of JavaScript and CSS appending , and its potential pitfalls .
Run jQuery Code Bookmarklet
A pretty cool script that checks for and loads jQuery all within the bookmarklet .
Also has a handy generator .
Google AJAX Libraries API
Do you prefer Prototype or MooTools to jQuery ?
Load your preference straight from Google and save yourself the bandwidth .
JavaScript and CSS Compressors
Online Javascript Compression Tool JavaScript compressor , with both Minify and Packer methods .
Clean CSS CSS formatter and optimizer , based on csstidy , with a nice GUI and plenty of options .
Scriptalizer Combines and compresses multiple JavaScript and / or CSS files .
JavaScript Unpacker and Beautifier Useful for translating super - compressed code into something more human - legible ( and vice versa ) .
Collections
Further Reading :
About INSPIRE Collective :
Imagine an inspired art / activist collective in the middle east working for a positive society by underemphasis of politics , economy , and dogma & thru the overemphasis of art , creativity , and the dynamics of the human spirit .
We are people who know that cooperation is magic .
Visit www.inspirecollective.com
Write to us !
A Jersey City pimp who lured girls with the promise of " the good life " and then forced them into prostitution pleaded guilty Thursday to running a major
human trafficking
and
prostitution
ring , the state Attorney General 's Office said .
Allen E. Brown
, aka " Prince , " pleaded guilty to first - degree racketeering and second - degree theft by extortion before Superior Court Judge Kevin G. Callahan in Jersey City .
Under the plea agreement , the state plans to recommend that he be sentenced to 20 years in state prison , including 12 years and nine months of parole ineligibility .
Brown , 48 , is scheduled to be sentenced May 19 .
The plea agreement also calls for Brown 's mother , Tecora P. Brown , 73 , of Bayonne , to plead guilty on April 19 to third - degree promoting prostitution .
She faces probation .
The ring also included a niece and nephew of Brown's , authorities said .
" This guilty plea ensures that the defendant will serve a lengthy prison sentence , " said Attorney General Paula Dow .
" Allen Brown liked to call himself ' Prince , ' but he was the antithesis of a prince , using narcotics , violence and coercion to keep young women enslaved in a life of prostitution .
We have put an end to his reign of human exploitation . "
Brown -- who authorities say had a home in the Society Hill development in Jersey City -- admitted in court he used violence and drugs to control women and force them to engage in prostitution .
He also admitted that he extorted money from one victim who received an inheritance from her family estate , making threats against her and her family to force her to turn over the money .
The charges resulted from " Operation Red Light , " an investigation by the Division of Criminal Justice Gangs & Organized Crime Bureau and the Jersey City Police Department .
Previously , four other defendants in the case pleaded guilty .
" One by one , we are bringing those responsible to justice for this tragic case of forced prostitution , " said Criminal Justice Director Stephen J. Taylor .
" The five guilty pleas taken to date , and particularly this plea from the ringleader , are a testament to the outstanding cooperative investigation conducted by the Division of Criminal Justice and the Jersey City Police Department . "
" I would like to commend all of the individuals involved in taking down this dangerous man who preyed on women , " said Jersey City Police Chief Thomas Comey .
" Allen Brown was a leader in a human trafficking enterprise that law enforcement was able to infiltrate and dismantle .
Mr. Brown will no longer be a predator on our streets . "
The women forced to prostitute for Brown were given heroin and cocaine so Brown could control them and exploit their addiction , authorities said .
They were driven to " tracks " -- motels or streets in Jersey City and sometimes locations in other cities - where they were expected to make a certain amount of money each night turning tricks to cover their daily drug debt and provide a profit for Brown .
If they did not make the daily quota , ranging from $ 500 - $ 1,000 , they were refused drugs , beaten or denied entry into the house until the money was made .
The investigation revealed that for nearly two decades , Brown ran prostitution rings in Jersey City , coercing scores of women to prostitute for him .
Through the years , Brown had residences that served as " stables " in a number of locations in Jersey City , where he would hold women brought from other cities .
He brought women from cities including Camden , Atlantic City , Elizabeth , Newark and Philadelphia .
His last location was 18 Lyon Court in Jersey City , an upscale condo development on Newark Bay in the Society Hill section of the city .
Annie Cooper , aka " China , " 41 , of Jersey City -- the woman who acted as boss over the women for Brown -- pleaded guilty to first - degree racketeering on July 28 .
She is scheduled to be sentenced on April 16 .
Anthony Evans , 52 , and Brown 's nephew , Arthur Brown , 38 , both of Jersey City pleaded guilty to third - degree promoting prostitution .
Evans is scheduled to be sentence April 16 and Arthur Brown on May 5 .
A third man , Jerome Robinson , 31 , of Newark was indicted on similar charges and those charges are still pending .
The three transported the women to work as prostitutes and obtained drugs for them , authorities said .
Allen Brown 's niece , Tecora L. Brown , 35 , of Jersey City , previously pleaded guilty to third - degree money laundering .
Her sentencing is scheduled for May 5 .
She and Marlo Taylor , 39 , of Newark , are accused of aiding Allen Brown in laundering the proceeds from his illegal activities .
Director Taylor noted that the Division of Criminal Justice has established a toll - free Human Trafficking Hotline ( 877 ) 986-7534 for the public and law enforcement that is open 24/7 to receive reports of suspected human trafficking .
All information received through the hotline will remain confidential .
I think I just might be falling in love with this elusive breed of Democrat - with - Spine :
Subject : Palin Attacks Grayson ; Grayson Applies Calamine Lotion to the Resulting Reddish Skin
On Friday night , Sarah Palin came to Orlando , and attacked Rep. Alan Grayson .
This is what she said :
“ I got to meet quite a few candidates who are lining up in a contested primary who want to take out Alan Grayson .
And I think Alan Grayson — what can you say about Alan Grayson ?
Piper is with me tonight , so I wo n’t say anything about Alan Grayson that ca n’t be said around children .
[ Good one , Sarah ! ]
But thank you , Florida , for allowing candidates in a contested primary to duke it out over ideas and principles and values , all with the same goal , and that is unseating those who have such a disconnect from the people of America .
That ’s what the goal is here in this race against Alan Grayson .
Please fight hard , and do this for the rest of the country .
Fight hard , and send a conservative to Washington , DC . ”
Palin , the former half - term Governor , current - nothing and future - even - less , charmed the all - Republican audience with her folksy folksiness and her homespun homespunnery .
Atypically , Palin was wearing clothes that she had paid for herself .
At the end of the event , she shared her recipe for mooseface pie .
In response to Palin ’s attack on Rep Grayson , Grayson actually complimented Palin .
Grayson praised Palin for having a hand large enough to fit Grayson ’s entire name on it .
He thanked Palin for alleviating the growing shortage of platitudes in Central Florida .
Grayson added that Palin deserved credit for getting through the entire hour - long program without quitting .
Grayson also said that Palin really had mastered Palin ’s imitation of Tina Fey imitating Palin .
Grayson observed that Palin is the most - intelligent leader that the Republican Party has produced since George W. Bush .
When asked to comment about what effect Palin ’s criticism might have , Grayson pointed out , “ As the Knave ’s horse says in Alice in Wonderland , ‘ dogs will believe anything . ’ ”
Earlier , as the Orlando Sentinel reported , Grayson said , “ I ’m sure Palin knows all about politics in Central Florida , since from her porch she can see Winter Park , ” which is part of Grayson ’s district .
Grayson said that the Alaskan chillbilly was welcome to return to Central Florida anytime , as long as she brings lots of money with her , and spends it .
“ I look forward to an honest debate with Governor Palin on the issues , in the unlikely event that she ever learns anything about them , ” Grayson added , alluding to Politifact ’s “ liar , liar , pants on fire ” evaluation of much of what Palin has said .
Scientists are studying Sarah Palin ’s travel between Alaska and Florida carefully .
They hope to learn more about the flight patterns of that elusive migratory species , the wild Alaskan dingbat .
Positronium is a short - lived system in which an electron and its anti-particle are bound together .
In 2007 , physicists at the University of California , Riverside created molecular positronium , a brand - new substance , in the laboratory .
Now they have succeeded in isolating for the first time a sample of spin polarized positronium atoms .
Study results appear in the journal Physical Review Letters .
Spin is a fundamental and intrinsic property of an electron , and refers to the electron 's angular momentum .
Spin polarized atoms are atoms that are all in the same spin state .
A collection of spin polarized positronium atoms is needed to make a special form of matter , called the Bose - Einstein condensate ( BEC ) .
The BEC , predicted in 1924 and created in 1995 , allows scientists to study atoms in a unique manner .
" We achieved our result by increasing the density of the positronium atoms in our lab experiment , " said David Cassidy , the lead author of the research paper and an assistant researcher working in the laboratory of Allen Mills , a professor of physics .
" At such a high density , positronium atoms get annihilated simply by interacting with each other .
But it turns out that not all the positronium atoms get annihilated under these conditions . "
Cassidy explained that positronium atoms come in two types -- say , an up type and a down type .
The positronium atoms are only annihilated when an up type meets a down type .
Two atoms of the same type do not affect each other .
" So if you have 50 percent ups and 50 percent downs and you squeeze them all together they will totally annihilate and turn into gamma rays , " he said .
" But if you have , for example , about 66 percent ups and 33 percent downs , then only half of the ups will be destroyed .
You will get a load of gamma rays -- but in the end you will be left with only one type of atom -- in this case , up atoms .
advertisement
" This is an important development for making the BEC , " Cassidy said , " because you have effectively purified your sample of positronium .
And you need a pure collection of spin aligned atoms to make the BEC . "
When atoms are in the BEC state , they are essentially stopped ( or they move extremely slowly ) , facilitating their study .
Non-BEC atoms on the other hand whiz around at very high speeds , making them harder to study .
" There are fundamental processes that can be looked at in new ways when you have matter in the BEC state , " Mills said .
" Having Bose - condensed atoms makes it easier to probe the way they interact under certain conditions .
Moreover , to have motionless positronium atoms is an important aspect for making something called a gamma ray laser , which could have military and numerous scientific applications . "
According to Mills and Cassidy , the new research could lead also to the production of fusion power , which is power generated by nuclear fusion reactions .
" The eventual production of a positronium condensate could help us understand why the universe is made of matter and not antimatter or just pure energy , " Cassidy said .
" It could also one day help us measure the gravitational interaction of antimatter with matter .
At present , nobody knows for sure if antimatter falls up or down . "
The National Science Foundation and the U.S. Air Force supported the research .
Cassidy and Mills were joined in the study by Vincent Meligne , a graduate student in Mills 's lab .
This project goes by the name “ Imeüble ” and it ’s a shelving system that accesses not just your eyeballs and book - storing hands , it works with your mind to help you store information the same way you learn to associate words to their meanings !
The easiest comparison is one the designer uses : when you read the word “ cornfield , ” you imagine a field full of corn , not the word “ cornfield . ”
In that the shelf appears to be 2D but is actually 3D , this whole system works in the same environment of learning .
Confused ?
It ’s really quite simple and wonderful .
As you look at the shelves , they appear to be flat , sideways , weird in some way or another to your eyes .
In reality , they ’re simple plastic , shaped in a way that instills an image that ’s much stronger than it ’s actual simple function .
Thus it ’s relationship to how spoken / written words work – while the word itself is quite simple , what it represents can be quite complicated .
In this fabulous work of associations , designer Bjørn Jørund Blikstad hopes to inspire you to take another look at what storing items on these shelves really means .
Fabulovely !
Designer : Bjørn Jørund Blikstad
A new poll released on a counterculture “ holiday ” may be perceived as a major buzzkiller .
“ Most Americans still oppose legalizing marijuana but larger majorities believe pot has medical benefits and the government should allow its use for that purpose , according to an Associated Press - CNBC poll released Tuesday , ” the Associated Press reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The AP notes the poll showed that “ only 33 percent favor legalization while 55 percent oppose it .
People under 30 were the only age group favoring legalization ( 54 percent ) and opposition increased with age , topping out at 73 percent of those 65 and older .
Opposition also was prevalent among women , Republicans and those in rural and suburban areas . ”
However , the AP story notes , “ Americans are more accepting of medical marijuana .
Sixty percent support the idea and 74 percent believe the drug has a real medical benefit for some people .
Two - thirds of Democrats favor medical marijuana as do a slim majority of Republicans , 53 percent . ”
A few weeks ago , one of the most liberal Democratic US senators spoke against legalization .
In a statement issued to liberal blog Talking Points Memo , California Sen.
Barbara Boxer ’s campaign manager Rose Kapolczynski said the senator opposes a ballot measure that seeks to legalize and tax marijuana .
“ Senator Boxer does not support this initiative because she shares the concerns of police chiefs , sheriffs and other law enforcement officials that this measure could lead to an increase in crime , vehicle accidents and higher costs for local law enforcement agencies , ” Kapolczynski said .
“ She supports current law in California , which allows for the use of medicinal marijuana with a doctor ’s prescription . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The marijuana legalization measure will be on the Nov. 2 ballot as well .
If California voters approve , it will be the most comprehensive reform of marijuana laws ever undertaken in the United States .
While some states , such as Oregon , have relatively lax penalties for possession , no state has attempted to regulate and tax the herb before .
The measure ’s chances are good : A poll taken last April found that 56 percent of Californians want to see the herb legalized and taxed .
ADVERTISEMENT
In other related news today , at Huffington Post , Ryan Grim explores “ The True Story Of How April 20 Became ‘ Weed Day . ' ”
The Huffington Post chased the term back to its roots and was able to find it in a lost patch of cannabis in a Point Reyes , California forest .
Just as interesting as its origin , it turns out , is how it spread .
It starts with the Dead .
ADVERTISEMENT
More at Huffington Post
FULL AP / CNBC POLL AT THIS LINK
Economists :
Too soon to say recession is over
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The panel of economists responsible for officially deciding the length of recessions said Monday that it's " premature " to say when the recent downturn ended .
The National Bureau of Economic Research said the panel met Thursday in the hopes of determining when the economy , which slipped into recession in December 2007 , hit bottom .
" Although most indicators have turned up , the committee decided that the determination of the trough date ... would be premature , " the group said in a brief statement .
The committee said that many economic indicators are " quite preliminary " at this time and could be revised in the months ahead .
The committee bases its decisions on " actual indicators " -- not forecasts -- about economic growth , the job market and other measures .
The nation 's gross domestic product , the broadest measure of economic activity , turned positive in the second half of 2009 , according to the latest figures .
And a government report released earlier this month showed that U.S. employers added more jobs in March than any other month in the last three years .
While those and other developments have caused many economists to tentatively place the recession 's end date sometime in June or July 2009 , the economists at NBER decided they needed to wait for more definitive data before making an official determination .
" This is not at all unusual , " said Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute .
" The committee is waiting for the dust to settle completely before making the final determination . "
In past recessions , the committee has not pinpointed the end date until over a year after the economy had resumed growth .
" If anything is unusual , it 's that they 're talking at all , " Achuthan said , adding that Monday 's statement is probably a reflection of the interest that media outlets have shown in the committee 's decisions .
It 's hard to imagine something as simple as the shoebox being completely overhauled .
But Puma and Fuseproject have done just that , in a design that will completely transform the brand 's supply chain — saving millions in electricity , fuel , and water .
Advertisement
" Rethinking the shoebox is an incredibly complex problem , and the cost of cardboard and the printing waste are huge , given that 80 M are shipped from China each year , " Béhar tells FastCompany.com .
" Cargo holds in the ships can reach temperatures of 110 degrees for weeks on end , so packaging becomes an enormous problem .
This solution protects the shoes , and helps stores to stock them , while saving huge costs in materials . "
Advertisement
After spending 21 months studying box fabrication and shipping , Fuseproject realized that any improvement to that already lean system would merely be incremental .
So instead , the " clever little bag " combines the two packaging components of any shoe sale — the bag and the box — with high - tech ingenuity .
The bag tightly wraps an interior cardboard scaffolding — giving it shape and reducing cardboard use by 65 % .
Moreover , without that shiny box exterior , there 's no laminated cardboard ( which interferes with recycling ) .
There 's no tissue paper inside .
And there 's no throw - away plastic bag .
The bag itself is made of recycled PET , and it 's non-woven — woven fibers increase density and materials use — and stitched with heat , so that it 's less manufacturing intensive .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The impact : Puma estimates that the bag will slash water , energy , and fuel consumption during manufacturing alone by 60 % — in one year , that comes to a savings of 8,500 tons of paper , 20 million mega joules of electricity , 264,000 gallons of fuel , and 264 gallons of water .
Ditching the plastic bags will save 275 tones of plastic , and the lighter shipping weight will save another 132,000 gallons of diesel .
The roll - out is planned for next year .
After that ?
Hopefully , the design will become ubiquitous .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Fast Company empowers innovators to challenge convention and create the future of business .
The JooJoo 's story could have been the hackneyed one of an underdog : Unknown startup comes out of nowhere , creates a product that launches just before the iPad , and because of some clever moves and a little luck manages to topple Cupertino 's iJuggernaut .
Think of it like the plot of Mighty Ducks only with tablets instead of peewee hockey .
Except in real life , the Mighty Ducks would have been completely destroyed by the expertly trained , better - equipped kids from the rich neighborhood .
The same holds true for the JooJoo tablet , which despite a valiant attempt , is ultimately a buggy gadget without purpose that 's thoroughly trounced by the iPad .
JooJoo ( nee CrunchPad ) is a tablet from the Singapore - based company Fusion Garage .
It 's almost Apple - esque in its sleek industrial design .
Powered off , it 's a polished slab , black and shiny on the front , brushed - aluminum finish on the back .
Other than a discreet Power button , the device is fully controlled by a touchscreen .
At about 2.5 pounds , the JooJoo feels comfortable when resting on the table or if you are holding it while in bed .
But it 's definitely not a handheld device .
The JooJoo is almost a pound heavier than the iPad so if you want to carry it around or hold it in your hand like a book , it leads to some strain .
The tablet runs a custom operating system based on Linux .
Once powered on , the homescreen is divided into little square icons that connect to services such as Twitter , Flickr , Facebook , YouTube and major news sites such as The New York Times and CNN .
It 's easy and intuitive — except when you want to get online .
When you feel the need to surf , you have to swipe at a floating navigation bar at the top of the screen and enter the URL .
It 's frustrating to figure out and swipe repeatedly just to enter the website address .
Where the JooJoo does score is in the picture quality of its gorgeous touchscreen .
Scrolling is pretty smooth ( although not quite as fluid as the iPad ) and videos play beautifully , thanks to the included Flash support .
That said , the screen is often unresponsive and the device 's accelerometer can be temperamental when switching from landscape to portrait mode .
The virtual keyboard is easy to use .
It can be dragged and positioned anywhere on the screen , but it does n't stay locked in that position so you relocate it for every new page .
Also , features like automatic capitalization and predictive text input are inexplicably missing .
But once online , what do you do with a JooJoo ?
Not a hell of a lot .
There 's no 3G connectivity , only Wi-Fi .
You can't download and install programs on the JooJoo — no Google Talk or Adobe PDF reader .
And while iPad users have access to 3,400 apps the minute they turn their devices on , JooJoo customers live in an empty world .
No POP3 e-mail access or support for Microsoft Exchange either .
Watching video on JooJoo comes with its own set of quirks and glitches .
Bring up YouTube or Hulu clips and they look fine in a small window , but click into the full - screen mode and you 'll get more stalls and sputtering than a health care bill moving through Congress .
And despite the 1.6 - GHz Atom processor combined with an Nvidia Ion graphics unit , the JooJoo does n't feel zippy .
Another drawback is the battery life .
We ran the JooJoo 's battery down in about five hours — half as long as the iPad .
Commenters will likely tear into this review , accusing Wired of being biased toward Apple ( we 're not ) and unfairly bashing a perfectly good product ( which this is n't ) .
Our advice ?
If you 're in the market for a tablet but hate Apple , do n't rush out and buy a JooJoo just to prove a point .
Something better will eventually come along .
Trust us .
* Two shareholder derivative complaints filed
* Accused of breach of fiduciary duty
( Adds Goldman declining to comment , details on SEC watchdog )
NEW YORK , April 23 ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein and other bank officials have been sued by shareholders in two lawsuits related to fraud allegations brought by the federal government .
In complaints filed in New York State Supreme Court in Manhattan , Robert Rosinek and Morton Spiegel accused Goldman executives and the bank ’s entire board of breaching fiduciary duties by letting the bank enter transactions involving risky collateralized debt obligations tied to subprime mortgages .
They said the defendants had “ engaged in a systematic failure to exercise oversight ” over the transactions , known as Abacus , and did not properly vet how the deals were structured and marketed .
The plaintiffs also said the officials had failed to ensure Goldman did not represent “ conflicting interests . ”
The lapses had subjected Goldman to “ billions of dollars ” of liability and serious damage to its reputation , they said .
The lawsuits are derivative lawsuits , which shareholders bring on behalf of companies to enforce or defend rights that the companies fail to address on their own .
Goldman spokesman Ed Canaday declined to comment .
Lawyers for both plaintiffs did not return calls for comment .
The complaints were filed on Thursday and docketed on Friday .
Legal experts expect Goldman to face more litigation , including class - action complaints , after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud lawsuit on April 16 against the bank and Fabrice Tourre , whom the regulator called a key architect of Abacus .
The SEC said Goldman had failed to tell clients that securities they were buying were created by hedge fund investor John Paulson , who stood to benefit if the securities lost value .
Paulson made about $ 1 billion on Abacus , roughly the amount other investors are believed to have lost .
Late on Friday , the SEC Inspector General David Kotz , the regulator ’s watchdog , said he would examine what factors drove the SEC to file its lawsuit .
Some Republican lawmakers have implied political moves were behind the decision and the timing .
The lawsuit was announced days before the Senate was set to begin formal debate on financial reform legislation .
[ ID :nN23232748 ]
Goldman shares fell 12.8 percent on the day the SEC filed its lawsuit .
The company has called the SEC allegations unfounded .
Paulson has not been charged .
DERIVATIVE COMPLAINTS
In the derivative complaints , Rosinek and Spiegel characterized Goldman directors as “ antagonistic ” to their lawsuits , making it “ futile ” to approach them .
Thomas Dubbs , a senior partner at Labaton Sucharow LLP in New York , who specializes in class action cases , declined to comment on the Goldman litigation , but said derivative actions can face an uphill battle when shareholders do not go to the board first before suing .
“ Investors might argue that it would be an empty gesture to ask a corporation to sue its own officers and directors , ” he said .
But “ courts almost always require that hurdle to be jumped , ” he added .
The lawsuits seek declarations that the Goldman defendants violated their fiduciary duties , plus compensatory damages .
Goldman itself is a “ nominal ” defendant .
Companies sometimes accept governance changes in resolving derivative lawsuits .
The law firm Faruqi & Faruqi LLP in New York represents both plaintiffs .
Spiegel is also represented by Gardy & Notis LLP of Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey .
The cases are Rosinek v. Blankfein et al , New York State Supreme Court , New York County , No. 650318/2010 , and Spiegel v. Blankfein et al in the same court , No. 650319/2010 .
( Reporting by Grant McCool and Jonathan Stempel ; additional reporting by Steve Eder ; editing by Ted Kerr and Andre Grenon )
Parliament has given overwhelming support to a tobacco tax increase that will raise the price of a pack of 20 cigarettes by about a dollar to around $ 11 , effective from midnight , with two more hikes in the pipeline .
After a debate under urgency tonight the bill was passed into law on a vote of 118 - 4 with all parties except ACT giving it full backing .
ACT split its vote with one MP supporting the bill - John Boscawen - and the other four opposing it .
It has put in place three excise duty increases of 10 percent - one at midnight , the next on January 1 and the third on January 1 2012 .
Loose tobacco used by pipe smokers and to make roll your own cigarettes is being socked with a 14 percent increase immediately to bring it into line with cigarettes , and then the 10 percent rises that affect all tobacco products .
Because the increases are cumulative , prices will rise by about 33 percent over the next two years .
When the final increase takes place a packet of 20 cigarettes will cost around $ 14 and a 30 gram pouch of loose tobacco about $ 30 .
The Government , which gets about $ 1 billion a year in tobacco excise , can expect to gather an estimated $ 200 million more .
Associate Health Minister Tariana Turia , a strong anti-smoking campaigner , introduced the bill and said the debate on it was going to be about life and death .
" We know that putting up the price is a powerful tool to reduce smoking , " she said .
" It forces people to cut back , but more importantly it provides a strong incentive for smokers to quit and helps dissuade young people from over starting to smoke . "
The Quit Group said it was preparing to see the number of people contacting Quitline for help to quit smoking to double or even triple .
" The last time we saw a significant taxation increase for tobacco was back in May 2000 .
Overnight we saw our call volumes almost triple from 6000 to 16,000 calls per month , " Quit Group chief executive Paula Snowden said .
" We fully expect to see an increase in quit attempts , which is great , and our advisors are there to help people using the tax increases as a prompt for thinking about those other , more sustainable reasons for overcoming their addiction . "
While it took on average six serious attempts to break the habit for good , those who contacted Quitline were five times more likely to succeed , she said .
Mrs Turia said 21 percent of New Zealanders over 15 were smokers and tobacco caused 5000 deaths a year .
" For too many years we 've turned a blind eye to this ... the price of cigarettes has plateaued and the reduction in the number of smokers has stalled , " she said .
" Helping smokers quit is a priority of this government and one of our health targets . "
Labour supported the move , with associate health spokesman Iain Lees - Galloway saying the party had consistently argued for measures that encouraged people to quit smoking .
" Sadly , legislation to increase the price of tobacco does not address issues such as point of sale advertising , " he said .
" Tariana Turia says she personally supports removing point of sale tobacco advertising , so why is n't it happening ? "
ACT MP Sir Roger Douglas said the Government was already getting about $ 1 billion a year in tobacco excise , and the increase would disproportionately impact on poor people .
" You have to weigh up the benefits that might or might not flow from this with individual freedom , " he said .
" The ' I know what 's best for you ' mentality is getting out of hand ... our flight from individual responsibility never ends . "
Sir Roger said that if the Government believed that raising the price of tobacco really worked , it should increase it by much more .
" Why not put it up 600 percent , then you would fix it , " he said .
Action on Smoking and Health ( ASH ) said it expected some smokers would quit in response to the tax increase .
" However a bigger increase would have resulted in great numbers of smokers quitting , " said ASH director Ben Youdan .
Last year the tobacco industry discounted prices heavily by around $ 1 per packet , so even with this increase we are treading water in terms of tobacco affordability , he said .
The Salvation Army said it applauded the move , but wished the Government had the courage to act as harshly against alcohol .
" We hope a government willing to recognise the harm tobacco causes will have the courage to more heavily tax alcohol , which has even wider community costs and detriments , " Salvation Army spokesperson Major Campbell Roberts said .
The Drug Foundation said the decision on tobacco put the prime minister 's rejection of an excise increase for alcohol in stark contrast .
" International and local experience consistently shows the effectiveness of excise tax increases on changing smokers ' behaviour - it helps current smokers cut down and deters potential new smokers from starting , " foundation executive director Ross Bell said .
The Royal New Zealand College of General Practitioners welcomed the excise tax , saying it would improve the health of many people .
Despite progress in tobacco control , more than one in five New Zealanders still smoke tobacco regularly and smoking prevalence was much higher for Pacific peoples ( 28 percent ) and Maori ( 44 percent ) , the college said .
The past 24 hours have been completely consumed by putting together this list !
I wanted to stick to it and finish it because everyone found it really useful last time for discovering new cycling blogs and all the bloggers that made it onto the list were very grateful for the traffic boost to their sites .
There have been some fantastic new entries onto the list .
Bike 198 which I can’t believe I missed last time , Prolly is Not Probably again a stupid miss on my part and Cycling Tips which has grown into one of my favourite blogs .
I ’ve labelled in green the blogs that have moved up the list and orange for any new entries .
Have I missed you out ?
Unfortunately a couple of blogs that I absolutely love did n’t make it into the top 50 this time .
This is mainly due to the number of new entries .
If you get some time checkout Bike Noob , Treadly and An Adventure Called Bicycling .
There are plenty more blogs that I love and I follow but I have to draw the line somewhere .
If your blog was not included then please let me know about it and I ’ll add it to the list of blogs I ’m considering for the next update .
How did I pick top 50 ?
I visit every single cycling blog I ’ve ever heard of and I note down certain things such as the number of comments in the last 5 posts ( excluding most recent post ) , Alexa rank and Google inlinks .
Then each of the attributes gets a score , it is normalised and an average is calculated .
It basically involves a lot of Excel formulas and plenty of data checking !
I also have a few criteria ’s such as : the blogs have to be active and not aimed solely at selling stuff .
Any more interesting stats ?
Highest Alexa rank : Bike 198
Highest number of comments : Bike Snob NYC
See also :
wonderflは、サイト上でFlashをつくることのできるサービス。
通常Flashをつくるためには 、Flash IDEやFlex、FlashDevelop等といったツールを使って、コードを書き、コンパイルする必要がありますが、wonderflでは、サイトにあるフォームにActionscript3のコードを書けば、サーバサイドでコンパイルを行えます。
つまり、ブラウザさえあれば 、Flashをつくれます。コンパイル結果はサイト上に表示され、作成されたFlash（swf）はページ上に自動的に表示されるので、完成したFlashをリアルタイムに見ながらコードを書くことができます。
※ API として、はてな OpenIDを使用してネットにさえつながれば、誰もがFlashクリエイターになれます。世界中のFlashクリエイターがユーザーになるwonderflは、
文字通り、世界のFlash図鑑となっています。
2009年7月、サイトの特性を生かして、世界初のActionScript天下一武道会「CHECKMATE」というオンラインイベントを開催。 これからFlashをはじめる方はもちろん、プロフェッショナルなFlashクリエイターも楽しめる内容になっています。
Flashクリエイターのワールドスタンダードなサイトになるべく絶賛運営中。
Posted 2010 - 04-09 , evaluated by djpretzel
WAT !?
TF2 MIX ON OCR ?
We certainly know a lot of folks in the community play it , but I 'm proud to say that we 've finally got a ReMix to accompany the addiction , courtesy the one and only zircon , who writes :
" I do n't normally do full - on , ' hard ' electronica in my remixes but this is probably as close as I 've come .
At first , I wanted to do an electro house remix , but then I remembered that electro house is boring so it ended up being some twisted fusion of dance genres .
" Playing With Danger " is a rather minimal source but the bassline is so awesome that I spent most of my time on that part , with " Right Behind You " showing up as a cameo a bit later .
To any other ReMixers ; virtually every synth is either Zebra or Massive , and most of the fun processing comes from dBlue Glitch ( automated ) .
Enjoy ! "
For some reason , many of the mixes we receive from TF / TF2 and other FPS sources like Counter - Strike often fall into the " not much more than loops & sound effects " category , but this is Andy , so we 're safe from that particular fate .
Things intro with a gnarly , snarled synth and solid thud kick , then a downright obese synth bass ( " heavy , " you might say ... ) comes in with a seriously thick beat .
Nice triplet saw motif and running pads , then a synth bass - driven segue into bongo / ethnic percussion land for the second half .
The variety of aggressive , twisted textures here is impressive - like the different classes in the game itself , each synth seems to have its own personality & specialty , and they all work together ( c'mon , you knew it was coming ... ) as a TEAM .
It 's taken awhile , but TF2 finally has some representation on OCR , and I have to think that this mix would be fun as hell to play the game to .
It 's zircon , so you should n't really have to be reassured , but this is some damn fine electronica I think even those who 've never played the game , or suck at it like me , should enjoy - along with the hardcore players and law - abiding engineers of the world .
Great stuff .
Daring to speculate in the absence of well - confirmed theory , Carroll jumps from clue to clue , from black hole physics to string theory to the holographic principle , until he arrives at his destination : an eternal “ mother space - time ” from which a multiverse of baby universes are continually bubbling up and pinching off .
The mother space - time is a high entropy vacuum that gives birth to universes like our own , some of which we can expect to begin with low entropy .
Problem solved , says Carroll , because that is natural .
Carroll seems slightly embarrassed by the many leaps of faith he asks of his reader in proposing this solution , and the prose of Part IV sometimes reads like the pitch of an honest used - car salesman : “ This car is a dream !
True , the tyres are bald , brakes unsound and transmission sticky , but you ’ll love it ! ”
Carroll and other peddlers of multiverses make us an offer : we will explain the unexplained if you add vast unconfirmable matters of fact into your ontology .
In this case that includes a host of disconnected baby universes , an eternal mother universe entirely unlike ours , and half a dozen unknown mechanisms to get all this working .
Assuming this explains the low entropy past – and with so much unknown it is hard to be sure another conspiracy is n’t lurking within – is this a good deal ?
In most cases I do n’t think so .
Why is Manchester United perennially a good soccer team ?
Surely most solutions of the laws of physics do n’t have them winning so much .
How unnatural ( and unfair ) those initial conditions are !
Nonetheless , a frothy sea of baby universes tempts no one .
We shrug and say , that ’s just the way it is .
Sometimes it is best not to scratch explanatory itches .
In honor of our nation ’s new frontier , I ’m doing my part to change the country the best way I know how …by dining out … green !
Okay , I know the words “ green , ” “ sustainable , ” and “ local ” are thrown around as frequently as Rachel Ray ’s “ Yum - o ! ” these days , but this list promises to inform and correct any misconceptions about our beloved city ’s culinary conscientiousness .
We ’re not quite San Fran just yet , but we ’re closing the gap …
Better still , testing out my picks tastes great !
From French fries , to ice cream , to the fancy dining destinations Celest makes me put on heels and a dress for , my personal green criterion varies from the standard guidelines of all “ certified organic ” all the time .
I may not be as much of a slave to slow food as Kimberly , but taking baby steps in the direction of responsible dining is an easy place to start , and it DOES NOT mean a lack of options or taste .
‘ Cause for even the pickiest eaters , like me , there are plenty of ways to Go Green in NYC !
But just like a proud Mamma , I could n’t possibly choose between my babies .
So here are a few favorites … alphabetically listed , to play fair .
Top 20 Green Go -To Grub - Hubs
1. Best Simple and Sexy : Back Forty
Peter Hoffman ’s less fancy Savoy , a place that really helped launch the whole “ seasonal menu ” idea in NYC in the first place .
Chef Hoffman can be seen daily at the greenmarket , buying what ’s fresh .
The bar and all the tables in the restaurant are made out of recycled wood .
But there ’s nothing bland about beet and bleu cheese risotto balls and apple cider doughnuts .
Location : 190 Ave B ( East Village )
Kitchen Hours : Mon-Thu 6 pm - 12 am ; Fri 6 pm - 12 am ; Sat 12 pm - 12 am ; Sun 12 pm -3:30 pm
Standard Order : Risotto balls $ 6 , Apple Cider Doughnuts $ 7
2. Best Effort : Birdbath Bakery
This “ neighborhood green bakery ” is brought to you by City Bakery and it is SERIOUS about being green .
All the cups here are made of corn ( which is biodegradable ) and the walls of wheat .
Weird sounding , yes , but really good ‘n green !
The counter is made of recycled paper and the floors are reclaimed wood .
The place is wind - powered .
The paint is non-toxic , the light fixtures are vintage …EVERYTHING strives to be green in this village bakery .
Oversized cookies , distinctive raspberry muffins , and chocolate croissants will delight you .
Location : 223 1st Ave nr. 14th St. ( East Village ) and 145 7th Ave South ( West Village )
Kitchen Hours : Sunrise to 10 pm ( or last cookie standing … ) , 7 days a week
Standard Order : “ Green Energy ” Cookies $ 1.00
3. Best Farm to Table : Blue Hill Stone Barns
My wallet shudders at the thought that the tasting menu is now the only option available , but when Kimberly had a meal prepared especially for her by Chef Dan Barber , she raved .
Everyone gets a meal based on their preferences ( a real draw for picky eaters like me ! ) and can have wines paired with each course .
The best time to go is late summer / early fall because it ’s prime time for local produce .
Be sure and take a tour of the farm ; you ’ll literally see it , smell it and then eat it moments later .
This is New York ’s legit farm - to - table experience .
Location : ( Tarrytown , NY )
Kitchen Hours : Sun , Wed , Thurs 5 - 10 pm ; Fri , Sat 5 - 11 pm ; Sun 11:30 am - 2pm
Standard Order : Seasonal and made to order for each individual !
Tasting Menu ~ 5 course $ 95 , Farmer ’s Feast $ 125 , 4 - course lunch $ 68
4. Best Brooklyn : Blue Marble Ice Cream
I ’m so lucky because this place is SO close to my house !
In the summer , I ’m tempted to make daily visits .
They serve AMAZING ice cream , made of all - natural , fresh , and local ingredients .
And , they ’re cool ( sorry for the pun ) because they turned to local businesses and architects to design their shop ; now they use wind and water energy to power their business !
The strawberry ice cream is by far the BEST EVER .
For those more adventurous , try the purest damn vanilla you ’ve ever had , with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar .
The shakes are made with old fashioned soda shop machines , giving the maximum vibe of authenticity .
Kimberly goes gaga for their brownies and Celest has given their coffee her seal of approval .
Shhh … I ’ve been known to double - fist a shake and a cone !
Location : 420 Atlantic Ave ( Boerum Hill , Brooklyn )
Kitchen Hours : Mon-Thu 8 am - 10 pm ; Fri-Sat 9am - 11 pm ; Sun 9 am - 10 pm
Standard Order : 3 scoops for $ 4.50
5. Best Secret : Brown Café
Along with their two , sister businesses Orange ( an event space ) and Green ( catering ) , they “ focus on organically grown local produce , free range meats , and fish from conscientious purveyors . ”
Desserts are to die for – apple crisp with honey , powdered sugar , mascarpone , chestnuts and house made peanut butter gelato .
All wines are small batch , organic and / or biodynamic .
Location : 61 Hester Street ( Lower East Side )
Kitchen Hours : breakfast / brunch 9 am - 5:30 pm , 7 days a week ; dinner 6:30 pm- 11 pm , Tues. -Sat .
Standard Order : brown breakfast platter $ 11 , grass fed flank steak $ 20
6. Best Communal Table : Bussaco
There ’s plenty of Brooklyn buzz at this Park Slope newcomer , and Kimberly ’s brother ’s best friend is cooking on the line .
Committed to sustainable , local food and décor , there ’s a wine bar and a large wooden communal table ; you ca n’t get more rustic and natural than this .
Location : 833 Union St. ( Park Slope , Brooklyn )
Kitchen Hours : Bar Menu : Sun-Thurs 5 - 11 ; Fri-Sat 5 - 12 am ; Dinner Menu : Sun-Thurs 6 pm - 11 pm ; Fri-Sat 6 pm- 11:30 pm , Brunch : Sat - Sun 11 am - 3pm
Standard Order : Braised Short Ribs $ 12
7. Best Green Amongst Greenery : Central Park Boat House
This classic New York spot is undeniably pretty and offers the only lake - view dining in the city .
You can row boats on the river as part of your romantic evening .
Doing their part to be responsibly green , the menu here features seasonal ingredients .
Nearby atmosphere includes housing for over 26 butterfly species and a bird observational that deems qualifications from the Park and Wildlife association ( all outside the restaurant of course … )
Location : 72nd St. and Park Dr. N. – ( Central Park )
Kitchen hours : ( subject to change with season , April - Nov ) Lunch : 12 pm - 4 pm , Dinner 5:30 pm- 9:30 pm ( last reservation ) Brunch : 9:30 am - 4pm
Standard Order : adding to the cliché , go with the Filet of Beef $ 31
8. Best Italian : Del Posto
The inspiration behind this place comes from some of the best Italian food minds of our time : Lidia Bastianich and Mario Batali .
Its menu , service , and ambiance reflect all things Italian , while in an American style .
It ’s the greatest attempt to put “ Italian cooking on the same level as high French cuisine ” in a green way .
The in - house water program does n’t hurt either .
Location : 85 10th Ave nr 16th St. ( Meatpacking )
Kitchen Hours : Mon-Tues 5:30 - 11 pm ; Wed - Fri 12 pm - 2 pm , 5:30 pm-11 pm ; Sat 4:30 pm-11 pm ; Sun 4:30 pm- 10 pm
Standard Order :
If you have the budget , go for the Roman Tasting Menu $ 120 which offers 7 plates
9. Best all Veggie : Dirt Candy
From its name , you might correctly imagine that the menu here includes many , many vegetables .
On her blog , Chef Amanda Cohen boldly declares , “ I do n’t care about your health .
And I do n’t care about your politics either . ”
What she does care about are your taste buds .
This new place is as passionate about making perfect vegetable dishes as Peter Lugar is with his steaks .
It makes my list , in part , because a lot of what ’ll be on your plate here will literally be green .
Location : 430 E. 9th St. ( East Village )
Kitchen Hours : Tues - Sat 5:30 pm-11 pm
Standard Order : try the Jalapeno Hush Puppies served with Maple Butter $ 6
10 . Best Foreign Fusion Spin on Green : Elettaria
Another in - house water system , but here Chef Akhtar Nawab serves up food that combines French , African , and Indian flavors in a restaurant that looks as trendy and romantic as it sounds .
Nawab has run several kitchens around town , but this is by far the most refined and greenest .
Favorites include deep - fried quail , sweetbreads , and tasty crepinettes of pig ’s trotter ( Ha…just kidding !
I wo n’t eat any of those things , but if you ’re a little more adventurous than the average bear , you will , and you ’ll love them here ) .
Location : 33 W. 8th St. ( East Village )
Kitchen Hours : daily 5:30 pm-11:30 pm
Standard Order : Duck $ 25
To be continued …
Call for Elections to be Halted , Government Seized
Publication Demands “ Interim Military Dictatorship ” for America , says Scaife publication
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
( UNEDITED TEXT BELOW )
Newsmax published it but pulled it quickly but not until it was sent to every senior member of Americas military .
I got it from a former military intelligence officer .
It has done the circuit there .
The call I received , from a retired senior intelligence officer and former Defense Attache to Israel went like this , “ Gordie , What do you think of this thing ?
There is only one way to read it , they are calling for the assassination of the president . ”
NewsMax is part of the stable of right wing publications in the Richard Mellon Scaife stable .
The title of the Newsmax column :
“ OBAMA RISKS A DOMESTIC MILITARY INTERVENTION ”
The piece itself is n’t reporting anything , its purpose is simple , it is advocating a military coup and the end of the United States of America as a free and democratic republic , using “ weasel words ” at times , and at times being as direct as a brick in the face .
Newsmax makes a case , addressing the officer corps of the United States military , as to why our government has to be removed .
Newsmax begins to make his case :
Military intervention is what Obama ’s exponentially accelerating agenda for “ fundamental change ” toward a Marxist state is inviting upon America .
A coup is not an ideal option , but Obama ’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible .
Unthinkable ?
Then think up an alternative , non-violent solution to the Obama problem .
Just do n’t shrug and say , “ We can always worry about that later . ”
TIMING , WHY NEWSMAX AND WHY NOW ?
For the first time in years , senior members of Americas military led by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Admiral Mike Mullen and head of the army ’s Central Command , General Petraeus , have stepped up to derail an Israeli plan to push phony intelligence on the US as they did with Iraq in order to support an invasion of Iran , an attack seen by top American military leaders as both unwarranted and a potential disaster .
Israel ’s answer was to go to congress and retired officers , bags of cash in hand , to garner support , newspaper ads and finally this act of desparation , an attempt to find conspirators inside the US military willing to commit treason .
Faced with the withdrawal of US forces from Iraq and Secretary Gates proposed downsizing of the military , the clock is ticking on Israel ’s plan to push America into war against Iran while adequate forces for an attack , although logistically prohibitive , politically destabilizing and politically suicidal for America .
Additionally , current regulatory legislation before congress , promoted by President Obama , is designed to break the back of Israel ’s control of American banking and their stranglehold on the American economy .
Of the largest threats to America ’s economic survival , “ dual citizens , ” those with both Israeli and American passports head companies most threatened by new regulations meant to prevent future “ pump and dump ” attacks on the US economy .
If Obama is left alive , the ability to run games like the sub - prime mortgage fraud will end , and with it , billions stolen from middle class Americans .
Israel has no extradition .
WHAT NEWSMAX ACTUALLY SAID
A piece , carefully avoiding treason in some areas and not so well in others , this was written to inflame and induce members of the American military to “ act ” against our government , something impossible , as we were advised by intelligence experts , unless begun with a presidential assassination .
This is how they begin , making their case :
There is a remote , although gaining , possibility America ’s military will intervene as a last resort to resolve the “ Obama problem . ”
Do n’t dismiss it as unrealistic .
America is n’t the Third World .
If a military coup does occur here it will be civilized .
That it has never happened does n’t mean it wont .
Describing what may be afoot is not to advocate it .
So , view the following through military eyes :
Following this introduction , Newsmax makes its case , line by line , for why it is vital that military leaders attack their own country :
# Officers swear to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic . ”
Unlike enlisted personnel , they do not swear to “ obey the orders of the president of the United States . ”
( Note : An attempt to establish a basis for abandoning rule by civil government by voiding real Constitutional protections . )
# Top military officers can see the Constitution they are sworn to defend being trampled as American institutions and enterprises are nationalized .
( Here , Newsmax panders to right wing elitists in the military , many of whom accept gratuities from Israel . )
# They can see that Americans are increasingly alarmed that this nation , under President Barack Obama , may not even be recognizable as American by the 2012 election , in which he will surely seek continuation in office .
( Newsmax uses “ birther / turfer ” conspiracy theory as a rationale for treason . )
# They can see that the economy — ravaged by deficits , taxes , unemployment , and impending inflation — is financially reliant on foreign lender governments .
( Newsmax is oblivious to the fact that the Bush administration they supported was responsible for every issue and that financial deregulation , tax cuts for the rich and disasterous wars are the root of the economic collapse , that and massive Bush era corruption and spending )
# They can see this president waging undeclared war on the intelligence community , without whose rigorous and independent functions the armed services are rendered blind in an ever - more hostile world overseas and at home .
( The “ intelligence community ” Newsmax is talking about is the Mossad , where they get their marching orders .
No such issue with the American intelligence community exists . )
# They can see the dismantling of defenses against missiles targeted at this nation by avowed enemies , even as America ’s troop strength is allowed to sag .
( Statement is utterly absurd , unsound and can be construed as nothing but “ big lie ” propaganda meant to frighten Americans into allowing military dictatorship under Israeli control . )
# They can see the horror of major warfare erupting simultaneously in two , and possibly three , far - flung theaters before America can react in time .
( Another absurd “ scare tactic ” misstatement using “ big lie ” rationale . )
# They can see the nation ’s safety and their own military establishments and honor placed in jeopardy as never before .
( Newsmax is offering a thinly veiled promise of reward to those who betray America .
Military dictatorship would put power and wealth in the hands of any involved in a treasonous coup , the use of the term “ honor ” tied to an act of treason is particularly humorous . )
IS THIS A CALL TO ARMS AGAINST AMERICA ?
Making the case for the end of America ’s government and freedoms is n’t anything new .
America was threatened with a military coup in 1934 using almost idential language .
Wall Street bankers and members of the American Legion banded together in what is now called the “ Business Plot ” in an attempt to install a fascist dictatorship in America based on the Nazi German model , then seen as a basis for saving America from control by a “ Jewish conspiracy . ”
The first attempt to scare America also sets the stage for a nuclear attack on the US , an attack meant to be blamed on Pakistan .
Pakistan has one of the worlds largest and best trained military forces but is plagued by terrorists supported by , would you have guessed it , Israel .
Israel continually warns of Paksitan ’s nuclear weapons being stolen and Israel is the country that has been training and supplying the terrorist that Israel says constitutes the threat .
“ Wait until this president bungles into losing the war in Afghanistan , and Pakistan ’s arsenal of nuclear bombs falls into the hands of militant Islam ? ”
America is very aware of the high security protecting Pakistan ’s nuclear weapons .
However , no American has ever been able to find out how secure Israeli nukes are or the nuclear weapons Israel supplied to South Africa in 1975 .
This article from The Guardian tells of the Israeli deceptions :
Secret South African documents reveal that Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to the apartheid regime , providing the first official documentary evidence of the state ’s possession of nuclear weapons .
The “ top secret ” minutes of meetings between senior officials from the two countries in 1975 show that South Africa ’s defence minister , PW Botha , asked for the warheads and Shimon Peres , then Israel ’s defence minister and now its president , responded by offering them “ in three sizes ” .
The two men also signed a broad - ranging agreement governing military ties between the two countries that included a clause declaring that “ the very existence of this agreement ” was to remain secret .
The documents , uncovered by an American academic , Sasha Polakow - Suransky , in research for a book on the close relationship between the two countries , provide evidence that Israel has nuclear weapons despite its policy of “ ambiguity ” in neither confirming nor denying their existence .
The Israeli authorities tried to stop South Africa ’s post - apartheid government declassifying the documents at Polakow - Suransky ’s request and the revelations will be an embarrassment , particularly as this week ’s nuclear non-proliferation talks in New York focus on the Middle East .
They will also undermine Israel ’s attempts to suggest that , if it has nuclear weapons , it is a “ responsible ” power that would not misuse them , whereas countries such as Iran can not be trusted .
“ BIG LIE ” SCARE CLEARLY “ OVER THE TOP ” AT NEWSMAX
Using tactics more closely aligned with used car sales and peddling vacuum cleaners door to door , Newsmax clearly goes over the top in selling the idea of overthrowing America ’s government .
Putting an attractive bow on packaged treason without looking blatantly foolish is difficult for the compentent and sane and is clearly impossible for “ others . ”
Wait until Israel is forced to launch air strikes on Iran ’s nuclear - bomb plants , and the Middle East explodes , destabilizing or subjugating the Free World ?
( Note : No US intelligence agency has ever reported a nuclear bomb plant in Iran .
However , Israel ’s Mossad makes this claim regularly . )
What happens if the generals Obama sent to win the Afghan war are told by this president ( who now says , “ I ’m not interested in victory ” ) that they will be denied troops they must have to win ?
Do they follow orders they cannot carry out , consistent with their oath of duty ?
Do they resign en masse ?
( Newsmax ducks direct treason by the “ clever ” use of statements as questions . )
Or do they soldier on , hoping the 2010 congressional elections will reverse the situation ?
Do they dare gamble the national survival on such political whims ?
( More attempts to avoid direct treason by advocating direct overthrow of all civilian government , a call to use the military to stop free elections , carefully worded as a question . )
Will the day come when patriotic general and flag officers sit down with the president , or with those who control him , and work out the national equivalent of a “ family intervention , ” with some form of limited , shared responsibility ?
( Newsmax states that the president is controlled by a secret group .
Could Obama be a Freemason or is it the Illuminati again ? )
Imagine a bloodless coup to restore and defend the Constitution through an interim administration that would do the serious business of governing and defending the nation .
Skilled , military - trained , nation - builders would replace accountability - challenged , radical - left commissars .
Having bonded with his twin teleprompters , the president would be detailed for ceremonial speech - making .
( THE LINE IS CROSSED .
DO ANY QUESTION THAT THIS IS A DIRECT CALL TO OVERTHROW AMERICA ? )
Military intervention is what Obama ’s exponentially accelerating agenda for “ fundamental change ” toward a Marxist state is inviting upon America .
A coup is not an ideal option , but Obama ’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible .
( CALL FOR COUP DEFENDED USING “ WEASEL WORD ” CALL FOR TREASON )
Unthinkable ?
Then think up an alternative , non-violent solution to the Obama problem .
Just do n’t shrug and say , “ We can always worry about that later . ”
( CLEAR AND SIMPLE LANGUAGE HERE , VIOLENT REVOLUTION IS BEING ADVOCATED )
JEFF GATES : STAGE FOR OBAMA ASSASSINATION SET MONTHS AGO
Author Jeff Gates describes how the assassination of President Obama may well be part of a broader plan already set in motion :
Yet how could an assassin reach the most closely guarded president of modern times ?
The plausibility of a security breach has already been pre-staged .
At the first state dinner by Obama , two aspiring contestants for a reality television show foiled White House security to come within handshake distance of the president .
Bodyguards were protecting Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin when in November 1995 a Likud Party member shot him at close range .
Assassin Yigal Amir invoked a concept from ultra-orthodox Judaism to justify his murder of Rabin as a threat to Jews living in the settlements .
Likud Party leader Benjamin Netanyahu led a series of rallies that Rabin described as provoking violence .
Netanyahu was elected Prime Minister in June 1996 and immediately sought to inhibit implementation of the Oslo land - for - peace process agreed to by Rabin .
Should pro-Israeli extremists detect an inclination by Barack Obama to endorse a return of Palestinian land to the Palestinians , the likelihood of his assassination will greatly increase .
For his death to appear plausibly due to an Islamic source requires pre-staging akin to what is now ongoing .
To displace facts with what the public can be induced to believe requires a period of mental preparation in order to make misdirection believable .
A DIRECT CHALLENGE TO THE ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES : WHEN IS TREASON TREASON ?
There is little question but that this would never have been written if powerful forces were n’t aligned behind it .
There is little question that this would never have been written unless it were assumed that President Obama was , in fact , already controlled by advisers that would allow him to be overthrown and even murdered in a violent coup , either out of weakness or complicity .
President Obama ’s history of avoiding criminal prosecutions for torture , war crimes , spying , treason , massive corruption and other charges as part of a policy of “ forgive and forget ” and “ moving forward ” has clearly empowered the kind of desparate acts we see here .
If this article was received from any source other than through military channels , it would be different .
This is in the hands of every senior officer , ever intelligence operative , every person capable of “ executive action ” against America .
The idea is obvious , provide the motive , perhaps even the means to those with the opportunity for treason and murder .
As the retired US Army Special Forces Colonel ( ret ) who sent me this said , “ There is no way for this to work without killing the president first .
They had to know that . ”
( Article “ pulled ” from Newsmax site )
Obama Risks a Domestic Military Intervention
By : John L. Perry
There is a remote , although gaining , possibility America ’s military will intervene as a last resort to resolve the “ Obama problem . ”
Do n’t dismiss it as unrealistic .
America is n’t the Third World .
If a military coup does occur here it will be civilized .
That it has never happened does n’t mean it wont .
Describing what may be afoot is not to advocate it .
So , view the following through military eyes : # Officers swear to “ support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies , foreign and domestic . ”
Unlike enlisted personnel , they do not swear to “ obey the orders of the president of the United States . ” #
Top military officers can see the Constitution they are sworn to defend being trampled as American institutions and enterprises are nationalized .
#
They can see that Americans are increasingly alarmed that this nation , under President Barack Obama , may not even be recognizable as America by the 2012 election , in which he will surely seek continuation in office .
#
They can see that the economy — ravaged by deficits , taxes , unemployment , and impending inflation — is financially reliant on foreign lender governments .
#
They can see this president waging undeclared war on the intelligence community , without whose rigorous and independent functions the armed services are rendered blind in an ever - more hostile world overseas and at home .
#
They can see the dismantling of defenses against missiles targeted at this nation by avowed enemies , even as America ’s troop strength is allowed to sag .
#
They can see the horror of major warfare erupting simultaneously in two , and possibly three , far - flung theaters before America can react in time .
#
They can see the nation ’s safety and their own military establishments and honor placed in jeopardy as never before .
So , if you are one of those observant military professionals , what do you do ?
Wait until this president bungles into losing the war in Afghanistan , and Pakistan ’s arsenal of nuclear bombs falls into the hands of militant Islam ?
Wait until Israel is forced to launch air strikes on Iran ’s nuclear - bomb plants , and the Middle East explodes , destabilizing or subjugating the Free World ?
What happens if the generals Obama sent to win the Afghan war are told by this president ( who now says , “ I ’m not interested in victory ” ) that they will be denied troops they must have to win ?
Do they follow orders they cannot carry out , consistent with their oath of duty ?
Do they resign en masse ?
Or do they soldier on , hoping the 2010 congressional elections will reverse the situation ?
Do they dare gamble the national survival on such political whims ?
Anyone who imagines that those thoughts are not weighing heavily on the intellect and conscience of America ’s military leadership is lost in a fool ’s fog .
Will the day come when patriotic general and flag officers sit down with the president , or with those who control him , and work out the national equivalent of a “ family intervention , ” with some form of limited , shared responsibility ?
Imagine a bloodless coup to restore and defend the Constitution through an interim administration that would do the serious business of governing and defending the nation .
Skilled , military - trained , nation - builders would replace accountability - challenged , radical - left commissars .
Having bonded with his twin teleprompters , the president would be detailed for ceremonial speech - making .
Military intervention is what Obama ’s exponentially accelerating agenda for “ fundamental change ” toward a Marxist state is inviting upon America .
A coup is not an ideal option , but Obama ’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible .
Unthinkable ?
Then think up an alternative , non-violent solution to the Obama problem .
Just do n’t shrug and say , “ We can always worry about that later . ”
In the 2008 election , that was the wistful , self - indulgent , indifferent reliance on abnegation of personal responsibility that has sunk the nation into this morass .
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
March 30 , 2010
The
Council for Secular Humanism
is pleased to announce the winning entrants in its first Free Expression Cartoon Contest .
As part of its contribution to the Center for Inquiry ’s Campaign for Free Expression , the Council for Secular Humanism invited professional and amateur artists to submit their sharpest , cleverest , and most ingenious creations touching on that most sensitive subject : religion .
Entries were judged by a judging panel led by Steve Benson , the Pulitzer Prize - winning editorial cartoonist for the Arizona Republic .
The winners are :
( Click images to see full size . )
Professional Category
First Prize ( $ 2500 )
to
Alexander Matthews
of Wokingham , Berkshire , UK for his one - panel cartoon " Altar Boys . "
Lead judge Steve Benson said of this cartoon : " Wickedly humorous , brutally direct , effectively and simply rendered .
A stinging indictment of the Catholic Church ’s pedophilic priest scandal that allows absolutely no room for the predictable apologetic defense .
Left me laughing and wincing at the same time ! "
Second Prize ( $ 1250 )
to
Doug Davis
of Los Angeles , California , for his one - panel cartoon " Memes . "
This entry needs to be seen in color for full effect .
Said Benson : " Dramatic art of the empty - eyed victim who has fallen prey to what Richard Dawkins calls religion ’s ‘ virus of the mind . ’
Employs the over - the - top hype of a B movie advertising billboard to make its point .
Good use of contrast and color .
Scary ! "
Third Prize ( $ 750 )
to
Jack Pollock
of Portland , Oregon , for his multipanel cartoon " Want a Less Secular , More Faithful America ? "
Benson said of this entry : " A sweeping commentary on the negative effects of religion on society - from law , to science , to war , to culture .
Normally , I prefer more art to less text but in this case the artist has combined both in a nice mix of humor and bite that exposes the ridiculousness of faith in daily , practical life , This cartoon requires concentration and an understanding of important current events , which is always a good thing ! "
Amateur Category
First Prize ( $ 300 )
to
Matthew Medina
of Woodinville , Washington for his one - panel cartoon " Christian Nation . "
Lead judge Steve Benson commented as follows : " A very powerful cartoon .
Its central message of Christianity ’s inherent brutality is driven home with stunning artwork of black - garbed , flag - carrying American Christian inquisitor - patriots water - boarding a crucified Jesus .
The caricatures of Beck , O’Reilly , Limbaugh and Hannity are rendered so well that identifying labels are not necessary .
Excellent ! "
Second Prize ( $ 125 )
to "
Elwin
" Of East Aurora , New York , for his one - panel cartoon " John the Baptist . "
Said Benson : " Its unapologetically irreverent message drives the point home .
John the Baptist using a dunk tank to immerse a nervous - looking membership candidate is absolutely hilarious , as it subtly jabs at the immense pressure put on people to fall in line and join the flock .
I laughed out loud ! "
Third Prize ( $ 75 )
to
Angelo Lopez
of Sunnyvale , California , for his poster - style cartoon " Christian Fundamentalism . "
Commented Benson : " The ‘ Good Book ’ headlock on healthy brain activity is simply and powerfully portrayed in this cartoon .
The zombie - eyed stare of the true believer is particularly appropriate .
Vise job ! "
In addition , the editors wish to recognize the work of professional cartoonist
Donna Barstow
of Los Angeles , California , whose work was ineligible under the original rules for the Professional category but would have been eligible under the revised rules adopted in February 2010 .
Ms. Barstow has been granted the
Editors ’ Award
in recognition of her two entries " Aliens " and " Grace . "
The Council for Secular Humanism , publisher of FREE INQUIRY magazine , sponsored the Free Expression Cartoon Contest in support of the Campaign for Free Expression , an ongoing project of the Center for Inquiry to focus efforts and attention on one of the most crucial components of freethought : the right of individuals to express their viewpoints , opinions , and beliefs about all subjects - especially religion .
" As the great Danish cartoon controversy of 2005 and 2006 showed , " said FREE INQUIRY editor Tom Flynn , " few media can speak so eloquently — or so pointedly — on sensitive topics as a cartoon . "
Professional - category prizes were underwritten by a generous grant from the Andrew Norman Foundation .
The World Cup is set to be a major financial disappointment for the host nation South Africa , after it became clear that international fans have decided to stay away and their tickets are being sold cheaply to South Africans .
Less than three weeks before kick - off on 11 June , South Africa 's revamped airports and spruced - up cities are staging an impressive show of readiness for the arrival of international fans – although now it seems there may be half a million fewer than expected .
Organisers have revised visitor estimates – and thus tourism income – down from an initial 750,000 to 200,000 .
Airlines , hotels and guesthouses are slashing their prices .
On 15 April , hundreds of thousands of cut - price match tickets went on sale in South Africa , in a bid to fill 3.2 m seats at 64 matches .
At the taxpayers ' expense , municipalities and state - owned companies such as Telkom have bought thousands of tickets to give away to employees or offer as prizes .
Local fans , however , are in festive mood .
On Friday a street party hosted in Soweto by Winnie Madikizela - Mandela marked a move by the ruling ANC to secure support for the football spectacular in the country 's impoverished and restive townships .
But the country remains divided between those who believe there should be no price tag on the nation - building potential of hosting the World Cup and others who say that the 33bn rand ( £ 3 bn ) cost of preparing for the competition should have been spent on improving the lives of the poor .
The amount is roughly equal to the loan the World Bank gave South Africa last month to revamp its failing electricity supply system .
Fifa , the world football body , has announced record prize money for the final and will make £ 2.3 bn from television rights and sponsorship deals .
Amid efforts by the organisers to promote hard - to - sell matches such as Australia - Serbia on 23 June in Nelspruit , gauging ticket sales has become almost impossible .
Last week , despite an earlier announcement that the France - Uruguay match in Cape Town on 11 June was sold out , several hundred tickets for the game were suddenly released .
South Africa 's organising committee chairman , Danny Jordaan , denied that the country 's crime rate – 50 murders a day – had deterred international fans .
" When I went to London in March , the only problem people kept mentioning was the recession , '' he said .
He conceded that Fifa 's rigid internet - based ticket sales system had been a handicap to fans in South Africa and , especially , to those on the rest of the continent .
By early March , football - mad Nigeria had ordered only 700 tickets , prompting Jordaan 's team to launch a ticket - in - hand roadshow in the five African countries ( Nigeria , Ghana , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Cameroon ) that have qualified .
Fifa claims that African fans outside South Africa have bought 40,000 tickets .
" If you look at where tickets have sold best [ the United States , with 80,000 sales ] , this is also the place with the best internet penetration .
This is a lesson for the future , '' said Jordaan .
Udesh Pillay , of the South African Human Sciences Research Council , said the World Cup would not be of economic benefit to the country where millions of people still do not have electricity or running water in their homes .
" Although 150,000 jobs were created in the build - up to the event , they were temporary .
It will not be possible to say that the event has reduced poverty .
It will nevertheless contribute 0.2 % to 0.5 % to our growth , " he said .
The much - vaunted African " feel ' ' of the World Cup is also in question .
At Fifa 's insistence , the 10 host cities introduced bylaws to protect their sponsors from " ambush marketing ' ' .
The laws will affect the informal sector – the biggest single part of South Africa 's economy – as thousands of street vendors are banned from coming closer to stadiums than 800 metres .
Next to Ellis Park in Johannesburg , chicken seller Regina Twala made headlines for refusing to budge , but eventually moved to a " demarcated selling area ' ' outside the perimeter , leaving the coast clear for KFC and McDonald's .
The government says its biggest worry is that the minibus taxi industry – which until now has held a virtual monopoly on public transport in cities – will make good on its threat to disrupt the World Cup .
The industry feels threatened by the introduction of buses that are to be used to ferry fans before being redeployed as the main form of transport in and out of townships .
The so - called bus rapid transport system represents the main " legacy project ' ' of the World Cup for millions of South Africans .
But in March members of the powerful and often violent taxi industry smashed up one of Johannesburg 's new buses .
Last month they marched in Pretoria , complaining of having been " left out ' ' of the World Cup and threatening to disrupt the event .
On Friday , in a bid to reassure fans that the bus system will be safe , President Jacob Zuma travelled on the Rea Vaya system in Soweto .
Despite disappointment over the tourist income that the 64 - match World Cup will generate for the country , Jordaan insists the event will be a long - term asset .
" The new infrastructure , like the roads , the airport expansion programmes and the investment in telecoms , will be there after the World Cup and will help our economy to grow , " he said .
Jordaan believes football fans can still save the day : " The global recession has played a part in the low sales of tickets , but I also think fans are influenced by whether their country has a chance .
I think we will see an influx for the last 16 matches .
When you have big teams going into the quarter - finals and semi-finals , fans just cannot keep away . ''
AZ ( AB ) 91
" American warship off my starboard bow , this is Yacht Excalibur " -
There was a pause while we imagined that someone was scanning the white capped ocean for a vessel larger than a 27 foot yacht .
The radio burst into life " Excalibur , this is Warship 42 , is that you one mile off with reefed white sails ? " - " Warship 42 , affirmative , that 's us , could I trouble you for a weather forecast ? " -" Standby sir " - we could see the Warship diving through the waves and taking a lot of green water over her bows , what must we have looked like to her ?
The American voice came back , " What the hell are you guys doing out here in that little boat , are you sure you want to hear the forecast - we are expecting the waves to increase to 35 feet or do you guys use metres , and the wind to increase to over 45 knots , rather you than me "
Trying to preserve our cool , I replied with traditional British stiff upper lip - "
We are racing to the Azores and back , have you seen any other yachts ? "
A faint signal broke through on the radio , it was another competitor , Trevor Leek on " Corkscrew " , he was asking for a confirmatory fix from the warship as he was using Astro navigation and the sun was likely to be hidden for some days .
The American had GPS and was able to confirm Trevor 's position to within feet .
In just a few minutes the three Grey warships blended into the barely discernable horizon leaving John and I alone preparing for the storm .
The race had started from Falmouth and was organized by the Royal Cornwall Yacht Club .
Peter Kelleher who had volunteered to do the return leg , helped sail the boat down to Plymouth along with his girlfriend Susan .
My wife Anne continued with the boat to Falmouth for the Scrutineering and compulsory socializing .
The RCYC boatmen are skilled in many arts , like helping you board with your supplies in overfull , busting , supermarket plastic bags , not forgetting the art of helping " tired " competitors find their boats after closing time at the bar !
To fill in the hours between sleeping and drinking , the club arranged races in Cornish Shrimpers and Falmouth working boats .
All in all , busy socials programme , a very friendly club and fantastic food .
I even started to question why we were going to subject ourselves to days of discomfort , plain food and a distinct lack of parties !
John McGlasson was busy at work , and only just arrived in the nick of time to crew on the outward leg .
June 1st dawned and there was the usual pre-race activity , fond farewells to loved ones , sails being hoisted , the rhythmic noise of winches , throbbing diesels squeezing the last map into battery banks , and the splash of mooring chains being released - adrenaline was now replacing the alcohol of last nights party .
People 's characters seem to change on the start line , eyes narrow teeth grit and life suddenly becomes very serious .
John and I decided that with 1,250 nautical miles to go to he Azores , it was n't so important to be first across the line , and as our sponsors were ourselves , there was little reason to cross closest to the TV cameras .
The wind could not have been more perfect for the start , as the gun on Pendennis point made a dull thud , it was blowing from the North East at force 4/5 , chilling the brave band of relatives and Civic dignitaries to the bone .
We were creaming along on a course of 210 magnetic , making 6 - 7 knots .
Once we had hoisted the spinnaker land soon disappeared .
The faster boats , were drawing away , but we were doing well , keeping up with boats of our size and even some 10 foot longer .
When you are ocean racing in a small yacht , it is good for moral to compare handicaps , and predict the distance you can " give " others , and still beat them on corrected time .
Our Channel Handicap was 0.805 , which is largely explained by the " spare keel " .
During the next day the wind went down to force 2 , but our tails ( not to mention the spinny ) were still up , having covered 92 miles in the first 14 hours .
We were still in radio contact with 8 or 9 boats , which meant , they were within 12 miles and judging from the orange skins floating past they were " dead ahead . "
After an uneventful night the wind backed to the NW , and built to Force 5 , giving us a day 's average speed of 5.75 knots , still on schedule for 10 days voyage time .
Our Decca 2000 had been playing up the night before and signal strength was dropping off again , so we switched to the Transit satellite system ( Navstar2000S ) .
With this system , fixes are dependent on usable satellite passes , however the longest we had to wait was 2 hours and the shortest 2 minutes , not really a problem on an ocean voyage , especially as the set keeps a running DR position .
The wind had been dropping for most of the day , from a Force 5 , to a gentle breeze , we managed to hold our average speed up to 5.3 knots , a little lower than hoped for , however our overall average for the race was still well over 5 knots .
Most of the time when sailing , it 's normal to face forwards , usually to obtain an even suntan , however a backwards glance is a good idea every now and then , to avoid being run down by super - tankers .
I turned to investigate the source of distant splashing sounds , and to my concern saw that it was a school of Pilot whales who seemed to be chasing us .
At first sight they had seemed like dolphins , but through the binoculars they were heavier and less graceful .
Luckily the wind held up and we left them behind , the thought of a group of half a dozen - 3 to 4 ton whales trying to become friendly did not seem a good idea .
Racing pigeons seem to appear on yachts with great regularity and at first seem very welcome , however after a day or so they tend to overstay their welcome .
One competitor became so exasperated that he even threatened to bake his little hitchhiker as it strutted around his boat leaving its " little messages . "
It 's perhaps difficult sitting here on dry land , to understand how a little feathered friend could have caused such annoyance , but after days at sea , it 's strange what a lack of sleep can do to upset your equilibrium .
With little to see but the sea , it 's hardly surprising that the log encouraged poetic entries .........." tonight is very unreal , a mist is hanging over the sea , and the boat 's wake is painting a speckled luminescent trial , as we glide silently through little white flecks shimmering on the wavelets .
It 's difficult to see where the stars begin and the wavelets end . "
With the wind dropping , this third night at sea was probably our worst yet , not because of the wind , which had vanished , but because of a swell and the noise of flapping sails , groaning rigging and no progress through the water .
The only thing to cheer us up was that our cabin temperature had risen to 12 degrees Celsius which was much better than at home , where Radio 4 was recounting stories of snow and frost in Junel
I had been receiving weather fax pictures from Bracknell ( UK ) , Offenbach ( Germany ) , and now Rota ( Spain ) , these had proved surprisingly clear and accurate .
( Technical note :
The kit consisted of a Sony SSB radio and a portable computer running off the ship 's 12 volt supply .
A very basic aerial was cobbled together using a bit of wire clipped to the chain plates , which in turn connected to the rigging this brought in some quite strong signals . (
I have since added an ceramic insulator to the back stay to minimize the computer radiated radio interference and this has improved the fax quality considerably ) .
The only drawback with such a system is that you end up becoming a slave to the huge quantities of information at your disposal .
Wave height predictions .
Ice limits .
Wind and pressure at various altitudes , the transmissions are continuous .
There appeared to be a nasty collection of tightly packed isobars coming our way , we hoped that the depression would veer away , however one by one , the fax images confirmed our worst fears .
This was reinforced by Radio France and the good old " Home Service " , forecasting Finisterre Gale 8 or 9 later .
When morning dawned it brought with it a welcome wind , albeit from the South West , which was very close to our Great Circle route !
John and I were cheered by finally making some progress , but wary of the impending blow .
Another note - worthy log entry was that the fresh milk , kept only in the " cold box " had finally gone off after 4 days , indicating just how cold it had been !
But that morning a more serious development took place , which was to make our voyage a lot less enjoyable - with an electronic scream our autopilot decided to die on us , and despite trying to mend the beast , nothing could persuade it to come back to life .
It looked like a hand steer 24 hours a day for the rest of the racel
As if to raise our spirits a group of dolphins came to play perhaps attracted by the autopilot 's squeak for help .
During the rest of the day the wind continued to increase , backing round to " South South East " and built to a good Force 6 , the seas were also developing at an steady rate .
With night and the storm approaching , John and I were keen to rig up some form of mechanical self steering to give us a little sleep , or at least a break from helming .
After a few abortive ideas , we found a piece of bungi cord and a length of braided rope worked passably , allowing time to go below for a brew - up .
Having gained an extra helmsperson we continued to ready the boat for what threatened to be quite an extended blow .
The wind continued to increase and then unexpectedly started to abate , " Was that it ? "
John said , " so much for the forecast and those weather faxes - if we had some seaweed it would be more accurate ! "
However we both could not really believe that we had escaped that easily , or that the depression had come and gone without a significant wind shift .
After a brief respite of a few hours the seas became confused , the wind started howling through the rigging and the barometer plummeted like a stone , 11 millibars in just 5 hours .
This is how I started our story , and the memory of how we were thrown around for the next 36 hours , as if our 4 tonne boat was but a matchstick , is still vivid in my mind .
We had 24 hours of this hell - the nerve racking climb up the face of towering 35 foot high waves , each with a different hissing curling top waiting to cover us with spume - then the exhilarating acceleration as we shot down the back side of the wave into a dark hole and a brief respite before being elevated upwards again for another soaking !.
Although the wind still continued to blow , it was showing signs of changing direction making the seas very confused , there seemed little doubt that we were half way through the blow .
It was now 0200 on our 7th day at sea and sitting in the cockpit on a dark night wondering when it would end , with wet shirt , pants , socks and wellies full of water fibrositis pains shooting down my back , I could n't help thinking that maybe this is n't the side of yachting you see in the brochures for fun sailing holidays .
The only mishap that occurred was when at the height of the gale a rogue wave swept up behind us , hitting us in the back and propelling us across the cockpit .
We were only saved by our safety harness 's from a watery grave and the yacht becoming a Marie Celeste .
Throughout the gale we took it in turns to hand steer and about midday on the 7th , the sky started to clear , the barometer began to rise , and we were able to raise a small triple reefed mainsail and make some progress westward .
George Mark 2 was working quite well and while he made a valiant attempt at steering , like lizards we lay in the sun drying out .
The state of ones mind after a blow is fascinating , with simple pleasures like a shave , cup of tea , or even a hot meal seeming to be one of the great luxuries of life .
By midnight we had all the sail back up and on our way again with just 577 miles to go to Ponta Delgada .
A gentle South Westerly breeze blew all night and we took it in turns to get some deep ( level 4 ) sleep .
The barometer had risen to 1020 millibars and the seas had settled down to a regular swell .
Feeling that all this was too good to be true , that morning , I apprehensively tuned in a 48 hour prognosis weather fax .
We received a good picture from Rota in Spain , showing the tightly packed isobars of the gale , on its way to Britain , and no more nasties for us .
The afternoon was glorious , even better for the forecast , light winds with little wavelets , we were still making 4.6 knots through the water and to crown it all about 20 dolphins came to play around the bows sgueaking very loudly .
The only malfunction that occurred during the gale , was the electronic log , which had given up the ghost .
The impeller can be retracted from within the hull , so the plan was to withdraw it and check that it was still working , easier said than done with 3000 metres of water between us and the sealed .
I had a horrible vision of a great fountain of water shooting up and me having to do the little Dutch boy trick of sticking my finger in the hole , to prevent the boat filling with water and descending to the deep .
Well it did all go well , we took in very little water and managed to fix the log .
Sunday was our 9th night at sea , and we had n't heard from any other boats for quite some time , the log says " I wonder how many other boats are out here with us , Trevor must have gone West and Villager has Radio problems from her knockdown .
The Azores High seems to be well established at 1023 , just 1 millibar and 447 miles to go to Ponta Delgada . "
That night I had the most unforgettable experience of my life , whilst on watch at 0200 , I felt a strange presence , and on the horizon , I saw what looked like 2 torpedoes , coming in a straight line for the boat , leaving a phosphorescent trail , they were of course dolphins , who played around the hull leaving the most intricate silvern patterns , showing off they may have been , but the vision of these magnificent creatures frolicking like playful children around the hull is still vivid in my mind 's eye !
Nights and days seemed to merge together and watches became routine , with John and me sharing the steering , cooking and navigating .
Our speed had dropped to 3 knots , but at least we were making steady progress in the right direction , the sea temperature had risen to 16 degrees Celsius and the sun was shinning all day , enabling us to verify our position with some sun sights , life could be worse !.
" Do you hear an engine I asked John , as we lay sun-bathing on deck ? "
We scanned the horizon with binoculars ; in the distance was a military plane circling with only three of its four engines running .
The radio was crackling into life and throughout the day it became clear from the conversation that we were slap bang in the middle of a NATO convoy exercise .
From the variety of accents trying to synchronize maneuvers it could have been a day long episode of " Allo Allo " with undertones of Dads Army .
In my youth electronic navigation consisted of a Seafix RDF set , and I have never lost my faith in this simple but reassuring method of navigation .
I now also have a Lokata 7 with its digital frequency read - out but it is still essentially the same kit , the reason I found it useful is because the Azores have very powerful radio beacons , some with a range in excess of 300 miles .
That afternoon we picked up the reassuring Morse call sign from the island Santa Maria on 323 kHz , almost on the nose , at least land was ahead and we had n't missed the Islands - next stop South America !
That night as the sun set on us we still had 306 miles to sail , after 12 days and nights at sea .
During the night , as forecast on the weather fax , the wind increased to a Northerly 4/5 giving us between 5 and 6 Knots through the water and we spent the day creaming along under our spinnaker .
At 1700 the main 20 gallon water tank finally ran dry and we were on to our reserve of Highland Spring bottles ( 4 gallons ) for drinking , leaving the remaining Whisky for medicinal purposes and teeth cleaning !.
As we entered the 13th day of our voyage we only had 186 miles to sail , and as the excitement increased of an uninterrupted nights sleep and the thought of seeing my wife , the wind did the reverse and dropped to a Northerly Force 2 , giving us the prospect of an agonisingly slow spinnaker drift into Ponta Delgada where the barometer was reported to be 1026 giving us virtually no wind gradient .
With the lack of fresh water , the rising sea and air temperature and the thought of meeting other sweet smelling land based humans , I decided to have a swim from the stern and it proved very difficult at 3 knots to wash with one hand whilst holding onto the rope and trying not to drop the soap to the bottom of a very deep " bath " .
That night we saw navigation lights on our Port side and at midnight made contact with Villager , a Rival 32 .
They had suffered damage to their aerial when they were knocked down in the storm and had also written off their electronic Astral computer and so were very glad to have an accurate fix .
With just 100 miles to go , we had a race on our hands and as dawn broke we were neck and neck .
Out of the morning mist appeared the 3623 feet high volcano on Sao Miguel , it was a tremendous sight , stark yet inviting .
The VHF station whose aerial was sited on summit was coming in loud and quite clear , but we were still too far away to be received , however our attempts were heard by my friend Trevor Leek on Corkscrew , who came in to say that he was just 10 miles ahead .
It was good to talk to him as we had been concerned for his safety after the Storm and we spent some time swapping tales and experiences .
The wind was now barely a zephyr and we spent the rest of the day chasing " catspaws " on the water as we slowly approached the finishing line .
As time was moving on and we were n't , I tried to raise the Coastal VHF station and after several attempts I was able to speak to Peter Kelleher lying in the relative luxury of his bed in Croydon .
The reason for disturbing him was to ask him to bring out a replacement Autohelm when he flew out to crew on the return leg .
Having contacted Peter , I felt that the return journey would be more restful , but at that moment the calm sea was disturbed by a noise like Compressor Station venting or a Southern region train releasing its compressed air , and a large Whale surfaced along side .
I was completely taken by surprise and disgusted by the fishy smell , and as quickly as it had surfaced the whale slid back down to the inky depths leaving little more than a nasty odour and some waves .
The colourful spinnaker of John Passmore in Largo , a larger Rival had appeared on the horizon , giving us more reason to trim our sails in the sweltering heat and frustratingly little wind as the four of us fought for line honours .
We finally crossed the line at 1400 hours on Saturday the 15th and were welcomed by my wife and the fantastic Portuguese hospitality .
The only thing to mar our elation was the news that Minitech had lost her keel and sunk .
The crew had been adrift in a Tinker Tramp for 6 days before a chance sighting by a Nimrod and finally being rescued by a ship .
The next edition will have details of the parties including " Fun for Sailors Disco " , the breathtaking beauty of the Island , the incredibly fast return journey to Falmouth and unfortunately yet another End
Home page
A woman who was responsible for one of the worst ever attempts at parking a car has been fined $ 500 .
Tripta Kaushal was caught on camera as she tried to park her BMW X5 in the car park of a gym in Thornhill , Canada .
As the 62 - year - old tried to move into a space , she lunged forward , jumping her car onto the bonnet ( and to be honest , roof ) of two other vehicles .
She then fled the scene and was only identified after CCTV footage was reviewed by cops , who presumably took some time to stop laughing .
Kaushal appeared at Ontario Court of Justice for failing to report the incident and was fined the $ 500 -- meaning we get to laugh at this clip again .
The judge also ordered her to pay damages to the owners of the other cars and placed her on six months probation .
During the Middle Ages , philosophers attempted to transmute base materials into gold in a process called alchemy .
While their efforts proved fruitless , the pseudoscience alchemy paved the way to the real science of chemistry .
Through chemistry , we learned more about the world around us , including the fact that all matter is composed of atoms .
The types of atoms and the way those atoms join together determines a substance 's properties .
Nanotechnology is a multidisciplinary science that looks at how we can manipulate matter at the molecular and atomic level .
To do this , we must work on the nanoscale -- a scale so small that we can't see it with a light microscope .
In fact , one nanometer is just one - billionth of a meter in size .
Atoms are smaller still .
It 's difficult to quantify an atom 's size -- they do n't tend to hold a particular shape .
But in general , a typical atom is about one - tenth of a nanometer in diameter .
Advertisement
Advertisement
But the nanoscale is where it 's at .
That 's because it 's the scale of molecules .
By manipulating molecules , we can make all sorts of interesting materials .
But like the alchemists of old , we would n't make much headway in creating gold .
That 's because gold is a basic element -- you can't break it down into a simpler form .
We could make other interesting substances , though .
By manipulating molecules to form in particular shapes , we can build materials with amazing properties .
One example is a carbon nanotube .
To create a carbon nanotube , you start with a sheet of graphite molecules , which you roll up into a tube .
The orientation of the molecules determines the nanotube 's properties .
For example , you could end up with a conductor or a semiconductor .
Rolled the right way , the carbon nanotube will be hundreds of times stronger than steel but only one - sixth the weight [ source : NASA ] .
That 's just one aspect of nanotechnology .
Another is that materials are n't the same at the nanoscale as they are at larger scales .
Researchers with the United States Department of Energy discovered in 2005 that gold shines differently at the nanoscale than it does in bulk .
They also noticed that materials possess different properties of magnetism and temperature at the nanoscale [ source : U.S. Department of Energy ] .
Because the science deals with the basic building blocks of matter , there are countless applications .
Some seem almost mundane -- nanoparticles of zinc oxide in sunblock allow you to spread a transparent lotion on your skin and remain protected .
Others sound like science fiction -- doctors are attempting to use the protein casings from viruses to deliver minute amounts of drugs to treat cancer .
As we learn more about how molecules work and how to manipulate them , we 'll change the world .
The biggest revelations will come from the smallest of sources .
Learn more about nanotechnology by following the links on the next page .
“ Cartographies of Time , ” published recently by Princeton Architectural Press , is an eye - popping record of the ways that mapmakers , chronologists , artists and others have tried to convey the passage of time visually .
The following slides feature some of the most striking images from the book .
Speaking with the LA Times Favreau said :
“ I want it to be completely self - contained because a lot is going to happen between now and the next chapter .
You ’ve got ‘ Thor , ’ you ’ve got ‘ Captain America ‘ and you ’ve got ‘ Avengers . ’
I do n’t know how all of that is going to impact this little handmade story of ours that we ’ve been doing over the last two films . “
Marvel is to blame for the lack of cliffhanger , but given their overall plans of linking all of the Marvel Universe movies in some manner I think we can let it slide .
From the sounds of things we ’ll have a few years before another Iron Man movie , while the other marvel projects come out so no cliffhanger is n’t really a bad thing anyway , given everyone ’s short memory and attention span .
Although it will lack a cliffhanger Favreau said there will be lots of storylines they could continue in a future movie .
“ You want to leave some things open , you know , to be like a food cache for them to set things up that can be paid off later and lean toward where we think things are going , ” Favreau said .
“ But we ca n’t leave it like ‘ Empire ’ where you ’re waiting to see it resolved .
It ’s not a cliffhanger .
We had to tuck this whole story in .
And that be said , we had like eight different storylines going and opened up the door , especially with both the good guys and the bad guys , for a larger story to be told .
That ’s just responsible filmmaking .
But if you just watch this movie , it ’s self - contained .
It ’s not like ‘ Two Towers . ’ “
8 storylines !
This movie is going to be much more complicated than the AC / DC laced trailers have indicated .
Sounds like plenty of surprises are still in store , and I for one ca n’t wait .
Iron Man 2 opens May 7th .
Conservationists in central Queensland have expressed outrage that bulk carriers can travel from Gladstone to Cairns without a marine pilot to guide them through the Great Barrier Reef .
The Chinese - registered 230 - metre long bulk coal carrier , Shen Neng 1 , ran aground on a reef on Saturday , about 70 kilometres east of Great Keppel Island .
An unknown quantity of oil has leaked from a ruptured fuel tank on the vessel .
Capricorn Conservation Council spokesman Ian Herbert said the incident - which follows a large oil spill from the container carrier Pacific Adventurer , which polluted Moreton Island and Sunshine Coast beaches in March 2009 - will not be the last .
" We can be certain that this is a sign of things to come , " Mr Herbet said this morning .
Getting a green job is n't so easy
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Dear Annie : I lost a pretty good job as head of the training department at a financial - services company a few months ago and , rather than look for another similar position , I want to change careers .
I 'm passionate about the outdoors and would like to do something related to protecting wildlife and the environment .
But I 'm having trouble figuring out where to focus my search .
Can you point me to some good sources of information about green jobs ?
-- Boston Birdwatcher
Dear B.B. : " The idea of ' green ' jobs has gotten so much press that many people mistakenly think the jobs are already here , " notes Carol McClelland , Ph.D. , founder and executive director of a Web site called Green Career Central .
" But the fact is , we 're moving to a new economy -- what author Thomas Friedman called the Energy - Climate Economy -- and it 's just getting started . "
" Major economic shifts always happen slowly , " adds McClelland , who is also author of a highly useful new book , Green Careers for Dummies ( Wiley , $ 19.99 ) .
Only about 12 % of federal stimulus spending in 2009 went to green projects , she notes : " That has created a few jobs , but most green job creation is still in the future . "
That does n't mean your dream career does n't exist , only that you may have to do some serious digging to find it -- or possibly some truly creative thinking to invent it .
" This is all so new that the perfect job for you may have no formal job description yet , " McClelland notes .
" You need to thoroughly research your chosen field , and then analyze where your skills and experience might fit into it . "
One daunting aspect of a green job hunt is that the emerging green economy is so vast and has so many different parts : solar power , green building , wilderness conservation , waste management , hydrology , public policy , and the list goes on .
Green Careers for Dummies describes what 's going on in each of 13 broad areas , with specific tips on how to identify opportunities in each .
In addition , check out " State of Green Business 2010 , " a free , downloadable report from GreenBiz.com , which gives a clear picture of recent progress in various industries ( including autos , energy , and packaging ) .
GreenBiz also runs four industry - specific sites job hunters might find helpful : ClimateBiz , GreenerBuildings , GreenerComputing , and GreenerDesign .
Since you 've already pinpointed wildlife and wilderness conservation as your chosen field , you 're ahead of the game .
Now take a look at all of your experience , both in and outside of work , and make a list of everything you have to offer .
" Pull together all of your skills and interests , " McClelland says .
" Then think about who might be looking for that unique combination of attributes . "
For example , with your interest in birds and corporate background in training , there might be a role for you in the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
The agency has a program that protects migratory birds by enforcing the North American Wetlands Conservation Act of 1989 .
That includes educating local communities on why their swamps are worth saving .
Two other federal government agencies worth checking for information on green jobs and internships are the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency .
Although there are now more than 80 green job boards online -- among them SustainableBusiness.com , EnvironmentalCareer.com , and TreeHugger -- McClelland says that , as in the regular old job market , many great opportunities can be found only through networking .
" This is even more true for green jobs because so much of the growth in the green economy now is local .
It 's happening city by city , town by town , " she says .
" So start or expand your green network by joining local conservation groups . "
You can also find groups on LinkedIn and other online social networks that share your interest .
One fun way to get to know people :
Find a nearby chapter of Green Drinks International , an informal network of green - minded businesspeople , academics , and others who meet in bars to socialize and share ideas .
Green Drinks has chapters in 598 cities worldwide -- the San Francisco area alone has four chapters .
If there are none near you , you can start one .
But before you start networking , try to identify the focus of your green job search , advises McClelland .
One mistake she has seen many people make is to say to a contact , " I have this skill and that skill .
Where in the green economy do you think I 'd fit in ? "
That approach " puts too much pressure on the other person , " she says .
" Instead , do enough research and self - assessment to know generally what you are aiming for and then , when you talk with people , lead with that , " she advises .
" If you start with what you do know , rather than what you do n't know , you 'll get much better results . "
Talkback :
Have you looked for a green job recently ?
What obstacles did you encounter ?
If you have a green job , how did you find it ?
Tell us on Facebook below .
Clifford Skridlow :
From inside the jouster 's tents , the sound of the armorers accomplishing the knights .
Busy hammers closing rivets up , give dreadful not of preparation .
Peak oil is said to be an inversion of tendency of the economy ; but also of many things of everyday life that seem to have started to go back to earlier times .
The last inversion of tendency comes from a series of articles in the press that describe the return of gravel roads .
For the time being , that seems to be happening mainly in rural areas of the US , as described , for instance in USA - today .
In Europe , there are fewer reports on this point , although it seems that the same situation is developing in northern countries .
In places such as Finland , the cold climate places a higher stress on paved roads and forces the return to gravel roads .
But the lack of press reports does n't mean that the problem is not there : if you travel to Italy this year , you 'll see that a lot of paved roads are in a pitiful state : full of potholes .
One problem is the increasing costs of maintenance .
A report of the University of Minnesota shows the progressive increase in the costs of maintaining roads which are paved with what is called " hot mix asphalt " , HMA , the kind of paving which we came to consider as normal for all public roads .
Asphalt comes from crude oil .
It is made from bitumen which is a heavy and viscous form of petroleum ; normally the residual of the distillation of crude oil .
Could it be that with peak oil we do n't just have a problem of availability of fuels and of energy , but also of bitumen for paving roads ?
That does n't seem to be the case .
If it is bitumen that we need , there is plenty of it .
Just the Canadian tar sands are made mostly of bitumen and are said to contain at least one trillion barrels of it - probably more .
To this amount , we can add Venezuela 's tar sands , with at least half a trillion barrels .
With tar sands , the main problem is to obtain liquid fuels , but if it is bitumen that we want , it is much easier .
At present , bitumen does n't seem to be lacking in the world market and some projections for asphalt indicate that production may be rising in the coming years .
The problem , as usual , is not one of quantity , but one of energy .
With minerals , we are not running out of anything except of the energy needed for extraction .
It is the principle that I called the universal mining machine .
Bitumen does n't seem to be an exception ; we are not running out of bitumen , but we have increasing problems in being able to afford it ; just as with a lot of other minerals .
For this reason , the proposal of substituting conventional bitumen with products not coming from crude oil does n't appear to be very practical .
There has been talk of " bioasphalt ; " made from a bitumen that could come from such products as sugar , molasses , corn and vegetable oil .
But bioasphalt has the same problem of biofuels : there are limits to what we can get from an agriculture already heavily strained to produce enough food and which depends heavily on fossil fuels .
We can pave a few roads with molasses , but we can't expect bioasphalt to substitute oil derived asphalt everywhere .
Another alternative material for paving roads is concrete , the kind used for buildings .
Concrete does n't directly depend on fossil fuels - the problem is that it takes a lot of energy to make it .
So concrete turns out to be more expensive than conventional asphalt .
It may last longer , but do n't expect it to become as commonplace as asphalt is today .
In the end , the problem seems to be that peak oil - arriving or already arrived - is placing a tremendous strain on the world 's economy .
Because of this strain , the kind of money used for maintaining roads is quickly disappearing and the result is the return of unpaved roads .
It may be planned or not ; the end result , in any case , is the same .
So , it is likely that in the coming years we 'll see more and more roads returning to gravel , as it was commonplace in the Western World up to about 50 years ago .
When most roads were not paved , cars and trucks had much softer suspension systems and lighter wheels ; we may see a comeback of this kind of vehicles which , by their nature , are not made for high speeds .
After all , gravel roads do n't mean the end of transportation .
We 'll just have to slow down considerably , and that may not be a bad thing .
Below : image from allaguida .
Some modern streets in Italy , such as this one in Rome , are starting to look like archaeological remnants of the Roman Empire .
Editor 's note :
In light of the recent death of Martin Gardner , we are republishing this column from the March 2002 issue of Scientific American .
In 1950 Martin Gardner published an article in the Antioch Review entitled " The Hermit Scientist , " about what we would today call pseudoscientists .
It was Gardner 's first publication of a skeptical nature ( he was the math games columnist for Scientific American for more than a quarter of a century ) .
In 1952 he expanded it into a book called In the Name of Science , with the descriptive subtitle " An entertaining survey of the high priests and cultists of science , past and present . "
Published by Putnam , the book sold so poorly that it was quickly remaindered and lay dormant until 1957 , when it was republished by Dover .
It has come down to us as Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science , which is still in print and is arguably the skeptic classic of the past half a century .
Thankfully , there has been some progress since Gardner offered his first criticisms of pseudoscience .
Now largely antiquated are his chapters on believers in a flat Earth , a hollow Earth , Atlantis and Lemuria , Alfred William Lawson , Roger Babson , Trofim Lysenko , Wilhelm Reich and Alfred Korzybski .
But disturbingly , a good two thirds of the book 's contents are relevant today , including Gardner 's discussions of homeopathy , naturopathy , osteopathy , iridiagnosis ( reading the iris of the eye to deter - mine bodily malfunctions ) , food faddists , cancer cures and other forms of medical quackery , Edgar Cayce , the Great Pyramid 's alleged mystical powers , handwriting analysis , ESP and PK ( psychokinesis ) , reincarnation , dowsing rods , eccentric sexual theories , and theories of group racial differences .
The " hermit scientist , " a youthful Gardner wrote , works alone and is ignored by mainstream scientists .
" Such neglect , of course , only strengthens the convictions of the self - declared genius . "
But Gardner was wrong by half in his prognostications : " The current flurry of discussion about Velikovsky and Hubbard will soon subside , and their books will begin to gather dust on library shelves . "
Adherents to Immanuel Velikovsky 's views on how celestially caused global catastrophes shaped the beliefs of ancient humans are a quaint few surviving in the interstices of fringe culture .
L. Ron Hubbard , however , has been canonized by the Church of Scientology as the founding saint of a world religion .
In 1952 Gardner could not have known that the nascent flying saucer craze would turn into an alien industry : " Since flying saucers were first reported in 1947 , countless individuals have been convinced that the Earth is under observation by visitors from another planet . "
Absence of evidence then was no more a barrier to belief than it is today , and ufologists proffered the same conspiratorial explanations for the dearth of proof : " I have heard many readers of the saucer books upbraid the government in no uncertain terms for its stubborn refusal to release the ‘ truth ' about the elusive platters .
The administration 's ‘ hush hush policy ' is angrily cited as proof that our military and political leaders have lost all faith in the wisdom of the American people . "
Even then Gardner was bemoaning that some beliefs never seem to go out of vogue , as he recalled an H. L. Mencken quip from the 1920s : " Heave an egg out of a Pullman window , and you will hit a Fundamentalist almost anywhere in the U.S. today . "
Gardner cautions that when religious superstition should be on the wane , it is easy " to forget that thousands of high school teachers of biology , in many of our southern states , are still afraid to teach the theory of evolution for fear of losing their jobs . "
Today creationism has spread northward and mutated into the oxymoronic form of " creation science . "
And the motives of the hermit scientists have not changed either .
Gardner recounts the day that Groucho Marx interviewed Louisiana state senator Dudley J. LeBlanc about a " miracle " cure - all vitamin - and - mineral tonic called Hadacol that the senator had invented .
When Groucho asked the senator what it was good for , LeBlanc answered with surprising honesty : " It was good for five and a half million for me last year . "
What I find especially valuable about Gardner 's views are his insights into the differences between science and pseudoscience .
On the one extreme we have ideas that are most certainly false , " such as the dianetic view that a one - day - old embryo can make sound recordings of its mother 's conversation . "
In the borderlands between the two " are theories advanced as working hypotheses , but highly debatable because of the lack of sufficient data . "
Of these Gardner selects a most propitious example : " the theory that the universe is expanding . "
That theory would now fall at the other extreme end of the spectrum , where lie " theories al- most certainly true , such as the belief that the Earth is round or that men and beasts are distant cousins . "
How can we tell if someone is a scientific crank ?
Gardner offers this advice : ( 1 ) " First and most important of these traits is that cranks work in almost total isolation from their colleagues . "
Cranks typically do not understand how the scientific process operates — that they need to try out their ideas on colleagues , attend conferences and publish their hypotheses in peer - reviewed journals before announcing to the world their startling discovery .
Of course , when you explain this to them they say that their ideas are too radical for the conservative scientific establishment to accept . ( 2 ) " A second characteristic of the pseudo - scientist , which greatly strengthens his isolation , is a tendency toward paranoia , " which manifests itself in several ways :
(1) He considers himself a genius .
( 2 ) He regards his colleagues , without exception , as ignorant blockheads .... ( 3) He believes himself unjustly persecuted and discriminated against .
The recognized societies refuse to let him lecture .
The journals reject his papers and either ignore his books or assign them to " enemies " for review .
It is all part of a dastardly plot .
It never occurs to the crank that this opposition may be due to error in his work .... ( 4) He has strong compulsions to focus his attacks on the greatest scientists and the best - established theories .
When Newton was the outstanding name in physics , eccentric works in that science were violently anti-Newton .
Today , with Einstein the father - symbol of authority , a crank theory of physics is likely to attack Einstein .... ( 5) He often has a tendency to write in a complex jargon , in many cases making use of terms and phrases he himself has coined .
We should keep these criteria in mind when we explore controversial ideas on the borderlands of science .
" If the present trend continues , " Gardner concludes , " we can expect a wide variety of these men , with theories yet unimaginable , to put in their appearance in the years immediately ahead .
They will write impressive books , give inspiring lectures , organize exciting cults .
They may achieve a following of one — or one million .
In any case , it will be well for ourselves and for society if we are on our guard against them . "
So we still are , Martin .
That is what skeptics do , and in tribute for all you have done , we shall continue to honor your founding command .
Michael Shermer is founding publisher of Skeptic magazine ( www.skeptic.com) and author of How We Believe and The Borderlands of Science .
D ave Nonis had his incognito act all figured out .
Or so he thought .
There he was in late January , Calgary Flames hat on head and pulled low , sitting in the seats at the Saddledome rather than in the press box with other scouts and executives .
He just wanted to look like a garden - variety Flames fan and it worked perfectly , until he realized he was sitting adjacent to the " Best Seats in the House " promotion .
When they showed the lucky winners on the giant video screen , there was the Maple Leafs ' director of hockey operations as large as life for the hockey world to see .
Wearing a Flames cap .
Actually , it worked out fine .
Nonis was there undercover to get a close - up view of Dion Phaneuf as the Leafs and Flames were in the final stages of negotiating a massive seven - player swap that was consummated Jan. 31 .
Before the deal was made , GM Brian Burke wanted Nonis , his trusted right - hand man , to assess whether there was a flaw in the erratic Phaneuf 's game so enormous a trade would be inadvisable .
Nonis 's response ?
Most of Phaneuf 's errors were errors of commission made trying to make something positive happen .
So the Leafs made the deal .
Almost two months into the Phaneuf era , one that seems almost certain to continue with the 24 - year - old being named captain next fall , it 's fair to say the Leafs would make the deal again any day , and twice on Sundays .
Phaneuf has n't been a spectacular success , and still is looking for his first goal .
The Leafs are 10 - 7 - 1 with him .
The Flames are 10 - 8 - 1 without him , a stat that suggests neither club has benefited more than the other from the swap so far .
That said , it 's hard to find a hockey person who thinks this was anything but a peculiar , one - sided deal .
You could argue that the Leafs have n't missed and wo n't miss any of the four players sent to the Flames – Ian White , Matt Stajan , Jamal Mayers and Niklas Hagman – while Phaneuf has been a godsend , a blue - line stud who has played more than 25 minutes in each of the club 's last nine games .
As mentioned , the offensive game has n't materialized , and while Phaneuf once scored 20 goals in an NHL season , it may be unrealistic to imagine he 'll get near that total again .
What he does have is gobs and gobs of presence , and a coach in Ron Wilson who is head over heels for the way in which Phaneuf has altered the mood in the Leaf dressing room .
The Flames ' record since the deal is n't awful but they 've lost ground to Detroit in the battle for the final Western Conference playoff berth .
Between them , the four ex-Leafs have contributed seven goals and 27 assists in 19 games , while Stajan ( three goals , nine assists ) has already been rewarded with a new four - year , $ 14 million contract ( all figures U.S. ) .
Collectively , the quartet has had a negligible impact on a Flames team that had a better winning percentage before the big trade .
Financially ,
White could triple his $ 950,000 salary this summer as a restricted free agent , while Hagman , if he gets back to scoring the way he was before being dealt , is a reasonable bargain at $ 3 million per season .
Mayers is unrestricted in July and his future is unclear .
But by next season Stajan , White and Hagman will probably come with a collective cap hit of at least $ 9 million , much more than Phaneuf 's annual $ 6.5 million cap number .
Phaneuf , meanwhile , seems likely to get an invitation from Mark Messier to be part of Canada 's entry in the world championships scheduled to be played in the German cities of Cologne , Mannheim and Gelsenkirchen in May .
After being left off the Vancouver Olympic team , this could be a valuable opportunity for him to get back into the Hockey Canada mix and play internationally for the first time since playing at the worlds in '07 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
It might delay his retreat to his P.E.I. cottage for a few weeks .
But the Leafs want him to keep developing as a player and a leader , and this would assist in that .
If it does , this could prove to be a wildly lopsided trade in the Leafs ' favour .
Read more about :
* An anonymous Columbia University student details her re-traumatization via the school ’s sexual assault response system :
Until recently , I was unaware of the egregious flaws in the Disciplinary Procedure for Sexual Assault .
However , after my assault took place earlier this semester , I was encouraged by friends to take action against the student who had violated the sexual assault policy in many different ways , the worst of which was raping me twice .
* Jessica
Yee asks , “ When does an issue become feminist ? “ :
When abortion rights are threatened , we ’re out in the masses online and offline to protect them repeatedly , blog post after Facebook link , clinic defense after pro-choice club initiation , without question . . .
But what about when status , documentation , skin color , ethnicity , and culture are threatened ?
What ’s our feminist response to this ?
And how much or to what degree are we going to mobilize and do something the same way we would if the usual suspects ( like sexual / reproductive health ) came into play ?
* Emily Nagoski judges Christian sex shops , or “ sex toys for Jesus “ :
“ Hooray ! ” I think , “ Sexual pleasure !
Sexual pleasure for women ! ” “ Boo ! ” I think , “ Heterocentrism , marriage exclusions , apparent intercourse - focus ! ”
* On Slate , Stephanie Coontz argues that Betty Friedan is “ not responsible for all of our unhappiness . ”
Say it ai n’t so !
* Virginia Slims , getting high on feminism since 1968 .
This ad features both an empowering time - machine strip - tease and an appeal to our “ feminine hands ” :
Photo via the Library of Congress
By LUCY MCDONALD
Last updated at 22:43 29 April 2007
A shrill scream pierces the afternoon air .
Gingerly , I prise my sweaty hands away from my eyes to find all of my dinner companions staring at me in shock .
It 's then that I realise the noise is coming from me .
" Are you OK ? " asks the young man to my left .
" That was some scream . "
Paralysed by fear , I am physically unable to reply or even to blush .
Instead , I screw my eyes shut and emit a long , low moan .
The reason for my distress is simple : I have foolishly accepted the worst dinner party invitation of my life .
But it 's not the other guests that are so unbearable , it 's the location .
Instead of a sitting round a cosy kitchen table , we are dangling from a crane 150 ft in the sky , complete with dining chairs , table , crockery and even a slick - suited waiter who pours us a glass of wine as we swing gently in the breeze .
Scroll down for more ...
Dinner In The Sky is for people who expect more from their restaurants than four concrete walls and a solid floor .
Instead , diners perch around a massive table , which is suspended from a crane high up in the air .
It sounds completely insane , but as the most unusual - and entirely legal - way of getting high over dinner , it is the new must - do experience for the super - rich and adventure - hungry who yearn for something a little more extreme at mealtimes .
Although based in Belgium , the " restaurant " can be driven to any destination in the world .
There have already been dining events in Paris and Brussels , while New York and Niagara Falls are on the agenda .
What 's more , for a mere £ 10,000 , they 'll drive it over to Britain for you to host your own sky - high dinner party .
Scroll down for more ...
David Ghysels , the jolly Belgian organiser , says : " It 's a little surreal , but we realised people were getting bored with just going to the same old restaurants .
They wanted to try something different .
So we decided to push the boundaries .
The sky 's the limit ! "
This , I soon learn , is his all - too - obvious catchphrase .
Forbes - the U.S. magazine - ranks Dinner In The Sky among the world 's top ten most unusual restaurants , alongside Heston Blumenthal 's Fat Duck in England ( snail porridge , anyone ? ) and Ninja in New York , where waiters perform magic while serving sushi .
Scroll down for more ...
Today , I am one of a select group invited to a special preview dinner at Zonhoven , a town on the Belgium / Holland border , where the concept is being promoted at a trade fair .
I arrive feeling decidedly peckish , but my appetite soon fades as my host , beaming with Gallic pride , points to the crane from which I will shortly be hoisted .
" It 's tres tall , oui ? " says David .
I tilt my head skywards , where towering above me somewhere in outer space just short of the moon is the crane 's summit .
I feel like Jack and the Beanstalk .
I am starting to regret this and I have n't had so much as a whiff of bread roll .
It may not sound very high to daredevils who like bungee - jumping or skydiving , but 150 ft is about half the height of Big Ben or the equivalent of ten double - deckers stacked on top of one another .
For someone who suffered vertigo while checking out a friend 's new loft conversion , it may as well be Mount Everest .
Unfortunately , before I can concoct a fib to excuse myself , a glass of champagne is thrust into my hand and I am whisked off to be strapped into my dining chair .
All the other dinner guests are already seated .
The chairs themselves are shaped like racing car seats and are attached to the table with lots of sturdy - looking nuts and bolts and a steel safety cable .
The equipment and crane are rigorously checked before each event , but nonetheless my furrowed brow betrays my mounting anxiety .
" Do n't worry it 's safe - 100 per cent , " David reassures me .
As if to prove his point , he ushers his cute seven - year - old daughter , Cleo , to a spare seat .
It reminds me of when former Agriculture Minister John Gummer fed his fouryearold daughter a hamburger at the height of mad cow disease .
But Cleo is clearly well used to being strapped into this particular highchair , and the nonchalant cross-legged position she adopts is in stark contrast to my tense demeanour , as my sweaty palms clasp the table for dear life .
The table , made from heavy - duty plastic on a metal superstructure , is nine metres by five and weighs six tonnes - as much as a large elephant .
Although there is no floor underneath the chairs , in the centre of the table there is a sunken platform from which two waiters scoot about preparing dinner and drinks .
I am alarmed to note they are not even wearing safety harnesses .
The whole contraption is attached by a steel cable to a giant crane arm that towers somewhere far above us .
This is controlled by an operator who sits in his control cabin ready to press the button .
Ladies and Gentlemen , dinner is served .
As we " take off " I let out a small nervous giggle which , by the time we are ten metres off the ground , has turned into a low guttural roar .
Even though our ascent is remarkably smooth , I am terrified .
Up , up , up we go , leaving roofs ,
lamp posts and treetops behind until finally , when it feels like my head may bump the ceiling of the sky , we judder to a halt .
" Next stop , Heaven , " jokes the man opposite me .
While everyone is marvelling at the 360 - degree panoramic view across the flat Belgian countryside , I am having a mini nervous breakdown .
My knees are knocking , my heart is pounding and my poor tummy feels like it never even made it off the ground .
But host David seems unfazed , demonstrating how to make the chairs recline and swivel around , as calmly as if he is in an office furniture showroom , instead of dangling 50 metres in the air .
" Come on Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds , " he shouts at me .
" Swivel ! "
Swivel yourself , matey , I think , but can manage only a weak smile in response , before shutting my eyes to block out the horror .
Mercifully , I soon discover I am not the only wimp on board .
Sitting near me , Marie - Jeanne Knevels , 51 , a furniture designer , is muttering loudly in what sounds like double Dutch but turns out to be single Dutch .
She has booked the dinner for her and her husband , Luk , as a special treat .
We exchange a look of understanding .
She says : " I 've never been so scared in my life .
I dare n't look down ! "
Then , with a flourish , the food is produced by the waiters in the centre : Parma ham salad and sautÈed prawns ( cooked in a tiny oven in the centre of the table ) .
It all looks delicious , but I have never felt less like eating in my whole life , so I opt for an entirely liquid meal - two goldfish bowl - sized glasses of wine .
As the alcohol courses round my body , I feel the blood slowly returning to my cheeks .
Hell , I even pluck up the courage to peer at the ground below : I can make out sheep , houses and people waving up at us .
The weather is postcard perfect - or at least it would be at ground level .
Up here , a warm breeze sets the table softly rocking and wafts the odd stray napkin into the air like paper doves .
I watch transfixed as one makes its way earthwards .
And you know what ?
For the first time , I actually start to enjoy myself up here .
It is not just the wine , but also a new - found sense of security .
So with my hands clasped behind my head , I recline my seat as far back as it will go , close my eyes and enjoy the wind ruffling my hair .
My reverie is disturbed by the sudden realisation that I need the loo .
And it is at this point I discover Dinner In The Sky has a serious design fault : there is n't one .
I have no choice but to cross my legs and hope for the best .
There 's another problem , too .
Although the setting is impossibly intimate , quiet chats with your neighbour are impossible .
You have to TALK LIKE THIS to make yourself heard over the wind , meaning that conversation is rather limited , while table - hopping is clearly not an option if you find yourself seated next to a conversational dud .
Luckily I am sitting next to Kris Ulbulghs , 33 , a charming software manager from Brussels .
He says : " I 've been up in a hot air balloon before , but this is amazing .
The views are terrific I thought we'd be blown about by the wind , but it 's really calm and relaxing . "
And you know what ?
Despite my initial reservations , he is right .
I have had many bizarre meals over the years : I have tried chocolate - coated grasshoppers in Mexico City and drunk champagne in a revolving restaurant with views over Sydney Harbour .
But these once magical meal - time memories have been rendered pedestrian by my dinner in the sky .
An hour later , safely back on terra firma , I hop off , legs still shaking , cheeks still ruddy , and marvelling both at my unexpected bravery and the hitherto undiscovered capacity of my bladder .
Now I just need to find a decent place to have something to eat .
Communications executives say proposed amendments to the Digital Economy Bill threaten free speech .
A letter published by the Financial Times says the House of Lords amendment , 120A , would have unintended consequences that far outweigh any benefits it could bring .
The bill would change the UK 's procedures on injunctions so that internet service providers ( ISPs ) would block more websites accused of illegally hosting copyrighted material without a court order , the letter said .
It was signed by the CEOs of BT , Orange , Google , Yahoo , Facebook , eBay , Virgin Media , Carphone Warehouse , the Internet Service Providers Association , Consumer Focus and Open Rights Group , as well as celebrity Stephen Fry , MP Tom Watson and university lecturers .
The letter comes a week after the proposed change attracted hostile criticism from media lawyers and industry observers .
The amendment went beyond even what the controversial US Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) required , said online copyright lawyer Francis Davey .
The US is trying to get DMCA language included in the controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement .
ISPs would be better off under DMCA than under Amendment 120a , Davey said .
The letter said , " Blocking access as envisaged by this clause would both widely disrupt the internet in the UK and elsewhere and threaten freedom of speech and the open internet , without reducing copyright infringement as intended . "
The writers said there were " myriad " legal , technical and practical issues to reconcile before the amendment could be considered proportionate and necessary .
" In some cases , these may never be reconciled .
These issues have not even been considered in this case , " they said .
The letter warned that the amendment could harm the UK as a place to do online business and conflict with the broader objectives of Digital Britain .
" This debate has created tension between specific interest groups and the bigger prize of promoting a policy framework that supports our digital economy and appropriately balances rights and responsibilities .
All parties should take steps to safeguard this prize and place it at the heart of public policy in this area , " the letter said .
Fliegen , Kämpfen , Schleichen und sogar Fotos schießen gehören zu den unterschiedlichen Spielelementen
Deine verrückten und einzigartigen Gefährten helfen dir bei deinen schwersten Aufgaben
Großartiges Design und atemberaubende Spielmusik
Seit Jahrhunderten wird der Planet Hillys von einer unbarmherzigen Alienspezies bombardiert .
Die rebellische Action - Reporterin Jade zweifelt an der Fähigkeit ihrer Regierung , die Eindringlinge zu vertreiben , und macht sich auf den Weg , um die Wahrheit aufzudecken .
Mit ihrer Kamera , einem Dai - Jo - Stab und wilder Entschlossenheit bewaffnet entdeckt sie schockierende Beweise , die auf eine schreckliche Verschwörung in Regierungskreisen hindeuten .
Nun ist sie gezwungen , gegen ein böse Macht zu kämpfen , die sie nicht versteht .
Schließe dich der Rebellion als Action - Reporterin Jade an , tritt einer geheimen Widerstandsbewegung bei und enthülle mit List , Stärke und Verstand die Geheimnisse deiner Regierung .
Setze alle Hebel in Bewegung , bis du die Verschwörung aufdeckst und dein Volk die Wahrheit erfährt .
Betritt eine futuristische
Welt voller Täuschungen , in der nichts so ist , wie es scheint .
Das Aufdecken der Wahrheit ist die einzige Hoffnung , um die Freiheit wiederzuerlangen .
© 2003 Ubisoft Entertainment .
All Rights Reserved .
Beyond Good and Evil , Ubisoft , and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the U.S. and / or other countries .
For what she called her “ violent ” arrest outside the 2008 Republican National Convention ( RNC ) , journalist and author Amy Goodman has joined with The Center for Constitutional Rights in filing a federal lawsuit against police and the Secret Service , issuing a stark challenge to policies governing their treatment of protesters .
Goodman said her producers Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar were injured as police took them to the ground , with Salazar ’s nose bloodied and Kouddous ’s arm severely twisted .
The whole time , they were demanding police not place them under arrest , shouting “ Press ! Press ! ” and waiving their media badges .
ADVERTISEMENT
Instead , Goodman told RAW STORY during a Thursday conference call that unnamed Secret Service agents “ ripped the credentials from around our necks ” and police removed the batteries from their cameras , “ which makes it very clear what they were after . ”
The YouTube video of Goodman ’s arrest quickly became the most popular clip on the site in the 2008 RNC ’s first days .
“ I think that ’s what freed us after a number of hours , ” she told reporters .
“ Goodman v. St. Paul seeks compensation and an injunction against law enforcementÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s unjustified encroachment on First Amendment rights , including freedom of the press and the independence of the media , ” The Center for Constitutional Rights summarized in an advisory .
“ Attorneys say the government cannot limit journalistsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ right to cover matters of public concern by requiring that they present a particular perspective ; for instance , the government cannot require journalists to Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ embedÃ¢â ‚
¬
Â with state authorities , ” they continued .
“ Goodman further asserts that the government cannot , in the name of security , limit the flow of information by acting unwarrantedly against journalists who report on speech protected by the First Amendment , such as dissent , and the public acts of law enforcement . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The media are the eyes and ears of the American peopleÃ¢â‚¬â€ that is why there are laws to protect them , ” CCR attorney Anjana Samant added .
“ Law enforcement and Secret Service agents are not exempt from those laws in their dealings with un-embedded journalists who are documenting peaceful protestors or law enforcementÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s use of force and violence against those protestors [ sic ] . ”
“ While most protesters demonstrated peacefully , some engaged in property damage , slashing car tires , throwing bottles , tipping trash bins and breaking windows of cars and buildings , ” Democracy Now ! reported shortly after the arrests .
“ One of the broken windows came in the building that houses Saint Paul Neighborhood NetworkÃ¢â‚¬â€thatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s SPNN Ã¢â‚¬â€ where Democracy Now ! is broadcasting from this week .
“ But police used harsh tactics , including chemical irritants , to disperse everyone , even those protesters who remained peaceful .
Officers in riot gear fired teargas , pepper spray , rubber bullets in a series of standoffs around the downtown St. Paul area . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Police arrested 283 people during the RNC ’s opening day and had in the weeks prior been engaging in targeted harassment of activists .
Over 800 arrests were made during the convention .
The New York Times noted that an estimated 50 of those detained were journalists .
Said Goodman : “ Democracy is a messy thing and it ’s our job to capture it all .
We should n’t have to get a record to put things on the record . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video of Amy Goodman ’s arrest is from outside the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota , published to YouTube on Sept. 1 , 2008 .
This video of Nicole Salazar ’s arrest is from outside the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul , Minnesota , published to YouTube on Sept. 2 , 2008 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video of the 2008 RNC protests was captured by protesters on the scene and features some narration by a reporter from Minnesota citizen journalism outlet The Uptake , published Sept. 3 , 2008 .
Not many people in the computer world remembered H. Edward Roberts , not after he walked away from the industry more than three decades ago to become a country doctor in Georgia .
Bill Gates remembered him , though .
As Dr. Roberts lay dying last week in a hospital in Macon , Ga. , suffering from pneumonia , Mr. Gates flew down to be at his bedside .
Mr. Gates knew what many had forgotten : that Dr. Roberts had made an early and enduring contribution to modern computing .
He created the MITS Altair , the first inexpensive general - purpose microcomputer , a device that could be programmed to do all manner of tasks .
For that achievement , some historians say Dr. Roberts deserves to be recognized as the inventor of the personal computer .
For Mr. Gates , the connection to Dr. Roberts was also personal .
It was writing software for the MITS Altair that gave Mr. Gates , a student at Harvard at the time , and his Microsoft partner , Paul G. Allen , their start .
Later , they moved to Albuquerque , where Dr. Roberts had set up shop .
The photograph shows a starkly handsome Chinese man walking with a model 's measured gait , and wearing a rag - tag but well co-ordinated overcoat on top of a leather jacket .
His eyes peer into the middle distance , in what one fan described as " a deep and penetrating way " , and he strides confidently forward .
But this is no catwalk model .
This is a homeless man in the city of Ningbo .
And now a band of web followers are calling him the coolest man in China .
His good looks and bohemian dress sense have won him thousands of online fans after a resident of Ningbo posted a picture online .
Web users in China have called him the " Beggar Prince " , the " Handsome Vagabond " , and , most often , " Brother Sharp " .
He is 5ft 8in , around 35 years old , and always has a cigarette between his fingers .
He also appears to have a fondness for women 's clothes , which has only served to fuel his status as a fashion icon .
His good looks are reminiscent of popular Asian actors like Takeshi Kaneshiro or the Oscar - nominated Ken Watanabe .
One particularly striking picture juxtaposes Brother Sharp 's with a model showing the latest Dolce & Gabbana collection .
" Look at him wrinkle his brow ... nothing needs to be said ... sexy ... " , ran one comment on the Tianyu site .
Another wrote : " He does n't really look like a beggar , more like a vagabond .
The quality of this person 's tops are all not bad , a down jacket , cotton jacket , even a leather jacket inside , and though they 're a bit dirty , they 're all in good condition , not the kind that beggars find from the trash . "
The suggestion that homelessness can be cool chimes with a fashion trend that many have considered tasteless : in January , the designer Vivienne Westwood presented a " homeless chic " show in which models were styled to look like rough sleepers , a move prefigured by Ben Stiller 's satirical film Zoolander , which featured a similar show called Derelicte .
Two years ago the supermodel Erin Wasson revealed the homeless were her fashion inspiration , saying : " When I ... see the homeless , like , I 'm like , ' Oh my God , they 're pulling out , like , crazy looks and they , like , pull shit out of like garbage cans . ' "
But anyone with similar designs on Brother Sharp 's sartorial tips is out of luck .
His identity remains a secret , and social workers in Ningbo say they want to keep it that way .
" Homeless people are vulnerable .
It is incorrect to use them for entertainment purposes , " said one worker at a homeless centre in Ningbo .
Brother Sharp is said to appear mentally disturbed when approached on the street .
In China , begging is technically illegal , as the Communist Party - run state provides all a citizen could need .
In reality , the rapid development of the Chinese economy in the last 30 years has marginalised many .
The rumours surrounding Brother Sharp 's true identity persist .
Some say he is a university graduate who lost his mind after his girlfriend left him .
Others have blogged about how they sought him out and tried to help him find work or to go back to his family , but that he appeared frightened and cried out without speaking .
The so - called “ warrior gene ” has been associated with many traits , from gun carrying to gout ( Image : Raul Arboleda / AFP / Getty Images )
The story of one gene epitomises popular misconceptions about how our DNA shapes us .
But it can also teach some crucial lessons , says Ed Yong
Our tale begins two decades ago , when a group of Dutch women set out to find an explanation for the antisocial behaviour of the males in their family .
As well as having learning difficulties , these men and boys were prone to outbursts of aggression and were racking up a list of serious offences , including arson , attempted rape and murder .
Suspecting that the behaviour might be hereditary , the women approached geneticist Hans Brunner at the University Hospital in Nijmegen , the Netherlands .
Eventually , in 1993 , he tracked down the culprit : a defunct variant of a gene called monoamine oxidase A , or MAOA , located on the X chromosome .
Understandably , the announcement created a sensation .
It was the first time a gene had been linked to human aggression – and MAOA seemed to be responsible for a history of violence stretching back five generations .
In the following years , evidence poured in to bolster the connection between MAOA and aggression .
Then , in 2004 , journalist Ann Gibbons sealed the link by giving MAOA the headline - friendly label “ warrior gene ” .
The moniker stuck , raising the profile of MAOA , and at the same time fuelling misconceptions about how our behaviour is affected by our genetic make - up .
Unravelling the interaction between genes and behaviour is one of the toughest tasks in biology .
The publication of the entire human genetic code , a decade ago , dispelled any illusions that …
PolicyTiger.com :
Your final destination to find best insurance and loan plan
PolicyTiger.com is all that you need to find the best insurance plan and loan for you and your family .
Be it Health Insurance , Life Insurance or Car Insurance or loans - PolicyTiger.com is your final destination to arrive at an informed decisio .
We help you gather informatio for health insurance , life insurance car insurance and loan from leading companies in India .
Insurance is confusing : around 45 insurers and growing , different price for different plans , complicated features and benefits , and agents pushing products where they earn maximum commission .
With PolicyTiger.com , you can do your research in minutes ..
Our blogs and FAQs are written in a lucid and unbiased manner to help you gather the information you need before deciding on a insurance policy
This blog is a record of me learning stuff .
I hope that in the process of recording and expressing technical stuff I will learn it better .
What is technical stuff ?
Mostly development and computer programming , networking and other geeky tips .
Enjoy !
Photo : BikePortland $ 142 billion in obesity - related health care costs and lost wages due to illness .
As much as $ 80 billion in health care costs and premature death caused by air pollution from traffic .
A whopping $ 180 billion from traffic crashes – lost wages , health care costs , property damage , travel delay , legal costs , pain and suffering … do we need to go on ?
These are some of the hidden costs of a car - centric society .
The American Public Health Association , in a recent report , argues that these costs have been ignored for too long as decision - makers hash out transportation policies .
Instead , transportation projects usually focus on construction costs , acquiring rights of way , expected revenues ( such as tolls ) , and operation and maintenance .
Our dependence on automobiles and roadways has profound negative impacts on human health : decreased opportunities for physical activity , and increased exposure to air pollution , and the number of traffic crashes .
The health costs associated with these impacts , including costs associated with loss of work days and wages , pain and suffering , and premature death , may be as high as several hundred billion dollars .
In some cases , says the APHA , finding numbers to estimate transportation - related health costs might be somewhat elusive — for example , the effect of transportation on mental health , stress , and social cohesion .
But costs associated with obesity ( from not walking or biking ) , respiratory illness ( from air pollution ) , and injuries ( from crashing ) are supported by research and should be considered , the group says .
Health impacts and costs have typically not been considered in the transportation policy , planning , and funding decision - making process .
There are few standards or models for estimating health costs .
However , existing research can be used to estimate the population at risk , the magnitude of the health impact , and the health costs associated with those impacts .
Growing recognition of the connection between transportation , land development and health has resulted in some studies and examples where health impacts and costs have been considered and assessed .
These examples not only demonstrate that health costs should be a significant factor in decision - making , but also show that calculating such costs is indeed possible .
Factoring in health costs is possible because the work has been done .
In San Francisco , public health officials calculated potential costs from increased car vs. pedestrian injuries — $ 3.4 million — as they planned for growth in five neighborhoods .
At California State University in Fullerton , researchers estimated health care savings from meeting clean air standards — $ 6 billion in the San Joaquin Valley and $ 22 billion in the three - county region that includes Los Angeles .
Now , if only we could factor those costs into the per-gallon price of gasoline , we might really get a few cars off the road .
Here is a collection of early 20th century travel posters for Japanese steamship companies ( from the book Miwaku no Funatabi , published by the Museum of Maritime Science , 1993 ) .
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1909
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1916
Oriental Steamship Co. , 1919 ( Chinese poster )
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1916
Japan Mail Steamship Co. ( NYK ) , 1910
Korean Mail Steamship Co. , 1918
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1912
Japan Mail Steamship Co. ( NYK ) , 1914
Japan Mail Steamship Co. ( NYK ) , 1940
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1909
Osaka Mercantile Steamship Co. , Ltd. , 1916
Oriental Steamship Co. , 1914
Japan Mail Steamship Co. ( NYK ) , 1909
Japan Mail Steamship Co. ( NYK ) , 1928 - 1930
Recently by Gary North : Central Banks Are On the Defensive
Two events took place last week that would have been inconceivable a year ago .
First , on February 20 , Ron Paul won CPAC ’s straw poll for the Republican Party ’s nominee for President of the United States in 2012 .
CPAC is the Conservative Political Action Conference .
He routed Mitt Romney : 31 % to 22 % .
Sarah Palin did far worse : 7 % .
Second , Charles Plosser gave a speech hostile to Federal Reserve policy .
Plosser is the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia .
He went public with his concerns .
He delivered a speech to the World Affairs Council of Philadelphia on February 17 .
The WAC has chapters in major cities .
It is an important outlet for people in high positions inside the Establishment .
His speech is here .
He said : “ The views expressed today are my own and not necessarily those of the Federal Reserve System or the FOM . ”
You can say that again , Chuck !
His basic pitch was the same old story : the need for an independent central bank .
That goes back to 1694 : the founding of the Bank of England .
The Federal Reserve System is the enforcement arm of a banking cartel .
It possesses this authority by means of a monopoly from the government .
He never mentioned this .
FED officials never do .
They wax eloquent about checks and balances .
So did he .
President Woodrow Wilson and Congress intentionally structured the Federal Reserve with checks and balances to protect and serve our diverse nation .
Americans have a long history of suspicion toward the concentration of authority .
So , our uniquely American form of a central bank strikes a balance between centralization and decentralization ; between the public and private sectors ; and among Washington , Wall Street , and Main Street .
The result is a central bank that achieves a delicate balance : it permits policymakers a good deal of independence when conducting monetary policy but in return requires transparency and accountability to the American people .
Delicate balance , my foot .
The system has achieved a 95 % reduction of the dollar ’s value since 1914 , according to the inflation calculator of the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Plosser does not trust Congress .
He thinks Congress is always ready to inflate .
He is correct .
The problem is this : so is the FED .
Moreover , there can be a conflict between what monetary policy may be able to achieve over the short term versus its impact over the long term .
For example , in the short term , it might seem expedient or even desirable to try to spur economic growth and employment by setting excessively accommodative monetary policy .
Yet , this will only lead to very bad economic outcomes in the long term — including higher inflation , higher interest rates , and an eventual tightening of policy to control inflation that may be detrimental to the economy .
These outcomes would be inconsistent with the long - term goals set by Congress .
Delegating the decision - making to an independent central bank that can focus on long - term policy goals is a way of limiting the temptation for short - term gains at the expense of the future .
What makes him think the FED will show restraint ?
It did n’t in 2008 .
The fiscal authorities should not think of the central bank as a source of funds or a piggy bank simply to avoid the difficult choices of cutting spending or raising taxes .
Efforts to politicize central banks can be seen as a way for the fiscal authorities to strengthen their influence on the printing press to avoid difficult fiscal choices .
This is correct .
What he did not mention is that the FED has almost always capitulated to Congress .
Also , to maintain the solvency and profitability of the largest banks , the FED inflates .
The highly placed members of the World Affairs Council believe the FED .
They have no understanding of the FED ’s history or what causes the declining value of the dollar .
These people have been educated to believe the FED .
Only since 2008 has a small minority of Americans finally sensed that something is wrong and the FED is the cause .
These Americans are not WAC members .
THE FED’S MORTGAGE MARKET BAILOUT
Late in the speech , he fired this torpedo .
He targeted the FED ’s purchase of $ 1.2 trillion of illiquid Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae bonds in 2008 .
In addition , the Fed greatly increased the size of its balance sheet and changed its composition , substituting less liquid , long - term assets , such as securities backed by mortgages guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , for the short - term Treasury securities it typically held before the crisis .
These policies have veered toward deciding how public money should be allocated across firms and sectors of the economy .
I believe that if the government must intervene in allocating credit in this manner , such decisions properly belong to the fiscal authorities — not to the central bank .
The Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) decided to bankroll the Federal government ’s nationalization of the mortgage market in September 2008 .
It bought the bonds of these two bankrupt companies rather than letting the government make the decision and then increase its official debt to bail out these giants .
It is significant that Paul Volcker , the Chairman of the FED , 1979 — 1987 , said in an interview over the weekend that the nation ’s home mortgage market has to be restructured .
He did not say that it must be made private .
He said Congress must restructure it .
The hybrid system did not work , he said : part government , part private .
If Congress restructures the system , it will not be made exclusively private .
It will either be 100 % government - run or else it will be a hybrid .
Plosser continued :
By making these unprecedented lending decisions , and at times being less transparent than we could have been , the Fed has opened itself up to criticism from various sources and has encouraged the idea that monetary policy decisions may be influenced by political or other special interests .
This is not a healthy development .
That was torpedo # 1 .
I could hardly believe what I read .
He is on target , except for one thing : criticism of the FED is entirely healthy .
It is vital .
It is growing .
HYPERINFLATION
He added this :
History is replete with examples in which central banks became agents for a nation ’s fiscal policy or a means for a political party to remain in power .
Just in the 20th century think of the hyperinflation in Germany between the Word Wars ; think of Italy before the euro ; think of the numerous financial crises in Latin America , and the current economic chaos in Zimbabwe to name just a few .
The consequences — higher inflation , currency crises , and economic instability — are not good .
That this has happened twice in the first half of the twentieth century to European nations that lost two world wars is not surprising .
That it also happened to an African tribal tyranny run by a Marxist is also not surprising .
Plosser implied that only the FED stands between us and a Congress ready to adopt hyperinflation .
Let us hope that he is correct .
What he did not mention is the fact that , given the FED ’s previous monetary inflation , the only way for the FED to stand in the GAP between Congress and hyperinflation is to adopt monetary stability .
That will produce a depression , just as it almost did in October 2008 .
The FED blinked .
Plosser opposes Ron Paul ’s bill to audit the FED .
No surprise there .
That is the # 1 FED priority today — to see that this never happens .
He said : “ Being independent does not mean the Fed is unaccountable .
The Fed is ultimately accountable to Congress and the American people . ”
He said this with a straight face .
This is the FED ’s Party Line .
That anyone still believes this is amazing .
Congress merely asks an audit of the FED by a Federal government agency , and the FED goes ballistic .
The Reserve Banks ’ structure also helps increase transparency by communicating economic and monetary policy objectives and actions through educational outreach and speeches like this one , as well as discussions with their boards of directors and other groups .
That is , the FED can send out well - paid Ph.D. - holding PR flaks to promote its Party Line .
The Fed has increased the degree of transparency regarding its monetary policy decisions over the past two decades .
The FOMC issues a statement after each meeting , detailed minutes three weeks later , and verbatim transcripts after five years .
If the FED wanted to increase transparency , it would post a verbatim transcript of the FOMC meetings within 24 hours .
Congress does this in “ The Congressional Record . ”
Why not the FED ?
The FED fought this anti-delay tooth and nail two decades ago .
It finally capitulated : a three - week delay .
The Fed publishes weekly balance sheets , monthly and quarterly reports , and detailed annual financial statements audited by an independent public accounting firm .
The GAO also frequently audits many of the Fed ’s functions , including its supervisory and regulatory functions and its services to the U.S. Treasury .
The Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) should audit all of the FED ’s accounts , including the gold supply , every quarter .
The GAO should have 100 % control over the audit .
This is what Ron Paul ’s bill provides .
SELL SOME F/F BONDS !
Then he fired another torpedo .
He called for the sale of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae bonds in the FED ’s portfolio .
Not all of them — why not ? — but some .
To promote a clearer distinction between monetary policy and fiscal policy and to help safeguard the Fed ’s independence , I advocate that we implement monetary policy using a portfolio that contains only Treasury securities , preferably concentrated in bills and short - term coupon bonds .
Like Ulysses and the Sirens , the Fed could help preserve its independence by limiting the scope of its ability to engage in activities that blur the boundary lines between monetary and fiscal policy .
Thus , as the economic recovery gains strength and monetary policy begins to normalize , I would favor our beginning to sell some of the agency mortgage - backed securities from our portfolio rather than relying only on redemptions of these assets .
Doing so would help extricate the Fed from the realm of fiscal policy and housing finance .
It will take some time for the Fed ’s portfolio to return to its pre-crisis composition , but we should begin taking steps in that direction sooner rather than later .
Incredible !
Who does he think will buy them ?
At what discount ?
And why not call for the sale of all of them ?
Yet even to suggest any sale is incredible .
This was a torpedo into the side of the Good Ship Bernanke .
He went even further :
I also believe that the Fed ’s 13 ( 3 ) lending authority should be either eliminated or severely curtailed .
Such lending should be done by the fiscal authorities only in emergencies and , if the Fed is involved , only upon the written request of the Treasury .
Any non-Treasury securities or collateral acquired by the Fed under such lending should be promptly swapped for Treasury securities so that it is clear that the responsibility and accountability for such lending rests explicitly with the fiscal authorities , not the Federal Reserve .
To codify this arrangement , I believe we should establish a new Fed - Treasury Accord , a step that I began to publicly advocate almost a year ago .
This would eliminate the ability of the Fed to engage in “ bailouts ” of individual firms or sectors and place such responsibility with the Treasury and Congress , squarely where it belongs .
That was torpedo # 2 .
Finally , I think we must work harder to enhance and improve the transparency of the Federal Reserve .
We have come a long way in the last 20 years , but the actions I have just mentioned — adopting an explicit Treasuries - only policy and eliminating or vastly restricting 13 ( 3 ) authority through a new Fed - Treasury Accord — can help restore the public ’s confidence and trust in the institution and preserve our independence to conduct sound monetary policy on behalf of the entire nation .
That was torpedo # 3 .
He even fired one at Greenspan and Bernanke .
Yet economic theory and the historical record suggest that turning monetary policy and thus the printing of money over to the fiscal authorities or the political process would be worse .
Indeed , I would ask those who think the Fed kept interest rates too low for too long in the early part of this decade to imagine the outcome had the process been more political .
CONCLUSION
This speech was remarkable .
He gave the same old bromides about FED independence , but , in doing so , he admitted that the FED has been involved in a series of unwise inflationary policies : keeping rates too low ( read : still ) , bailing out private corporations ( read : Wall Street ) , and bailing out the mortgage market .
He wants this stopped .
So do I .
A full gold coin standard would stop it , coupled with the abolition of legal tender for the currency .
He did not mention this .
A speech from a FED bank president this hostile to Bernanke ’s policies is an unusual event .
He is still part of the FED Establishment , but he has raised questions that the media should cover , but wo n’t .
As word gets out on the Web , more voters will be exposed to the reality of the FED .
This is a nightmare for the FED .
The fact that Ron Paul won the straw poll for CPAC over the weekend indicates that word is getting out .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2010 Gary North
GAO : Postal Service business ' not viable '
By Ed O'Keefe
Updated 2:55 p.m. ET
Happy Monday !
The U.S. Postal Service 's current business model " is not viable " and the mail agency should make deeper job and wage cuts , hire more part - time staff and consider outsourcing operations , according to a draft of a government audit acquired by The Federal Eye .
Auditors also urge Congress to remove restrictions on the Postal Service 's ability to cut Saturday mail delivery and close post offices , according to the report , which offers recommendations similar to the USPS 's own proposed 10 - year business plan .
Lawmakers requested the Government Accountability Office report , set for a Monday release , as they prepare to consider the USPS plan , which was introduced last month .
The proposals call for an end to six - day delivery and ask Congress to give the mail agency the ability to raise prices beyond the rate of inflation and close post offices if necessary .
( The full report is out -- read it here . )
The report 's conclusions pleased top postal officials who are gathered this week in Nashville for the annual National Postal Forum , a convention for the mail agency 's largest customers .
Postmaster General John E. Potter said Sunday he was pleased with the GAO 's general conclusions , but concerned with suggestions in the report that further study of the issue is required .
" We 've studied this significantly , the time for study is over , now 's the time for action , " he said .
Potter and his colleagues estimate the Postal Service will lose a record $ 7 billion in the fiscal year that ends in September and could lose at least $ 238 billion in the next decade if Congress fails to act .
Auditors appeared to push beyond the USPS proposal .
" If no action is taken , risks of larger USPS losses , rate increases and taxpayer subsides will increase , " GAO said .
The Postal Service should provide more lucrative incentive packages to potential retirees to try to accelerate attrition , auditors said .
They also recommended USPS consider outsourcing more delivery routes and mail services to contractors and seek concessions on wage and benefits from its labor unions during negotiations later this year .
Lawmakers also should consider establishing a panel similar to the Base Realignment and Closure Commission to independently recommend changes , the report said .
Auditors suggested that more details are needed about potential delivery cuts and post office closures .
Most lawmakers and regulators have reacted tepidly to proposed changes .
Potter 's meetings in Nashville will be mostly with customers who could suffer from proposed cuts and price increases .
GAO concluded that the recession served as the " tipping point " that accelerated a shift away from traditional snail mail for most of the Postal Service 's biggest customers , including insurance and banking companies .
Sen . Tom Carper ( D - Del. ) , who will lead postal reform efforts in the Senate , said that if GAO 's conclusions are correct , " it is imperative that Congress , postal management , postal employees , customers and other stakeholders give up on old fights and biases and work together to cut the Postal Service 's costs and adjust its operations to meet a changing environment . "
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
• Cabinet and Staff News : President Obama violates longtime press tradition .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Defense Secretary Roberts Gates appear together on " Face , " " Meet " and " This Week . "
Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger canceled anti-assassination orders to Argentina , Chile and Uruguay .
Federal auto safety official set to retire amid Toyoa probe .
Dawn Johnsen withdraws her name from consideration to lead the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel .
DEFENSE DEPARTMENT :
• Fort Hood suspect to be kept isolated in jail : Maj . Nidal Hasan was airlifted from a San Antonio military hospital to the Bell County Jail on Friday .
• As families gather at Dover , efforts to ease pain :
The military has embarked on a building surge at this main entry point for the nation ’s war dead .
GOVERNMENT WORK / LIFE / OPERATIONS :
• Agencies urged to hire more grad students noncompetitively :
A group of public administration schools has proposed largely scrapping the competitive federal hiring process for graduate students in favor of a revitalized internship and apprenticeship program .
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT :
• Federal judge orders release of Guantanamo Bay detainee : U.S. District Court Judge James Robertson ruled the Mauritanian must be released from custody because the government was unable to prove that at the time of his capture he was part of al - Qaeda .
NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION :
• As U.S. attempted to remove nuclear material from Chile , earthquake struck :
While the disaster unfolded , the Energy Department team had packed 39.6 pounds of highly enriched uranium into a shipping container , ready for a secret evacuation by road to a port and then by sea to the United States .
VETERANS AFFAIRS :
• Study : Cause of Gulf
War syndrome may never be found :
As many as 250,000 veterans of the Persian Gulf War " have persistent unexplained medical symptoms " whose cause may never be found , but genetic testing and functional brain imaging may eventually shed some light on the problem .
Follow The Federal Eye on Twitter | Submit your news tips here
Kevin Weeks was a career criminal employed as a Mob hitman , but even he possessed sufficient good judgment and self - restraint to avoid risking the life of a seven - year - old girl .
In Brutal , his aptly titled memoir of the years he spent working for Boston Mob boss — and protected FBI asset — James “ Whitey ” Bulger , Weeks describes how he was given an order to assassinate Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr , who relentlessly tormented Bulger in print .
Weeks set up a sniper nest near Carr ’s home .
He had the target set up for the kill , but did n’t pull the trigger because Carr ’s daughter , “ a little girl , like seven - years - old or so , ” was walking hand - in - hand with her father .
“ I could n’t take a chance of the bullet fragmenting and ricocheting or hitting her or just killing her father in front of her , ” recounts Weeks .
This episode , admittedly , is retold from the self - serving perspective of a convicted murderer .
Ironically , Carr himself , in his valuable book The Brothers Bulger , relates a somewhat similar story of a proposed contract hit that was vetoed by former Boston Mob boss Raymond Patriarca .
The Brothers Bulger : H... Howie Carr Best Price : $ 0.55 Buy New $ 3.56 ( as of 03:15 EST - Details )
Joe Barboza , a hitman employed by Patriarca , pointed out that the hoodlum targeted by the contract lived in a three - story house in Boston .
Barboza suggested that he could “ break into the basement and pour gasoline all around and torch the place , after which I either get him with the smoke inhalation or I pick him off when he ’s climbing out the window . ”
“ Barboza had worked out a plan for every contingency , ” notes Carr .
“ He would bring three shooters with him , to watch each side of the house .
They would cut the telephone lines to the houses , so that the victim could n’t call the fire department .
And just in case one of the neighbors called , before setting the house on fire Barboza planned to phone in false alarms across the city to tie up every fire company . ”
Patriarca , who had few compunctions about killing when it suited him , was n’t keen on Barboza ’s plan , in large measure because of the potential harm to non-combatants .
“ Patriarca asked Barboza if anyone else lived in [ the targeted hoodlum ’s ] house , and Barboza mentioned the victim ’s mother , ” continues Carr .
“ You ’re gonna kill his mother too ? ” asked Patriarca .
“ It ai n’t my fault she lives there , ” the hitman snorted by way of reply .
“ Patriarca canceled the contract , ” Carr tersely summarizes .
Barboza , not surprisingly , proved to be too ruthless and deranged for the Mob , and ended up — like Bulger — as another of the FBI ’s protected assets .
It is a monumental pity that the Detroit Special Response Team , or the decision - makers above them in the Detroit PD , did n’t have the sense of proportionality displayed by Mob figures like Kevin Weeks and Raymond Patriarca .
If they had , the murder suspect they sought — 34 - year - old Chauncey Owens — could have been taken into custody without the midnight paramilitary raid that resulted in the burning and shooting death of seven - year - old Aiyana Jones .
Shortly after midnight on May 16 , while Aiyana — a radiant little girl who might have grown up to resemble Zoe Saldana — was sleeping on the downstairs living room sofa where she would be killed just a few minutes later , the raid team gathered for a “ safety briefing . ”
As described by police sources to the Detroit Free Press , that briefing dealt entirely with considerations of “ officer safety , ” which — as any honest observer will admit — is the highest and most important consideration in any law enforcement operation .
The raid team “ was told there was information that the suspect might be armed , possibly with an assault rifle and a handgun , ” reports the Free Press .
“ Someone said there also might be dangerous dogs and that the house was believed to be a possible dope den . ”
Another intelligence source speculated that the unprepossesing duplex might actually be the location of the missing Iraqi WMDs , which had been stored in a basement vault guarded by a basilisk .
No , not really .
But in its anxiety over officer safety , and its eagerness to stage a properly impressive raid for the benefit of the embedded A&E camera crew , the SRT did not take into account “ the possibility of any children being present , ” despite the fact that the front yard was littered with toys — a clue that even a police officer should be able to recognize — and warnings to that effect offered by neighbors as the raid unfolded .
Street officers and homicide detectives were already on the scene when the SRT ’s armored personnel carrier rolled up in front of the duplex .
The APC was driven by Officer Joseph Weekley , who was also the first through the door after a flash - bang grenade had been thrown through the window .
Weekley went barreling into the living room armed with a machine gun and protected by a ballistic shield .
Meanwhile , Aiyana — according to at least one eyewitness — was being severely burned by the incendiary grenade that had been thrown into her bed .
It ’s not clear whether Aiyana suffered her fatal gunshot wound before or after Weekley entered the house .
In either case , Officer Weekley has been identified as the shooter .
He initially claimed that his gun accidentally went off during a “ scuffle ” with Aiyana ’s 47 - year - old grandmother .
Within a few hours that account was “ clarified ” by the police , who said that there was incidental “ contact ” between Weekley and Aiyana ’s grandmother ; the latter denies having contact of any kind with Weekley .
Geoffrey Fieger , the attorney representing Aiyana ’s family , claims to have seen a videotape of the raid showing that the shot was fired into the house shortly after the grenade was hurled through the downstairs window .
Chauncey Owens , who has been charged with the murder of 17 - year - old Je’Rean Blake , was arrested in the upstairs flat , a separate domicile from the one in which Aiyana was killed .
Prior to the SRT raid , Owens had been seen on the streets near the duplex .
There was no reason — well , none not dictated by the demands of Homeland Security Theater — to mount a midnight paramilitary operation to take Owens into custody .
Why was n’t an effort made to arrest him on the streets — after staking out the duplex , if necessary ?
That question , of course , fails to take into account the “ reality TV ” camera crew .
Once that factor is considered , it ’s a matter of res ipsa loquitir .
A&E ’s Detroit SWAT program made Joseph Weekley a television star .
The May 16 raid , as some veteran police officers might put it , was n’t Weekley ’s first rodeo .
Nor was this the first time his conduct put children at severe risk .
Weekley took part in a February 2007 SRT raid on a Detroit residence occupied by several children .
A lawsuit filed on behalf of the family claims that the SRT gunned down two dogs “ without any justifiable reason whatsoever , ” and that during the operation the officers “ had their guns pointed at … [ a ] child and [ an ] infant . ”
In that 2007 raid Weekley and his comrades were pursuing a suspect in an armed robbery .
As was the case last Sunday , the SRT was n’t dealing with a hostage situation or a barricaded shooter , let alone a heavily armed serial killer on a rampage .
None of the people terrorized by the raid and detained at gunpoint was charged in connection with the crime .
At least in that earlier incident , the SRT — in what appears to be an example of unwonted restraint — declined to use a flash - bang grenade .
Paramilitary units like the Detroit SRT are used to carry out what are described as “ high - risk ” operations .
This description is generally true — when applied to those targeted by the raids ; the risks experienced by the heavily armed raiders in body armor are minuscule .
On average , between 100 — 150 such raids take place every day in this supposedly free country .
Most of them are narcotics enforcement actions against people involved in non-violent , consensual behavior .
Typically , the only “ risk ” confronted by law enforcement personnel in such circumstances is the possibility that if they knock on the door and present their warrant the evidence will disappear down the toilet .
Under this order of priorities , the convenience of prosecutors enforcing asinine drug laws is served at the expense of those brutalized and often killed without reason in their own homes .
The decision to carry out a SRT raid was almost certainly dictated by the media ambitions of Detroit Police Chief Warren Evans , who — in the words of Detroit News columnist Charlie LeDuff — is positioning himself as a “ reality TV ” star .
“ Television executives around the country have been shown what is known in television parlance as the ‘ sizzle reel ’ of Chief Evans himself , a video compilation of Detroit ’s top cop trying to take back the streets , ” writes LeDuff , who saw that footage several weeks ago .
“ It is part of a pitch for a full - blown television series . ”
As Detroit ’s civic and economic implosion accelerates , the city has become an irresistible setting for state - centric media outlets “ peddling mayhem , ” continues LeDuff .
“ Spike TV featured the Detroit bureau of the Drug Enforcement Administration in 2008 .
A&E is taping a season of ‘ Parking Wars ’ here ; production on a series about the Fire Department wrapped late last year .
Even Animal Planet is in on the deal with ‘ Animal Cops Detroit . ' ”
Chief Evans ’ “ reality ” show pitch begins with the uniformed bureaucrat “ gripping a semi-automatic rifle , standing in front of crumbling Michigan Central Depot , staring down a camera and declaring that he ’ll do whatever it takes to take his city back from crime .
The camera will tag along with Warren Evans as he goes on house raids , smokes cigars with his underlings and recalls words to live by told to him by his mother . ”
LeDuff ’s disclosures do much to explain why the A&E camera crew went along on the SRT raid that killed Aiyana Jones , and why the Department chose to stage a midnight “ Shock and Awe ” operation rather than quietly bringing in the suspect .
Aiyana Jones was killed because the Detroit PD wanted to boost Chief Evans ’s Q Score .
Nearly two decades ago , millions of Americans were mortified by the assault on Randy Weaver ’s family in northern Idaho and the federal siege of the Branch Davidians at Mt. Carmel .
In the first atrocity , FBI sniper Lon Horiuchi proved — by gunning down a nursing mother who was cradling her infant daughter — that he was n’t burdened with the scruples that prevented Kevin Weeks from pulling the trigger on Howie Carr .
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
The latter episode ended with the FBI ( aided by the Delta Force ) carrying out — on a much larger scale — an arson / murder plan very similar to the one proposed by Mob hitman Joe Barboza , and vetoed by Mob boss Raymond Patriarca .
As Barboza proposed , the Feds pumped the Branch Davidian dwelling full of gas and , when the fire erupted , used snipers to pick off anybody attempting to flee the holocaust .
They even interdicted fire and emergency crews while the victims burned and suffocated .
Waco and Ruby Ridge were anomalous only in the sense that they were large , well - publicized versions of the daily acts of state terrorism carried out by the Regime , both here and abroad .
Pashtun and Tajik families terrorized by Special Forces raids in Afghanistan could profitably compare notes with survivors of SWAT raids in the United States .
Jason Moon , who served with the U.S. Army in Iraq , brought back a video in which a sergeant told his troops that “ The difference between an insurgent and an Iraqi civilian is whether they are dead or alive . ”
For the benefit of those who fail to take that sergeant ’s meaning , Moon explains : “ If you kill a civilian he becomes an insurgent because you retroactively make that person a threat . ”
Jason Washburn , who served three tours in Iraq , has recounted how troops were encouraged to carry “ drop guns ” to be deposited near newly - minted “ insurgents ” ; eventually , this instruction was modified to permit “ drop shovels , ” since a solider in the heat of combat must assume that someone armed with a shovel was planting an IED , and the holy imperative of “ force protection ” dictates that he take no chances .
By his third tour of Iraq , recounts Marine Jason Wayne Lemue , the rules of engagement had achieved a certain compelling clarity : “ [ W ]e were told to just shoot people and the officers would take care of us . ”
Terrifying as all of this is , the really bad news is that there is substantial reason to believe that there are fewer restrictions on the use of lethal force by domestic paramilitary police than there are on U.S. military personnel operating overseas .
This trend will likely grow much worse when the Homeland Security Apparatus is filled with veterans of the Empire ’s current foreign campaigns .
You know , the kind of people who can blithely dismiss the anguish of a father whose children have been gunned down by foreign invaders by saying , “ Well , it ’s their fault for bringing their children to a battle . ”
I ca n’t help but see just a hint of that casual sadism in the following detail regarding the death of Aiyana Jones : Charles Jones recalls that after he heard a flash grenade followed by a gunshot , he rushed into the living room , where “ police forced him to lie on the ground , with his face in his daughter ’s blood . ”
It was a terrible thing , of course .
But at least the troops were safe .
And , as Joe Barboza might observe , it was n’t the SRT ’s fault that Aiyana lived there .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Coming into the Eastern Conference quarterfinals , the Devils were badly outplayed by the Flyers in one pivotal area : powerplay goals .
While the Flyers ranked second in powerplay goals and third in powerplay assists .
The Devils sat on the other end of the spectrum , ranking 21st in powerplay goals and assists .
Playing against the Flyers , the Devils would get chances .
One of the biggest factors would be whether or not the Devils could make the Flyers pay for their mistakes .
Instead , the Devils have , so far , failed to capitalize on their chances .
In games one , the Flyers handed the Devils an opportunity to beat them with the man advantage .
Down 2 - 0 in game one , the Flyers spent six minutes of the third period in the box , including a double - minor on Oskars Bartulis for high - sticking David Clarkson .
The Devils could n’t even set up in the zone , wasting their opportunities .
It ’s no surprise that the team ended up dropping the first game , 2 - 1 , after missing out on five extra-man opportunities .
Yesterday was another example of the lack of powerplay skill .
The Flyers gave the Devils eight – EIGHT – powerplay opportunities .
The Devils converted on two chances , which is n’t a terrible percentage .
But , on their other six chances , the Devils did little to even apply pressure to the Flyers .
They only managed seven shots on their eight powerplay opportunities .
That ’s less than a shot per attempt .
By the end of the game , the Devils powerplay looked jumbled and confused .
Instead of putting pressure on Brian Boucher and the Flyers defense , the Devils allowed their opportunities to slide away .
That , coupled with the lousy third period play , doomed the Devils in their 3 - 2 loss .
In the Eastern Conference quarterfinals , the Devils are 3 - for - 16 with the man advantage .
That ’s 18.7 %
While it ’s not expected for the Devils to score a powerplay goal every single time they have an advantage , they should be putting pressure on the Flyers defense .
They ’ve looked absolutely terrible so far .
No puck movement , no creativity , and no aggressive play .
Without these three things , the Devils powerplay looks flat and unimaginative .
The only way they can score against a swarming Philadelphia penalty kill is to move the puck and create opportunities .
The usual dump in , play with the puck and try to get a shot off just wo n’t cut it .
By moving the puck quickly , the Devils can open up lanes .
One great example is the Andy Greene powerplay goal in game two .
The Devils used quick passing and deception to draw the Flyers to Ilya Kovalchuk .
With the defense collapsing around the left - winger , Greene worked into the zone and one - timed a pass into the back of the net .
Those things are going to create powerplay chances .
Without doing this , the Devils are going to continue to struggle to put any pressure on the Flyers .
With Philadelphia continuing to give the Devils chances , the powerplay will only grow in importance .
If the Devils ca n’t figure it out , it may become their achilles heel .
English Premier League club West Ham United are interested in signing Brann Bergen youngster Azar Karadas as soon as possible .
The London club invited the striker - turned - defender for trials last Monday , but Brann refused Karadas , 20 , permission to leave in mid-season for trials , the newspaper Bergens Tidende reports .
' Several clubs have made contact and seem to be quite interested in Azar , which I must say is remarkable having in mind that he is only a substitute at Brann , ' Karadas
I once went home from a bar with a girl who had a kitten that she kicked twice , right in front of me .
After we were done , I took the kitten while she slept .
Rating : 2642 Ups 192 Downs Rate it : 9784 Views 158 Comments Favorite
Category : secrets
The Fed has been talking about its " exit strategy " for quite some time .
Few believed he would pull the trigger on anything soon .
Yet , Bernanke , unexpectedly raised the discount rate headed into options expiration .
Please consider the Federal Reserve Discount Rate Announcement released after the market close on February 18 , 2010 .
The Federal Reserve Board on Thursday announced that in light of continued improvement in financial market conditions it had unanimously approved several modifications to the terms of its discount window lending programs .
Like the closure of a number of extraordinary credit programs earlier this month , these changes are intended as a further normalization of the Federal Reserve 's lending facilities .
The changes to the discount window facilities include Board approval of requests by the boards of directors of the 12 Federal Reserve Banks to increase the primary credit rate ( generally referred to as the discount rate ) from 1/2 percent to 3/4 percent .
This action is effective on February 19 .
In addition , the Board announced that , effective on March 18 , the typical maximum maturity for primary credit loans will be shortened to overnight .
Finally , the Board announced that it had raised the minimum bid rate for the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) by 1/4 percentage point to 1/2 percent .
The final TAF auction will be on March 8 , 2010 .
....
The increase in the discount rate announced Thursday widens the spread between the primary credit rate and the top of the FOMC's 0 to 1/4 percent target range for the federal funds rate to 1/2 percentage point .
The increase in the spread and reduction in maximum maturity will encourage depository institutions to rely on private funding markets for short - term credit and to use the Federal Reserve 's primary credit facility only as a backup source of funds .
The Federal Reserve will assess over time whether further increases in the spread are appropriate in view of experience with the 1/2 percentage point spread .
Unsustainable Course
No Short Cuts
Finally , there are no short - cuts .
We currently must adjust from a misallocation of resources .
There is no way to avoid some short - term pain in fixing the fundamentals in our economy .
It is inconvenient for the election cycle , and it is undeniably terrible to have at least 10 percent of the labor force out of work .
But short cuts now mean people out of work again in only a few years because we again try and avoid difficult adjustments .
Outlining a credible course for managing our debt for the future will accelerate the restoration of confidence in our economy and contribute importantly to sustainable capital investment and job growth .
Conclusion
As I mentioned in the beginning , the fiscal projections for the United States are so stunning that , one way or another , reform will occur .
Fiscal policy is on an unsustainable course .
The U.S. government must make adjustments in its spending and tax programs .
It is that simple .
If pre-emptive corrective action is not taken regarding the fiscal outlook , then the United States risks precipitating its own next crisis .
...
The only difference between countries that experience a fiscal crisis and those that do n’t is the foresight to take corrective action before circumstance and markets harshly impose it upon them .
In time , significant and permanent fiscal reforms must occur in the United States .
I much prefer this be done well before anyone feels an irresistible impulse to knock on this central bank ’s door .
Treasuries Decline After Announcement
Treasuries declined after the Federal Reserve raised the discount rate charged to banks for direct loans for the first time in more than three years to encourage financial institutions to rely less on the central bank for short - term borrowing .
“ This is all about how to start draining excess reserve and implementing a tighter policy , ” said Jay Mueller , who manages about $ 3 billion of bonds at Wells Fargo Capital Management in Milwaukee .
“ It ’s not overtly hawkish , but not an indication of perpetual dovishness or accommodation .
This is a necessary step before they could do the rest of the sequence of events . ”
The rate increase is another step in the Fed ’s gradual retreat from its unprecedented actions to halt the deepest financial crisis since the Great Depression .
The central bank has provided hundreds of billions of dollars in backstop credit to banks , bond dealers , commercial paper borrowers and troubled financial institutions such as American International Group Inc .
Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke and policy makers “ have reiterated in every way that this does not signal a change in policy , ” said Aaron Kohli , an interest - rate strategist at primary dealer Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc in Stamford , Connecticut .
“ This is a normalization of policy .
They worked hard to remove the stigma from the discount window , and now they are normalizing the rate . ”
Change In Policy ?
Slow Steps Expected
What Does It Mean ?
Important Takeaway
Brothers arguing over a family member who is critically ill prompted a 911 call by an out - of - town relative .
When officers arrived to the family 's Mira Mesa home , the family ’s dog rushed the front gate and was shot and killed by police .
San Diego police officers were called to the house on Squamish Road for a report of a domestic dispute .
A woman in New York called police when she was concerned that her brothers were fighting and a large stick may have been involved .
One brother , who identified himself by the name Michael , said the two were arguing about their father who had just been hospitalized with a congestive heart problem .
“ I ’ve been up all night so I come home , tell my brother what was going on .
Arguments break out and one thing leads to another .
People are overreacting .
Someone overreacted , ” he said .
When officers arrived , and ordered the brothers out of the home , a 2 - year old pit bull named Blue darted out and went directly for the K - 9 officer who was controlling his dog , according to police .
“ The front door was open and the gate to the front opened up and a pit bull ran , bolted out from the house and charged at the police officers that were out front , ” said SDPD Lt. Ken Hubbs .
“ The officer had to fire right down on the pit bull to protect him and his dog , ” said Hubbs .
Blue died from the single gunshot wound .
“ All it knew was to protect its family .
It did n’t know what was going on , ” said Michael , the dog ’s owner .
Immediately after hearing a gunshot , Michael said he was worried about his own safety .
“ Do n’t kill my brother next .
Do n’t kill me next .
Because he had a phone in his hand and I had a phone in my hand .
All these cops were right there with guns everywhere right around the place , ” he said .
Officers were investigating the scene and interviewing both men involved in the argument .
No one was arrested .
Michael talked with officers after the shooting telling them , “ You guys did what you did or whatever but all I ’ve got to say is that ’s a good dog .
That ’s a real dog because that ’s a loyal dog . ”
A concert performance at the Hammersmith Odeon , recorded in 1979 and featuring songs from the Do It Yourself album .
Recorded live at the Hammersmith Odeon in 1979 .
Ian Dury and The Blockheads could hardly be
described as ' teenage idols ' ; they are all seasoned musicians .
The success of their music stems from Ian 's unique autobiographical approach to writing and The Blockheads ' superb musicianship , a powerful combination which makes for universal appeal .
Ian Dury and The Blockheads have proved they have skill .
Since their first hit single
What A Waste , released in 1978 , they have built a following of loyal fans unparalleled by any other band in Britain .
Their first album New Boots and Panties , sold half a million copies in the UK alone , and their second single Hit Me With Your Rhythm Stick , topped the charts in 1979 .
Their latest album , Do It Yourself , have again put them among the best - sellers .
A concert performance at the Hammersmith Odeon featuring songs from the ' Do it Yourself ' album .
Mice in pain have facial expressions that are very similar to human facial expressions , according to scientists who have developed the " mouse grimace scale . "
The pain expressions of mice could help researchers gauge the effectiveness of new drugs .
People have been using similar facial - expression coding systems in babies and other humans who are unable to verbally express their pain .
" No one has every looked for facial expression of pain in anything other than humans , " said Jeffery Mogil of McGill University , co-author of the study published on May 9 in Nature Methods .
Most pain drugs fail in human trials , because pain - drug effectiveness in rodent trials is based on sensitivity to touch , which is not a good indicator of spontaneous pain , Mogil says .
The mouse grimace scale adds another way to catalog pain and pain mitigation in laboratory animals .
" This is a true measure of spontaneous pain , a measure that was derived from the analogous human scale , " said Mogil .
" If pain researchers would adopt this , we could get more accurate translations [ of drug effectiveness ] to humans . "
Mogil first noticed that mice can sense the pain of other mice in 2006 .
He saw that mice were communicating their pain visually , which had to be either by interpreting each other 's facial expressions or body movements .
Mogil wondered if we could see whatever the mice were seeing .
To test for facial expressions of the mice , Mogil put them through mild to moderate pain tests ( similar to a headache or swollen finger , easily treated with Tylenol or aspirin ) and used high - definition cameras to monitor their expressions .
Pictures from before and after the pain stimulus were shown to technicians at the lab of colleague Kenneth Craig .
The technicians used five facial expressions to determine if the mice were in pain : eye squinting , nose bulge , cheek bulge , ear position and whisker changes .
While two of the expressions , whisker and ear movement , are impossible for humans to create , the other three were taken directly from the human facial expression of pain scale .
" It suggests that this is all a matter of evolution , " Mogil said .
The problem with pain is that it is both an emotional and a physical response .
In humans , one area of the brain is associated with the emotional aspect of pain .
When that area is destroyed by a stroke , patients report feeling sensations , but they do n't describe it as pain .
If this area is damaged in the mice , you can block most of the pained facial expressions without reducing other pain responses .
" What we are seeing in the pain face is the emotional reaction , it could actually be the ' I 'm not happy face , ' " Mogil said .
Mogil also tested his mouse grimace scale on mice who have migraines .
His team could see changes in their facial expressions when they were probably having a migraine , and could see the expressions diminish when they were treated with migraine drugs .
To pet owners and Cute Overload readers , the discovery of facial expressions in other mammals wo n't come as a surprise .
It also would n't have surprised Charles Darwin , who predicted that all mammals express emotion through their faces in his 1872 book The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals .
His book also theorizes that these facial expressions are evolutionarily conserved .
Psychologist Amanda C de C Williams of the University College London thinks this study highlights the evolutionary hardwiring of facial expressions .
" These expressions predate when mice and humans split on the evolutionary scale , " she says .
" If there are characteristic expressions , then all mammals should share them . "
For a long time , scientists thought facial expressions were culturally and behaviorally determined .
Studies of tribes in Papua New Guinea done by Paul Eckman ( who is loosely the basis for the character Cal Lightman in the show Lie to Me ) in 1972 found universally recognized facial expressions in completely isolated cultures and overthrew this theory .
While Eckman did n't do research on pain expressions , the mouse grimace scale beefs up his argument that facial expressions are not only ubiquitous across human cultures , but also all mammals .
" It suits us to think that animals do n't have a real depth of feeling or emotion , so it 's OK to treat them badly , " Williams said .
" Farming practices are n't very sensitive to animals ' feelings .
It 's convenient to just hope they are n't feeling these things . "
* Images : * Jeffery Mogil
See Also :
Citation : " Coding of Facial Expression of Pain in the Laboratory Mouse " by Dale J Langford , Andrea L Bailey , Mona Lisa Chanda , Sarah E Clarke , Tanya E Drummond , Stephanie Echols , Sarah Glick , Joelle Ingrao , Tammy Klassen - Ross , Michael L LaCroix - Fralish , et al .
Nature Methods , early online publication , May 9 , 2010 .
doi:10.1038/nmeth.1455
One thing that keeps coming up in comments , both here and on my column , is the widespread belief that all we need to do on the banking front is ( a ) break up the big banks , so that none of them are too big to fail ( b ) promise not to bail out any banks in the future .
That way , the claim goes , bankers will know that they will face dire consequences if they misbehave , and market discipline will do the rest .
Dream on .
There are at least three things crucially wrong with this argument .
First , even when banks can fail , bank managers and / or owners have an incentive to make risky bets ; after all , their downside is limited — at worst , the bank goes under — while their upside is n’t : if they can earn high profits for a few years , they can walk away with a lot .
Remember that in the S&L crisis of the 1980s , quite a few people made out like bandits while running their banks into the ground .
Second , a wave of bank runs that brings down many small banks can do as much damage as the failure of a few big banks .
The biggest banks did n’t fail in 1930 - 1931 , when a generalized run on the system began with the failure of the 28th largest bank in America ; nonetheless , the results were catastrophic .
The idea that we can cheerfully let banks fail as long as none of them is big is just wrong .
In fact , we know what a system in which banks are allowed to fail looks like : that ’s how the US banking system worked before the creation of the Fed .
And you know what ?
It was n’t a smoothly functioning system , with sound banking enforced by market discipline ; it was a system periodically wracked by “ panics ” that destroyed peoples ’ savings and plunged the economy into recession .
Finally , because that ’s what really happens when banks are allowed to fail freely , promises not to bail out banks in the future are n’t credible .
Fail to reform finance now , and there will be two , three , many TARPs in our future .
What is true is that there are bailouts and then there are bailouts .
What has to be protected in a crisis are bank deposits and things like bank deposits — basically , bank - created money .
Money market accounts and “ repo ” — very short - term loans in which businesses often park their funds — have to be protected to avoid 1930 - 31 - type collapses .
On the other hand , bank shareholders and long - term bondholders can be made to pay a price without collapsing the system .
Now , in 2008 - 2009 the shareholders were not cleaned out , and the bondholders left untouched ; in part this was a policy decision , but it was also influenced by the lack of “ resolution authority ” : there was no clean , well - established route for seizing complex financial institutions .
We can fix that , and deal with future Citigroups ( one of which , given history , is likely to be … Citigroup ) the way the FDIC deals with smaller banks : protect the depositors , clean out the shareholders .
But just letting banks fail is n’t going to happen — nor should it .
In practice , talking about doing so is just an excuse to avoid real reform .
Over the 10 years I have had children , feeding them has become an increasing burden .
Everywhere I look I find reasons to feel anxious and guilty .
These days , for example , I tend to avoid the supermarket fish counter , in the hope that forgoing a few omega fatty acids will ensure there is still some cod around when my daughters are old enough to trawl the aisles .
I make a beeline for the fruit and veg section , only to find myself agonising over how to fulfil my five - a- day obligation .
Oppressed by the stonking great carbon footprint on all the imported fruit , I search in vain for the Great British " apple a day " that might keep the doctor away .
In my head I hear my mother 's voice , just a little bit smug – " We never had those sorts of problem when you were growing up … " I know , I know .
And everyone was healthier and slimmer ; and they did n't throw anything away .
When my first child , Ellie , was born , Mum gave me a treasured heirloom – her mother 's recipe book .
Bound in linen , its spine a little torn and battered after more than six decades of hard labour , it was more than a piece of memorabilia .
There , in Granny 's careful , Edwardian hand , I was being offered access to a whole new way of life .
Leek flan , bacon and cheese pie , eggs florentine …
From the spattered pages arose all sorts of comforting associations – fresh spinach , dry and earthy on my sensitive young tongue ;
Granny bowed over her red formica table , rolling out pastry .
Her cooking was a response to the limitations of government rations rather than the cornucopia of the supermarket ; the dishes were wholesome and reassuring – perfect nursery food .
As my children got older , I found myself preferring this family cookbook to the celebrity - fronted alternatives on my shelves .
I found it infinitely more practical and imaginative .
It was particularly useful when we got an allotment and needed to remember what to do with a glut of courgettes or tomatoes that refused to ripen .
Later , when I took Ellie pet - shopping and came home with a couple of chickens , it offered all that Granny could teach about home - reared eggs .
My grandparents were very happy keeping chickens in the back garden during the era of Dig for Victory .
When the war ended and egg production was taken over by the corporations , Grandpa still kept herding his Rhode Island Reds around .
I had vague memories of myself as a toddler , confronting those prehistoric creatures , and later the thrill of discovering their eggs – so much better for you than shop - bought ones , Grandpa said .
It has taken a while for science to catch up , but recent research from the US Department of Agriculture agrees – hens foraging on pasture produce eggs containing 34 % less cholesterol than those on industrial feed .
Industrial feed is what modern commercial chickens eat ( whether caged or not , organic or not ) – dusty grey pellets said to contain all they need for a healthy existence .
Eggs from those non-industrial American hens are also 10 % lower in fat , 40 % higher in vitamin A , offer twice as much omega - 6 , and four times as much omega - 3 … the sort of nutrition profile that any fish would be proud of .
For those of us suffering footprint guilt , industrial feed is a bad idea even before it affects the egg .
This is because its main protein content is soya meal – most likely , Brazilian soya grown where there used to be glorious , carbon - capturing rainforest .
It did n't used to be like that , of course .
Though Granny 's recipe book only contained dishes for human consumption , I remember well enough what her pre-pellet hens used to eat : all the wild stuff they could forage – grass and bugs and worms ; a scattering of corn from the local farm ; loads of greens – old cabbages or weeds hung with a piece of string from the bars of their run ; slugs and snails from the veg plot ; and kitchen scraps .
The amount of scraps available in my kitchen would have appalled my grandparents – on top of the carrot peelings come my children 's breakfast cereal swimming in milk , and far too much of that wholesome fare I had so earnestly provided .
The idea of feeding leftovers to the chickens came as a huge relief .
No more long - winded suppers , having to serve up a lecture on the starving millions .
Instead , I began whisking away the children 's plates with – " Great – the chickens will love that . "
The retro chicken feeding regime inherited from my grandparents offers all sorts of novel forms of entertainment .
A drizzly day becomes an opportunity for a snail hunt .
Little Bea always manages to find a good dozen gastropods beneath any pot or stone .
I even manage to persuade her that it 's fun helping me to pull dandelions and other delicacies from the pavements or from the borders of her playground .
Both daughters appreciate the results in the kitchen : the way breakfast sits up pertly in the frying pan , rather than flat and omelette - like ; the way the yolks change colour depending on what the hens ate the day before .
A supper of cow parsley or cabbage leads to something much more interesting – a glorious , sunshine yellow sometimes tending to emerald .
Having established that 21st - century chickens thrive on a 1940s diet , I recently expanded my flock .
There are now six birds in our modest back garden , just as there might have been half a century ago .
The five minutes a day I invest in feeding and watering them is well worth it , when the returns are so satisfying : cheap , delicious , healthy eggs in abundance .
And a serious reduction in anxiety and guilt .
Which means that I at last feel able to open up the extensive puddings section in Granny 's recipe book .
Raspberry soufflé , fancy rhubarb pie , baked apple pudding …
My girls wo n't be leaving any of these on the plate .
I wonder if a double portion of the soufflé might qualify as half their five - a- day count ?
Julia Hollander 's book Chicken Coops for the Soul is published by Guardian Books at £ 12.99 .
To order a copy for £ 8.99 with free UK p&p , visit guardianbooks .co.uk or call 0330 333 6846
Zefram recently posted a patch to add package BLOCK syntax to Perl 5 .
If this were available now in 5.12 ( or 5.10.1 ) , I 'd use it in every class or module where I can use a modern Perl .
This is a ( reasonably ) small change to the Perl 5 parser , as far as those things go .
A few introspection portions of Perl 5 need corresponding changes , such as B:: Deparse and the MAD annotations that few people besides Larry have understood .
Yet it 's beneficial as it is for three good reasons and one great reason .
First , a package with an explicit , brace - delimited scope allows readers to see where a package begins and ends .
This is my sole problem with Python 's whitespace : the use of vertical whitespace to denote the ends of blocks , of functions , and of classes .
Using invisible characters to mark the beginnings and ends means that people ( let alone parsers ) sometimes have to guess , and people can guess wrong .
I use vertical whitespace to separate sub-units within larger sections of code .
Schwern has a code - skimming technique where you scale down your font size and look at the program as a whole .
This makes the structure of the code visible without distracting you with details of any unit of code .
Languages which allow you to organize code into functions or classes or modules expose details of your design when viewed this way .
The package BLOCK syntax would make the organization of code more obvious in this respect .
Second , the package BLOCK syntax clearly delineates a scope .
Any entity defined within that block belongs to that package , and any referred to within that block is visible within that package .
This is a subtle point , but it's also the important design reason to use the package keyword rather than requiring an explicit namespace on functions and methods :
sub My :: Class :: method { ... }
( Tedium also argues against that approach , but too few programming languages aggressively optimize against tedium .
Perl 5 does n't go far enough in that respect . )
This delineation is more than mere syntax .
It 's also visual .
It suggests an encapsulation .
Inside these curly braces is different from outside .
Third — and related , you prevent unintentional sharing of lexicals and other variables .
Because package scoping rules and lexical scoping rules are orthogonal , it 's easy to close over lexical variables declared at the top of a file even if you 've switched packages several times .
Sometimes that 's intentional , yet it 's often enough a mistake that some people recommend starting your programs with :
#! perl use Modern :: Perl ; # or do the pragma dance yourself main ( @ARGV ) ; sub main { ... }
They 're right , too .
Defensive coding sometimes requires you to change your habits to eliminate the possibility of making certain kinds of mistakes .
Explicitly delimiting the lexical scope of a package means that lexicals can't leak into other packages by accident .
( Some people might argue that you can avoid these problems by adhering to a " one package per .pm file " policy , and that 's true .
It 's also not always possible .
Helper packages or inner classes or other entities encapsulated by their design deserve to stay encapsulated . )
You can get all three of these features now by writing :
{ package Foo 1.23.45 ; ... } { package Bar 9.87.65 ; ... } { package Baz 0.07 ; ... }
... but aesthetics argues against this form .
So does linguistics .
The important data for the unit as a whole is its name and its version , and that belongs at either the start or the end of the unit .
For the same reason unit of smaller organizational granularity put their metadata sections before their block .
Compare :
sub foo : attr { ... }
... with :
{ sub foo : attr ; ... }
... or even :
while ( 1 ) { ... }
... with :
do { ... } while ( 1 ) ;
( I suspect that part of the distrust for do / while is linguistic distaste for inverted end weight , though whether that 's due to familiarity with Algol - style control structures or a dislike for backreferences in code is for graduate students to debate . )
Without a change to Perl 5's syntax like Zefram 's patch ( or a grammar - mutating module built around Devel : : Declare ) , it 's impossible to attach the package 's metadata where it belongs : at the start of the block .
Consistency suggests it .
Linguistics suggests it .
Correctness recommends it .
I 'd use this feature today , if it were available .
I 'd like to see it in Perl 5.14 next spring .
On last week 's episode of Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution , Jamie was tormented by a resentful lunch lady , insulted by a rude DJ , and depressed by a bunch of first graders who could n't discern a potato from a tomato .
Ah , yes .
Just another day in the life of a man trying to change the eating habits of stubborn West Virginia city !
This week , Jamie left the world of chicken nugget–obsessed elementary school kids behind and set his sights on a bunch of teenagers obsessed with french fries , Lady Gaga , and Ugg boots — otherwise known as " the student body of Huntington High School . "
Jamie quickly found himself disgusted by the unhealthy menu choices at Huntington High and even heckled a few of the students about their poor lunch choices .
" You 're obviously foxy young chicks , " he said , as he cornered two young women walking into the cafeteria .
" You 've got carbs [ in your basket ] , and milk with more sugar than a soda .
Does this worry you at this beautiful age that you 're at ? "
" Not really , " the girls replied , as they giggled and blew past him to eat their fried chicken sandwiches and make fun of the phrase " foxy young chicks . "
And in a slightly related story , I think that 's the pick - up line my grandfather used on my grandmother .
Jamie was clearly upset by the sheer amount of french fry chowage ( technical term ) going on around him , so he took the opportunity to send out a sternly worded warning about overindulging in their deliciousness .
" Do I love french fries ? " he asked sarcastically .
" The french fry is one of the most beautiful things on the planet .
Crispy on the outside , fluffy on the inside .
But you eat those little babies every day , and your heinie 's gonna get bigger than Godzilla 's jacksie ! "
( At first , I thought he said " bigger than Godzilla 's TAXI . "
Darn that pesky British accent ! )
The next day ( or " who the heck knows when , " in reality TV timing ) , Jamie went back to Huntington High to prepare a healthier lunch for the students there .
However , he soon caught the wrath of food services director Rhonda McCoy because his veggie stir fry did n't contain a full " cup and a fourth " of vegetables per serving .
Amazingly enough , Rhonda made this determination just by eyeballing his stir - fry !
Wow , she 's so talented !
If she ever loses her job with the school district , she could have a lucrative career with the FBI .
Much to Jamie 's dismay , Rhonda put the previously booted french fries back on the menu to comply with the state - mandated rules and regulations ( read : ridiculous red tape ) .
And this , my friends , was the part in the episode where Jamie 's head about exploded at the thought of french fries being considered vegetables :
Fed up with Rhonda 's decision and determined to overthrow the broken bureaucracy of her troubled state , Jamie staged a revolt and declared " NO MORE FRENCH FRIES " halfway through the lunch service .
He took matters into his own hands , and actually ran around the cafeteria grabbing students ' uneaten french fries out of their trays with tongs .
The horror !
Along with several bitter Alice - isms ( " the chicken was dry ! " ) , last night 's episode also centered on six Huntington High students who all had very personal reasons for wanting to eat healthier .
One girl lost her father to obesity , and another was so overweight herself that a doctor had recently told her she might only have seven months to live .
The kids were likable and their stories were emotional , and you could n't help but root for them to succeed .
The episode ended with a series of stressful scenes that felt more Top Chef than Food Revolution .
Jamie asked the students to prepare a meal for 80 of Huntington 's big shots in an effort to raise $ 80,000 to train all the school cooks in the area .
Ultimately , they fell short of their monetary goal , but they gained the support of their state senator and publicly committed themselves to eating healthier .
And is n't that really what it 's all about ?
Did you watch Jamie Oliver 's Food Revolution last night ?
What do you think about his project and the way he 's being treated by some of the people in Huntington ?
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
" Last week , I met a Dutch investment banker , who told me that Gypsies sold them out to Europe . "
Click or reload to find out who he met next .
Hamas has produced an unusually sophisticated animated film apparently pressing for a deal that would bring about the release of Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier captured near Gaza nearly four years ago .
The Israeli government reacted angrily to the film , describing it as " deplorable " and blamed Hamas , the Palestinian Islamist movement , for the failure to agree a deal for the release of Shalit , who was captured in June 2006 .
He is alive and believed to be held somewhere in Gaza .
The three - minute film depicts Shalit 's father , Noam , walking empty streets clutching a photograph of his captured son .
He passes advertising hoardings that show several Israeli leaders promising to arrange Shalit 's release and then finds a newspaper discarded in a rubbish bin showing on its front page a $ 50 m reward for information on his son 's case .
As time passes without his son's release Shalit 's father grows old , with a beard and a cane .
Eventually the soldier is returned , delivered in a coffin draped in the Israeli flag at the Erez checkpoint at the entrance to Gaza .
Shalit 's father then wakes up from his dream to find himself sitting at a bus stop .
The words " There is still hope " appear in Hebrew and English .
It is the latest product of an increasingly sophisticated Hamas media operation , including a movie studio of sorts on the site of a former Jewish settlement in Gaza .
The animation was broadcast on Israeli television to an audience that is by now familiar with Noam Shalit , the dignified father who has long campaigned for his son's release and has urged both Israel and Hamas to make a deal .
In a statement , Noam Shalit dismissed the film as " psychological warfare " .
" Hamas leaders would do better if instead of producing films and performances , they would worry about the real interests of the Palestinian prisoners and the ordinary citizens of Gaza who have been held hostage by their leaders for a long time , " he said .
A deal between Israel and Hamas , negotiated by German intelligence officials , appeared close at the end of last year but fell through at the last minute .
Each side blamed the other .
Hamas was to release Shalit and in return Israel would free hundreds of Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails .
About 6,600 Palestinians are held in Israeli jails , more than 200 of them without charge .
Shalit was last seen in a video released by his captors in October .
He appeared tired but unhurt .
Last week the Israeli authorities allowed the daughter of a Hamas interior minister , Fathi Hamad , to leave Gaza through Israel to reach a hospital in Jordan for urgent medical treatment .
She was allowed out reportedly after the intervention of the Jordanian monarch , King Abdullah .
In a separate incident on Sunday night Israeli troops killed a Hamas militant in Hebron on the occupied West Bank .
Ali Swaiti was suspected of shooting dead an Israeli border policeman in 2004 .
The Israeli military said Swaiti was killed when he refused to surrender .
UEFA has refused to give Bayern Munich winger Franck Ribery permission to play in the Champions League final against Inter Milan .
UEFA rejected Ribery 's appeal Wednesday and insisted he serve a three - match ban imposed after he was sent off in the first leg of Bayern 's semifinal victory over Lyon .
Ribery did not speak with reporters as he left UEFA headquarters following the near three - hour hearing .
Bayern chair Karl - Heinz Rummenigge said the club would appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport in a final attempt to clear Ribery for the May 22 match in Madrid .
" We feel that this decision is much too harsh , " Rummenigge said .
" We are determined to fight on . "
Rummenigge said Bayern hoped that CAS , sport 's highest court , would hear its appeal next week in Lausanne , Switzerland .
Ribery hoped to be given a reprieve Wednesday with a one - match suspension — the standard for a red card — which he already served by missing the return match in France .
UEFA 's disciplinary body had ordered the three - match sanction last week after judging Ribery guilty of serious foul play when he stepped on the ankle of Lyon forward Lisandro Lopez .
The France international made his case to UEFA 's appeals panel alongside Rummenigge and a club lawyer .
They argued that Ribery 's foul on Lopez was not malicious as he tried to recover the ball after losing possession .
Despite Ribery 's dismissal in the 37th minute , Bayern won 1 - 0 in Munich .
It got a 3 - 0 win in Lyon to progress 4 - 0 on aggregate .
If CAS upholds UEFA 's ruling , the three - match ban would also force Ribery to miss the first European club competition match for which he is eligible next season .
DETROIT --
The Detroit Red Wings could have earned a few days ’ rest and saved the wear and tear of having to make a third trip West in a two - week span .
But they could n’t take care of business at home in Game 6 of the Western Conference quarterfinals .
Now , they ’re dangerously close to getting an extended break .
The Red Wings squandered an opportunity Sunday afternoon to finish off the Phoenix Coyotes , getting dominated on special teams and losing 5 - 2 at Joe Louis Arena .
With the series tied 3 - 3 , the teams will play a winner - take - all Game 7 on Tuesday at Jobing.com Arena .
The Red Wings are confident and defiant heading into their first opening - round Game 7 since 1994 .
“ We ’ll be just fine .
I have no doubt about that , ’’ Detroit defenseman Niklas Kronwall said .
“ We ’ve been in this situation before where we had a chance to close it out .
But it did n’t happen tonight , and now , we ’re going to go down and do it in Phoenix instead . ’’
Each club has won two of three games on the road in this series .
“ They ’re a good team , but we think we ’re a better team , ’’ Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
“ The better team advances , pure and simple .
We have an opportunity to play in a Game 7 .
We have to embrace that and come out and play . ’’
Phoenix scored three times on the power play after failing to convert on its previous 19 opportunities and got the ball rolling with a short - handed goal .
The Red Wings went 0 - for - 5 on the power play .
“ They won the special teams battle , and that sucked the life out of our team , ’’ Babcock said .
COYOTES 5 , RED WINGS 2 Key play : Radim Vrbata converted a good pass by Robert Lang from the half - wall on the power play , giving Phoenix a 3 - 1 lead after Detroit had gained some momentum on a goal by Brad Stuart .
Hero : Coyotes goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov had his best game of the series with 31 saves , including some huge stops during three consecutive Red Wings power plays early in the first period .
Goat : Henrik Zetterberg , the best player through five games , had a rough day .
He had no points , only two shots on goal , a minus - 2 rating and lost a defensive - zone faceoff that led to Wojtek Wolski ’s goal that made it 4 - 1 .
Analysis : The Red Wings overcame a lot of adversity during an injury - plagued regular season , but this is their biggest challenge .
After losing the special teams battle and squandering a chance to end the series , Detroit must regroup mentally from the disappointment and physically from another taxing trip out West for Game 7 .
The top two lines must deliver the kind of energy the bottom - six forwards have shown the past couple games .
Coyotes goaltender Ilya Bryzgalov played his finest game of the series .
He made 31 saves , including several big stops during three consecutive Detroit power plays -- including a two - man advantage for 1:09 -- within the first seven minutes of the game .
“ That ’s probably the game right there , ’’ Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg said .
“ If we would have scored on one or two of those chances , the outcome probably would ’ve been a little different . ’’
To make matters worse , Lauri Korpikoski scored a short - handed goal at 4:10 to put Phoenix ahead .
He stripped the puck from Brad Stuart in the neutral zone , skated down the left wing and fired a shot through Jimmy Howard ’s legs .
“ I just tried to make a play , they closed it off and got a break , ’’ Stuart said .
“ My fault . ’’
Leading 2 - 1 , the Coyotes scored twice in a span of 4:59 in the second period to break it open .
Radim Vrbata scored on the power play at 10:09 , converting a cross-ice pass from the half - wall by former Red Wing Robert Lang .
Wojtek Wolski added an even - strength goal at 14:01 by standing in front of the net and having Petr Prucha ’s shot deflect in off him .
Any hopes of a stirring third - period comeback were quashed when Taylor Pyatt deflected in a shot by Keith Yandle on the power play at 5:25 to make it 5 - 1 .
“ You want to do a better job in front of ( Howard ) , being in lanes and helping out , ’’ Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
“ They were creating a lot of traffic in front of him .
That ’s what happens when you have a lot of bodies in front of the net and you get your shots through . ’’
On the flip side , Lidstrom said of his team ’s power play , which is 0 - for - 11 in the past two games : “ ( Bryzgalov ) was making the first save and they were doing a good job clearing the rebounds and getting the puck out of there in front of him .
You got to continue to shoot the puck .
You ca n’t get discouraged when he ’s making saves . ’’
Stuart scored Detroit ’s first goal on a screened shot from the slot at 2:51 of the second period .
It came 24 seconds after former Red Wing Mathieu Schneider scored on the power play to put Phoenix ahead 2-0 .
But the Red Wings were unable to build any momentum off Stuart ’s goal , getting only a late goal from Darren Helm when the game was out of reach .
The Coyotes played without captain Shane Doan , a power forward who has n’t returned since suffering an apparent right shoulder injury two minutes into the second period of Game 3 .
But it did n’t matter .
Now , the Red Wings are faced with having to win a Game 7 on the road , something they have n’t done since the 1964 semifinals against the Chicago Blackhawks .
“ No question about it , when you have anybody down you want to get rid of them , ’’ Babcock said .
“ The only disappointment I had is that we did n’t win .
I liked our preparation .
I liked our attitude .
“ Everyone is upset and disappointed right now , but we ’re going to shake this off . ’’
Model : SRPD25J1
€ 505 €384
Not available for sale
Features : Stainless Steel Case Stainless Steel Bracelet Automatic Movement Caliber : 4R36 Mineral Crystal 24 Jewels Blue Dial Analog Display Luminous Hands And Markers Day And Date Display Uni Directional Rotating Bezel Screw Down Crown Solid Case Back Deployment Clasp 200M Water Resistance ... more info
ABSENT FATHER : Wayne Schwamm , pictured in 1998 , says : " I look forward to telling the real reason I was there . "
The man accused of leaving his baby in a car while he visited a Wellington strip club says there is more to the story and is looking forward to giving his version .
The man – whom The Dominion Post can reveal as Wayne Schwamm – will appear in Wellington District Court on Monday , charged with leaving a child under the age of 14 without reasonable supervision .
Schwamm was reluctant to comment to The Dominion Post yesterday , after his lawyer instructed him not to talk to the media .
But he said he was unhappy with the information that had already come to light and was keen to reveal what happened .
" There are other circumstances that are yet to play themselves out ...
But when they have all been dealt with , I look forward to telling the real reason I was there [ at the strip club ] . "
His young son was placed in Child , Youth and Family care after a passer - by noticed him alone in a car outside the National Bank in Courtenay Place about 3 am on Tuesday .
Police had to break the window of the locked car to rescue the boy .
He is believed to have been left alone for 40 minutes .
Police said Schwamm was later found inside the nearby Mermaid strip club , where he was arrested on an outstanding warrant for unrelated " minor " charges .
He is the former owner of Ideal Cakes bakery in Palmerston North and was embroiled in a rent dispute with property owner Keith Norling last year .
Ideal Cakes also made headlines while under Schwamm 's ownership last year after it received an E grading – the lowest possible rating – in a Palmerston North City Council food standards survey .
Staff at Ideal Cakes said yesterday that Schwamm no longer had any ties to the business .
" We do n't know where he 's gone . "
Schwamm has also been a heavily involved member of the Manawatu horse racing community , racing horses under the banner of Real Ideal Bloodstock Ltd .
He had a racing share in Distinctly Secret when the Mark Walker - trained galloper won the $ 750,000 Kelt Capital Stakes in 2003 .
Real Ideal Bloodstock was struck off the companies register in February .
Record Store Day , now in its fourth year , falls on the third Saturday of April ( 4/17 ) and brings together " over 700 independently owned record stores in the USA " and " hundreds of similar stores internationally " to form a sort of one - shot record club that excludes " online retailers or corporate behemoths . "
Festivities include free in - store performances , promotional giveaways , and discounts , in addition to a horde of releases and reissues — many of them limited , and some of them superlimited — available only at participating stores .
You might want to get up early : last year a line formed outside Reckless Records on Milwaukee before the doors opened .
Some 20 Chicago record stores are participating this year .
Local labels are in on the act too .
The in - house label at Permanent Records is releasing , in an edition of 750 , a split seven - inch featuring Moon Duo and the Cave side project Bitchin ' Bajas .
Bloodshot has an exclusive Ha Ha Tonka seven - inch , in an edition of 500 .
Trouble in Mind is releasing a four - way split single featuring Ty Segall , CoCoComa , White Wires , and Charlie & the Moonhearts .
Also , the Brooklyn - based film and music label Factory 25 unveils full - length vinyl albums from two early Chicago punk bands , featuring a collection of demos ( 1977 - ' 78 ) from Tutu & the Pirates called Sub - Urban Insult Rock for the Anti-Lectual and the DA full - length Exclamation Point .
Other enticements include vinyl reissues from Mastodon , Devo , Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros , MGMT , Sonic Youth , and the Velvet Underground ; live recordings by David Bazan at Electrical Audio and Hot Water Music at Metro ; early releases of a ten - inch vinyl version of Magnetic Fields ' reissued 69 Love Songs set and new albums from the Apples in Stereo and Roky Erickson with Okkervil River ; a clear vinyl release of Neko Case 's Middle Cyclone ; a seven - inch of Fucked Up's Daytrotter session ; a colored - vinyl reissue of the double LP Ramones Mania ; and a number of reissues with original artwork from Vanguard ( Buddy Guy , Doc Watson , Joan Baez , John Fahey ) in celebration of the label 's 60th anniversary .
Below are participating stores in the city and near suburbs , along with the events , sales , giveaways , and performances planned .
Call stores or visit their Web sites for more info ; for a more complete list of special releases and happenings see recordstoreday.com .
— Kevin Warwick
Cyklopx
In - store performances by All Things Lucid and the Loneliest Monk ( 1 PM ) , 50 percent off used LPs $ 3.99 or below , 30 percent off all used CDs , free homemade doughnuts .
9 AM - 7 PM , 7511 Madison , Forest Park , 708-488-0303 , cyklopx.com .
Dave 's Records Free Dave 's Records T - shirt with purchases over $ 100 , half off used 12 - inches , free cupcake from Molly 's Cupcakes with purchase over $ 25 , free candy .
11 AM - 8 PM , 2604 N. Clark , 773-929-6325 , davesrecordschicago.com .
Deadwax
Free raffle tickets for a stereo and $ 30 and $ 20 gift certificates ; 20 percent off vinyl , CDs , DVDs , and books .
10 AM - 8 PM , 3819 N. Lincoln , 773-529-1932 .
Death or Glory In - store performances by Tyler Jon Tyler and Maximum Wage ( 7 PM ) , record giveaways .
10 AM - 10 PM , 2557 ∏ W. Chicago , 773-360-8721 .
Dusty Groove America Free CD to first 25 customers , prizes with every purchase , DJ set by East of Edens Soul Express ( 2 PM ) .
10 AM - 8 PM , 1120 N. Ashland , 773-342-5800 , dustygroove.com .
Groovin ' High
Half off all used merchandise , 25 - cent budget vinyl .
10 AM - 8 PM , 1047 W. Belmont , 773-476-6846 .
Hard Boiled Records
Free gift to the first 100 customers , early store hours beginning at 10 AM .
10 AM - 6 PM , 2010 W. Roscoe , 773-755-2619 , hardboiledrecords.blogspot.com .
Jazz Record Mart All CD box sets 20 percent off , half off used big - band and trad jazz LPs , half off 78s , three for a dollar on used 99 - cent LPs , all cassettes five for $ 10 .
In - store performance by Josh Berman 's Old Idea at noon .
10 AM - 8 PM , 27 E. Illinois , 312-222-1467 , jazzmart.com .
Kstarke Records Sales , giveaways , and in - store entertainment TBA .
Noon -9 PM , 1108 N. Western , 773-772-4880 , kstarkerecords.com .
Laurie 's Planet of Sound In - store performances by Algebro ( noon ) , Vee Dee ( 1 PM ) , and Johnny & the Limelites ( 2 PM ) ; DJ sets by Wilco 's Pat Sansone , Scotland Yard Gospel Choir 's Elia Einhorn , and Laurie 's employees ; free tamales .
9 AM - 10 PM , 4639 N. Lincoln , 773-271-3569 , lauriesplanetofsound.tripod.com .
Music Direct
Not an official event , but in honor of Record Store Day , vinyl , turntables , phono cartridges , and record care supplies are 20 percent off on Friday ( 9 AM - 6 PM ) and Saturday ( 10 AM - 3 PM ) .
318 N. Laflin , 312-433-0200 , musicdirect.com .
Music Experience
In - store performance and CD signing by the Brown Sisters from 1 - 2 PM .
11 AM - 6:30 PM , 1959 ∏ E. 73rd , 773-493-0154 , amusicexperience.com .
The Old School Records
In - store performances by Hollus ( noon ) , Black Bear Combo ( 2 PM ) , and Ernie Hines ( 3 PM ) , budget LPs and CDs running 99 cents and up .
10 AM - 7 PM , 7446 W. Madison , Forest Park , 708-366-7588 , the oldschoolrecords.com .
Permanent Records
In - store performances by Puffy Areolas and White Mystery ( 5 PM ) and a Zaireeka party ( 7:30 PM ) , during which the four compact discs that constitute the 1997 Flaming Lips album Zaireeka will be played simultaneously on four separate audio systems .
10 AM - 9 PM , 1914 W. chicago , 773-278-1744 , permanentrecordschicago.com .
Reckless Records on Broadway
In - store performances by Poison Arrows ( 1 PM ) , Creedence Clearwater Revival tribute band Graveyard Train ( 2 PM ) , Head of Skulls ! ( 3 PM ) , and Regress ( 4 PM ) .
10 AM - 10 PM , 3126 N. Broadway , 773-404-5080 , reckless.com .
Reckless Records on Milwaukee In - store performances by Phil Cohran ( 12:30 PM ) , the Eternals ( 2 PM ) , PNS from Molemen ( 3 PM ) , Liam Hayes & Plush ( 4 PM ) , and Azita ( 5 PM ) , plus rock ' n ' roll caricatures by Steve Krakow , aka Plastic Crimewave ( noon - 5 PM ) .
10 AM - 10 PM , 1532 N. Milwaukee , 773-235-3727 , reckless.com .
Reckless Records on Madison
In - store performances by Love of Everything ( 1 PM ) , Plague Bringer ( 2 PM ) , and Sweet Cobra ( 3 PM ) , exclusive Plague Bringer release for sale , Rise Against 's Tim McIlrath will be " working " behind the counter .
10 AM - 8 PM , 26 E. Madison , 312-795-0878 , reckless.com .
Record Breakers
Everything in the store 10 percent off ; merchandise giveaways , raffles , free food and drink , and in - store performances ( 2 - 7:15 PM ) on Saturday and Sunday from Apteka , the Gunshy , the New Diet , Musikanto , Aetiology , and Capeheart , among others .
11 AM - 11 PM , 2105 S. State , 312-949-0125 , reggieslive.com .
Second Hand Tunes
Free exclusive Second Hand Tunes T - shirt with every purchase , while supplies last .
10 AM - 8 PM , 800 Dempster , Evanston , 847-491-1690 , 2ndhandtunes.com .
Shake , Rattle & Read All vinyl 20 percent off .
Noon -6 PM , 4812 N. Broadway , 773-334-5311 .
Vintage Vinyl
In - store performances by Luck of Eden Hall with Fred Lonberg - Holm ( 1 PM ) , No Wave Zero Rodney Bakerr ( 3 PM ) , and John Bellows ( 4 PM ) .
11 AM - 6 PM , 925 Davis , Evanston , 847-328-2899 .
Reuters
IT TOOK more than a decade for Ford to create what it called its Premier Auto Group around a bunch of classy European brands — starting in 1987 with its purchase of Aston Martin , followed by the acquisitions of Jaguar , Volvo and then Land Rover .
It all proved a terribly expensive distraction .
Now , it has taken
Ford three years of tricky negotiations to dismantle the group , selling the European marques at a considerable loss .
Aston Martin went to a British - led consortium in 2007 , Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR ) was snapped up by Tata of India in 2008 and , on March 28th , a deal was signed to sell Volvo to Geely , a small but vastly ambitious Chinese carmaker .
The sticker price is $ 1.8 billion , a fraction of the $ 6.45 billion that Ford paid for Volvo in 1999 .
The cost to Ford is worse even than those figures suggest : it has had to support the Swedish carmaker through years of losses and even now it faces further expenses associated with the sale to Geely that will eat up much of the meagre sum it is getting for Volvo .
Unstitching Ford and Volvo will take years
Over the years Volvo 's design and production have been closely integrated with Ford 's , so much so that it will take years to unstitch them .
The sale agreement , which both sides hope to finalise in the third quarter of this year , includes a promise from Ford to continue providing Volvo with such things as engine and powertrain technology for the time being , just as it promised Tata that it would continue to support JLR .
When Geely 's interest in Volvo was made public in the middle of last year , there were some doubts about whether Ford would want to take the risk of letting its technology and other intellectual property leak out to a fast - growing Chinese firm that could one day be a serious rival .
The announcement of Volvo 's sale says " safeguards " have been agreed to stop this happening .
But it also says Volvo will be able to sublicense some of Ford 's technology to others , including Geely .
Although Volvo represents only a small part of Ford 's output , swallowing it will be a big challenge for Geely : last year it sold just 330,000 cars — most of them in China — which is about the same as Volvo sold worldwide .
Unlike most big Chinese carmakers ,
Geely is privately owned and , in recent weeks there had been some doubts about whether it would get the financing needed for the purchase .
However , those doubts were dispelled when Chinese state banks ( and hence , it is assumed , the government in Beijing ) said they would back it .
Geely 's chairman and founder , Li Shufu , calls himself the Henry Ford of China .
He and his managers like to talk big , promising to increase output to 2 m vehicles by 2015 .
However , Mr Li's talk about entering the European market in 2007 and breaking into North America by the following year proved to have little substance .
The harsh truth is that most cross - border takeovers of carmakers have been disappointments ( to name but a few , Daimler and Chrysler , BMW and Rover , and indeed Ford 's purchase of Volvo and the other European marques ) .
It will be a remarkable achievement for Geely if it bucks that trend .
But for Volvo the deal has several attractions : it will gain access to China 's rapidly growing car market ; and , if Geely keeps its promises , it will retain its current management and its factories in Sweden and Belgium .
Volvo , having lost so much money under Ford 's wing , might do better under a more focused and autonomous management .
If so , Geely will get a good return on its investment and a jump - start on entering the international market , as well as gaining an attractive range of premium - priced cars to sell at home .
Ford 's focus
For Ford , its failed attempt to build a European - led range of premier marques has been a drain of both cash and management time .
This is still true of Volvo , even though it is no longer doing as badly as it was in the depths of the economic downturn .
Having struggled through the financial crisis without a government bail - out , Ford has the moral high ground over its archrivals , GM and Chrysler .
But its noble abjuring of handouts has left it with a weaker balance - sheet than perhaps any of the world 's top ten carmakers .
The meagre proceeds from the Volvo sale will be little help in themselves , although at least Ford will earn profits from selling key parts to Volvo for the next few years , while being spared from having to pump investment into the Swedish firm .
And at least it can say it has been more successful in its European divestments than GM , which struggled to offload Saab and decided in the end not to sell Opel .
Ford 's management can now devote more time to greater priorities : rebuilding their core American market ; and making progress on a strategy called " One Ford " , under which all the company 's models worldwide will be built on a small number of common platforms .
Success on this is vital if Ford is to adapt to consumers ' shift in tastes away from big gas - guzzlers toward smaller cars on which the profit margins are slender .
Unfortunately , the deal does little to solve the motor industry 's biggest problem : growing overcapacity , especially in mature markets .
Indeed , as with the JLR sale , Ford is handing production capacity to an ambitious emerging - market rival with plans to grow big in Ford 's core rich - country markets .
That said , neither Volvo nor JLR is big enough to matter much either way in denting Europe 's overcapacity .
Perhaps a bigger worry for Ford should be the risk of intellectual property leaking out to Volvo 's Chinese buyers .
But this risk already exists in the joint ventures Ford has entered into in China with Chang'an , another Chinese manufacturer .
Privately , Western motor - industry bosses assume that whatever safeguards have been agreed on paper , some of their technology will leak out to their Chinese business partners .
But they see this as a part of the price for doing business in , and with , China .
Given the vast growth potential of its market , it is assumed to be a price worth paying .
Seething Danes were seen stomping out of the ACTA negotiation chambers in Wellington , New Zealand , citing frustration with the United States negotiators ' continued pushing of " three strikes " proposals .
" ACTA is an international agreement , " fumed negotiator Olaf Atdis .
" It 's absurd for the United States to continue demanding a baseball analogy when a football analogy would be much more representative of the diversity of the negotiating countries . "
" Three strikes " laws and policies require Internet service providers to automatically disconnect their Internet users on repeat allegations of copyright infringement by entertainment company complaints , but EU negotiators reportedly prefer a " carding " system .
ISPs that receive complaints would issue " yellow cards " and " red cards , " tracking the official penalty system of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) .
EFF spoke out against both naming conventions .
" These sports analogies are antithetical to the spirit of the open Internet , " argued EFF International Director Gwen Hinze .
" The Internet is much more like the Force , which as Obi-Wan taught us all , ' surrounds us and penetrates us .
It binds the galaxy together . '
Evil Sith - Imperial complaints should not result in an individual being severed from the Force .
That 's clearly preposterous . "
Michael Anissimov at Accelerating Future weighs in on another middle - class myth : the idea that “ free range ” is somehow a perfect solution for being nice to animals .
This is another of those Whole Foods - style hairshirts : buy something slightly more expensive , with fuzzier , nicer packaging , and your hands are clean .
Not so .
Having been both vegetarian and vegan at times in my life , and often returning to eating meat , I do n’t have a clear answer on this one ( although I recently heard a great NPR interview with a woman who designs machines to help cow slaughtering be more humane , who made the salient point that had these animals not been bred for food , they never would have lived at all ) .
I do know that factory farm conditions are appalling , and a great unspoken shame of our civilization .
Sadly , though , it seems that “ free range ” is not the easy answer .
Meat and egg companies often try to sell their wares to unsuspecting SWPLs ( ” socially conscious ” educated bourgeoisie Americans ) by using the “ free range ” label .
Unsurprisingly , this label is a lie .
To quote the Wikipedia page on “ free range ” : The U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service ( FSIS ) requires that chickens raised for their meat have access to the outside in order to receive the free - range certification .
There is no requirement for access to pasture , and there may be access to only dirt or gravel .
Free - range chicken eggs , however , have no legal definition in the United States .
Likewise , free - range egg producers have no common standard on what the term means .
Many egg farmers sell their eggs as free range merely because their cages are two or three inches above average size , or because there is a window in the shed .
The USDA has no specific definition for “ free - range ” beef , pork , and other non-poultry products .
All USDA definitions of “ free - range ” refer specifically to poultry .
No other criteria - such as the size of the range or the amount of space given to each animal - are required before beef , lamb , and pork can be called “ free - range ” .
Claims and labeling using “ free range ” are therefore unregulated .
The USDA relies “ upon producer testimonials to support the accuracy of these claims . ”
Basically , the label is a farce .
It conjures up images of old time family farms , when the reality is the exact opposite .
Factory farmed chickens are routinely debeaked , and starved to cause forced molting , which shocks them into entering another egg - laying cycle .
They live in filthy , shit - strewn cages and suffer from respiratory diseases due to inhaling large quantities of nitrogen released by their feces .
“ Free range ” chickens spend most of their time in cages .
( Accelerating Future : Free Range is Bullshit )
Probe begins of NJ vets homes with 190 COVID deaths
New Jersey 's attorney general has begun a probe of the veterans homes where 190 died of confirmed and probable COVID - 19 .
Since there has n’t been any PC gaming news today , I thought I ’d make some up .
PopCap Announces 70 Billionth Download Of Bejeweled .
PopCap boss , Simon Chuzzle , today announced that Bejeweled has now been downloaded ten times by every person on the planet .
The match - 3 puzzle game has proven so popular that even remote tribal groups in the Amazon have been reported to be downloading the game onto wicker machines via satellite internet connections .
Said Chuzzle this afternoon ,
“ We ’re absolutely delighted by the continued popularity of Bejeweled , despite it actually being a bit shit .
We obviously all know that Zoo Keeper on the DS was by far the better game , and indeed most of the rest of our own games are enormously more well made and interesting than the rather average match - 3 game .
However , you ca n’t argue with absolutely every human in existence , nor this towering pile of money that threatens to topple and kill us all . ”
Other PopCap employees were seen celebrating the news by throwing gold bars into the ocean from their luxury yachts .
Ubisoft Chairman Explains He Just Fancies The Employee Who Makes The DRM
CEO of Ubisoft , Michael Creed , has revealed in an interview with Eurogamer that he ’s just really into the woman who ’s responsible for developing new DRM .
“ Yeah , I know , it sounds kinda lame , ” explained the boss of the much criticised publisher .
“ I think she ’s really nice , and this new system gave me loads of excuses to talk with her . ”
It seems that on learning of the boss ’s crush , colleagues in the DRM development team dared their team leader , Sarah Cooper , to see how ridiculous a suggestion she could put forward .
“ We tried to come up with some really silly DRM solutions , ” explained an unnamed member of the team .
“ When we came up with the always - online idea , we thought we were maybe going too far .
I mean , who would seriously think that ’s an okay thing to do to customers ?
And you know , the rest is history . ”
Activision Sues Itself
Court proceedings were filed today as Activision prepares to sue itself for various claims .
The publisher made the following statement this morning when the news first broke .
“ Activision Blizzard , Inc. has filed a suit against Activision Blizzard , Inc. this morning , alleging breach of contract and defamation .
We intend to see justice is done to ensure the future of Activision Blizzard Inc. is not jeopardised by the actions of Activision Blizzard Inc .
No further comment can be made at this time . ”
It is thought that Activision may be suing itself in response to Activision ’s damage to the name of Activision for the volume of lawsuits the company is currently involved in .
Other insiders at Activision have suggested that it may simply be that the publisher has run out of anyone else to take to court .
Activision responded to the suit this afternoon by announcing they will be counter - suing Activision for violating their fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment .
Australia Bans Being 18
As the battle for an R18 + rating for Australian videogames grows more intense , former South Australian Attorney - General Martin Arkinson has brought forward proceedings to ban the age of 18 completely from the Australian nation .
With a recent petition gathering nearly 100,000 signatures , and both GAME and Electronics Boutique getting behind the campaign for an adult rating to match cinema and DVD , the government states that the new bill is the only sensible response to ensure the prevention of violence and sexual videogames being available .
“ 18 - year - olds ’ determination to get their hands on these games , and thus inevitably into the hands of children , is completely out of hand , ” explained the recently resigned politician , who will continue to work until 2012 .
“ The only option that remains is to remove the problem at its root . ”
If the bill passes successfully , as is predicted , then being 18 will be illegal in Australia from July 2010 .
Anyone caught being this age will be fined up to $ 100,000 ( Aus ) , and can expect up to twelve months in prison .
Final Infinity Ward Employee Walks Out
David Gardening , the last employee left at Infinity Ward , has walked out of the company .
Following the departures of West and Zampella , and indeed everyone else who works there , Gardening explained to ShackNews that he thought he “ may as well . ”
“ I did n’t really have any beef with Activision , ” explains the final member of the team .
“ To be honest , I never really got on with Jason and Vince .
Everyone else seemed to think they were great , but I thought they were kind of dicks .
I dunno , maybe it was a personality thing .
But anyway , when they were fired I was n’t that fussed . ”
However , once everyone else in the company had left , Gardening realised that there was n’t much point in sticking around .
“ I mean , I was only really responsible for the headbob .
There was only so much I could do on Modern Warfare 3 on my own .
I looked around , and felt pretty lonely , so I figured I ’d go . ”
GameStation Admits Its Terms Of Service Took Customer ’s Souls
Oh no , wait , this one ’s actually true .
On November 9th , 1787 , less than two months after presiding over its creation , George Washington wrote the following powerful letter to his nephew in which he convincingly backed the United States Constitution .
With the backing of just nine states required for the Constitution to be ratified and his nephew soon to be a delegate in the Virginia State Ratifying Convention , this was the perfect opportunity for Washington to eloquently respond to the Antifederalists .
Of course the Constitution was adopted , and two years after this letter was written , George Washington became the first President of the United States .
Interestingly , the letter itself recently sold at auction for a healthy $ 3,218,500 .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Mount Vernon Novr 9th 1787 .
Dear Bushrod ,
In due course of Post , I received your letters of the 19th & 26th Ult. ; and since , the one which you committed to the care of Mr Powell .
I thank you for the communications therein , & for a continuation , in matters of importance , I shall be obliged to you .
That the Assembly would afford the people an opportunity of deciding on the proposed Constitution I had hardly a doubt ; the only question with me was , whether it would go forth under favourable auspices , or be branded with the mark of disapprobation .
The opponents , I expected , ( for it has ever been , that the adversaries to a measure are more active than its friends ) would endeavour to give it an unfavourable complexion , with a view to biass the public mind .
This , evidently , is the case with the writers in opposition ; for their objections are better calculated to alarm the fears , than to convince the judgment of their readers .
They build them upon principles which do not exist in the Constitution — which the known & litteral sense of it , does not support them in ; and this too , after being flatly told that they are treading on untenable ground and after an appeal has been made to the letter , & spirit thereof , for proof : and then , as if the doctrine was uncontrovertable , draw such consequences as are necessary to rouse the apprehensions of the ignorant , & unthinking .
It is not the interest of the major part of these characters to be convinced ; nor will their local views yield to arguments which do not accord with their present , or future prospects ; and yet , a candid solution of a single question , to which the understanding of almost every man is competent , must decide the point in dispute — namely — is it best for the States to unite , or not to unite ?
If there are men who prefer the latter , then , unquestionably , the Constitution which is offered , must , in their estimation , be inadmissible from the first Word to the last signature , inclusively .
But those who may think differently , and yet object to parts of it , would do well to consider , that it does not lye with one State , nor with a minority of the States , to superstruct a Constitution for the whole .
The seperate interests , as far as it is practicable , must be consolidated — and local views as far as the general good will admit , must be attended to .
Hence it is that every state has some objection to the proposed form ; and that these objections are directed to different points .
That which is most pleasing to one , is obnoxious to another , and vice versa .
If then the Union of the whole is a desirable object , the parts which compose it , must yield a little in order to accomplish it ; for without the latter , the former is unattainable .
For I again repeat it , that not a single state nor a minority of the States , can force a Constitution on the majority .
But admitting they had ( from their importance ) the power to do it , will it not be granted that the attempt would be followed by civil commotions of a very serious nature ?
But to sum up the whole , let the opponants of the proposed Constitution , in this State , be asked — it is a question they ought certainly to have asked themselves ;
What line of conduct they would advise it to adopt , if nine other States should accede to it , of which I think there is little doubt ?
Would they recommend that it should stand on its own basis — seperate & distinct from the rest ?
Or would they connect it with Rhode Island , or even say two others , checkerwise , & remain with them as outcasts from the Society , to shift for themselves ?
or will they advise a return to our former dependence on Great Britain for their protection & support ?
or lastly would they prefer the mortification of comg in , when they will have no credit there from ?
I am sorry to add in this place that Virginians entertain too high an opinion of the importance of their own Country .
In extent of territory — In number of Inhabitants ( of all descriptions ) &
In wealth I will readily grant that it certainly stands first in the Union ; but in point of strength , it is , comparitively , weak .
To this point , my opportunities authorise me to speak , decidedly ; and sure I am , in every point of view , in which the subject can be placed , it is not ( considering also the Geographical situation of the State ) more the interest of any one of them to confederate , than it is the one in which we live .
The warmest friends to and the best supporters of the Constitution , do not contend that it is free from imperfections ; but these were not to be avoided , and they are convinced if evils are likely to flow from them , that the remedy must come thereafter ; because , in the present moment it is not to be obtained .
And as there is a Constitutional door open for it , I think the people ( for it is with them to judge ) can , as they will have the aid of experience on their side , decide with as much propriety on the alterations and amendments wch shall be found necessary , as ourselves ; for I do not conceive that we are more inspired — have more wisdem — or possess more virtue than those who will come after us .
The power under the Constitution will always be with the people .
It is entrusted for certain defined purposes and for a certain limited period to representatives of their own chusing ; and whenever it is exercised contrary to their interests , or not according to their wishes , their Servants can , and undoubtedly will be , recalled .
There will not be wanting those who will bring forward complaints of mal - administration whensoever they occur .
To say that the Constitution may be strained , and an improper interpretation given to some of the clauses or articles of it , will apply to any that can be framed — in a word renders any one nugatory — for not one , more than another , can be binding , if the spirit and letter of the expression is disregarded .
It is agreed on all hands that no government can be well administred without powers ; and yet , the instant these are delegated , altho those who are entrusted with the Administration are taken from the people — return shortly to them again — and must feel the bad effect of oppressive measures — the persons holding them , as if their natures were immediately metamorphosed , are denominated tyrants and no disposition is allowed them , but to do wrong .
Of these things in a government so constituted and guarded as the proposed one is , I can have no idea ; and do firmly believe that whilst many ostensible reasons are held out against the adoption of it the true ones are yet behind the Curtain ; not being of a nature to appear in open day .
I believe further , supposing these objections to be founded in purity itself that as great evils result from too much jealousy , as from the want of it .
And I adduce several of the Constitutions of these States , as proof thereof .
No man is a warmer advocate for proper restraints , and wholesome checks in every department of government than I am ; but neither my reasoning , nor my experience , has yet been able to discover the propriety of preventing men from doing good , because there is a possibility of their doing evil .
If Mr Ronald can place the finances of this Country upon so respectable a footing as he has intimated , he will deserve its warmest , and most grateful thanks .
In the attempt , my best wishes — which is all I have to offer — will accompany him .
I hope there remains virtue enough in the Assembly of this State , to preserve inviolate public treaties , and private contracts .
If these are infringed , farewell to respectability , and safety in the Government .
I never possessed a doubt , but if any had ever existed in my breast , re-iterated proofs would have convinced me of the impolicy , of all commutable taxes .
If wisdom is not to be acquired from experience , where is it to be found ?
But why ask the question ?
Is it not believed by every one that these are time - serving jobs by which a few are enriched , at the public expence !
but whether the plan originates for this purpose , or is the child of ignorance , oppression is the result .
You have , I find , broke the ice ( as the saying is ) .
one piece of advice only I will give you on the occasion ( if you mean to be a respectable member , and to entitle yourself to the Ear of the House ) — and that is — except in local matters which respect your Constituants and to which you are obliged , by duty , to speak , rise but seldom — let this be on important matters — and then make yourself thoroughly acquainted with the subject .
Never be agitated by more than a decent warmth , & offer your sentiments with modest diffidence — opinions thus given , are listened to with more attention than when delivered in a dictatorial stile .
The latter , if attended to at all , altho they may force conviction , is sure to convey disgust also .
Your aunt , and the family here join me in every good wish for you .
and I am with sentiments of great regd and Affecte . — Yours
G:o Washington
P.S. The letter you sent by Mr Powell for Nancy was forwarded next day to Doctr Brown , for the best conveyance that should offer from alexandria .
By John R. Taylor , Jr. , CIO of F / X Concepts
Dead Man Walking
May 6 , 2010
One of the incidents that I remember from my youth was the first time I saw a chicken slaughtered and running around headless for quite a few minutes before it keeled over and died .
The euro is at that stage .
Its life is finished , but it will be around for some time before it becomes a subject of historical analysis .
Actually the euro was always a short term solution , even on the day it was born .
There were only two possible outcomes : the euro would blow up , or it would lead to an EU with taxing and borrowing authority .
Theoretically those two choices are still possible , but the euro ’s disintegration is moving so quickly and the political barriers are rising so fast that the chances of a much closer and ever tightening political bond between the internal surplus countries and the internal deficit countries is basically non-existent .
Fifty years ago , Europe had some great leaders in Robert Schuman and Claude Monnet , who had the vision to start the common market , but it does not have the visionaries necessary to take the next step .
Building Europe has always been done from the top , by the politicians and the corporate chieftains who had the most to gain from it .
In the beginning , the man on the street went along with it because it cost him nothing and it would keep his children out of the next war .
Most of the time , there was no cost to the average European , only benefits : more products to buy , better roads and holiday destinations , and the feeling of being a global leader .
The farmers got mad in the 1980 ’s but the Common Agricultural Policy exploded with butter and other mountains growing larger and the farm lobby was paid off .
When the euro came along , interest rates dropped everywhere south of the Alps and this meant that things bought on time – like cars and appliances – were cheaper and houses were easier to own .
Despite some gripes about inflation as prices were rounded higher , the changes were pleasant , not painful .
All of that has changed .
Now having the euro and being a member of the European Monetary Union will be hard on almost every voter – for as far as the eye can see .
The United States dollar was forged in war , but even that was n’t enough .
The country had to go through another six or seven years of disjointed financial sovereignty , somewhat similar to the current euro structure , suffering internal dissention while continually being threatened from outside before it made the change to a more centralized ( but still not modern ) system .
The critical actor who served as midwife at the dollar ’s birth was Alexander Hamilton .
A headstrong leader , Hamilton , had the power and foresight to deal and compromise his way to success .
The European equivalent is nowhere to be found .
Europe is dead .
The European nations are the victors , and the way ahead will be one hell of a mess .
Without taxing and borrowing power , there is no way to square the inter - euro trade balances between the countries except ‘ internal devaluation , ’ which means years of deflation and poverty for the voters – and protestors – of the deficit countries .
Our pencil pushers and Excel experts have made lots of projections on the Greek situation and can find almost no possibility of success .
The EU / IMF team projects Greek debt at 149 % of GDP when this rescue ends , but their nominal GDP estimates are incredibly optimistic when salaries and jobs are cut dramatically .
We see a 20 % decline over the three years as a good outcome , the debt would stay the same , and the ratio goes to 186 % of GDP .
Almost like Japan , but foreigners own the Greek debt – no way !
This rescue reminds us of Bob Rubin ’s rescue of Russia in July 1998 , which lasted about one month before the whole house of cards collapsed .
We knew that one could n’t work , and this one ca n’t either .
It might take longer , but the euro is finished .
Goodbye euro , hello drachma , peseta , lira , and the others .
The world had hoped for more , none more than the Europeans themselves , but now we are all left to pick up the pieces .
h/t Teddy KGB
Wall Street hopes to dodge two reform bullets
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
With any luck , Wall Street can still escape two of the harshest elements of Washington 's reform efforts .
The two measures , included in the Senate bill passed last week , take direct aim at some of the more risky -- and profitable -- parts of banks ' business .
One proposal would require financial firms to spin off their trading desks that deal in derivatives .
The other -- dubbed the Volcker Rule for its proponent , former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker -- would ban banks from wagering with the firm's own money , what the industry calls " proprietary trading . "
Firms would also be restricted from investing in or sponsoring private - equity funds or hedge funds .
The restrictions , if included in the final bill , would hit bank profits .
Trading activity , for example , has been crucial to financial firms ' recent success .
Of the $ 12.8 billion in revenue generated by Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) last quarter , 80 % was due to trading activity .
At crosstown rival Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , it accounted for 44 % of its overall revenue .
Neither firm detailed just how much they earned from derivative activity however .
Financial firms have also feared what the passage of the Volcker Rule would mean for other parts of their business .
JPMorganChase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , for example , controls one of the world 's largest and arguably most successful hedge funds , Highbridge Capital Management .
Goldman 's leveraged buyout business is estimated to account for 10 % the company 's total revenues .
As the bill now moves to negotiations between key leaders of both the Senate and the House , there is a growing belief that both those proposals run the risk of getting derailed .
Experts believe that the amendment aimed at regulating derivatives proposed by Sen. Blanche Lincoln , D - Ark. , will be left on the cutting - room floor or watered down substantially .
The White House and most Republicans have come out strongly against the proposal , partly out of fear of what kinds of unintended consequences the new rule could have .
At the same time , there have been growing signs of trouble for the Volcker Rule .
Lawmakers already missed an opportunity to strengthen the proposal after choosing not to vote on an amendment jointly proposed by Sen. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , and Sen. Jeff Merkley , D - Ore. , that would have prevented banks from trading for their own benefit rather than for the sake of their customers .
While some version of the Volcker Rule will likely make it to President Obama 's desk , experts suggest that the Senate bill does not do a good job of explicitly defining what businesses banks should , and should not , be involved in , positioning the topic as a subject of intense debate among lawmakers .
" The definition of proprietary trading has really been up in the air , " Jenn Fogel - Bublick , executive vice - president at the Washington lobbying firm McBee Strategic , said during a conference call with clients Friday .
" I think that is still very much in flux . "
That ambiguity , experts suggested , should give the banking industry one last opportunity to influence lawmakers .
So far , the bill has turned out far tamer than industry had initially feared .
There were concerns in recent months , for example , that Congress could seek to break up some of the country 's largest financial firms , in order to prevent future bailouts of firms that were considered " too big to fail . "
The belief now is that Wall Street may be breathing a sigh of relief in private .
Thus far however , the industry has been quite critical of the bill publicly .
The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association , which represents the interests of hundreds of financial services firms , warned that forcing banks to spin off their derivatives business would deplete their capital levels , ultimately meaning higher borrowing costs for consumers looking to secure mortgages and other loans .
" While we support the bill 's original goal of enhancing systemic risk regulation and ending too big to fail through resolution authority , we must oppose the Senate 's legislation due to these provisions , " SIFMA President and CEO Tim Ryan said in a statement .
Via Apartment
Therapy : " The home 's owner found the old armoire secondhand .
He then hired a woodworker to take out the back and install it up against a doorway into his children 's play room .
The result is a simple - enough - looking armoire that opens to a hidden room of magic and play . "
It was designed and built by Maple Seed Renovation in Portland , Oregon .
If you think about it , most of the inequalities in the United States derive from the fact that it lets in millions of new people every year .
They come because they believe it offers opportunity .
They will not all succeed but they are , broadly speaking , right .
When such people start out , they are usually poor .
It is inevitable there will be a huge gap in American society between those who have just got across the Mexican border , and those who have already " made it " .
But that need not be a problem so long as the opportunity is real .
The wretched of the world still seem to think that it is .
OTTAWA
When British voters went to the polls last week , they were reasonably certain that the outcome of the vote would be murky and totally certain that in such a case horse - trading between the three main parties would follow .
In the last stretch of the campaign , every British party leader talked openly of negotiations to come to try to ensure that a potentially hung Parliament be able to function .
The Liberal Democrats spelled out some of the concessions they intended to seek in exchange for their support .
The Labor and Conservative leaders both acknowledged the option of seeking a post-election arrangement with the third party .
When all is said and done , the British electorate went to the polls with its eyes wide open or at least at lot more open than the average Canadian voter .
In similar circumstances , this country ’s federal parties have been content to play hide - and - seek with voters .
In the dying days of the last federal campaign , the NDP did hint at a possible post-election arrangement with the Liberals .
But neither party would discuss the option openly .
Jack Layton was too busy pretending he might become prime minister and Stéphane Dion was too busy pretending the NDP had more presence than his Liberal party in most of Western Canada .
In the end the NDP talk was more about stopping the Conservatives from being returned to power than about making a minority Parliament work .
Until last fall , it was a point of pride for Jack Layton that he had never lifted a finger to sustain Stephen Harper ’s minority regime .
Judging from the concessions Great Britain ’s Nick Clegg has wrestled from the Labor and Conservative parties over the past week , Layton might want to rethink his approach and refine his bargaining skills .
Over the course of three minority governments , the NDP has failed to advance its cause of proportional representation one inch .
In the current Parliament , Layton has been left at the altar of a coalition by the Liberals and routinely ignored by the Conservatives .
By comparison to the British party leaders , Paul Martin and Stephen Harper , the minority winners of the past three Canadian elections , made no overtures to the other parties – even informally .
Instead , Martin brought his minority government to the brink with his first Throne speech .
A subsequent Liberal budget was rewritten to accommodate the NDP in the panic of another parliamentary showdown .
Harper prorogued the first Conservative minority Parliament to rush the country to the polls in the hope of securing a majority .
When that failed , he opened his second mandate with a fiscal statement so inflammatory that it brought the country to the brink of a constitutional crisis .
Canada ’s federal parties have spent the past six minority years putting a gun to each other ’s heads in the Commons .
Given a choice between brinkmanship and cooperation , they have almost always opted for the former first and fallen back on the second when all else failed .
That approach has served none of them well .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
If polls are to be believed , the next election could well prolong Canada ’s current minority cycle .
Given the current party standings in voting intentions , the next Parliament might be even more prone to deadlock than the previous three .
If minority government is going to be the new normal in Canada , bringing voters in the loop of the available alternatives before they cast their ballot and negotiating how a minority Parliament best could work ahead of installing a government might actually make a lot of sense .
Read more about :
Max
Ajl on the tunnel smuggling nightmare created by Israel ’s unlawful blockade of the Gaza Strip .
by Max Ajl
28 Apr 2010 | Truthout
Naseem has a closely - cropped goatee , and was wearing glasses and a black Fila sweatshirt when I met him .
He is a bit heavy - set , and is 25 years old .
The same as me , I tell him .
Last December , he spent a couple of full days underground .
He was n’t spelunking - he was practically buried alive .
He used to work in the Rafah tunnel network , and was entombed for a couple days because an Israeli general ordered an Israeli F - 16 to bomb a chunk of the Egypt - Gaza tunnel warren to smithereens .
Luckily for Naseem , this did n’t quite work - the tunnels were sturdier than expected .
Naseem spent over a year working in the tunnels , from before December 2008 to December 2009 .
Tunnel work was good money amidst the economic devastation Israeli police has wrought in the Gaza Strip .
According to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , in December 2008 , unemployment reached 50 percent , the highest such number in the world .
UNRWA adds that “ Labour market conditions in Gaza in 2008 were arguably the worst in its history . ”
With the labor market swamped with supply , there are few options for the many workers in desperate demand of jobs .
Young men were forced to scurry underground like moles in their urge to feed and educate their families .
That group of young men includes people from all strata of society .
Naseem went to the University of Damascus , and studied computer science there .
His father lives in Abu Dhabi .
His aunt , uncle , and cousins live in Tel al - Hawa , a nice neighborhood in Gaza City full of concrete and stone apartment blocks and houses , marred here and there by impossibly torqued beams of metal and pulverized building materials , the streets ’ asphalt still striated by the tracks of tank treads .
His family used to own a clothing store , and he was able to help with his cousins ’ food and living expenses .
But amidst the collapsing Gazan economy , the store was unable to bring in enough cash .
Naseem went into the tunnels .
He tells us that tunnel workers work 24 - hour shifts , followed by 12 off - hours .
24 on , 12 off .
Not good for circadian rhythms , but the solar daily calendar does n’t matter quite so much when you ’re working under 31 meters of earth .
He was paid $ 100 a shift .
Excellent money , then and now in Gaza , where the median wage in 2009 for employees was 57.7 shekels , a seventh of what Naseem was able to make in one shift .
His work was taking things from houses on the Egyptian side of the fence , from Egyptian Rafah , into the tunnel , whereupon someone would relay them through the tunnel to Gaza.
31 meters underground , 1200 meters long .
They paid off the Egyptians , who are fully aware of the tunnel trade .
The tunnel he used to work in was under a mosque .
He was perpetually visible .
He said they paid the Egyptians 3600 shekelim per shift .
The Israeli shekel trades at roughly 3.7 to the American dollar .
They never had any problems with the Egyptians , bringing through gas , olive oil , cigarettes , meat , aluminum , paint .
It was n’t the Egyptians that they had to be afraid of .
Just the work itself , which physically destroyed them .
Naseem said he would be above ground in Egyptian Rafah for three to four hours , collecting and organizing goods , then 20 hours below ground , in the dark tunnels .
He said that they were so busy that they did n’t even break to check their watches as their shifts wound down .
“ You get tired , you die from the work , ” he told us .
Unless you die from something else first .
Along with Naseem , there were three other men working in the tunnel , the normal complement .
When the Israeli F - 16 unloaded a missile on the Philadelphi corridor , where the Rafah tunnels are concentrated , the explosion collapsed a portion of the tunnel on the Gaza side of the border .
Naseem worked much closer to the Egyptian side .
Normally , when tunnels are pummeled , workers are able to escape out to the Egyptian border , and re-enter Gaza via a different tunnel , or the same one , when it is repaired .
But this time , another missile hit another tunnel warren , causing four tunnels to collapse .
One of them collapsed onto Naseem ’s tunnel .
One man died almost instantly - a 23 year old , Ahmad Yousef , from Gaza City .
Another ’s legs were almost severed .
He will never walk again .
Naseem will have a metal kneecap and a lumpy white scar across his knee for the rest of his life .
His ankle was broken , as were the fingers of his left hand and the bones in his left arm .
He spent three days in those tunnels , alongside a rotting corpse .
The tunnel operators run steel pipes through the tunnels to ensure a constant supply of oxygen .
People on the Gazan side of the border ran sugar - water through the pipe once an hour .
That sugar - water kept him nourished and hydrated , while he waited to be dug out .
But 70 meters of tunnel had crumbled , practically the entire Gazan side , along with part of the Egyptian side of the tunnel .
He and his remaining co-workers were in a safe pocket between the collapsed zones .
Luckily , the tunnels are packed in close , paralleling one another in carefully planned routes through the earth .
They are as near as seven or eight meters from one another .
They dug out to the nearest tunnel , and then emerged into the air .
It is cold in Rafah in December at night , and the pain from all the broken bones heightened in the frigid air .
Naseem said that none of them will ever work in the tunnels again .
What they will do for work is less certain .
As he says , “ There is no work here . ” UNRWA agrees , saying that “ unless Gaza is allowed to develop normal economic activity , unemployment , falling wages and deeper poverty will remain serious problems . ”
And young men will keep dying in the tunnels .
According to the Mezan Center , in 2010 so far five men have died in tunnel collapses .
In 2009 - 2010 , Israeli strafing killed 10 Palestinians in the tunnels .
141 men have died .
353 people have been injured .
Not all men .
Four of them were children .
[ Editor ’s note :
This week four were killed in an Egyptian bombing of a tunnel entrance .
The men died inhaling poisonous gas . ]
Here are some more of these men ’s names : Mohammed Ahmed Abu Al Hassien .
He was 22 .
He died on February 22 2010 , when he came into contact with a live current while working underground .
Mohammed was from Gazan Rafah .
He was dead before he arrived at An - Najar Hospital .
Here ’s another : Ashraf Ahmed Hashim Al Attar .
He was 23 .
He died on January 30 2009 .
He also died when he came into contact with a live current while working underground .
Ashraf was from Beit Lehiya , in Northern Gaza .
He was also dead before his body arrived at An - Najar Hospital .
The current UNRWA Commissioner General , Filippo Grandi , says that an illegal economy “ is being imposed … on the Gazans . ”
That imposition comes from the Israeli government in collaboration with Egypt , which forces Gazans to rely on tunnels for elementary human needs .
The Mezan Center says that the “ siege represents a form of unlawful collective punishment of the entire population of Gaza and has seriously harmed their human rights while the international community has remained silent , ” adding that the siege “ has driven ” the tunnel economy .
Deaths in the tunnels are not accidents .
They are predictable , the effects of a nearly hermetic closure that forces Palestinians to rely on dangerous supply - lines to keep what ’s left of the economy functioning .
On Monday , April 19 , in the morning , Muhammad Abu Sha ’ar died in a tunnel collapse .
He was 22 , and died as Israeli 22 - year - olds prepared to celebrate Yom Ha’atzmaut , Israeli Independence Day .
On Monday , April 19 , at night , Mohamed Abu Sha ’er died in a tunnel collapse .
He was 20 .
Mezan will need to update its records .
That makes seven this year .
Max
Ajl is a writer who resides in Brooklyn .
He has written for the London Guardian , The New Statesman and the Boston Review , and blogs on climate change and the Israel - Palestine conflict at www.maxajl.com.
The question is : why is [ our brain ] so big compared to the brains of our predecessors , such as Homo erectus ?
Until 200,000 years ago , there had been a gradual increase in brain size among hominins , starting three million years ago .
Then , abruptly , there was a remarkable increase of about 30 % or so .
As you can see , there 's no sudden jump 200,000 years ago , or at any other time .
The data , such as they are , are consistent with a single pattern of increase over time , as pointed out by Sang - Hee Lee and Milford Wolpoff ( 2003 ) .
Heck , it 's the lack of a sudden jump that has gotten all the attention .
Because if " modern " humans suddenly showed up in Africa 200,000 years ago , and all of a sudden had vastly larger brains than any other hominins , would n't that be a simple and tidy story ?
Do n't you think we'd all be talking about the sudden origin of modern humans as reflected by their larger brains ?
It just did n't happen .
Ciarán
In an interview that recently appeared in the Guardian , neurobiologist Colin Blakemore has overstepped the mark in his discussion of the evolution of the human brain .
There are a number of problems with Blakemore 's thesis that have been covered more than adequately by Jerry Coyne and John Hawks .
I wish to focus on the claim that there was an " abrupt " increase in brain size in hominins around 200,000 years ago .
Blakemore presents his argument as follows : John
Hawks is not convinced that there is any abrupt change in cranial capacity .
Referring to the above graph showing endocranial volume against time he writes : I decided to take the data from the Lee and Wolpoff paper and compare the periods prior and subsequent to 200,000 years ago .
As Hawks eluded to , the data can be explained by a linear model .
However , this is not very helpful since we can easily fit a line or curve to just about any data .
More to the point , a single fitted line does n't tell us much about any changes in the data .
The red line in the graph below corresponds to the best fit line for the entire dataset ( r = 0.81 ) .
The green and orange lines are the best fit lines for the two time periods we are considering .
We can see that slopes of all three lines differ appreciably from one another .
An analysis of covariance test confirms that there is a significant difference in cranial capacity between the two time periods , after we control for time .
The model is statistically significant : F ( 1 , 84 ) = 107 , p < 0.001 .
Another way to consider our data is to look at the residuals .
The residuals are simply the difference between our true values and the best fit line of our model .
A good way to think about residuals is to imagine rotating our data above anticlockwise until the best fit line is horizontal .
Since a horizontal line has a slope of zero , it also has a zero correlation with the x-variable , in our example time .
In so doing , we can consider the differences in the residuals , having controlled for time .
When we compare the residuals using the best fit line the means for the two time periods ( separated by a grey dashed line ) are significantly different .
The model is also statistically significant : t( 84 ) = - 3.9994 , p < 0.001 .
The mean difference in cranial capacity between the two periods is 122 cc ; a difference of 31 % .
This corresponds well with Blakemore 's figure .
However , it is important to note that While the numbers seem to agree with the hypothesis of a marked increase in cranial size for the later period , I think the weight Blakemore gives it is rather foolish .
The fossil record is patchy and likely unrepresentative of the true cranial variation of past hominins .
As Jerry Coyne rightfully points out , a geologically sudden change in the fossil record may simply reflection how erratic it is .
We already saw how cranial size can change markedly in 30,000 years – little more than a blip on the time scale that we are considering here .
The gradual decrease in cranial capacity since the early Upper Palaeolithic would seem geologically sudden when considered on the above timescale .
The size of the fossil record is small enough that the discovery of five or six new specimens could mean having to revise our figures once again .
Another problem is that calculating cranial capacity is not an exact science .
While advances have been made in calculating cranial capacity , in many cases it should still be considered a best guess ( de Miguel and Henneberg , 2001 ) .
This is particularly the case for palaeoanthropological material which tends to come out of the ground fragmented and deformed .
With all its drawbacks , the fossil record is often all we have to answer some of our most pressing questions .
At the same time , we need to always be conscious of what the record can and cannot tell us , and avoid the temptation to tell " fanciful tales " .
De Miguel C and Henneberg M ( 2001 ) Variation in hominid brain size : how much is due to method ?
Homo 52 : 3 –58 .
Charles Langworth
At long last , it 's five o'clock .
Another day , another dollar , as they say , and I 'm just about wrapping up .
All that 's left to do is switch off my desk lamp , grab my coat , and head home .
Maybe when I get there , I 'll have a beer .
Nothing hits the spot like a nice cold beer after putting in a solid seven hours of shirking responsibility at the office .
Advertisement
Yes , I think my lack of work here is done .
Few things bring more satisfaction to a man than maintaining the charade of an honest day 's labor .
It 's not always easy .
There are times when it feels like I 'll never make it to lunch without having to at least reply to some e-mails , but somehow I always find a way .
And when that clock strikes five , I can close my DivX player and clear my browser history with pride , knowing that I once again managed to put not one ounce of effort into the job I am paid to perform .
Advertisement
I was on fire today !
I listened to the phone ring ; I took papers out of drawers , made a concerned face at them , and put them in other drawers ; I restarted my computer twice .
And on top of all that , I also drank some coffee .
Did n't brew a new pot when I finished it , of course , because as soon as I was done organizing the sugar packets I had to get back to my desk and spend a half hour fantasizing about how I might look with different hair styles .
Yes , I complain .
But that 's only so people think I 'm working .
Truth is , I 've just been sticking this pushpin into my cubicle walls over and over when I should be preparing for tomorrow 's presentation .
And as long as there 's still work to be done , I 'll be right in this chair , updating my OkCupid profile .
Because I 'm proud of everything I do n't do for this company , and because my boss works two floors up and almost never comes down here .
Advertisement
No one thanks me for it , but day in and day out , I 'm draining valuable company resources while contributing next to nothing .
Perhaps I get my work ethic from my father .
I still remember coming home from school to find him sitting on the couch in his bathrobe after a long day of faking a herniated disk to get workers ' comp .
He 'd say , " Son , listen to me .
These places are paying you to show up in the morning and leave in the evening .
If they want you to do some work in - between , that 's their problem . "
Advertisement
He was a wise man , my Dad .
If he were here today , I think he'd be proud of me and all I have n't done .
Are there times when I feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of things I do n't do in a day ?
Of course .
That 's why it 's good to have a little routine , so you do n't find yourself accidentally falling into long bouts of productivity .
I like to start the day around 10:30 or 10:45 by rocking back and forth in my chair for a bit .
I find it sets a nice tone .
Then , it 's mostly just a mixed bag of e-mailing friends , commenting on Fail Blog videos , and hitting the " random " button on Wikipedia until lunch .
Advertisement
After that it gets pretty hairy , because it 's the afternoon and you 've just had a break , so everyone expects you to be working .
That 's why I like to jump right in , roll up my sleeves , and drop by Ted 's office to talk about the game last night .
Because when we do n't work together , nothing gets done twice as fast .
If you keep to a routine , there 's no limit to how much you can deliberately not achieve .
In college , my goal was to get a job in an art gallery .
So what did I do ?
I buckled down and concocted a completely fictitious resumé in order to lie my way in , and before I knew it , I was sitting around trying to remember the names of my fourth - grade classmates at my dream job !
Advertisement
It just goes to show you .
Circumventing hard work pays off .
And now it is time to go .
A bunch of my coworkers are having a drink at Houlihan's , and I 'm going to join them .
Not to make friends or anything .
I just need to start planting the seeds of a toothache excuse I 'm going to cash in for a half day on Tuesday .
Advertisement
That 's the hardest part about avoiding work :
It 's a 24/7 job .
Hold on to your hats -- this is a good one !
In my mind , there is no better pairing than peanut butter and chocolate .
I have perfected the eating of the peanut butter cup --- I take my time and eat all the chocolate first , and then eat the naked lump of peanut butter .
It 's the little things make me happy .
This pudding cake makes me happy !
So you should make it .
The directions sound complicated , but I know you can do it .
I used a 4 - quart slow cooker , and the batter fit perfectly , and I was really happy with how thick the cake turned out .
If you only have a 6 - quart , I 'd put an oven - safe casserole dish all the way into your slow cooker , and load the ingredients into it .
If the cake puffs up and overflows a bit while cooking ( I do n't think it will ) , it 's okay , because the goo will stay in your slow cooker .
The Ingredients .
serves 8
1 cup all - purpose flour ( I used
)
1 cup sugar ( divided .
this is important , do n't just start dumping , read on ! )
1 teaspoon baking powder ( even though Pamela 's has baking powder in it , I used this amount )
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 cup creamy peanut butter ( unless you 're a rebel .
then use chunky )
1/2 cup milk ( I used fat free cow 's .
to keep it light .
HA ! )
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
1 cup boiling water
The Directions .
Use a 4 - quart slow cooker coated well with cooking spray .
In a mixing bowl , combine flour , 1 / 2 cup sugar , baking powder and salt .
In the microwave , melt peanut butter for about 30 seconds , and then add to the mix along with milk , oil , and vanilla .
Stir really well to combine .
Spread this mixture into the bottom of your slow cooker .
In a separate bowl , mix together cocoa powder , the remaining 1/ 2 cup of sugar , and 1 cup boiling water ( be careful ! )
Pour this evenly over the peanut butter batter in your cooker .
Cover and cook on high for 2 - 4 hours , or until the top has set and an inserted toothpick ( into the cake - - underneath the cake is molten chocolate ) comes out clean .
Let the cake sit uncovered in an unplugged crockpot for about 20 minutes , then serve warm in dessert bowls .
The Verdict .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Hadrian 's
Wall has been lit from end to end by a team of 500 volunteers holding flaming torches .
The " line of light " followed an 84 - mile ( 135 km ) national walking trail that shadows the route of the Roman wall spanning northern England .
Volunteers with gas - powered beacons stood 820 ft ( 250 m ) apart , with the line of light lasting for about 30 minutes .
The spectacle , to mark British Tourism Week , required the co-operation of more than 120 local landowners on the route .
The first torch was lit at Segedunum Roman Fort in Wallsend , North Tyneside , at about 1800 GMT .
' Cause for celebration '
The final beacon was ignited at Bowness - on - Solway , on Cumbria 's west coast , about an hour later .
Speaking as a torch was ignited nearby , the chief executive of Hadrian 's Wall Heritage , Linda Tuttiett , said it was a great moment .
" It 's a cause for celebration , this is our Hadrian 's Wall , it belongs to everybody especially the people in the communities here across the north of England .
" And we 're so thankful , we worked with all of the landowners across the wall who have been absolutely fantastic in helping us realise this special moment and we just want to share it with the world , really . "
Organisers described the response for volunteers as " overwhelming " , with people from as far afield as Canada and Australia signing up to take part .
Anger mounts as Straw refuses to reveal why Bulger killer Jon Venables is back behind bars
James Bulger 's mother : Venables is back where he belongs
Straw : Good reasons why public can't be told what he 's done
Bulger murder detective demands the truth be revealed
The Government was facing mounting anger today at the secrecy surrounding the sensational return of one of James Bulger 's killers to prison .
Government officials have thrown a blanket of secrecy around Jon Venables , refusing to say whether he has committed a new crime or to which jail he has been sent .
The Ministry of Justice have refused to tell even James ' distraught mother the reason for the recall , believed to have happened last week .
Both Justice Secretary Jack Straw and Home Secretary Alan Johnson defended the move to keep all details quiet today .
But the detective who headed the Bulger murder investigation led calls for the truth to be revealed , insisting it would help allay people 's fears .
Alan Johnson ( left ) and Jack Straw ( right ) will not say why Venables is back in jail
Albert Kirby said : ' I think the statement that came out last night actually raises more questions than it answers ...
It would help to clarify and put this to rest once and for all if the public did have some indication of what it is he has done .
Kept in the dark : James Bulger 's mother Denise in Liverpool today
' Not where he is or details like that but the reason why his probation has been revoked and he is back inside .
It 's going to be asking the questions " why is he there and did the authorities fail in making the assessments of his suitability to come back into society ? " . '
He suggested it was unlikely a minor infringement had ended Venables ' freedom , given the huge effort made to create a new life for him .
' They would n't - using football parlance - have given him a red card and go to prison for one infringement , ' the detective said .
Mr Straw insisted there was a ' very good reason ' why the murdered toddler 's family and the public could not be told why Venables was back in jail .
' I 'm sorry that I can not give more information at this stage on the nature of the alleged breach .
I know there 's an intense public interest in why he has been recalled .
' I would like to give that information but I 'm sorry that for good reasons I can't and that 's in the public interest , ' he said .
' There is always a careful balance that has to be maintained .
I have no interest at all in withholding information gratuitously or unnecessarily . '
Mr Johnson hinted the truth would ultimately emerge but said : ' At this juncture I can say nothing more than confirm that Jon Venables is back in custody .
' I believe the public do have a right to know and I believe they will know all the facts in due course .
But I must in no way prejudice the future criminal justice proceedings . '
In a statement , a spokesman for the Department of Justice only said : ' We can confirm that Jon Venables has been recalled to custody following a breach of licence conditions .
' Offenders on licence are subject to strict conditions .
If they breach those conditions they are subject to immediate recall . '
Venables and his accomplice Robert Thompson were only ten when they abducted James , two , from a Liverpool shopping centre in February 1993 and murdered him in a crime which shocked the world .
But , despite the horror at their crimes , they were released from custody only eight years later without spending a single day in an adult prison , and handed new identities protected by draconian rules .
As a result , fellow prisoners will today be unaware of the horrific crime committed by their new cellmate .
Back behind bars : Jon Venables , left , abducted and murdered James Bulger , right , in February 1993
Depending on the reasons for his re-imprisonment , Venables could now face a life sentence .
James ' distraught mother Denise Fergus , 42 , has never felt it was safe to release either of his killers and says Venables is not back ' where he belongs ' .
' Would like to let everyone know Jon Venables is were he belongs tonight behind bars is this my sons justice [ sic ] , ' she wrote on Twitter .
Hinting at the family 's anguish , her husband Stuart added : ' Thinking when will this all end for my wife . '
A spokesman for Mrs Fergus said last night : ' She believes this breach of parole shows that she was right .
Controversial : Robert Thompson was given a new identity .
He is understood to be living with a homosexual partner
' The Probation Service has promised to keep Denise informed about progress in the case and has assured her that she was not in danger at any time .
But she believes that she and the public have a right to know what Venables has done . '
Mr Kirby said he had spoken to Denise and that the news had brought ' a whole load of anxiety ' back to her .
He said : ' There 's always been a lot of anxiety as to where both boys are and to hear something like that brings back to her a lot of the concerns , quite understandably , that she and any other parents in these sorts of circumstances would have .'
Venables sees a small band of very senior probation officers who are sworn to secrecy about his conduct .
If at any stage they believe his behaviour is deteriorating , or he is taking drugs , they have the power to request his recall to jail .
This took place last week but was kept secret until last night .
Venables will now be able to appeal against his recall within 28 days .
If successful , he can once again be released .
If not , he could face a life sentence under the licence conditions .
' There must be a possibility of his new identity being exposed in prison and the inference must be it was a serious breach '
Barrister Michael Wolkind QC
LICENCE CONDITIONS
When Jon Venables and Robert Thompson were released in 2001 , their parole was subject to strict conditions :
They were ordered to end contact with each other ;
They could not contact or attempt to contact any member of the Bulger family ;
The killers were not allowed to enter the metropolitan County of Merseyside without the prior written consent of their probation officers ;
If their behaviour deteriorated or they started using drugs they could be sent back to prison ;
If they are jailed again , they could face a life sentence .
Harry Fletcher , of the probation union Napo , said there was extraordinary secrecy surrounding Venables .
He said : ' The recall is being confirmed now because somebody has found out . '
Venables ' solicitor , Laurence Lee , said he was ' shocked ' by the news .
' If I were a betting man and someone said to me " One of the two killers of Jamie Bulger had been arrested and returned to prison " , I would have put a lot of money on it not being Jon because he was by unanimous agreement the lesser evil of the two , ' he told the BBC .
' He could have been recalled on licence if he committed an offence , it could be that he returned to Merseyside , it could be he might have approached the family .
There is no evidence so far that he did any of these things . '
Barrister Michael Wolkind QC said he thought there was a ' significant chance ' the breach had been serious .
' Licence is a means of controlling people once they are released , ' he said .
' Now this has been publicised , I think there must be a possibility of his new identity being exposed in prison and the inference must be it was a serious breach .
' To go to all the trouble of building him a new identity and a new life , there must be a significant chance it was serious . '
Led away : A security camera captures James hand - in - hand with one of his killers at a shopping centre in Liverpool
The restrictions placed upon Venables included not returning to the city of his crime , contacting the Bulgers or contacting Thompson .
Since being freed , Venables has been given help with his education , finding jobs and
accommodation .
While strict court orders have drawn a veil of secrecy on the killers ' lives , it is known Venables , now believed to be a born - again Christian , had settled down and was planning to marry .
Thompson is understood to be living with a homosexual partner .
But Venables was also reported to have been involved in several violent incidents , including in December 2007 when he was said to have been stabbed after accusing someone of chatting up his girlfriend .
Distraught : James ' mother Denise with her husband Stuart
David Blunkett , who as Home Secretary informed MPs of the Parole Board 's decision that Venables should be released in 2001 , said he had heard of his return to custody ' with great regret ' .
' It is nine years since Jon Venables was granted conditional release by the Parole Board , ' he said .
' As the incoming Home Secretary , it was my duty to ensure that every safeguard for the public was put in place and that the terms of the release - initially on licence - should be reinforced .
' Almost a decade later , it is with great regret that I have learned of the breach - but it is a great credit to the professionals undertaking the supervision and the continuing follow - through work that action has been taken and the original terms enforced . '
Family holiday : James playing with his mother Denise
It was on February 13 , 1993 , Venables and Thompson abducted James and killed him on a railway line .
The toddler 's battered body was found by children playing on a freight railway line 200 yards from a police station and more than two miles from the Strand shopping centre .
Infamous CCTV images released at the time of the crime showed James being led away by the hand .
The two boys , who were truanting from school , walked James around the streets of Liverpool for more than two miles , stopping occasionally to kick and punch him .
They told adults who intervened that he was their brother .
They left his body on the tracks in the hope it would be destroyed by a train .
The toddler had been splattered with blue paint and his battered head lay surrounded by a pile of bricks .
Days later Venables and Thompson were arrested and , when they were charged , were the youngest to face a murder prosecution in the 20th century .
In November that year , they were convicted following a 17 - day trial at Preston Crown Court .
Trial judge Mr Justice Morland told the pair they had committed a crime of ' unparalleled evil and barbarity ' .
Puma 's sustainable alternative to cardboard boxes .
Fuseproject just announced the release of Puma 's Clever Little Bag to replace the brand 's shoeboxes , kicking off Puma 's next phase in its sustainability program .
The bag uses 65 % less cardboard than the typical shoebox .
Created out of non-woven mesh , the recyclable material requires less work and creates less waste .
It has no laminated printing and no tissue paper , it takes up less space than boxes and also weighs less when shipping .
It can also can serve as a replacement to the retail bag .
According to fuseproject , all of this will result in Puma 's reduction in water , energy and diesel consumption from manufacturing by more than 60 % a year .
Cool stuff !
What do you think ?
The British National Party has been thrown into pre-election chaos after a senior party official was arrested on suspicion of threatening to kill its leader , Nick Griffin .
Mark Collett , its publicity director , has also been accused by party chiefs of attempting to launch a " palace coup " against Mr Griffin .
The far - right party 's senior members will hold an emergency meeting tonight at a secret location in the Midlands to discuss the crisis and Mr Griffin 's leadership .
He has faced criticism from within the party following his showing on the BBC's Question Time .
The bitter infighting has blown up as the BNP prepares its biggest ever general election drive , focusing on Mr Griffin 's candidacy in the east London constituency of Barking .
The supposed plot was revealed in a leaked BNP internal document disclosing that Mr Collett had been " relieved of all positions within the party with immediate effect " .
Mr Griffin had gone to the police after " serious allegations " came to light affecting the " personal safety " of the BNP leader and James Dowson , its senior fundraiser , the memo said .
The BNP document claimed : " We are able to say that Mark Collett was conspiring with a small clique of other party officials to launch a ' palace coup ' against our twice democratically elected party leader , Nick Griffin .
In order to create the artificial climate of disillusionment necessary for this to stand any chance of success , lies and unfounded rumours have been spread , and were planned to be spread much further . "
The leaked document said there was " extensive circumstantial evidence " of an attempt to sabotage the party 's local and national election campaigns , alleging sensitive party information had been leaked to damage its prospects .
It also claimed there had been an " ongoing , co-ordinated and sustained hate campaign , feeding lies to certain anti-BNP blog sites " .
It said : " All in all , we believe we have uncovered the most serious and dangerous threat to this party and its officers that we have ever witnessed . "
In 2002 , Mr Collett declared his admiration for Adolf Hitler and said he considered Aids a " friendly disease because blacks , drug users and gays have it " , when he appeared in a Channel 4 documentary called Young , Nazi and Proud .
In 2006 , he and Mr Griffin were cleared of race hate charges linked to speeches that they had made before the 2004 local elections .
Mr Collett , 29 , had been planning to stand in Sheffield at the election against David Blunkett , the former home secretary .
He said yesterday : " I do n't intend to say anything bad about the party that would compromise it in the run-up to an election .
If I 've been wronged , which I believe I have , I 've still got no intention to undermine the party .
I 'm not someone who goes running to the press when I 've got problems .
I 'm not going to say anything more , even about if I 've been arrested . "
Concerns about Mr Griffin 's leadership had been growing within the BNP since his criticised performance on Question Time .
He has faced internal fire for bowing to demands from the court to amend the party 's constitution to admit ethnic minority members , and controversy over his expenses as a Member of the European Parliament .
A spokesman for the anti-fascist group Searchlight said : " Nick Griffin is constantly claiming he is the leader of a moderate , non-violent organisation .
It is difficult to see how he can square that assertion with his statement to the police that his own head of publicity has been plotting against him . "
Humberside Police said : " A 29 - year - old man was arrested on Thursday on suspicion of making threats to kill .
He was interviewed by Humberside Police detectives and has been released on police bail pending further inquiries . "
The BNP came close to civil war two years ago after two organisers were accused of plotting a coup against Mr Griffin and sacked for " gross misconduct " .
They were backed by at least 50 activists and councillors .
But the BNP – itself born out of a split in the National Front 's ranks in the 1980s – recovered and have since achieved two breakthroughs with the election of its first Greater London Assembly member in 2008 and its first two Euro MPs last year .
Mark Collett : ' They are out to destroy us whites '
Born in October 1980 , Mark Collett grew up in Leicester in what he described as a " very working - class family " .
He disliked the burgeoning immigrant population , reportedly saying in 2002 : " I went back there recently and it was worse than Leeds .
Blacks everywhere , sari shops , jewellers , Indian restaurants .
I hated that . "
His first dalliance with the BNP came after a speaker from that party was expelled from the Free Speech Society at Leeds University , where he was studying .
When invited to a BNP meeting in Burnley afterwards , he felt " right at home " .
Collett 's role as leader of the Young BNP was thwarted by an undercover documentary in 2002 , in which he spoke of his admiration for Adolf Hitler and the UDA terrorist Johnny Adair .
He was recorded saying that Aids was a " friendly disease , because blacks and drug users and gays have it " .
That led to a brief expulsion from the party .
He was caught on The Secret Agent documentary in 2004 describing asylum seekers as " cockroaches " .
Of Asian men he said : " They do n't go out mugging Asian grandmas , they do n't go stabbing each other , they do n't go trying to solicit sex off little Pritesh or little Sanjita , they go straight to the whites ' cos they are trying to destroy us and they are the racists . "
He and BNP leader Nick Griffin were prosecuted for alleged race hate offences and eventually acquitted .
Email extract :
What the party told its members
LONDON — Airlines , facing huge losses in revenue due to the volcanic ash cloud that has prevented aircraft from flying in northern Europe since Thursday , wo n't be able to make claims to cover those losses because they are n't covered for such an event , insurers said Friday .
Aviation insurance typically covers physical damage to planes , and so far , no airplane has been damaged by the ash , insurance companies and experts said .
" A...
DETROIT -- Adversity is inevitable for any goaltender in the Stanley Cup playoffs .
Detroit Red Wings rookie Jimmy Howard is dealing with a shaky previous performance as a crucial Game 4 looms Tuesday night against the Phoenix Coyotes .
It helps having Chris Osgood around to provide advice and act as a sounding board .
" He 's pretty much seen it all in his career , '' Howard said .
" I can bounce things off him and he 's very truthful telling me if I 've made the right play or not .
He tells me what I should 've done here and there .
I 'm just thankful that I have a teammate like that . ''
Osgood 's message to Howard was simple : Forget about
.
" I just told him go inside ( the dressing room ) , get your stuff off and go hang out in the back , '' Osgood said .
" I said , ' Let 's not dwell on something that 's already happened .
You can't change it .
Move on from it . '
That 's what we 've done .
" I had tons of guys I was fortunate to play with who did the same thing for me .
It helps a lot to have a guy around like that , just to know he 's got your back .
Stuff happens during the course of the playoffs .
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock had similar advice , saying Howard only needs to focus on the next puck .
" There 's nothing you can do about the ones that went in , '' Babcock said .
" If he spends any time worrying about that stuff , then that 's an issue for him .
" All the great goalies of all - time , when you watch the highlights , you 'll see them let in awful goals .
But it 's not about that , it 's about the next one .
Howie has been great at that .
Now , it 's new stakes .
" You 've got to respond to that , and we 're real comfortable that he 's going to .
That 's not a concern for us at all . ''
Howard said he allowed untimely goals that are " momentum shifters and backbreakers in the playoffs ' ' in Game 3 .
He followed Osgood 's advice and did n't think about hockey when he got home .
He came to the rink Monday and said he had " a great practice . ''
" Being a goalie , you have to have a short - term memory , '' Howard said .
" You have to go back out there and do your job .
( Goaltending coach ) Jim Bedard and I went over everything I was doing good , just reinforced everything positively . ''
The City of Vancouver , incorporated April 6 , 1886 , is 124 years old on Tuesday .
To mark the event , writer Chuck Davis — whose eye for the strange and obscure is keen — wandered through his website , www.vancouverhistory.ca, looking for 124 oddities in the city ’s past .
That website is a kind of preview of Chuck ’s forthcoming book , The History of Metropolitan Vancouver .
There are more than 2,000 pages of local history on the site , most of which are not strange and obscure .
Chuck Davis marks the City of Vancouver ’s birthday with 124 strange and obscure facts
In 1880 the influential London Truth newspaper editorialized : “ British Columbia is not worth keeping .
It should never have been inhabited at all .
It will never pay a red cent of interest on the money that may be sunk in it . ”
In 1792 , a Spanish exploration party in these waters taught the local native people a song called Malbrouck , and recorded in their journals that the men were singing the song as they paddled away .
We know the tune as For He ’s a Jolly Good Fellow .
On Jan. 6 , 1953 , Vancouver ’s longest wet spell began .
It ended 29 days later .
There had been recorded rain on every one of those 29 days .
In 1878 the Moodyville Tickler , Burrard Inlet ’s first newspaper , appeared .
It had a very brief , tongue - in - cheek existence .
For example , if you paid more than the going rate for an obituary , it became more complimentary .
In 1886 , with a population of about 1,000 , Vancouver had three daily newspapers .
It is said that in 1867 , when newly - arrived John ( Gassy Jack ) Deighton arrived at Burrard Inlet , he told the mill workers there they could have all the whiskey they could drink if they helped him build his saloon .
The Globe went up in 24 hours .
In 1883 the first locomotive arrived in Vancouver ... on a ship .
It was used for local work .
In 1861 , Col. Richard Moody of the Royal Engineers named a big island in Richmond in honour of 16 - year - old singer Lulu Sweet , a visiting member of a touring San Francisco musical revue .
On Feb. 12 , 1954 the first “ civilian ” to drive over the brand - new Granville Street Bridge — the third bridge built at that site — was the same woman who was first to drive over the second bridge when it was new in 1909 .
She had been widowed between the two openings , and so had a different name ... but both times she was at the wheel of a brand - new Cadillac .
In 1893 , the exclusive Vancouver Club was formed .
Shortly after its inauguration it ran into financial problems , and its china and silverware were repossessed .
They were used — complete with the club ’s crest — in the restaurant of the man who had supplied the stuff .
In 1930 , a world record for egg - laying was set by “ No Drone , No. 5H , ” a hen from the Whiting farm in Surrey .
She had laid 357 eggs in 365 days .
“ No Drone ” was preserved for posterity and her stuffed form put on display at the World Poultry Congress in Rome .
In 1869 our first ( unofficial ) postmaster was hotel owner Maxie Michaud .
He had walked here from Montreal .
On Aug. 21 , 1949 , the biggest quake in B.C. ’s recorded history , 8.1 on the Richter scale , occurred off the Queen Charlotte Islands ( Haida Gwaii ) .
Its major force was felt to the uninhabited west of the islands and damage was minimal .
Newspapers reported on one local result : A clock had stopped in the home of Mrs. Laurie Sanders , Imperial Street in Burnaby .
In 1938 The Teahouse at Ferguson Point in Stanley Park , a restaurant today , was built as an officers mess for a military defence garrison .
In 1865 the first telegraph message from the outside world to arrive at Burrard Inlet told of the assassination of U.S. president Abraham Lincoln .
In 1965 , the tunnel at Vancouver ’s main post office , built to carry mail to the CPR station , was closed permanently for that purpose , having proved impractical .
It would later be used for storage and creepy movie scenes .
In the 1880s , a company of American cavalry raided an Apache village in Arizona .
Among other things , they discovered a stack of Canadian Pacific Railway pamphlets advertising lots in Vancouver ’s posh “ Brighouse Estates . ”
In 1889 , the writer Rudyard Kipling visited Vancouver and bought land here : two lots at the southeast corner of East 11th Avenue and Fraser Street .
In 1900 , the Canadian Pacific Railway financed a film to promote Canadian immigration to the West .
It took two years to film because the filmmakers were n’t allowed to show snow .
In 1901 , on June 23 , there was snow in South Vancouver .
In 1926 , baseball ’s Babe Ruth hammed it up on stage in Vancouver during a personal appearance tour of North America .
He posed as a batter , with Vancouver mayor L.D. Taylor crouching behind him as catcher , and the city ’s chief of police grimly umpiring .
In 1938 , the Vancouver Art Gallery board refused to buy an Emily Carr picture , priced at $ 400 , because , said art writer Tony Robertson , “ it was n’t art as they understood art .
They were eventually persuaded it was and paid up . ”
On Jan. 16 , 1953 police raided the Avon Theatre on Hastings Street , presenting Erskine Caldwell ’s play Tobacco Road , and arrested the cast on charges of an indecent performance .
One of the cast appeared to be peeing into a cornfield .
In October 1961 , the RCMP raided Vancouver bookstores and the main library to seize copies of Henry Miller ’s novel Tropic of Cancer .
Today , you can buy Miller ’s book at drugstore book racks .
In 1882 , when the first electricity came to B.C. ( at the Moodyville sawmill on the north shore of Burrard Inlet ) the mayor and council of Victoria made a special trip over here to see the lights turned on .
In 1884 huge , knot - free beams , 34 metres ( 112 feet ) long by 70 cm ( 28 inches ) square were shipped to Beijing from Burrard Inlet sawmills .
They ’re still there , part of the Imperial Palace .
In 1931 , Vancouver International Airport opened .
Cowley Crescent , the road surrounding the first terminal , was created when the airport ’s designer , William Templeton , took a pencil and traced a line around a light bulb held down on the plans .
You can still see that bulb - shaped road from the air today .
In 1931 , a party of local dignitaries was taken up in a plane on the day the airport opened to see what it looked like from the air .
A well - known city alderman became airsick up there and threw up in the police chief ’s hat .
On July 22 , 1931 Jack Kendrick , who later worked as a commissionaire at the airport in the early 1990s , was born .
This is the same day that the airport opened .
In 1886 , butcher George Black organized horse races down muddy Granville Street .
On Feb. 16 , 1940 the Canadian premiere of Gone With The Wind was held at Vancouver ’s Orpheum Theatre .
Vivienne Leigh ’s daughter happened to be attending a private school here , and was in the audience ( unannounced , at her mother ’s insistence ) .
In 1886 , when the city ’s first fire engine and its supporting equipment arrived ( two months after the Great Fire ) , there were no horses available to pull it .
For a time , it had to be pulled to fires by the firefighters themselves .
In 1960 , during construction of the Trans - Canada Highway through the Fraser Valley , a man named Charlie Perkins stood guard over his ivy - covered fir tree , directly in the path of the new road .
He had dedicated the tree to fallen comrades in the First World War , and the public outcry over the possible destruction of the tree resulted in the engineers curving the road around it , a unique circumstance in the construction of a national highway .
You can see that curve on the Trans - Canada to this day .
In 1905 , the first auto club race around Stanley Park was held .
Eleven cars started , five finished .
All the finishers were Oldsmobiles .
In 1908 “ Jeff , the Boxing Kangaroo ” amused big crowds in Vancouver at the Pantages Theatre .
By 1965 , the funky old building at Main Street and East 15th Avenue in Vancouver , originally Postal Station C , later a federal department of agriculture office block , had been empty for three years .
A special investigation branch of the RCMP moved in .
The Mounties would be there until 1976 .
( Today , it ’s Heritage Hall . )
In 1891 , when the population of Vancouver was about 13,000 , the Vancouver Opera House , built for the Canadian Pacific Railway , opened on Granville with 2,000 seats .
In 1886 , the first badges for the Vancouver police were made of American silver dollars , with one side smoothed down and engraved Vancouver City Police .
In 1910 , a man in Surrey was fined $ 10 for speeding in his 1907 Marion car .
He was travelling at 12 miles per hour .
In 1891 , world - famed actress Sarah Bernhardt appeared in Vancouver , but audience numbers fell off sharply when it was found she acted only in French .
On Nov. 6 , 1942 , in wartime Vancouver , one of the lions ( carved in 1908 by John Bruce ) in front of the provincial courthouse , ( now the Vancouver Art Gallery ) , carved in 1908 by John Bruce , was damaged by a bomb .
The culprit was never caught .
In 1924 , local newspapers reported that the Point Grey wireless station had picked up mysterious signals from the planet Mars .
It was believed the Martians were attempting to contact us .
In 1892 , B.C. premier John Robson , after whom Robson Street was named , was visiting London , England .
He got his finger caught in a cab door , infection set in , and he died .
On May 10 , 1947 , Vancouver schoolchildren circulated a petition calling for an end to wartime taxes on candy .
In response , the price of chocolate bars was lowered from eight cents to seven cents .
In 1894 , gold was discovered on Lulu Island .
In 1898 , on Oct. 15 , the Nine O’Clock Gun was fired for the first time in Stanley Park ... at noon .
On July 21 , 1954 , with landscaping on the largest quarry at the future Queen Elizabeth Park completed , Mayor Fred Hume buried a time capsule beneath Centuries Rock in the park .
It is to be opened in 2054 .
Mark your Daytimer .
On Aug. 22 , 1964 , the Beatles hit Vancouver .
There had been a delay at customs , and at a press conference later a reporter asked the boys why it had happened .
John Lennon replied : “ We had to be deloused . ”
In 1899 , the city ’s first CPR station ( a tiny building ) was moved from the north foot of Howe Street to No. 10 Heatley Street .
CPR worker William Alberts , who had been badly injured on the job , was allowed to move into the old , unused station and use it as a rent - free residence for the rest of his life .
He lived there for 50 years .
In 1903 , W.S. Holland shot and killed a timber wolf at the corner of Burnaby and Cardero streets in the West End .
On Oct. 12 , 1953 Vancouver ’s Frank Ogden — better known these days as Dr. Tomorrow — established the Canadian light - plane altitude record by flying a Mooney M - 18 Scotsman to an altitude of 19,400 feet .
With a conventional internal combustion engine , he set this “ impossible ” record by flying up until he ran out of gas and then gliding back .
“ It took place , ” Ogden explained , “ out of the Toronto Island Airport .
The record has never been broken .
Mainly , I suspect because most pilots are sensible enough to want 20 to 30 gallons of gas left in the tanks to get back .
I flew up until I ran out of gas and glided back to the same airport . ”
In 1909 , brand - new world heavyweight boxing champ Jack Johnson fought an exhibition bout in Vancouver with boxer Victor McLaglen , who would later become an Oscar - winning movie actor .
In 1894 , the forerunner of the Museum of Vancouver was created .
The first donation was a stuffed swan .
In 1909 , Vancouver took its first mechanized ambulance out for a test drive .
It ran over and killed an American tourist .
In 1936 , a group of local women , the “ Flying Seven , ” conducted the city ’s first “ flyover . ”
In the flyover the seven women — each of whom had her own plane — alternated their flights , keeping a plane aloft over the city for 24 uninterrupted hours as a demonstration of air defence .
In 1932 , a 14 - year - old boy named Gerald Hobbis , nicknamed Cap , traded a bunch of old magazines for his first bicycle .
He repaired it in his basement and sold it for $ 10 .
Cap would become a hugely successful bicycle retailer .
All the grey squirrels in Stanley Park today are the offspring of a gift of eight pairs from New York City in 1909 .
The ceiling on the second floor of the rotunda in Vancouver city hall , opened in 1936 , was covered with gold leaf from several B.C. mines .
In 1936 , on April 25 , Vancouver retailer Charles Woodward , said : “ My prediction is that within 40 , at the outside 50 , years Vancouver will be the largest city in Canada . ”
Not yet .
Mayor L.D. Taylor , who died in 1946 , was once briefly married to two women at the same time .
[ See the Daniel Francis book , L.D. Taylor and the Rise of Vancouver for details . ]
In 1910 , Vancouver ’s Cedar Cottage neighbourhood got its name from an Interurban train stop there .
The station , in turn , was named for the Cedar Cottage Brewery .
In 1931 , on Aug. 2 , the Province newspaper had this startling lead to a story : “ One person in every 300 in British Columbia is insane . ”
In 1930 , Vancouver got its first shipment of “ Lillybet ” dolls , modelled after five - year - old Princess Elizabeth , who is Queen Elizabeth II today . )
In 1927 , a Wurlitzer pipe organ , with 13 sets of pipes , was shipped from the Wurlitzer factory in North Tonawanda , N.Y. , to Vancouver for use in the brand - new Orpheum Theatre .
It ’s still there , the only pipe organ in Canada still in the theatre in which it was originally installed .
Sliced bread came to Vancouver in 1937 .
When the parking meter came to Vancouver in 1946 , the fee was five cents for one hour ’s parking .
In 1922 , visiting vaudeville entertainer Benny Kubelsky , performing at the ( old ) Orpheum Theatre , met a young Vancouver girl named Sadie Marks .
They met again in Seattle in 1926 and were married .
We know them better as Jack Benny and Mary Livingstone .
In 1912 , a group of Vancouver businessmen conceived a plan to build a 15 - metre - high dam across the Second Narrows .
Port Moody , which would have been flooded , protested .
Picky , picky .
When the Burrard Bridge opened in 1932 , Cedar Street disappeared .
When the bridge went in , it connected to Cedar Street south of the bridge .
The name Burrard was simply extended and Cedar disappeared .
In 1912 , an English revue company called Karno ’s Comedians performed in Vancouver .
Included in the cast : Charlie Chaplin and Stan Laurel .
Their real fame would come later .
The 1937 movie The Great Barrier was an adventure based on the CPR ’s crossing of the Rocky Mountains .
The locomotive used in the movie that brings the first train in was No. 374 , the actual locomotive that came into Vancouver in 1887 , and which is now on display in the Roundhouse in Yaletown .
In wartime 1943 , Kitsilano Beach was used for rehearsing commando beach assaults .
In 1928 , on Jan. 1 , 16 - year - old Ivy Granstrom made her first entry into the chilly waters of English Bay in the Polar Bear Swim .
Ms. Granstrom , blind from birth , would go on to appear at 77 consecutive Polar Bear events .
In 1918 , RAF pilot Lt. Victor Bishop crashed his little H - 2 “ flying boat ” onto the roof of a West End doctor .
He stepped out of the plane into the upstairs hallway of the house and , with the assistance of one of the residents , walked down the stairs to the front door and outside through a gathered crowd to a waiting ambulance .
In 1929 Charles Lindbergh , visiting Seattle , refused an invitation from Vancouver mayor L.D. Taylor to fly into Vancouver because , Lindbergh said , “ Your airport is n’t fit to land on . ”
That embarrassed Vancouver , and prompted the push to build one that was .
On Aug. 25 , 1943 at rededication ceremonies in Stanley Park , the official party was driven by Frank Plant , who had driven Lord and Lady Stanley and Mayor David Oppenheimer and Mrs. Oppenheimer to the original dedication 55 years earlier .
In 1914 , the mayor of Vancouver banned performances by visiting English music - hall performer Marie Lloyd .
At one point in her show she had lifted her floor - length gown up two inches to reveal a watch on her ankle .
The shameless hussy !
In 1920 , in Surrey , loggers found an eagle ’s nest so big it was too large for a farm wagon to haul away .
On Aug. 15 1949 , radio ’s Jack Cullen , who was switching stations , did his last show at CKMO and his first show at CKNW at the same time .
He had taped his ’MO show earlier , and did his ’NW show live .
In 1917 , during a business trip to Portland , Prussian - born Vancouver businessman Alvo von Alvensleben was arrested .
It seems British intelligence officials had sent a list of “ dangerous German spies ” to the U.S. Justice Department , and Alvensleben ’s name topped the list .
Some of the stained - glass windows at St. John ’s Shaughnessy Anglican Church at Nanton and Granville Streets in Vancouver are made from shattered fragments of 11th century stained glass from England ’s Canterbury Cathedral .
The cathedral had been bombed during the Second World War .
In 1928 , alderman J. DeGraves of the street - naming committee recommended to the Town Planning Commission that the name of Union Street be changed to Adanac , “ Canada ” spelled backwards .
Done .
In 1964 , Vancouver ’s Mayor Bill Rathie and park board chairman George Wainborn drove the last spike in the Stanley Park miniature railway .
In 1930 , the Barnet Lumber Mill in Burnaby was the largest in the world .
In 1919 , more than two thousand pieces of Vancouver property were listed in the newspapers for sale by auction .
They had been seized for nonpayment of taxes , some for amounts less than $ 10 .
In 1932 , the M.V. Scenic began service , the only floating post office in the British Empire .
She would serve to 1968 , known as the Burrard Inlet T.P.O. ( Travelling Post Office . )
In 1938 , a Vancouver Chinatown restaurant , C.K. Chop Suey , had its licence cancelled for employing two white waitresses .
One of the minor performers in the 1925 Lon Chaney movie treatment of Phantom of the Opera was Vancouver choreographer Aida Broadbent .
The statue ( erected in 1921 ) in front of Vancouver ’s CPR station of the angel bearing a fallen soldier heavenward is an exact replica of statues in Winnipeg and Montreal .
In 1936 .
B.C. was visited by the governor - general , Lord Tweedsmuir .
He was better known as writer John Buchan , the author of a best - selling mystery , twice filmed , with a third version recently televised , titled The Thirty - Nine Steps .
In 1920 , in November , construction on the Peace Arch was stopped to allow time for the concrete to set .
It would not resume until June 1921 .
In 1936 , on July 4 , a visiting cricket team from Hollywood came up to Vancouver to play a local team at Brockton Point .
Included in the Hollywood team ’s roster : Errol Flynn , Boris Karloff and C. Aubrey Smith .
On May 10 1955 , Tommy Burns died in Vancouver at 74 .
He was the only Canadian to have been world heavyweight boxing champion .
Four people attended his burial : a boxing fan and his wife and two gravediggers .
In 1921 , Henry Green , musical director of an orchestra that became the genesis of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra , skipped town with the orchestra ’s money , never to be heard from again .
The Lost Lagoon fountain in Stanley Park , installed in 1936 , was purchased from Chicago , a leftover from that city ’s world fair .
In 1964 , the Vancouver Public Aquarium captured the first killer whale ever to be studied alive in captivity .
He ( yes , he ) became known as “ Moby Doll . ”
He was originally thought to be female .
In 1923 , on July 27 , the first sitting U.S. president to visit Canada , Warren Harding , came to Vancouver .
Fifty - thousand people turned out to hear him speak in Stanley Park .
Exactly one week later , Harding died in San Francisco .
On April 6 , 1945 the town of Coevorden , the Dutch city from which Capt .
George Vancouver ’s family derived its name , was liberated from Nazi occupation by Canadian soldiers .
In a happy coincidence , April 6 is the City of Vancouver ’s birthday .
Coevorden , in Dutch , means “ cow crossing . ”
In 1920 , in Port Coquitlam , a fire destroyed the firehall and half the buildings in the downtown .
The fire had started in the fire chief ’s kitchen above the firehall .
In 1929 , the New Westminster Exhibition was opened by a British politician named Winston Churchill .
The 55 - year - old Churchill was not yet prime minister .
In 1924 , Lansdowne Track in Richmond opened , named for a former governor - general .
The peat bog on which the track was built acted like a sponge and horses ran slower at high tide .
In 1937 when B.C. premier Duff Pattullo opened the bridge named for him he said , “ It is a thing of beauty . ” England - born Alan Young was a big hit from 1961 to 1965 in Mr. Ed , a sitcom about a talking horse .
Young started in showbiz in 1937 at radio CJOR in Vancouver .
On Feb. 19 , 1938 , a mysterious big bang was heard in Vancouver .
It woke thousands of people , yet no cause was ever found .
In 1937 , The Vancouver Sun was forced out of its 125 West Pender location by a fire .
It bought the building across the street and moved in there .
The paper stayed there for the next 28 years .
Forty - two years after the paper moved out , locals still call that building the Old Sun Tower .
In 1925 , a Vancouver branch of the Ku Klux Klan , the racist organization that had originated in the Southern U.S. , used the Tait Mansion in Shaughnessy as its headquarters .
Rent was $ 150 a month .
Today , that building is the children ’s hospice , Canuck Place .
In 1934 , a 20 - year - old named Foncie Pulice set up a camera on the sidewalk on Granville Street in downtown Vancouver and began taking pictures of passersby .
He would continue doing that for 45 years .
It is said Foncie may have taken pictures of more people — millions — than anyone else in the world .
Google 's Android mobile operating system platform has outsold the iPhone in the first quarter of 2010 , according to NPD .
Those figures were helped by HTC's Incredible , as well as the platform 's availability on several different carriers .
Regardless , the figures speak for themselves .
And although Android is still far behind the iPhone in terms of overall market share , it might only be a matter of time before the search giant 's platform starts moving toward a dominant share of the mobile OS market .
Of course , Apple can't be happy to hear that .
The iPhone maker has been soaring in the mobile market for years .
As other devices have come and gone , it has been the iPhone that has enjoyed the staying power that the competition could only hope for .
But that is changing .
The market is starting to realize that Android really is a viable alternative to Apple 's smartphone .
Google is quickly realizing that if it can stay the course and keep appealing to vendors , carriers and consumers , it will be only a matter of time before its overall market share trumps Apple's .
Believe it or not , Android is well on its way to dominating the mobile market .
Here 's why :
1 . The momentum is shifting
Six months ago , the very idea that Android would be able to dominate the mobile market was ludicrous to most analysts .
Google 's platform was still trying to gain ground in a space where both Apple and RIM were strongly entrenched .
But with the help of vendors and carriers , Google has been able to make its mark .
And the momentum that was once decidedly in Apple 's favor has slowly shifted to Google .
Going forward , that momentum will only grow as more consumers realize that if they do n't want to be on AT&T 's network , going with an Android - based phone on another carrier 's service is n't such a bad idea .
2. Carriers believe in Android
When Google 's open - source platform first launched , it was met with some skepticism among carriers .
They did n't know if it was another in a long line of operating systems that would attempt to be an iPhone OS knockoff or if it really would be different .
During the first quarter of 2010 , they got their answer .
Android is here to stay .
And it 's quickly revealing itself as the most viable alternative to iPhone OS .
That means everything to carriers like Verizon Wireless and Sprint .
They know that they can't have the iPhone , so they will do everything they can to promote its next - best alternative .
That should only help Android 's market share .
3. Consumers are moving to Android
Thanks to those promotions and the effort Google and its partners have put into the software , consumers are finally starting to warm up to Android .
Arguably , the first big breakthrough Android - based phone was Motorola 's Droid .
But now that the Nexus One and Droid Incredible are on sale , consumers have many more options available to them , further bolstering Android sales .
That does n't necessarily mean that a single Android - based device will be able to beat the iPhone , but it does mean that the overall market is warming to Android .
The combined Android sales should easily outpace the iPhone 's going forward .
4 . It 's Google , remember ?
Google might not be developing the smartphones , but we can't forget that it's the brains behind the entire Android operation .
That means something to consumers .
If any company can compete with Apple in the mobile space and potentially give Steve Jobs a run for his money , it 's Google .
It has the same track record as Apple , enjoys a similar standing in the market and is generally beloved by the mainstream .
Google has the name recognition and the respect it needs to dominate the mobile market .
Half - Life : Uplink
Half - Life : Uplink is the Half - Life title that you have likely never heard of .
Half - Life : Uplink , released February 12 , 1999 , is one of two demos released by Valve for the original Half - Life video game .
The first was Half - Life : Day One and contained the first fifth of the full game , and was only included with certain video cards of the time .
Half - Life : Uplink , on the other hand , was a standalone demo set in the Half - Life universe , and contained levels and a storyline not found in the full title .
Sadly , for whatever reason , Valve seems to have forgotten about Half - Life : Uplink .
It is not mentioned anywhere on Valve 's web site and is the only Valve title not offered in the " Valve Complete Pack " on Steam .
One possible explanation is confusion with Uplink , an unrelated title by Introversion Software that was offered through Steam early in Steam 's existence , but this is unlikely .
Technical issues would not prevent it from being offered on Steam , as HL !
UL!SL , a third party project , integrates Half - Life : Uplink into Steam as a Half - Life mod .
While Half - Life : Uplink is a rather short demo , it is still a unique story , and is sad to fade into obscurity .
This site attempts to keep Half - Life : Uplink in public memory .
Download
Half - Life : Uplink was originally available for download from Valve / Sierra , and was also included as part of Half - Life : Further Data V.1 .
This standalone disc was available for free in retail outlets , and included Half - Life : Uplink , as well as extra maps and an update patch for Half - Life itself .
Today , if you want to try Half - Life : Uplink with the least amount of hassle , try HL !
UL!SL , which installs Half - Life : Uplink as a Half - Life mod in Steam .
Disclaimer : HL!UL!SL is packaged / maintained by the maintainer of this web site , so there 's probably some bias there .
The original Half - Life : Uplink installer is still available to download .
This installer does not require Steam or a Half - Life installation , but does tend to have compatibility difficulties with modern versions of Windows .
Story / Walkthrough
Before the game properly starts , captions appear on - screen stating that you are playing the character of Gordon Freeman .
Little other information on Gordon is alluded to , save for the fact that Gordon has a Ph.D .
The captions then go on to say that he is located within the Lambda Reactor Complex , Black Mesa Facility .
The time is stated as being 48 hours after the ' containment failure ' , and that his status is ' evaluation in progress ' -- likely a reference to his recruitment by the mysterious G - Man , but can also refer to the fact that , as a player being introduced to this demonstration , you are judging its capabilities , and deciding whether you should buy the full game .
The screen fades into a corridor and suddenly , jet fighters can be heard overhead .
Then , the sound of a bomb being dropped is proceeded by an explosion in the corridor , which causes some of the electronic appliances on the walls to explode , and some of the ceiling collapses .
The player then proceeds forward into a large room , and comes across a scientist , and the player is then quickly joined by a security guard .
The security guard asks the scientist , in an abrupt tone , if he can open the heavy metal doors which are located within the room ( these doors presumably lead to an exit out of the facility ) .
However , the scientist says that a message must be sent to the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( USNRC ) , to say that the coast is clear , and that can not be done because a radio antenna must be aligned , manually , before the message can be sent .
However , the area is " swamped with radiation " , thus making it impossible for either the scientist or the security guard to do the job .
However , Gordon Freeman , is wearing the Hazardous Environment Suit , and this will protect him from radiation .
The scientist then goes to activate the lift which is in the room , and informs the player that he will offer directions from over the intercom .
The player then enters the lift , and proceeds to a higher level .
When the player exits the lift , he comes across a corridor which has been blocked by crates and other wooden boxes on one end .
In a room , nevertheless , on the other end , a crowbar has been left on the table .
The player picks up the crowbar and can either use it to smash the crates apart so that he can proceed or can destroy the vending machine with the crowbar .
Behind the vending machine there is a vent leading to a room with a shotgun , a pistol and two headcrabs .
After that , the player reach a security booth and encounters some more headcrabs .
With the assistance of an armed security guard around the corner , the headcrabs are killed .
Opposite to the security guard there is a room where the player can pick up a Glock 17 pistol .
The player then travels down a corridor , where he encounters more headcrabs , and also comes across some tripmines , which have been placed to prevent him from entering through one of the doors into a warehouse .
Once the mines are destroyed , the player picks up an MP5 submachine gun and proceeds to fight three HECU soldiers in the warehouse , but the player can't kill one of the them before the soldier closes a barrier , which leads from the warehouse to the surface storage area outside .
However , by negotiating some of the overhanging crates , Freeman is able to jump over the barrier .
The player can see that it is nighttime , and Gordon Freeman must proceed through the storage area .
Freeman will come across a machine gun nest , which can then be used to eliminate several soldiers .
He then comes across a scene that will be repeated several times in Half - Life ; soldiers have been lining scientists along the wall and shooting them .
One , in fact , will try to escape when he sees Gordon .
Before proceeding through a door at the bottom of the dish tower , the player can see that soldiers have been burning the corpses of Vortigaunts , as well as radioactive sludge that has been leaking throughout in the dish tower .
After entering a lift and traveling up to the antenna room , the radio antenna needs to be turned manually with a valve .
The first scientist speaks on the intercom , telling the player to move it to the position marked ' USNRC ' .
When Gordon looks at the control panel with the valve , he sees a screen saying that the remote override has indeed been locked out .
When Gordon has the antenna in position , he pushes the button , and the transmission is sent .
The scientist tells him to get back , and that they 'll be waiting for him .
Shortly after , the ceiling explodes and soldiers rush into the room .
The player is required to get to the lift and make his way back .
However , when he reaches the bottom of the dish tower , he sees that the entrance he went through has been blocked by explosives , which can not be detonated safely .
The player then has to go through a vent in the floor , and navigate his way through the complex system underneath the tower .
Afterwards , Gordon finds himself back in the storage area , where he must again use the machine gun nest to destroy several Vortigaunts .
Doubling back on himself into the warehouse , he encounters a battle between soldiers and Vortigaunts .
The player is advised to run through , avoiding the crossfire , and to continue back towards the meeting point .
The player comes back , and can now proceed through the heavy metal doors .
The player does not have to escort the security guard and the scientist , but he will find that , if he does , they will not be able to proceed past some over - turned filing cabinets ( this can be avoided by killing the zombies behind them with a grenade ) .
As the player continues to proceed down the corridor , which presumably leads to the exit , clamorous roars are heard .
Continuing onward , the rumbling gradually becomes more violent , eventually causing the vent to collapse .
The player finds himself in a room with two scientists , an armed security guard , and a Gargantua , with the G - Man in a room above looking through a window .
The Gargantua , impossible to kill with the weapons that the player has , kills the scientists and the security guard , then turns on the helpless player .
As the creature approaches , the screen begins to fade .
( The Gargantua can be killed if the player has full ammo in the grenade arsenal , combining with the damage the Gargantua receives from destroying the computers , but killing him will stop the demo from ending ) .
" Uplink complete " appears on - screen , followed by the statement that " further data [ is ] required " .
An Internet page appears , allowing the player to order the full game .
The Tukkers opened the score before the break and the Stadionclub were unable to bounce back in the remainder of the game ...
Table toppers
Twente desperately needed the full three points against Feyenoord to keep their title dreams alive and goals from Blaise N'Kufo and Miroslav Stoch helped the Tukkers to a 2 - 0 win .
Twente started the match the better side of the two and got their first chance of the match after seven minutes of play .
Dwight Tiendalli set up Bryan Ruiz , but the Costa Rican attacker only hit the side - netting with his shot .
Again Ruiz came close to scoring the opener halfway the first half , but the tricky attacker 's strong header did n't really trouble the Feyenoord goalie .
The hosts kept on dominating and Douglas almost broke the deadlock around the half - hour mark .
Blaise N'Kufo sent in a cross from the left wing for the Brazilian defender , but the centre - back aimed too high and squandered the chance .
Ruiz found Kenneth Perez with a brilliant through pass only minutes later and the Danish forward should have opened the score .
Nevertheless , Perez ' shot went wide at the far post .
Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
Twente then did open the score only minutes before the interval .
Ruiz foundinside the area and the veteran striker beat Erwin Mulder with a powerful shot at the far post .
Feyenoord were unable to trouble the Twente defence and Perez almost doubled his side 's lead with a superb free kick , only to be denied by the Feyenoord glovesman .
The Rotterdam side got their first serious chance of the match at the hour mark .
The Tukkers allowed Luigi Bruins too much space on the break , but the gifted midfielder 's weak shot did n't trouble the Twente shot stopper .
An intelligent through pass from Perez reachedinside the Feyenoord area after 67 minutes of play and the Chelsea loanee did n't hesitate before doubling his side 's lead with a calm finish .
The guests almost pegged one back with ten more minutes to go .
Diego Biseswar found Leroy Fer in a dangerous position , but the young midfielder shot went over the crossbar .
Douglas then almost piled even more misery on the guests , but his powerful header bounced back off the bar before being cleared into safety .
The Doritos Late Night line of snacks has found massive success almost entirely by word of mouth .
And how could it not ?
I mean , in a market saturated with purely artificially flavored chips that taste kind of like the name on the bag suggests , it ’s nice to be able to snack on something that actually tastes like Tacos or Jalapeno Poppers .
I still remember my first bag of Tacos at Midnight .
It lasted about 3.2 minutes .
The first new flavor since the now legendary line of chips launched has finally arrived in the form of All Nighter Cheeseburger .
Trust me , if you love cheeseburgers , you will love these chips .
Review :
After excitedly tearing into my first bag of All Nighter Cheeseburger chips I was hit with an absolutely mouthwatering aroma .
My teenage years of working as a softball umpire quickly rushed back to me .
The trigger ?
The sweet smell of juicy , freshly grilled burgers , ketchup , and mustard .
I remember being miserable , out there under the hot sun trying to pay attention to each play , tortured by the tantalizing aroma of the concession ’s cheap beef patties .
There is nothing as awful as being restricted from a delicious ballpark burger because you ’re working .
This was my chance to make up for that .
To remedy the mental scars set upon my mind and stomach , caused by the tantalizing aromatic endorphin floating through the air , the source of which was just out of reach .
This is now more than snacking , this is redemption .
I grabbed that first little triangle , fingers trembling and mouth watering , and gently placed it on my tongue , praying I was able to avoid disappointment as I never could when I finally got my chubby hands around those shoddy , tasteless ballpark burgers .
Oh . My. God .
I did n’t know what to think .
I could n’t think .
My taste buds were blasted with more flavors than I could ’ve imagined being crammed into a single chip .
I could taste the sweet ketchup , the savory mustard , crisp onions and wonderful cheese sitting on top of a juicy , flavorful patty of meat .
I could almost feel the texture of a real burger in my mouth .
It was an outstanding first time that I sha n’t soon forget .
Then I ate another .
And another .
And another .
For half a bag I continuously stuffed these precious little corn chips into my mouth , and with each one the snack ’s faults became more and more apparent .
The flavor of the mustard slightly outweighs any other after a while , though not overpoweringly so .
There is also a bit more onion kick than some would prefer .
Also , do n’t expect to kiss anyone after eating these .
Your breath will stink .
Nothing a piece of gum ca n’t fix , however .
These issues are by no means any sort of deal breaker , and these chips are absolutely delicious .
Final Words
Doritos Late Night : All Nighter Cheeseburger chips are absolutely fantastic .
If you enjoy chips , try these .
If you enjoy burgers , try these .
If you enjoy living past the age of fifty , try these and be sure to eat them only in moderation .
In short , I highly recommend Doritos Late Night : All Nighter Cheeseburger flavored chips to anyone .
Except for vegetarians , due to the natural beef flavor listed in the ingredients .
Unless you want it to be our secret , I wo n’t tell anyone .
Pros
Mindblowingly delicious
Smell like cheeseburgers
Taste like cheeseburgers
Flavored with all the things that go on cheeseburgers
How can you not like cheeseburger Doritos ?
Cons
Terrible breath
Maybe a bit too much mustard or onion for some people
Not vegetarian friendly
Being a softball umpire
Score : 9.5/10 ( Outstanding )
http://www.everyview.com/2009/04/14/review-doritos-late-night-tacos-at-midnight/
When President Barack Obama took office in January 2009 , it was widely expected that he would dramatically change , or even reverse , the militarized and unilateral security policy that had been pursued by the George W. Bush administration toward Africa and other parts of the world .
After one year in office , however , it is clear that the Obama administration is following essentially the same policy that has guided U.S. military policy toward Africa for more than a decade .
Indeed , the Obama administration is seeking to expand U.S. military activities on the continent even further .
In its FY 2011 budget request for security assistance programs for Africa , the Obama administration is asking for $ 38 million for the Foreign Military Financing program to pay for U.S. arms sales to African countries .
The administration is also asking for $ 21 million for the International Military Education and Training Program to bring African military officers to the United States , and $ 24.4 million for Anti-Terrorism Assistance programs in Africa .
The Obama administration has also taken a number of other steps to expand U.S. military involvement in Africa .
In June 2009 , administration officials revealed that Obama had approved a program to supply at least 40 tons of weaponry and provide training to the forces of the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) of Somalia through several intermediaries , including Uganda , Burundi , Djibouti , Kenya , and France .
In September 2009 , Obama authorized a U.S. Special Forces operation in Somalia that killed Saleh Ali Nabhan , an alleged al - Qaeda operative who was accused of being involved in the bombing of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in August 1998 , as well as other al - Qaeda operations in east Africa .
In October 2009 , the Obama administration announced a major new security assistance package for Mali  valued at $ 4.5 - $ 5 million  that included 37 Land Cruiser pickup trucks , communication equipment , replacement parts , clothing , and other individual equipment and was intended to enhance Mali ’s ability to transport and communicate with internal security forces throughout the country and control its borders .
Although ostensibly intended to help Mali deal with potential threats from AQIM ( al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ) , it is more likely to be used against Tuareg insurgent forces .
In December 2009 , U.S. military officials confirmed that the Pentagon was considering the creation of a 1,000 - strong Marine rapid deployment force for the new U.S. Africa Command ( Africom ) based in Europe , which could be used to intervene in African hot spots .
In February 2010 , in his testimony before a hearing by the Africa Subcommittee of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Assistant Secretary of State for Africa Johnnie Carson declared , " We seek to enhance Nigeria ’s role as a U.S. partner on regional security , but we also seek to bolster its ability to combat violent extremism within its borders . "
Also in February 2010 , U.S. Special Forces troops began a $ 30 million , eight - month - long training program for a 1,000 - man infantry battalion of the army of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) at the U.S. - refurbished base in Kisangani .
Speaking before a Senate Armed Service Committee hearing in March 2010 about this training program , Gen. William Ward , the commander of Africom , stated " should it prove successful , there ’s potential that it could be expanded to other battalions as well . "
During the Senate Armed Services Committee hearing , Ward also discussed Africom ’s continuing participation in Ugandan military operations in the DRC against the Lord ’s Resistance Army .
Despite the failure of " Operation Lightning Thunder , " launched by Ugandan troops in December 2008 with help of Africom ( included planning assistance , equipment , and financial backing ) , Ward declared , " I think our support to those ongoing efforts is important support . "
And in March 2010 , U.S. officials revealed that the Obama administration was considering using surveillance drones to provide intelligence to TFG troops in Somalia for their planned offensive against al - Shabaab .
According to these officials , the Pentagon may also launch air strikes into Somalia and send U.S. Special Forces troops into the country , as it has done in the past .
This growing U.S. military involvement in Africa reflects the fact that counterinsurgency has once again become one of the main elements of U.S. security strategy .
This is clearly evident in the new Quadrennial Defense Review ( QDR ) released by the Pentagon in February .
According to the QDR , " U.S. forces will work with the military forces of partner nations to strengthen their capacity for internal security , and will coordinate those activities with those of other U.S. government agencies as they work to strengthen civilian capacities , thus denying terrorists and insurgents safe havens .
For reasons of political legitimacy as well as sheer economic necessity , there is no substitute for professional , motivated local security forces protecting populations threatened by insurgents and terrorists in their midst . "
As the QDR makes clear , this is intended to avoid the need for direct U.S. military intervention : " Efforts that use smaller numbers of U.S. forces and emphasize host - nation leadership are generally preferable to large - scale counterinsurgency campaigns .
By emphasizing host - nation leadership and employing modest numbers of U.S. forces , the United States can sometimes obviate the need for larger - scale counterinsurgency campaigns . "
Or , as a senior U.S. military officer assigned to Africom was quoted as saying in a recent article in the U.S. Air University ’s Strategic Studies Quarterly , " We do n’t want to see our guys going in and getting wacked .
We want Africans to go in . "
Thus , the QDR goes on to say , " U.S. forces are working in the Horn of Africa , the Sahel , Colombia , and elsewhere to provide training , equipment , and advice to their host - country counterparts on how to better seek out and dismantle terrorist and insurgent networks while providing security to populations that have been intimidated by violent elements in their midst . "
Furthermore , the United States will also continue to expand and improve the network of local military bases that are available to U.S. troops under base - access agreements .
The resurgence of Vietnam War-era counterinsurgency doctrine as a principal tenet of U.S. security policy , therefore , has led to a major escalation of U.S. military involvement in Africa by the Obama administration that seems likely to continue in the years ahead .
FY 2011 Budget Requests by Country
The $ 38 million for the Foreign Military Financing program to pay for U.S. arms sales to African countries includes : $ 9 million for Liberia , $ 9 million for Morocco , $ 4.9 million for Tunisia , $ 2.5 million for Djibouti , $ 2 million for Ethiopia , $ 1.5 million for the Democratic Republic of Congo , $ 1.4 million for Nigeria , and $ 1 million for Kenya .
The $ 21 million for the International Military Education and Training Program to bring African military officers to the United States for military training includes : $ 2.3 million for Tunisia , $ 1.9 million for Morocco , $ 1 million for Kenya , $ 1 million for Nigeria , $ 1 million for Senegal , $ 950,000 for Algeria , $ 825,000 for Ghana , $ 725,000 for Ethiopia , $ 600,000 for Uganda , $ 500,000 for the Democratic Republic of Congo , and $ 500,000 for Rwanda .
The $ 24.4 million for Anti-Terrorism Assistance programs in Africa includes : $ 8 million for Kenya , $ 1 million for South Africa , $ 800,000 for Morocco , and $ 400,000 for Algeria , and $ 14 million for African Regional Programs .
( Inter Press Service )
The day - long grilling Tuesday of top Goldman Sachs executives by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations proved long on drama , as senators from both parties chimed in with tough questions , sensitive to the widespread public outrage at Wall Street .
But beneath that stormy surface , a political subplot :
Many of those inquisitors have been major recipients of embattled Goldman Sachs ’ political largesse over the years .
The committee ’s 10 senators have together received more than a half - million dollars in total campaign contributions from a combination of Goldman Sachs ’ political action committee and its employees and their families , research by the Center for Responsive Politics indicates .
Top recipients include John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) and Tom Carper ( D - Del ) .
( Download a full list here : senatesubcommitteelist.xls )
And as the Securities and Exchange Commission continues to pursue a federal lawsuit alleging Goldman Sachs fraud , people and political action committees associated with the financial giant have this election cycle donated five - figure sums to a dozen members of Congress , the Center ’s research indicates .
Such political cash flow comes at a time when Democrats have been pushing and continue to push for passage of a financial regulatory reform bill aimed at strengthening Wall Street oversight .
Rep. Michael McMahon ( D - N.Y. ) was the top target of Goldman cash , bringing in more than $ 50,000 from the influential company .
Both senators from New York — Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) and Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - N.Y. ) — received more than $ 20,000 from people and PACs associated with Goldman Sachs .
Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and coordinator of financial reform bill efforts , has also received cash from those associated with Goldman Sachs even though he is not seeking reelection .
Members of the Senate Banking Committee collected more than $ 86,000 so far this election cycle — significantly more than Goldman Sachs ’ donations to any other Senate committee .
Members of the House Financial Services Committee have received just under $ 100,000 , more than any other committee in the House .
The primary recipients of donations from those associated with Goldman Sachs are Democrats .
Altogether , Democratic members of Congress have gathered $ 332,000 this election cycle — about 75 percent more than the amount donated to Republicans .
It is still relatively early in the 2010 election cycle , with a significant amount of candidates ’ fund - raising yet to occur .
Therefore , these Goldman Sachs - related figures are expected to increase .
In the 2008 election cycle , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were top recipients of Goldman - related cash .
Obama ( $ 994,795 ) and Clinton ( $ 389,750 ) collected six - figure sums along with five other candidates .
Among elected federal politicians still in office today , the all - time recipients of money from people and PACs related to Goldman Sachs are : Obama with $ 1.06 million ; Schumer , with $ 496,040 ; McCain ( R - Ariz . ) with $ 382,465 ; Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) with $ 356,750 and Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) at $ 204,700 .
For a complete listing of Goldman Sachs - related money to federal politicians , download a Center for Responsive Politics listing here : goldmansachslisting.xls
Center for Responsive Politics Senior Researcher Doug Weber contributed to this report
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Digby got this one right .
" The total intellectual incoherence is what 's unnerving . "
Tyranny For Dummies :
Next time someone in a tri-corner hat starts waving the constitution in your face , ask them about today 's Senate Homeland Security hearings , where the conservatives had a complete fit at Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's complaint that people on the terrorist watch list can buy any gun they like and there 's nothing anyone can do about it --- while at the same time they all thoughtfully pondered whether or not we should strip them of their citizenship .
I 'm not kidding .
Read on ...
These people are destroying our country and the media 's ready to help them right along as usual .
Setting out on the path forged by its predecessors , Super Street Fighter IV features many improvements over last year ’s model , but is it worth the upgrade ?
Anyone who has played the plethora of updates for the second and third installments in the series will know what to expect from Super Street Fighter IV .
Gameplay - wise , it ’s almost identical to the original title , featuring the tight controls and classic 2D plane fighting that made the series great .
The things that set it apart , however , are the things that make it worth both your time and money .
The first thing fans will appreciate is the inclusion of 10 extra fighters .
Complementing 8 returning characters from past entries in the franchise and the Final Fight series are two original characters ; the Taekwondo fighter , Juri , and the Turkish oil wrestler , Hakan .
It will also please many to hear that all 35 characters are unlocked and available for play right from the beginning , but multiple completions are required to unlock extra colors and taunts .
The game also sees the triumphant return of the car smashing and barrel breaking bonus stages and ‘ Rival Battles . ’
Also improved are the Ultra Combos in that each character now has two of them , though only one can be assigned to a character at any given time .
As with the originals , the Ultra Combos provide losing players a small window of opportunity when they ’re close to death , with execution being simple enough to allow newer players a chance to see the dazzling animated combos .
The online mode has also been tweaked for the better .
New modes include Team Battles with up to 8 players , a way to capture and save Replays of matches , and the ‘ Endless Battle ’ mode which makes matchmaking quick and painless with a lobby of players .
Capcom has also promised a Tournament Mode to be released as DLC on June 15th .
Graphically , Super Street Fighter IV remains much the same apart from the opening cutscene , which utilizes a pencil stroke effect rather than paint splatters .
Character cutscenes in arcade mode are , unfortunately , told with largely static images , and the voice acting is hit & miss , although the game includes the original Japanese voiceovers as an option .
Super Street Fighter IV is a substantial upgrade , and at the bargain price of 40 dollars , fighting fans should n’t hesitate to purchase .
Even those who bought the original Street Fighter IV should entertain the notion because the larger roster of characters and improved online modes make for a much more enjoyable experience .
For those who did n’t , there ’s never been a better time to get into the reboot of one of gaming ’s most prolific series .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Conservatives have won the most MPs in the UK general election but fallen short of a majority , leading to the first hung parliament since 1974 .
As counting continues the Tories have gained 92 seats , Labour have lost 86 and the Lib Dems six , despite hopes of a breakthrough for the third party .
The battle is now under way to see which leader can form a government .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg said the situation was " fluid " but the Tories had the first right to seek to govern .
Arriving back at Lib Dem headquarters in London , he said : " It is vital that all parties , all political leaders , act in the national interest and not out of narrow party political advantage . "
' National interest '
He said he " stuck by " his view that the party with the biggest mandate - in terms of votes and seats - should have the right to seek to govern first .
" It seems this morning , that it 's the Conservative Party that has more votes and more seats though not an absolute majority .
" I think it 's now for the Conservative Party to prove that it 's capable of seeking to govern in the national interest . "
Conservative leader David Cameron will make a statement at 1430 BST in which he will set out how he will seek to form a government that is " strong and stable " with broad support that acts in the national interest .
The Tories have won 291 seats so far but it is now not possible for them to reach the 326 seats needed to win an overall majority .
Mr Brown , whose party has 251 seats so far , has returned to Downing Street with aides and is expected to make an offer to Mr Clegg 's Lib Dems , who have so far won 51 seats , to try to form a coalition government .
He said earlier : " My duty in all of this is that there be a stable , strong and principled government and to play my part in making that possible .
Downing Street has authorised the civil service to support other parties in hung parliament negotiations - essentially giving the go - ahead for talks to begin .
The BBC projection suggests David Cameron 's Conservatives will have 306 seats .
If there are 10 Unionists elected in Northern Ireland then Mr Cameron might be able to command 316 - probably still slightly too few for him to be sure of winning a Queen 's Speech .
But Labour and the Lib Dems together would have 317 seats , according to the BBC figures , which even with three SDLP MPs would still leave them at 320 - again a few votes short of a majority
In other election night news :
Senior Labour figures have said that under the rules of Britain 's constitution , the sitting prime minister in a hung parliament makes the first attempt at forming a ruling coalition .
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said Mr Brown had returned to Number 10 , and was going to rest and " catch his breath " adding : " We have to be patient for some time more . "
ANALYSIS Iain Watson , BBC political correspondent
Downing
St sources say the basis for a deal with the Lib Dems exists , with electoral reform and the economic recovery at its core .
They intend to take their " first shout " at forming a government .
They have not spoken yet to Mr Clegg and are aware he might rule out any deal but believe the Lib Dems are " shell shocked " .
They will not speak to Mr Clegg until all the results are in , as their combined seats would have to add up to more than the Tory total to have any legitimacy .
Mr Brown is apparently napping to " keep energy levels up " .
They say it 's a testament to the campaign that they can seriously discuss forming a government .
Mr Brown has n't discussed his own future with advisers .
Send us your comments
" It 's not possible to make definite claims or reach final conclusions about the outcome of the election because there are results still to come in , " he said .
" You could say the electorate have voted for change but what they have n't done is voted decisively in favour of the Conservatives . "
Asked if it would be " inconceivable " to have a Labour minority or coalition government which did not have Gordon Brown as prime minister , Lord Mandelson said : " Frankly there are quite a number of permutations . "
But he added it was " premature " to " start getting into hypotheses " .
Shadow schools secretary Michael Gove said voters would not be " entirely happy " if Mr Brown " after a defeat like this , were to try to cling on and try to form some sort of coalition of the defeated , some sort of alliance of the dispossessed " .
He said : " David Cameron has secure a larger number of votes and a larger share of the votes than Tony Blair secured in 2005 when he became prime minister .
The logical next step is for David Cameron to form a Conservative - led government . "
Mr Clegg - whose party have not performed as well as expected after a poll surge for the Lib Dems after the first live TV debate - cautioned other leaders against " rushing into making claims or taking decisions " which did not stand the test of time .
He urged everyone involved to " take a little time " to ensure people got the government they deserved during these " difficult times " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But he admitted it had been a " disappointing night " for the Lib Dems .
The Conservatives are predicted to take 297 seats in England , with Labour on 194 and the Lib Dems on 41 .
The Tories have also made significant gains in Wales - where Labour also regained their former stronghold Blaenau Gwent - but the Lib Dems and Plaid Cymru failed to gain target seats .
But in Scotland the Tories failed to make a significant breakthrough , while the Labour vote held up , with the party re-taking two seats it lost in by - elections - Glasgow East and Dunfermline and West Fife .
The SNP and Lib Dems fell short of their targets .
Northern Ireland 's First Minister , DUP leader Peter Robinson lost his seat in the first shock result of the night .
The other main unionist leader - the UUP's Sir Reg Empey , was also defeated in South Antrim .
With 17 of 18 Westminster seats declared - the DUP have eight , Sinn Fein have four , the SDLP have three , the Alliance Party has one and one has gone to an independent .
All over the interwebs , people are equating NoSQL with scalability .
Yesterday , I wrote a blog post explaining that most NoSQL dbs are n't , in fact , scalable .
The general consensus in the comments seemed to be that my article was missing substantiation — that without explaining why the dbs were n't scalable , I was n't adding anything to the discussion .
So , what does ” scalable database “ mean ?
There are two kinds of scalability : vertical and horizontal .
Vertical scaling is just adding more capacity to a single machine .
Virtually every database product is vertically scalable to the extent that they can make good use of more CPU cores [ 1 ] , RAM , and disk space .
With a horizontally scalable system , it 's possible to add capacity by adding more machines .
By far , most database products are not horizontally scalable .
But , people have been scaling products like MySQL for years , so how'd they do it ?
Vertically is one way .
37signals has written about the mammoth ( 128 GB of RAM and 8 x 15,000 RPM SAS drives ) machines they run their dbs on — and that was over a year ago .
I bet they 've at least doubled the capacity in those machines by now .
It 's also common to see RDBMS - backed applications run one or more read - slaves .
With master - slave replication , it 's possible to scale reads horizontally .
But , there 's a trade - off there .
Since most ( all ? ) replication systems are asynchronous , reads from slaves may be somewhat stale .
It 's not uncommon for replication lag times to be measured in minutes or hours in the event of network partitioning ( for example ) .
So , read - sharding trades some consistency ( the ” C “ in ACID ) for aditional read capacity [ 2 ] .
When an application needs more write capacity than they can get out of a single machine , they 're forced to partition ( shard ) their data across multiple database servers .
This is how companies like facebook and twitter have scaled their MySQL installations to massive proportions .
This is the closest you can get to horizontal scalability with most database products .
Sharding is a client - side affair — that is , the database server does n't do it for you .
In this kind of environment , when you access data , the data access layer uses consistent hashing to determine which machine in the cluster a specific piece of data should be written to ( or read from ) .
Adding capacity to ( or alleviating “ hot spots ” from ) a sharded system is a process of manually rebalancing the data across the cluster .
So , while it 's possible to add capacity to a mysql - backed application by adding machines , mysql itself is not horizontally scalable .
On the other hand , products like cassandra , riak , and voldemort automatically partition your data .
It 's possible to add capacity to these systems by simply turning on a new machine and starting the service ( actually , I only know this for certain about cassandra , but I 'm reasonably certain it 's true for the others ) .
The database system itself takes care of rebalancing the data and ensuring that it is sufficiently replicated across the cluster .
This is what it means for a database to be horizontally scalable [ 3 ] .
Ok in this post I want to talk to you about the people you will work with if you choose to advertise through Facebook or Myspace or any other outlet such as these and help you understand why most people could care less about you .
That ’s right most of the people you deal with on a daily bases will not be interested in anything you have to say to them about your business no matter how good of an opportunity it may be .
First and foremost do not take offense to that statement .
People will not respond to you because they are mean or because they are looking for a fight as to the information you may be seeking to pass on to them .
It is simply because they are mostly focused on themselves and the lives they lead .
Nine times out of ten people will say and believe that the world revolves around them and that they are to busy to take the time out for anyone who seeks more than five minutes of their valued time .
The fact is a TV program will be more important to many of them than working to better their lives .
This may sound harsh .
However it is the truth .
Think about the variety of thoughts a normal 24 hour hard working person has everyday .
The biggest thoughts are self directed as to what they are doing and what they should have done .
They are consumed with day dreams as to goals they had hoped to achieve by their age and how disappointed that they are still doing the same things they said they would not be doing years ago when they started to dream .
Then they are considering all the problems that they have in their lives that in their minds have stopped those dreams from becoming a reality .
Next is their feelings as to the way they see themselves and the worry as to the way others see them .
They become obsessed with what their friends and family may be or may not be thinking of them as to how they have lived or are living .
Which brings us to relationships many people are dealing with more than one relationship at any given time constantly being bombarded with advice rather wanted or not as to what and where their directions in life should take them .
Out of love or simple association they will listen to those people faster than they will listen to a strangers voice on the other end of the phone .
Next they are placating as to what you have to tell them well trying to think of reasons why they can not speak with you at any given time .
When seeking to gain peoples trust in your home business you must consider all these things and never take anything personnel as to a persons reaction to what you have to say .
Because you never know what mood or thought pattern you will be finding them in on any given moment .
As a result , your phone call would only occupy a fraction of their time in most peoples minds , and only a couple valued minutes in a deeply bonded relationship .
Even if they have requested your information .
Your call may be looked at as a sales person trying to sell them something .
So at best when you start to talk you have about five second to explain who you are and what your call pertains too only then by putting the person at ease can you start to build trust .
Please check out our links to the right .
Mark & Tammy Cowell
He bought Bank of America when the shares were trading below $ 3 and Citigroup at just $ 1 .
The firm , which specialises in spotting value in distressed companies , also bought large tranches of debt in February and March .
He told The Wall Street Journal : " I felt like I was alone ... no one was even bidding . "
Last week , it was a different picture .
The board , called the Lebanese Moslem Association , was in crisis talks after revelations in the Herald that an al - Qaeda recruiter had delivered a sermon at the mosque via phone link .
Anwar al - Awlaki , described by American legislators as the principal terrorist threat to the US , had been procured to address the Monday night congregation run by the mosque 's popular youth cleric , Sheikh Shady Alsuleiman .
A week before the Herald story , Awlaki became the first US citizen added to the CIA target list as a military enemy approved for assassination .
'' Procedures have been put in place which will ensure that an incident of this nature will not take place , '' the mosque board wrote in a communique after the Thursday crisis meeting .
'' All lectures held by imams at the Mosque must now be reviewed by the Lebanese Moslem Association religious committee prior to consent being granted for their attendance , including content of sermons . ''
The revelations disturbed a power struggle at the heart of the mosque 's increasingly youthful congregation .
'' Sheikh Taj [ el - Din al - Hilaly ] survives around there because he knows how to deal with all the factions , '' says Ahmed Kilani , the co-founder of Australia 's largest Islamic website , MuslimVillage.com .
'' What you 're seeing is a new younger faction trying to find influence .
It 's a generational thing .
It 's political more than religious . ''
Young people are the constant talk of Lakemba Mosque .
They are the subjects of a ' ' target list ' ' that notes who needs to be brought back to the mosque , a list that includes the recently released murderer Wally Ahmad .
They are the focus of the most audacious expansion plan the mosque has considered since it was built in 1972 .
And they are the reason the popular Shady , who is only a guest imam , is given use of the cavernous brick and pebblecrete building twice each week .
But senior Muslims associated with the mosque have told the Herald that Shady has divided the congregation and its leadership .
'' At the start we were with him .
He was getting these young people off the streets .
But then we found these people were being radicalised .
His sermons are not just fire and brimstone , '' said one , who did not wish to be named said .
Dandan dismisses the schism but Hilaly , the most senior imam at the mosque , has condemned the young imam .
'' Shady and those who speak like him are like fast food who give no substance and no spiritual nutrition , '' he said through his translator , Keysar Trad .
Behind Safi's wide desk , there are blueprints for a massive expansion of the association 's facilities on Wangee Road - the key focus of which would be a school .
'' What we are proposing is a school system so we will intercept them at an early point in their development , '' Dandan says of young people tempted by vice .
The facility would cost $ 30 million and double the area of land the Lebanese Moslem Association owns in Lakemba .
This is Dandan 's vision and the reason for his plans - the need to diversify revenue streams beyond donations and funeral profits .
According to the board 's annual report , provided exclusively to the Herald , the organisation had more than $ 19 million in net assets in 2008 - $ 570,000 more than in the previous year , and almost $ 2 million more than the year before that .
But the net surplus was $ 576,000 - less than half what it was in 2007 .
'' We are an organisation based on donations , '' Dandan says .
'' What we 're taking this to is an organisation that generates revenue . ''
Trad , who was president of the mosque 's board in 2004 but is considering not renewing his membership this year , is a critical player .
In an institution where older men and imams traditionally held power , a reformist board whose members are mostly aged under 40 marks a radical shift .
Trad cites the Koran , reflected again in a sign at the mosque 's gate : '' Please note - no personal trading is allowed in the mosque . ''
He says the board has always survived on donations alone .
'' A mosque is not meant to be a profit - making facility .
It 's a place for the community , a place of worship .
And a place of worship should never be run as a business . ''
But business and youth are what the mosque needs .
Almost half the suburb 's population is aged under 30 .
The figures are similar for people using the mosque .
And it is young people , increasingly seeking sermons in English , who have increased Shady 's power base and left Arabic - speaking imams like Hilaly feeling undermined .
'' I really find it hard to believe that Sheikh Hilaly would say such comments about me , '' Shady said of the fast food criticism .
In an email , he denied any split or radical views .
'' We have been working together at the same mosque for the past nine years and he had never brought up this issue to me . ''
The association maintains that it did not know about Awlaki's extremism when he spoke in 2009 .
They now say the phone link malfunctioned after 10 minutes .
The board said he only radicalised after he was imprisoned without charge in Yemen .
Earlier , he had been linked to three of the September 11 hijackers .
This , the association says , was not clear .
'' He was bestselling .
I have got a bunch of his CDs that I listen to , '' Dandan said , noting he did not support his radical views .
'' This man is gifted .
I have not seen a man as gifted as a storyteller in my life …
At that stage he was a very loved individual and I can assume that was it . ''
Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) this week helped Democrats break a Republican - led filibuster of a short - term extension of unemployment benefits .
Brown risks rift with right
When an aide to Sen. Jim DeMint used her Twitter account to call out Sen. Scott Brown and other Republicans for breaking ranks on a jobs bill , an annoyed Brown confronted DeMint on the Senate floor after privately suggesting he may have been attempting to stir up trouble with the conservative base .
DeMint said it was n’t so , and the two men are downplaying the spat now .
But the divide between Brown and the Republican conservative base is at risk of growing — as it did this week when Brown joined moderate Republican Sens.
Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and George Voinovich of Ohio to help Democrats overcome a GOP filibuster on an extension of jobless benefits .
Advertisement
“ I assume there will be votes that he ’ll throw to the other team to show that he ’s the new guy from Massachusetts and not the new guy from Texas , ” said Grover Norquist , a leading conservative activist in Washington .
“ But I just do n’t think that spending money is the way to do that . ”
Brown , 50 , still maintains celebrity status on the right , and he ’s one of the few freshmen to carry a national profile ; on Sunday , he ’s scheduled to be a guest on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation , ” a rare Sunday morning appearance for a newly elected senator .
And for now , most Republicans in the Senate and conservative activists off the Hill have given him a pass , saying he represents a different constituency than most of the other 40 Republicans and needs to position himself in the political middle in order to stand a chance at winning reelection in 2012 .
At the same time , Brown — who vowed to block the Democratic health care bill during his campaign — has opposed some pillars of the Obama agenda , including announcing this week that he would vote against the Democrats ’ bill to rewrite the rules on Wall Street .
Democrats say the newly elected senator is misreading his liberal constituency .
“ Look , if Scott Brown thinks skipping a tea party event in Massachusetts while voting in lock step with the Republican Party in Washington is going to help him with voters back home — he ’s got another thing coming , ” said Brad Woodhouse , spokesman for the Democratic National Committee , referring to Brown ’s decision not to attend Wednesday ’s tea party rally with Sarah Palin in Boston .
Asked whether he ’s attempting to position himself as a moderate , Brown replied tersely , “ I ’ll let my votes speak for themselves . ”
Earlier this week , Brown joined Collins , Snowe and Voinovich to give Democrats the 60 votes they needed to break a Republican - led filibuster of a short - term extension of unemployment benefits — despite Republican objections that the measure ’s $ 9.2 billion cost should not be added to the deficit .
Last month , he voted to approve another short - term , $ 10 billion , unpaid - for extension of unemployment benefits , saying families in his state were hurting and needed the relief .
And he voted with Democrats and against a majority of his Republican colleagues on an amendment by Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) to ban earmarks in years the country carries a federal budget deficit .
“ I ’ve voted across party lines to move things along to try to get the wheels moving , ” Brown said Wednesday .
“ It ’s clear that Washington is broken — I ’ve said that during the campaign ; I ’ve said it here .
If my efforts can get things moving , then that ’s great .
That ’s what the people want in my state and in the country . ”
One of his first votes back in February was to approve a $ 15 billion jobs - creation package , which he said “ contains measures that will help put people back to work ” but which some of his fellow Republicans said would be ineffective and was filled with budget gimmicks aimed at making its cost appear marginal .
And last month , he joined 10 other Republicans to vote for a $ 17 billion version of that bill , which would temporarily give employers payroll tax breaks for hiring unemployed workers and pump cash into highway and transit programs but add $ 13 billion to the mounting federal debt .
And that position prompted DeMint ’s aide to call out Brown and the other defectors , catching Brown off - guard .
DeMint told POLITICO that his staff simply responds to inquiries from voters wanting to know how Republican senators vote on any given issue .
“ We ’re always going out and saying this is how the GOP voted , ” DeMint said .
“ It ’s crazy for any of us to think any of our votes are private .
Scott ’s fine with that .
...
So we ’re not trying to bash anybody ; it ’s just that folks have a right to know how they ’re voting . ”
DeMint , who has made it his mission to recruit and elect red-blooded conservatives in the Senate , said his relationship with Brown is fine — but would not say whether he was disappointed with some of Brown ’s early votes on spending .
“ He ’s going to have to find his own footing , ” DeMint said .
Asked about the episode with DeMint , Brown called it “ old news ” and “ not a big deal at all , ” and his spokeswoman said the two men are “ friends ” and “ have a positive working relationship in the Senate . ”
A senior GOP aide criticized DeMint for regularly putting his Republican colleagues — and not Democrats — in uncomfortable positions , but another GOP Senate aide said of Brown : “ If the senator is embarrassed by his voting record for deficit spending , he should vote differently . ”
Asked about criticism from the right , Brown said he has been “ fighting deficit spending ” and that he wants to advance some measures that do so in the face of obstruction in the Senate but that he reserves the right to vote against them if they change in any way .
Indeed , Brown voted Wednesday with the GOP to sustain a budget point of order to block the short - term extension of unemployment benefits , a move that Sen.
Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) said was part of a “ balanced ” approach employed by Brown .
The bill is still slated for passage .
“ None of the things I ’ve voted for have increased the deficit , ” Brown said .
“ And I moved a lot of these things along so they could ultimately be heard . ”
So far , Brown has voted with his party 85 percent of the time through his first 88 votes , according to a Washington Post database , an early sign that Brown ’s vote is n’t always a sure thing for the GOP .
“ We ’ve been able to approach Scott Brown on some important issues , and he ’s had an open door and open mind , and that helps , ” said Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill. ) , whose job is to count votes on legislation .
“ There are n’t that many . ”
Durbin ’s counterpart , Republican Whip Jon Kyl of Arizona , said Brown came to Washington with the makings of being a “ very independent ” senator .
“ I think Scott Brown is going to be just fine representing his constituency in concert with the majority of his Republican colleagues , ” Kyl said .
So far , he ’s standing with Republicans on their attempts to scuttle the Democrats ’ financial regulatory reform bill , though he said he was “ not sure yet ” whether it would finance endless Wall Street bailouts — as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) and other top Republicans are contending .
“ I ’m always interested in trying to work something through so it is truly bipartisan , ” Brown said .
“ But if it ’s the present bill , I ca n’t support it . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
From the Washington Post :
Pepsico has developed a new shape for sodium chloride crystals that the company hopes will allow it to reduce salt by 25 percent in its Lay ’s Classic potato chips .
A new shape for salt ?
How about that .
I suppose the crystals somehow have more surface area or something like that .
More importantly , though , this comes from an article describing a new FDA initiative to reduce the amount of salt in food :
The government intends to work with the food industry and health experts to reduce sodium gradually over a period of years to adjust the American palate to a less salty diet , according to FDA sources , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the initiative has not been formally announced .
…. ” This is a 10 - year program , ” said one source .
“ This is not rolling off a log .
We ’re talking about a comprehensive phase down of a widely used ingredient .
We ’re talking about embedded tastes in a whole generation of people . ”
I am so in favor of this .
It ’s sort of like the Do Not Call list : I do n’t really care about ideology here , and I do n’t really care if this is nanny statism or government overreach or anything else .
I ’m just totally in favor .
And you know what ?
By the time this is done , my guess is that nobody will even remember a difference .
They ’ll just be eating healthier food that tastes better and does n’t cause as many strokes or heart attacks .
Three cheers for the FDA .
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
An artist 's impression of the rarely seen and now extinct Alaotra grebe
The Alaotra grebe is extinct , according to the latest assessment of the world 's rarest birds .
The last known sighting of the bird was in 1985 and experts have now confirmed its demise , killed off by a combination of poaching and predatory fish .
The Malagasy species , which lived in Lake Alaotra , is the first confirmed bird extinction since 2008 .
However , fortunes have improved for rare birds such as the Azores bullfinch and Colombian yellow - eared parrot .
No escape
The Alaotra grebe ( Tachybaptus rufolavatus ) was a medium - sized bird with small wings that inhabited Lake Alaotra and surrounding areas in Madagascar .
Due to its tiny wings , the bird was thought incapable of flying long distances , living a mainly sedentary lifestyle on the lake and in surrounding ponds and highland lakes .
The only known photo of an Alaotra grebe
Twelve Alaotran grebes were sighted at Lake Alaotra in December 1982 , and two near Andreba on Lake Alaotra in September 1985 .
Some birds with characteristics of the grebe were seen in 1985 , 1986 and 1988 , but these are thought to be hybrids with another grebe species .
Surveys in 1999 and a visit by experts in 2000 found no individuals , or any grebes belong to the same genus Tachybaptus .
No direct observations of the species have been made since and hopes that the bird might survive were dashed after a recent expedition to nearby Lake Amparihinandriamabavy failed to find any grebes .
Officials have now declared the bird extinct in the latest update to the IUCN Red List of endangered and threatened birds .
The Red List , regarded as the most authoritative assessment of the state of the planet 's species , draws on the work of scientists around the globe .
" No hope now remains for this species .
It is another example of how human actions can have unforeseen consequences , " says Dr Leon Bennun of Birdlife International , which evaluates the status of rare birds for the IUCN Red List .
The grebe is thought to have been driven to extinction by a combination of factors .
The bird , usually found in pairs , fed almost exclusively on fish in Lake Alaotra , a large brackish lake which had shores once covered in dense papyrus and reeds .
But in recent years , fishermen have covered much of the lake with monofilament nylon gill - nets which can kill diving waterbirds .
These nets were introduced after the grebe had already significantly declined , though they may have killed remaining birds .
Carnivorous fish ( Micropterus and Ophiocephalus ) introduced into the lake are also thought to have significantly contributed to the grebe 's extinction , while the introduction of other invasive mammals , fish and plants likely depleted the grebe 's food sources .
Azores bullfinches are faring better
Poaching also reduced its numbers .
Knowing exactly when a species has gone extinct is extremely difficult , as records of sightings can be patchy or unsubstantiated .
Also , comprehensive surveys must be completed to ensure a species does not survive in previously unexplored habitats .
For those reasons , species are often declared extinct many years after they have last been seen .
The last bird species to be confirmed extinct is the Liverpool pigeon ( Caloenas maculata ) , declared extinct in 2008 .
However , this Pacific species is known from just two specimens , one of which has been lost .
It likely went extinct before Europeans colonised the Pacific .
In 2005 , the Thick - billed Ground - dove ( Gallicolumba salamonis ) was declared extinct , it too known from two specimens , the last caught in 1927 .
Other birds declared extinct in the 21st Century include the Hawkins 's Rail ( Diaphorapteryx hawkinsi ) , Reunion Shelduck ( Alopochen kervazoi ) and Kamao ( Myadestes myadestinus ) among others .
Modern species thought to be extinct , but not yet confirmed , include the Po'ouli ( Melamprosops phaeosoma ) .
The last known survivor of this honeycreeper species died in captivity in 2004 , despite huge efforts to rescue it .
Surveys have yet to be done to confirm it no longer survives on the remote highland slopes of Hawaii .
Another species suffering from the impacts of invasive species is the Zapata Rail ( Cyanolimnas cerverai ) from Cuba .
Yellow - eared parrots have been downgraded
It has been updated to " Critically Endangered " on the latest Red List , under threat from introduced mongooses and exotic catfish .
Only one nest has ever been found of this species .
However the new Red List does highlight some conservation success stories .
The Azores bullfinch ( Pyrrhula murina ) has been downlisted from " Critically Endangered " to " Endangered " after efforts to restore its habitat .
In Colombia , the Yellow - eared parrot ( Ognorrhynchus icterotis ) has also benefited from protection of its nest sites and education programmes , leading to its status being downgraded to " Endangered " .
Around 190 bird species out of more than 10,000 known are thought to have gone extinct since modern records began .
Mendy Heaps , a stellar English teacher for years , had never given much thought to the food her seventh - graders were eating .
Then her husband , after years of eating junk food , was diagnosed with cancer , diabetes , and high blood pressure and suddenly the french fries , pizza , and ice cream being served in the cafeteria at rural Elizabeth Middle School outside Denver , Col. , took on a whole new meaning .
Heaps was roused to action .
She started teaching nutrition in her language - arts classes .
She bombarded colleagues , administrators , and the local school board with emails and news clippings urging them to overhaul the school menu .
She even took up selling fresh fruits and healthy snacks to the students on her own , wheeling alternative foods from classroom to classroom on a makeshift “ fruit cart , ” doling out apples for a quarter a pop .
Finally , the school ’s principal , Robert McMullen , could abide Heaps ’ food crusade no longer .
Under threat of being fired , Heaps says she was forced to sign a personnel memorandum agreeing to cease and desist .
She was ordered to undergo a kind of cafeteria re-education program , wherein she was told to meet with the school ’s food services director , spend part of each day on lunch duty recording what foods the students ate , and compile data showing the potential economic impact of removing from the menu the “ grab and go ” foods Heaps found so objectionable .
“ It was humiliating to stand in the cafeteria in front of the kids and the other teachers every day ‘ collecting data , ' ” Heaps says .
“ I called it my penance . ”
Heaps ’ husband , Robert Heaps , a retired police officer , said his wife is paying the price for rocking the boat in a small town .
“ Unfortunately , she works in a semi-rural district in a tight - knit community where change is n’t always at the top of the list of things to do , ” he said .
“ My only concern for Mendy is that it seems she is fighting a losing battle .
I do n’t care to see rifts created between her and the school board or the administration over an issue as important as this .
I suspect she could become a target and subjected to hostile work conditions .
But she appears to be up against a brick wall . ”
McMullen , the school ’s principal , did not respond to multiple requests for comment .
The case of Mendy Heaps is a stark reminder that at least one voice is largely missing from the debate over school food that ’s getting so much attention lately : the voice of teachers .
Teachers see what kids eat every day .
They have opinions about the the food and how it impacts children ’s health and school performance .
Yet they are almost universally silent .
With one notable exception :
An Illinois teacher recently created an internet sensation by blogging anonymously and publishing photos about her self - imposed diet of cafeteria food .
Calling herself “ Mrs. Q , ” she frequently writes about her fear that she could be fired for exposing what kids are eating every day at school .
As I was gathering information for this report , Heaps said her local teachers union urged her to stop talking to me .
“ The union rep in my building came to my classroom and ‘ begged ’ me to stop everything I was doing , ” Heaps wrote in an email .
“ She insisted they will find a way to ‘ get rid of me ’ and there is nothing the union will do to help me .
HOW ’S THAT FOR SUPPORT !!! ”
Heaps says it is n’t so much the food served in the federally subsidized cafeteria line that concerns her most , although that ’s bad enough : “ Mashed potatoes and corn are usually served more than anything else , along with breaded chicken nuggets , chicken patties , and chicken tenders , ” she said .
“ Hamburger patties are also served a lot — drenched in canned gravy with mashed potatoes sitting on top of a slice of bread or on a bun with a serving of corn or green beans . ”
Students who choose the subsidized meal are also entitled to a salad bar .
But only a small percentage of students at the school qualify for free or reduced - price meals based on family income and apparently fewer still choose to pay for the federally supported food .
According to Heaps , some say they are embarrassed to be seen in the subsidized food line .
No , what really makes her blood boil are the alternate foods sold in what the school calls the “ deli ” line or “ grab and go ” : Pizza , corn dogs , Subway sandwiches , Chick - fil - A , Cheetos , nachos , fruit rollups , ice cream sandwiches , and especially the “ healthy ” fries .
“ They call them ‘ healthy ’ because they ’re baked ! ” Heaps says .
According to numbers she compiled while assigned to the cafeteria , somewhat fewer than half the 170 students in seventh grade bring lunch from home .
Only a very small number — 15 to 24 — eat the reimbursable “ hot lunch , ” she said .
Between 25 and 30 do not eat , and the rest — 58 to 78 — purchase food at the “ grab and go . ”
It reminded Heaps too much of her husband ’s lousy diet .
“ When I met him about nine years ago , the only liquids that passed his lips were Pepsi and coffee and sometimes orange juice .
He never ate fruit or vegetables or dank water .
The folks at McDonald ’s and Krispy Kreme knew him by his first name , ” Heaps said .
“ If he did cook for himself , it was processed food — [ frozen ] pizza , pot pies , hot pockets , hot dogs , canned soups and chili , lots of chips and Hostess cupcakes …
Bob had no knowledge of nutrition — tomato sauce and french fries were vegetables , Wonder bread was vitamin fortified , and apple pie was the same thing as eating an apple . ”
Robert Heaps was diagnosed with kidney stones and while he was being treated for that he was found to have bladder cancer .
He underwent surgery three times to remove tumors , each time followed by weeks of chemo - therapy .
Subsequently he was found to be suffering Type II diabetes and high blood pressure .
Mendy Heaps ’ concern about the food being served at school became urgent .
“ I started feeling guilty that I had never really done anything to change what was going on , even though I knew it was wrong . ”
Heaps said she could not understand why the school condoned students eating so much “ junk ” food .
“ Why do we serve or sell ANYTHING that is n’t good for the kids ? ” she said .
“ I hate the food they serve , but I hate even worse that they sell so much JUNK along with the bad food they serve . ”
According to Heaps , food services director Susan Stevens and other school officials respond that students are entitled to “ treats , ” and should be free to choose their own food .
“ They feel like my ideas are too radical and you should not ‘ restrict ’ kids , ” Heaps said .
Stevens did not respond to requests for comment .
In an e-mail she sent to Heaps on April 28 , 2009 , she said , “ My job is to provide each student with a healthy meal that adheres exactly to CDE [ Colorado Department of Education ] mandated nutrition guidelines .
Our kitchens and staff are regularly audited to prove that we follow these guidelines and that we are all in compliance with state safety and health regulations . ”
Ron Patera , who oversees food services as the school system ’s finance director , said in a statement , “ Ms. Heaps and I are both in support of providing nutritious and safe meals to Elizabeth ’s students so they have every opportunity to enhance their academic performance .
Elizabeth ’s schools meet and exceed the Federal and State laws governing the National School Lunch Program . ”
Federal nutrition guidelines currently do not cover foods sold outside the subsidized food line .
Legislation making its way through the U.S. Senate would , for the first time , give the secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture authority to regulate all foods available in public schools .
That measure reflects growing sentiment that schools need to address a nationwide epidemic of childhood obesity and stop selling nutritionally inferior food to students .
Heaps said one of her students was unable to use a standard - size desk in class because she was so heavy and had to be outfitted with a special table instead .
That student habitually ate choco - tacos for lunch from the “ grab and go ” — two or three of them , according to Heaps — “ and washed them down with a big Gatorade . ”
Klondike brand choco - taco is an ice cream dessert folded inside a cookie and dipped in chocolate .
A single choco - taco contains 290 calories ( 40 calories more than a McDonald ’s cheeseburger ) , 11 grams of saturated fat ( four grams more than a BallPark beef hotdog ) and 24 grams of sugar , ( slightly less than a one - cup serving of Coca - Cola ) .
“ Of course the kids loved them and I ’m sure the cafeteria made a boat load of money selling them , ” Heaps said .
“ They were meant for dessert , but what middle school kids do — when they have money and there is a ‘ concession stand ’ open at lunch — is they buy only ‘ dessert ’ and eat it for lunch .
Duh — they ’re kids . ”
Heaps said the school no longer offers choco - tacos .
Heaps said she was told that sales from foods such as nachos and ice cream were needed to support the lunch program .
But student behavior after meals was so disruptive , classes following lunch were rotated so that no single teacher would be forced to bear the brunt of it every day .
“ They were hyper and crazy … and then they crashed , ” Heaps said .
At one point , Heaps began teaching nutrition with seventh - grade science teachers but found she could not reconcile what they were telling the children in class with what the children were being served in the cafeteria .
In an e-mail she sent to the entire school staff , Heaps wrote : “ When I started teaching nutrition a la language arts / science , I realized everything I was teaching did not go along with what is happening at our school when it comes to eating healthy .
Do I simply tell the kids we need the money more than they need their future health ?
Or should I tell them that maybe only ‘ some ’ of them will get diabetes or cancer or have heart attacks — so go ahead and play the odds ! ”
Finally , Heaps took matters into her own hands and started selling what she considered healthier foods from her “ fruit cart . ”
“ I used the cart that my overhead projector sat on , ” Heaps explained .
“ Once I started selling fruit in my classroom and the kids knew , they kept coming to my room to buy it … I decided to take the fruit to them .
I got some kids to help .
We piled the fruit on the cart ( we also had cheese sticks , granola bars , peanuts ) and the kids pushed it around from room to room . ”
Heaps said the parents of one of her students were local produce distributors and started delivering fresh fruit to her on Wednesdays .
“ My sister gave me a small refrigerator for my classroom so I could keep things cold .
The fruit they delivered was awesome .
They let me buy it at a discount so I was getting strawberries , blueberries , pears , all different kinds of apples .
It was great . ”
But Heaps made a mistake one day , taking the cart into the cafeteria during lunch .
Federal rules forbid competing food being sold alongside the subsidized meal .
“ I had taken the Fruit Cart in the cafeteria because the kids wanted to have some fruit for lunch and the cafeteria either was n’t selling any , or the fruit I had was so much better , the kids wanted it instead . ”
Then she sent an e-mail to the school staff — except the principal and assistant principal — in which she referred to the kitchen workers as “ evil lunch ladies . ”
Heaps said she meant it as a joke , but the gaffe was her undoing .
In a personnel memo dated May 1 , 2009 , principal Robert Mcmullen wrote , in part , “ Your continued campaign has caused disruption to the normal operations of the district Food Service Director , district Finance Director , myself , your colleagues and the school …
Therefore , I am issuing the following directive :
“ You will support and treat all school and district personnel and departments with respect .
“ You will include Mr. Westfall [ assistant principal ] and myself on all mass emails from or to school accounts .
“ You will cease the fruit cart sales after the end of the school year .
“ You will spend at least 15 minutes each day on lunch duty for the remainder of the 2009 school year .
This will give you an opportunity to observe what our students are truly eating at lunch .
“ You will bring me hard numbers regarding the percentages of EMS [ Elizabeth Middle School ] students who do eat hot lunches each day .
These numbers will include both the full lunch as well as the pizza , Chick - Fil - A , Subway , etc. served in the hot line .
“ You will meet with Susan Stevens , before the end of this school year , to better understand the realities of the economics of Elizabeth Food Services .
Let me know when that meeting will take place and report to me your findings .
“ You will bring to me the data showing the economic costs of eliminating the ‘ Grab and Go ’ line as you have proposed .
“ You were hired to teach Language Arts .
You will ensure that all your units , lessons and materials focus on the Language Arts standards and benchmarks . ”
Heaps says she no longer teaches nutrition in her classes .
But she does talk to her students about her husband and “ how much our life changed when he got sick . ”
“ When I got the memo , everyone became afraid , ” said Heaps .
“ If I tried to talk about the memo , no one wanted to listen .
I got a little support from a couple of teachers , but not very much .
Everyone wanted to forget about it and they wanted me to forget about it too …
The only thing I still do is write letters and try to get someone interested !
I ’m working on one for Michelle Obama right now . ”
" Mos Eisley spaceport , " sighs Ben Kenobi in Star Wars .
" You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy ... " Evidently Obi Wan never visited
Sky 's post - debate spin room , which – pound - of - flesh for pound - of - flesh – must have been one of the most distasteful places to be in this galaxy or any other tonight .
The venue was an interactive science museum in Bristol , magically transformed by Rupert Murdoch 's news network into a fully operational 10th circle of hell .
Behold , the cream of Britain 's arseoisie , as journalists , spin doctors and politicians interact in scenes that just scream " Come , friendly bombs … "
To the left , George Osborne robotically repeating " David Cameron showed passion , leadership and commitment . "
To the right , Michael Gove simulating anguish that Nick Clegg should have referred to the dead Polish president 's party as nutters : " The sort of comment that no one who wants to be taken seriously should utter . "
In the middle , Alastair Campbell failing to pull off sang froid : " It 's a poll , it 's a poll – you can take them or leave them . "
And unifying the picture , Sky 's endlessly pant - wetting coverage of its own coverage .
It was like watching the live abortion of democracy .
Had the network decided the evening should have been immortalised in oil paint ( surely only a matter of time ) , Hieronymus Bosch would have declined the commission on the basis that it was a hellscape too far even for him .
Still , the premise is simple .
Even before the party leaders have finished debating , legions of spinners and spinners ' lackeys materialise to explain exactly why everything you thought you saw and heard was wrong .
Think of it as the organ grinders taking over .
They certainly act as though they regard it as such .
Having vapourised seconds before the debate , the spindroids were suddenly all back in the room , presumably having just slid through a haunted TV screen to begin immediately the task of dispensing weapons grade wisdom .
" The only poll that really counts is the one where people put their cross on a ballot paper , " explained Harriet Harman .
" It 's not a question of people voting right now . "
In America , they call these media pens Spin Alley , so those searching for a suitably small - time UK equivalent should alight on something like Fibbers ' Close , or Bollocks Avenue .
Then again , in the US , these bunfights are more evolved .
After the third presidential debate in 2004 , a TV puppet called Triumph the Insult Comic Dog infiltrated Spin Alley , where he cheeked representatives of both parties .
Of Democratic spinner Joe Lockhart he inquired : " Can you spin a woman to thinking you do n't look gross in the shower ? "
Karl Rove was greeted with : " Ah , you 're ' Bush 's brain ' .
I was expecting a smaller man . "
Alas , the UK media is way too starry eyed about its new toy to dream of undermining it in this righteous manner .
To isolate the biggest whopper told in the room in the wake of the debate would be a task for a more sophisticated listening system than the human ear , but an audit even of those overheard in a mere six foot radius would have to include Douglas Alexander 's " Gordon dominated the debate tonight .
He left Nick and David Cameron trailing in his wake . "
In fairness , everyone was giving their best Iraqi information minister .
" The infidels are nowhere near the airport !
No one could ever want to slap David Cameron round the face with a wet fish ! "
Perhaps the most excruciating aspect of the postmortem , though , is the misplaced sense of worth it confers upon those who imagine themselves its linchpins .
At the exclusive launch party of Tina Brown 's now defunct Talk magazine , held on Liberty Island , Demi Moore pointed across the water at Manhattan and said sympathetically : " We must look amazing to the people over there . "
A similar type of self - regard is abroad in the spin room , with people appearing to feel personally validated to be there , and firmly under the illusion that the public would kill to get a look in .
In fact , the public would kill if they got a look in , which is something altogether different .
Yet every spinner with a God complex gives the impression of being a hotshot at the centre of the universe , as opposed to a bloke in a bad suit at a Bristol kids ' museum , trying to pretend that David Cameron came across like JFK .
You might care to know that the Tories stayed spinning the longest , then again you might find the behaviour of dried peas a matter of greater interest .
But the entire affair is , quite simply , a two bath event , which is to say that when one finally escapes it , a single immersion in scalding water does n't begin to get the psychological dirt off .
There are no limits to people 's imagination , craziness and creativity as reflected in these bizarre constructions .
See this original list of the world 's strangest houses , some of which , we 're pretty sure , you 've never seen anywhere before .
1. Gingerbread House .
Orlando .
Florida .
The USA .
2. Fairy chimney houses .
Cappadocia .
Turkey .
Fairy chimney houses , carved out of rocks in the Roman period , can be found in Göreme , a town in Cappadocia and an important monastic center between 300 - 1200 AD .
The site comprises many rock - hewn churches and chapels , as well as some remnants of the underground cities .
3. Stone House .
Portugal .
The stone house in the Fafe mountains in northern Portugal was built in 1974 .
It was constructed between four large boulders found on the site .
4. Cube Houses .
The Netherlands .
The cube houses are located in Rotterdam and Helmond , the Netherlands .
The complex was designed by Piet Blom in 1984 .
5. Another Stone House .
France .
6. Red House .
New Jersey .
The USA .
7. The Mother Goose House .
Kentucky .
The USA .
The house was constructed in 1940 in Hazard .
Its windows are egg - shaped and the eyes are automobile headlights .
8. Inversion .
Houston .
The USA .
A vortex installation known as Inversion was designed by Dan Havel and Dean Ruck at Art League Houston .
It was made of two small houses scheduled for demolition .
9 . The WM House .
Copenhagen , Denmark .
10 . Icing House .
Fuerteventura .
Spain .
11 . Fat House .
Designed by an Austrian artist Erwin Wurm , the Fat House is , actually , a life - sized building .
It is part of the Fat series started by the artist in 2003 .
12 . Upside down House .
Poland .
Designed by Daniela Czapiewski , the upside down house is located in the Education Centre in the village of Szymbark , Poland .
It is supposed to be an artistic statement about the communist era in Poland and its impact on the Polish society .
13 . Steel House .
Texas .
The USA .
Designed by Robert Bruno , the steel house stands at the top of the Ransom Canyon , Texas , and is , actually , the artist 's home .
The construction of the house began in 1973 and since then the project has many times been revised .
After BMW acquired the Rolls - Royce name — and little else — some seven years ago , it developed the Ghost ’s two predecessors essentially from scratch .
Those cars , the Phantom and the Drophead Coupé , have proved quite successful .
Perhaps BMW ’s surprisingly uncanny sense of what constitutes British - ness can be traced to having done most of the development work on the third - generation Range Rover ( 2002 - present ) and its clever , campy revival of the Mini Cooper .
With the Ghost , the challenge was no less tricky , and the importance of getting it right was never more essential .
The brand would have a difficult time remaining profitable if it relied only on its loyal but tiny cadre of customers .
What the company needed was a car with broader appeal , greater versatility and a less daunting price .
Yes , Rolls - Royce needed a daily driver .
“ The Ghost is meant to offer our customers a vehicle that can be used in a wider range of driving situations , ” Paul Ferraiolo , the company ’s president for North America , said recently .
Many Rolls - Royce owners are not , in fact , drivers .
Mr. Ferraiolo said he was surprised , at a recent driving clinic for prospective buyers , to hear from one enthusiastic Phantom owner that “ 17 miles was the farthest the man had driven himself in the last seven years . ”
Clearly , this is a demographic few automakers would pursue .
The Ghost ’s base sticker price of $ 245,000 may be a bit more palatable to today ’s diet - conscious luxury tastes than the Phantom ’s sobering $ 380,000 price tag — or the Drophead Coupé at ( gulp ! ) $ 433,000 .
Options alone for those larger models can easily add the equivalent of an Audi A8 to the final tab .
SEE MORE :
SEE MORE : religion
Share This Story
More from The Onion
From where Abel Zalcberg sits in his office at OFM headquarters in Holly Springs , North Carolina , he ca n’t see the 250 - kilowatt solar photovoltaic system on the roof , but its ROI is a glaring factor in his bottom line .
His company — an office and school furniture manufacturer , distributor , and wholesaler — will produce over 300,000 kilowatt hours ( kWh ) of electricity per year with the solar farm , and it wo n’t use a watt of it .
It ’s all sold to Progress Energy , a Raleigh - based power company .
OFM ’s 20 year contract with Progress guarantees 18 cents per kWh on energy generated from the panels .
That means Zalcberg has a front row seat to the sustainable business show .
“ That ’s about $ 60,000 , ” Zalcberg chuckles , “ just for being there . ”
Those panels were n’t cheap , though .
In fact , the whole enterprise — cost and installation of 1,042 solar panels — will set the company back about $ 1.3 million .
It ’s the kind of money that makes small businesses sputter on their best green intentions .
Zalcberg says it ’s a challenge many small businesses have in today ’s economy where it ’s difficult to stay alive , much less make such an investment .
Even with facilities in Phoenix and Taiwan , the 30 - person OFM is very much a family - owned small enterprise .
But it was just a matter of getting educated .
“ If they really knew about tax credits and depreciation , if they could subsidize it , the return is tremendous .
It is a business decision but also a commitment to be green , ” says Zalcberg , who ’d heard about solar farms from another local business as well as his bank .
OFM did n’t have to put their money on the table up front .
“ The banks loved this project , and they do n’t love much these days , ” Zalcberg says .
When shopping for a loan , he had two financial institutions doing battle over who would offer OFM the money .
SimString
A fast and simple algorithm for approximate string matching / retrieval
Introduction SimString is a simple library for fast approximate string retrieval .
Approximate string retrieval finds strings in a database whose similarity with a query string is no smaller than a threshold .
Finding not only identical but similar strings , approximate string retrieval has various applications including spelling correction , flexible dictionary matching , duplicate detection , and record linkage .
SimString supports cosine , Jaccard , dice , and overlap coefficients as similarity measures .
SimString uses letter n- grams as features for computing string similarity .
SimString has the following features : Fast algorithm for approximate string retrieval .
For example , SimString can find strings in Google Web1T unigrams ( 13,588,391 strings ) that have cosine similarity ≧ 0.7 in 1.10 [ ms ] per query ( on Intel Xeon 5140 2.33 GHz CPU ) .
100 % exact retrieval .
Although some algorithms allow misses ( false positives ) for faster query response , SimString is guaranteed to achieve 100 % correct retrieval with fast query response .
Unicode ( wchar_t ) support .
For languages using multi- byte characters , developers can use Unicode characters ( wchar_t ) instead of single - byte characters ( char ) as a character representation .
Implementation in C++ header files .
Developers can add the funtionality of approximate string retrieval into C++ programs just by including a header file .
Python and Ruby bindings via SWIG .
Developers can easily perform approximate string retrieval in scripting languages .
Download
The current release is SimString version 1.0 .
Source code SimString is distributed under the modified BSD license .
Please use the following BibTex entry when you cite SimString in your papers .
@ InProceedings {Okazaki:Coling2010 , author = { Okazaki , Naoaki and Tsujii , Jun'ichi} , title = { Simple and Efficient Algorithm for Approximate Dictionary Matching} , booktitle = { Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Computational Linguistics ( Coling 2010 ) } , month = { August} , year = { 2010} , address = { Beijing , China} , pages = { 851--859} , url = { http://www.aclweb.org/anthology/C10-1096} }
Change log SimString 1.0 ( 2010 -03-07 ) Initial release .
How to build Building simstring utility
To build the simstring utility , please follow the general procedure , configure & make .
The source code of the simstring utility is located at frontend / main.cpp .
Running " make " builds a binary frontend / simstring .
$ ./ configure $ make #
To install the SimString header files $ make install Using the SimString library from C++ programs
Add the include directory in the distribution into the INCLUDE path when compiling your C++ program .
Please refer to the sample program in C++ , the source code of the simstring utility ( frontend / main.cpp ) , and SimString C++ API Documentation .
The API specification is so simple that a developer can use it just by looking at the sample program .
Building a Python / Ruby binding of SimString Please refer to the sample program of SimString module and SimString SWIG module documentation .
The API is so simple that a developer can use it just by looking at the sample program .
Currently , build instructions for Python and Ruby modules are available , but it should be easy to build modules for other languages via SWIG .
( It would be very helpful if you could submit a sample program in other scripting languages ; I 'm not so familar with scripting languages other than Python . )
Building a Python module Build simstring .py and _simstring .
so , and install them .
$ ./ configure $ cd swig / python $ ./ prepare.sh $ python setup.py build_ext $ python setup.py install Adding " - - inplace " option to the command - line argument for build_ext builds simstring .
py and _simstring .
so in the current directory .
If these files are placed on the directory included in the module path of Python ( e.g. , the current directory where a Python process is created ) , one can try the SimString module without installing it .
Building a Ruby module Build and install simstring .
so . $ ./ configure $ cd swig / ruby $ ./ prepare.sh $ ruby extconf.rb $ make $ make install Running " make " builds simstring .
so in the current directory .
If the file is placed in the directory in the module path of Ruby ( e.g. , the current directory where a Ruby process is created ) , one can try the SimString module without installing it .
Police marketing campaigns aim to remind victims to report abuse The Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) is warning of the threat of increased domestic violence during England 's World Cup campaign .
Reports of domestic violence to England and Wales police forces increased by an average of 25 % on England 's match days during the last World Cup in 2006 .
Acpo is recommending forces make warning visits to known domestic abuse offenders before the tournament .
The World Cup starts on 11 June , with England 's first game the following day .
Acpo has written to all forces in England and Wales to ask them to highlight the problem to officers and detail their plans for dealing with it .
The association 's recommendations include : Command units to identify top 10 domestic abuse offenders in their area , and remind them action will be taken on further reports of violence
Domestic abuse specialists and investigators to be put on duty on days of England 's matches
Referral of domestic abuse victims to support networks as soon as possible
Where people are being dealt with for violence in a public place during the World Cup , any previous history of domestic abuse will be taken into account before they are released to return home .
Deputy Chief Constable Carmel Napier , Acpo lead on domestic abuse , said : " There is no excuse for domestic violence and perpetrators must be clear that the World Cup does not give them any justification for partaking in abusive behaviour . "
' Under - reported '
An incident of domestic abuse was reported to UK police every minute of every day , DCC Napier said .
She said research also suggested victims suffered 40 incidents on average before they felt the situation was at " crisis point " and first reported the abuse to police .
" It is often under - reported because people do try to manage it and hope it will go away .
They just want it to stop , and try to live for the good times . "
I hope this campaign will help to reassure victims that there is protection and support available
Home Secretary Theresa May
She added : " People sometimes say of victims , ' If it happened to me I would leave , so why do n't they ? '
Our experience shows that in many cases victims can't get away from their perpetrator or are too frightened to . "
DCC Napier advised people who were worried that they could be at risk of violence once the World Cup starts to contact the police or victim support services in advance .
" In the 21st Century in a civilised society , it should not be allowed ; this is someone not just having a difference of opinion , this is someone who is being very violent , abusive and extremely controlling - and that is not acceptable . "
Home Secretary Theresa
May said : " I hope this campaign will help to reassure victims that there is protection and support available , encourage more victims to report abuse and will serve as a warning to potential abusers that violence will not be tolerated . "
' Come forward ' A 49 - year - old woman , who suffered years of almost - daily beatings from a former boyfriend , said she would study the sports fixture lists in advance and try to be away from home when there were important matches .
" I do n't think that sport overall turns a man into an abuser - they are already abusive men , " she said .
" But what I think it does sometimes , the football and rugby , it makes it worse for the woman because she knows he is going to get tanked up , she knows what 's going to happen if she does something wrong when he gets home . "
It 's important to get the message out there that women do n't have to put up with it
Former abuse victim
She left her partner in fear for her life after an attack left her requiring an operation to re-attach a foot that had been partially severed when it was pushed through a window .
Years later , she is a volunteer counsellor for Victim Support and studying for a degree in crisis and trauma counselling .
" It 's important to get the message out there that women do n't have to put up with it , " she said .
" There are support networks to help , there are refuges which provide counselling to women where they can not be found .
" They can come forward and and we will give them all the right help they need to get back on their feet .
But unless they come forward and report it we cannot help them . "
During the 2006 World Cup held in Germany , Home Office data showed a 31 % rise in domestic violence reports on the day of England 's 1 - 0 victory over Paraguay .
On the day of England 's exit from the tournament , beaten on penalties by Portugal , reports increased by just over 30 % .
On average there was a 25 % rise in domestic violence reports on the days of England games , with one in four offenders found to be under the influence of alcohol .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To watch a video of the market drama , click on the video at left .
But Citigroup said " At this point , we have no evidence that Citi was involved in any erroneous transaction " and the head of the NYSE said " I do n't think you are looking for one bank that traded the wrong number of shares . "
Other trading anomalies were also emerging : Accenture , a $ 40 stock , at one point dropped to one cent .
ONE CENT .
And 3 M shares had a wild swing in afternoon trading , falling to around $ 68 , before popping to $ 90 and finally settling at $ 84.24 .
All this fogginess about botched trades came as the market was already on edge about Greece and the European debt crisis .
Just before the panic started , which was around 2:30 pm ET , Mohamed El - Erian said on CNBC that the Greek crisis is about to spread .
" We 've seen a crisis start in a country — Greece — become regional , impact the whole of the Euro zone and is on the verge of truly going global , " said El - Erian , CEO of the world 's biggest bond fund .
Rochdale analyst Dick Bove said the riots in Greece , which escalated after the Greek austerity bill was passed , are also a telling sign .
" There is simply a growing recognition that Greece has got to default , said Rochdale banking analyst Dick Bove .
" The riots in the streets showed the decision to repay the debt was not going to be made by the people in Germany , France and Switzerland , it 's going to be made by people in Greece and they 're not going to repay it , " he said .
" Anyone seeing the riots is going to recognize that this government is going to be thrown out and anything replacing this government is going to be far more leftist leaning and they 're going to repudiate . "
Financials were pummeled , with Bank of America down more than 7 percent and JPMorgan off more than 4 percent .
US - traded shares of Barclays were off 11 percent .
Financials had actually started the day under pressure after the U.S. Senate approved an amendment to the financial - reform bill that would end " too big to fail . "
The selling just accelerated as the riot news and European - lending rumors spread .
Earlier , the European Central Bank opted to keep interest rates unchanged , which came as a disappointment to the market as many had hoped that the central bank would take some action to stem the current crisis .
The market also did n't like that ECB president Jean - Claude Trichet used the " u " word — uncertainty .
" We expect the euro - area economy to expand at a moderate pace in 2010 , but growth patterns could be uneven in an environment of high uncertainty , " Trichet said .
While debt worries spread to what seems like a new European country each day — Greece , Spain , Portugal — Standard & Poor 's reiterated that their outlook for Italy is stable .
The dollar jumped to a 14 - month high against the euro after the ECB failed to offer any additional measures to ease the Greek debt crisis .
Oil fellto $ 77.11a barrel and gold soaredto $ 1,201 an ounce as investors piled into the metal as a safe haven from the market madness .
One trader noted that today just may be the day gold became a currency .
Elsewhere in the financial sector , Freddie Mac will ask for $ 10.6 billion more in federal aid after posting a nearly $ 8 billion loss in its latest quarter .
The problem with banning self - expression in any way is that it 's viral .
The chilling effect is an infection in human society , which soon spreads into every aspect of life .
The law is an ass , and a well - ordered society is only ever an ill - considered law or a populist outrage from a police state .
Yet in Australian political debate , far too often what is " bad " is treated as one with what should be " banned " .
Consider , for example , the Rudd government 's planned internet filter .
First , pre-censorship of child pornography , which of course no reasonable person will oppose .
Then it 's bestiality , then rape porn , then all " refused classification " pornography , which includes many harmless fetishes .
Then it 's mainstream shopping sites whose wares do n't fall neatly into our classification system , then discussion of political topics deemed illegal under Australian law , such as safe drug use and euthanasia .
Then when the glaring technical inadequacies of the filter emerge , talking about that becomes a crime , too .
Illustration : Andrew Dyson
Finally , the list of restricted sites is made secret – so there can be no review and no appeal .
Banning one thing all too quickly becomes banning everything .
When Elizabeth Farrelly dives into the debate about banning the burqa , she thinks she can simply argue that it's a sexist symbol of oppression .
Well , I happen to agree .
However , the jump between not liking something and wanting it banned by the force of law is ignored .
How would such a law be enforced ?
Is it acceptable for women of a culture that already faces significant discrimination to either be arrested , or stripped in the streets of clothing they view as protecting their modesty ?
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " The beta test went well .
Thank you , Dilbert . "
The Boss says , " Now I 'll have Tina add an impractical maintenance requirement to the manual and we 're ready to go . "
Dilbert says , " What ? "
The Boss says , " It 's standard procedure . "
The Boss says , " Say the user needs to lube the product ten time a day with the wax from a bear 's ear . "
The Boss says , " And say the warranty is voided if the device is n't properly maintained . "
Dilbert says , " Is that legal ? "
The Boss says , " It 's better than legal . "
The Boss says , " We 're using the law to keep justice away ! ! "
Dilbert says , " I feel sick . "
The Boss says , " That 's how you know it 's working . "
A SMALL western Sydney church has been hit with a $ 3000 fine by the local council because its choir was singing too loudly and some choristers were caught dancing .
Council officers raided the Granville church and were alarmed to discover choir members dancing in the carpark and the door of the church open an hour after it was supposed to be closed .
The dispute has gone all the way to the office of Treasurer Eric Roozendaal , who has been asked by his fellow minister David Borger to show mercy to the musical Christians and waive the penalty .
The Tokaikolo Christian Church choir was practising Christmas carols and other songs on the evening of December 3 last year .
The " infringement " occurred at 10 pm as the rehearsal was finishing .
A week later the church was hit with a $ 3000 fine from Parramatta Council .
It has been unable to pay the fine , which has been referred to the State Debt Recovery Office - which slugged the church another $ 50 .
The council claims the church violated the conditions of its development consent by being too noisy and hosting activities outside its approved " hours of operation " , which are supposed to end at 9 pm .
A spokesman said : " During a site inspection conducted at 10 pm on December 3 , 2009 , the following observations were made :
Three males were observed walking up the driveway on the northern side of the premises , towards the kitchen area ; a large group of people were observed dancing in the basement carpark area ; and the front door of the premises was open . "
Reverend Nesiasi Kolo told The Telegraph parishoners would end up footing the bill .
Local MP
Mr Borger is lobbying Mr Roozendaal to have the controversial fine waived .
" In considering the difficulties the church faces in balancing their community activities with their impact on their neighbours , I would suggest that strong consideration be given to the waiving of the fine and the issuing of a stern warning , " he said .
So , I figured we could have a confessional discussion where we admit our sins against atheism .
After all , if folk are going to persist in calling atheism a religion , maybe we should indulge a little and see how it works out for us .
My sins include using language like " God only knows " and saying to people who have sneezed " bless you " .
What the hell are you heathens doing that is the antithesis of atheism ?
UPDATE : This post continues to get attention and one thing I have noticed , with both amusement and frustration , is that some people do not seem to notice that this is largely tongue - in - cheek .
I posted this as a way of acknowledging the influence that religion has had and continues to have on our lives , our society , our language , and our habits .
We all know that atheism is not a religion , goddammit ! ;-)
Have a blessed day .
What habits or actions do you continue to do that would get your Atheism card revoked ?
This is totally tongue - in - cheek , but I have realized how my somewhat religious upbringing has colored my language as well as other things .
The Privacy Commissioner , Karen Curtis , is in the process of investigating the matter but MacGibbon , who now runs a security consultancy , said in a phone interview today that this investigation was far too limited as it was only looking for breaches of the Privacy Act .
Questions have been raised as to whether Senator Conroy beat up his statements as part of a personal vendetta against Google following the search giant 's stringent opposition to the Government 's internet filtering plans .
Google claimed its Street View cars intercepted personal data by mistake but Senator Conroy said the move was deliberate , and pointed to criminal investigations already underway in Germany centring on " illegal data collection " .
It comes after Senator Conroy in a Senate Estimates hearing this week accused Google of creating " the largest privacy breach in history across Western democracies " .
" If you suck down email , voice or other traffic from essentially the internet , which is the same as a telecommunications line , and you do it intentionally and you 're unauthorised in doing it , then you could be in breach of the Telecommunications Interception Act ... which carries potential criminal charges , " he said .
" I 'd expect that there would be at least some cursory look from a policing point of view .
If there has n't been at this stage , why not ?
Does the police believe there was no offence and if so , how do they know ? "
A spokeswoman for Senator Conroy said today that the Government was awaiting the outcome of the Privacy Commissioner 's investigation .
She noted that no evidence had yet been provided to suggest that there were breaches of the Telecommunications Interception Act .
Greens Communications spokesman Scott Ludlam said in a phone interview today : " The minister can put his money where his mouth is and refer the matter to the AFP , or he can withdraw the statement and admit that maybe in the heat of the moment Tony Abbott 's not the only one who goes a bit too far sometimes . "
Similarly , in Senate Estimates this week , Senator Mary Jo Fisher accused Senator Conroy of " hiding behind Karen Curtis " by not referring the matter to police .
NAIROBI , Kenya ( AP )  Somali pirates armed with automatic weapons boarded an oil tanker with $ 50 million of oil on Wednesday but the ship 's Russian crew locked themselves into a safe room to wait for a Russian warship rushing to the scene , a European Union Naval spokesman said .
The pirates launched the attack on the Liberian - flagged ship , which is named the Moscow University , at dawn .
Cmdr. John Harbour , the EU Naval Force spokesman , said the crew evaded the pirates for several hours while sending out distress calls .
If crewmembers were hurt , he warned , the Russians could respond " very robustly . "
There was no word on the crew 's condition .
Safe rooms are typically stocked with food , water and communications equipment and have reinforced metal doors that can only be opened from the inside if locked .
The attack occurred about 500 miles ( 800 kilometers ) east of the Somali coast .
The ship was not registered with the Maritime Security Center , saish special forces prevented the hijacking of a ship after pirates had boarded the Ariella .
Special forces from the Danish Absalon boarded the ship while the crew locked themselves in a secure room .
But naval interventions have also faced criticism .
On Wednesday , a French prosecutor said a French rescuer was responsible for killing the skipper of a sailboat hijacked by Somali pirates during a rescue operation .
Chief prosecutor Hever Pavy in the western French city of Rennes said investiseveral months .
Eleven suspected Somali pirates were indicted in U.S. federal court late last month , but the international community has had problems formulating an accepted policy to try and jail pirate suspects .
Kenyan Foreign Affairs Minister Moses Wetangula said Wednesday that Kenya is renegotiating several agreements signed with the U.S , Canada and European Union to prosecute and jail pirates .
Kenya in 2008 signed agreements to prosecute and detain Somali pirates captured by international .
He declined to name specific countries .
" What we will not do or we will not accept is a situation where we are single - handedly , as a country , carrying the responsibility for fighting piracy when piracy affects everybody . "
Kenya needs financial assistance to hire Somali interpreters and build prison facilities for pirates , he said .
One sticking point is what happens to pirates after their jail terms are up .
" We have accepted them , prosecuted them and sent them to jail .
Somebody else must receive them after their jail terms and these are the issues we are discussing with the countries that captured them and brought them here , " he said .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Django 1.2 release schedule - Update 6
As with last week , there has been a lot of activity on Django , but this is n't reflected in the overall ticket count .
We now have 51 open tickets .
However , the good news is that only 8 of these are substantive tickets blocking a release candidate .
Of these final 8 tickets :
# 12286 does n't have a test case that can be used to reproduce the problem .
Unless someone can provide a test case to reproduce this problem , we will be forced to bump this ticket from the blocking list .
# 13362 is a test case failure that only affects Python 2.3 , and appears to be a problem with the test case , rather than the underlying code .
# 13339 a problem caused by limitations in Python 's strptime ( ) implementation .
Unfortunately , there is n't an easy workaround for the problem that does n't involve duplicating ( and fixing ) strptime ( ) , and strptime ( ) is a big beast .
Unless someone can suggest a brilliant idea , we 'll probably have to call this ticket a known limitation , and bump it to a later release .
The remaining 5 tickets all have reasonable known solutions ( and working draft patches ) - they just require time to apply the fixes .
Although it 's entirely possible that we might still make the April 26 deadline , in order to manage expectations , we 're going to push the RC date by one more week .
Hopefully , this will be the last time we need to extend the deadline .
This means we are now targeting a release candidate around May 3 , with a final release around May 10 .
As always , any and all assistance is most welcome -- especially if you can shed any light on the three problem tickets .
Following on from my previous post about the Pope ’s apparent direct involvement in covering up the illegal sexual activities of some Catholic church staff , here ’s something that illustrates how old this so - called “ new problem ” really is :
The Beast File : Catholic Church Sex Scandals
Two thousand years of sweet fuck - all being done about this problem strongly suggests that exactly the same will continue to be done about it unless the public makes it happen .
The right - leaning religiosity of most modern Western governments almost guarantees they wo n’t be doing anything about it anytime soon .
However , as pointed out by Jack of Kent recently , care does need to be taken to determine whether crimes have actually been committed by Ratzinger .
Particularly when you ’re looking an international borders and legal differences .
Hat tip : PodBlack Cat
The new MacBook Pro’s have barely been out a few hours and Gizmodo has already benchmarked the top of the line 15 ″ model that features a Core i7 processor running at 2.66 Ghz , check out the graph above for the gains against the previous top - end model , the Core 2 Duo at 2.8 Ghz .
Even ripping a DVD with Handbrake took almost 40 % less time on the new Core i7 chip .
Some of the performance gain is undoubtedly the result of Turbo Boost , a feature of the Core i5 and i7 processors which take the 2.6 Ghz MacBook Pro to 3.3 Ghz in times of intense CPU usage .
So the new Core i5 / i7 MacBook Pro’s are confirmed to be blazing fast , pardon me while I mop up my drool .
After seeing these huge increases in performance , I ’m a little confused as to why Apple did n’t put a Core i5 into my personal favorite MacBook Pro , the 13 ″ model .
TechCrunch speculates that Apple chose to forgo haw computing power in favor of the extended battery life , but that seems like an odd compromise for a Pro machine .
Apparently I ’m not the only one who wonders about the use of an older CPU in the 13 ″ model , according to MacRumors , someone emailed Steve Jobs asking about it and received this response :
“ We chose killer graphics plus 10 hour battery life over a very small CPU speed increase .
Users will see far more performance boost from the speedy graphics . ”
If the above benchmarks are any indicator of general speed increases when moving from a Core 2 Duo to the new Intel Core i5 / i7 chips , I ’m not so sure I agree with that statement , but I imagine some real world benchmarks on the 13 ″ will soon appear and we ’ll have an answer .
So while the 13 ″ models minor update has raised a few curious eyebrows , the specs of the new MacBook Pro 15 ″ and 17 ″ model are undoubtedly very powerful and quite enticing .
Anyone have an extra $ 2300 laying around ?
That MacBook Pro 15 ″ with a Core i7 chip and high - res screen is looking like a Mac lovers dream .
I have spent some time over the past few weeks writing about various different ways of producing oil from oil shale .
While it is now about time that I move on to other topics , David Hagen was kind enough to post the website that gives access to the presentations from the Oil Shale Symposia that I mentioned at the beginning of this mini-series .
The papers from the 28th Symposium in 2008 illustrate that while the current price of oil may not currently justify the development of large oil shale operations , it can justify the investment of research dollars to seek better ways of producing oil from these fields .
This is particularly true if one accepts one of the criteria that Exxon used to justify their ongoing interest , namely that they project that world energy demand will be 40 % higher in 2030 than today , with more than 80 % of that energy still being supplied by fossil fuels .
Exxon believes that the oil from oil shale will play a significant role in that supply .
And so I am going to skip lightly through the papers , and highlight anything that catches my eye .
Exxon Mobil , for example , are looking into Electrofracking the shale .
The idea of using electrical power directly to break rock has been around for some time .
Erich Sarapuu wrote his doctoral dissertation on this in the 60s as I recall , unfortunately before the internet made it easy to find much information , though he went on to form Electrofrac Corp .
And there have been more recent papers .
However it appears that by putting electrically conductive materials into the fractures and passing current through them , Exxon Mobil both limits the surface footprint , and the amount of material that has to be heated to achieve the transformation of the kerogen .
Higher rock stress can apparently also lighten the oil produced , based on lab tests .
Since the time of the Symposium , Exxon Mobil has run a successful field test at their Colony Mine site , but has been quoted as commenting :
ExxonMobil sees tantalizing prospects for shale : up to 162,000 barrels of oil per surface acre at a 50 percent recovery rate .
The results suggest a 3 - to - 1 ratio of energy recovered over energy expended to obtain it , McGinn said ...
It appears ExxonMobil can make its process work using about 1.5 barrels of water for each barrel of oil produced , he said .
Even under the most optimistic of scenarios , ExxonMobil sees no production coming from oil shale for 10 to 24 years , McGinn said .
Exxon Mobil plan for oil production from oil shale
Shell have also reported that the ground conditions can change the quality of the oil produced , and that slower heating increases oil quality , while higher pressures increase the hydrogen content of the oil .
Field tests confirmed the lab information .
( And for those who wondered about the ability to make jet fuel from oil shale , they also added this table ) :
Jet fuel from oil shale ( Courtesy of Shell and DoD ) ( the table has additional pages )
In contrast Chevron has looked at sending hot gases that are surface generated down and through induced fractures :
Chevron concept for oil shale development ( NETL )
The U.S. Bureau of Mines did look at fragmenting the oil shale beds in place and then igniting them for an in - situ variation on the Ecoshale process I described last time ( in the sense that the shale is heated within a geological retort ) .
Bureau of Mines test at Rock Springs ( NETL )
And I have previously written about the paper on the ground freezing test that Shell has carried out :
There is work being done by Total ( who slipped in a comment that oil supply may peak before 2015 ) .
They see the world potential supply from oil shale as being measured in trillions of barrels of oil .
They are collaborating with Petrobras in surface retorting programs and along with other companies encouraged by the Jordanian government evaluating deposits in Jordan , which is also examining microwave heating and Morocco .
They are collaborating with Independent Energy Partner on geothermal fuel cells for in - situ heating and looking at downhole radio - frequency heating .
There has been a subsequent paper on the Moroccan oil shale development .
The use of radio frequency heating was described , with the Bechtel / Parsons conclusion that the process could yield an EROI of greater than 3 .
And the potential for using wind energy to power the microwaves was advanced .
The program being developed by EGL where the heating is supplied around the outside of a series of wells was also included .
Representation of the EGL plan
There is a report available on unconventional fuels that looks at oil shale , transmitted in December 2008 .
There was also , from August of that year , a complimentary list of companies carrying out research into oil shale and tar sands .
The Power Engineering Institute in Moscow discussed some of the work being done in Russia on both their deposits and those in other parts of the world .
The Narva thermal refinery in Estonia has , for example , increased production to over a million barrels exporting about 40 % of the product .
The plant uses ash as a pre-heating step , and used automobile tires as part of the feed stock .
A better list of some of the oil shale projects can be found at the Oil Shale Association .
One thing is clear from perusing both the Proceedings and the additional papers that I have chased up to try and update some of the information .
The Oil Shale resource around the world will become an increasingly viable one as the price and availability of conventional oil become more of a strain on the world and individual nations .
This is being recognized by countries such as Jordan , China and , Thailand .
Plans range from continued examinations of more exotic methods for oil recovery , to the more conventional mining and surface retorting .
The level of activity appears to be rising again , and thus while the continuous posting on the topic will now halt , I will come back to the subject intermittently in the future .
It is a comment on the perceived future scarcity of conventional oil , that this subject is receiving so much attention .
A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. director tipped off a hedge - fund billionaire about a $ 5 billion investment in Goldman by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. before a public announcement of the deal at the height of the 2008 financial crisis , a person close to the situation says .
The revelation marks a significant turn in the government 's case against Raj Rajaratnam , the hedge - fund titan at the center of the largest insider - trading case in a generation .
Mr. Buffett 's investment in Goldman in September 2008 was a watershed moment ...
SYDNEY , Australia — Australia 's smokers will be finding it even tougher to light up after a raft of tough new government legislation further tightened the country 's already stringent restrictions on smoking .
On April 29 , the Australian government — virtually overnight — announced a 25 percent hike in cigarette tax .
And in a world first , Australia has set out plans to become the first country to have plain cigarette packaging as of July 1 , 2012 .
Cigarette packs will carry no logos , color or font variation .
Instead the pack will bear the brand name and a graphic photo depicting the gruesome consequences of smoking .
" The new branding for cigarettes will be the most hard - line regime in the world and cigarette companies will hate it , " Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said in a press conference .
The measure has the backing of the World Health Organization .
WHO claims that packets convey a brand image such as toughness , which appeals to teenagers who are still forming their identity .
As Rudd predicted , tobacco companies responded almost immediately .
Imperial Tobacco Australia was concerned about what would happen to its brand recognition : " Introducing plain packaging just takes away the ability of a consumer to identify our brand from another brand and that 's of value to us , " Cathie Keogh , the brand ’s spokesperson told ABC News .
Keogh said Imperial Tobacco were considering its legal options .
" It really affects the value of our business as a commercial enterprise and we will fight to support protecting our international property rights . "
British American Tobacco Australia said it would also fight the plain - package ruling .
“ It commodifies our brand , ” said spokesperson Louise Warburton .
“ It will mean that the only differentiation between types of cigarettes is price , and it will drive down prices . ”
Warburton believes the move will also inspire counterfeit products .
“ Our industry is already losing 12 percent of the market share to knock - off products , ” said Warburton .
“ It costs taxpayers AU $ 600 million ( $ 532 million ) annually . ”
Australian Health Minister Nicola Roxon told ABC
News the legislation would be written to withstand a lawsuit by the tobacco industry .
" We wo n't be put off by the fact that tobacco companies wo n't like this action . ”
Smoking is the most preventable cause of death and disease in Australia , according to the federal government .
Every year , 15,000 Australians die as a result of the habit .
In 2007 , 16.6 percent of Australians over the age of 14 were smokers and the government wants the rate to drop to 10 percent by 2018 .
Rudd plans to generate 5 billion Australian dollars ( $ 4.4 billion ) in the next four years from cigarette taxes and wants to use this money to fund overhauls of hospitals and the health system .
Health advocates welcomed the new anti-smoking laws .
“ It eradicates the last vestiges of advertising , ” said Ian Olver the CEO of the Australian Cancer Council .
“ The color of the pack attracts young , new smokers , and clashes with the photos of health warnings . ”
Olver said raising cigarette taxes had traditionally been very effective in reducing smoking rates .
“ For every 10 percent increase in price , the amount of smokers in the country drops by 3 percent , " he said .
" Most Australian smokers want the prices to go up because it will encourage them to quit . ”
Before the price of cigarettes went up by 2.16 Australian dollars ( $ 1.99 ) at midnight on April 29 , smokers crowded supermarkets and newsagents in order to stockpile .
Smoking has been virtually banned from enclosed spaces in Australia since 2007 .
Sydney ’s most famous beach , Bondi , has had a smoking ban since 2004 , and smoking is routinely prohibited on sidewalks near outdoor eating areas .
Since 2006 , cigarettes in Australia have been required to display a graphic photograph depicting the effects of smoking .
The images must appear on 30 percent of the front of the packet , and 90 percent of the back .
These have ranged from photos of fat oozing out of blocked aortas to photographs of gums barely able to adhere to their teeth .
These images are likely to be the only color visible on the new packaging .
The proposed packaging is unlikely to prevent smoking , said Paul Harrison , a senior lecturer in advertising and consumer behavior at Deakin Business School .
Instead it will break down the tie between the consumer and the brand .
“ The perception of flavor comes from the packaging , we have an emotional response to it , that is n’t rational , " he said .
" It ’s the same with the way we distinguish the similar types of soft drinks .
“ Now it will take more cognitive effort to decide between Winfield and Marlboro when they both look exactly the same on the supermarket shelf .
The effect will be small on current smokers , but it might alter their attachment to a particular brand . ”
Harrison , however , said that as one of many anti-smoking policies it would work .
“ There is a big social shift occurring .
It ’s becoming harder and harder for people to smoke , and less people will tolerate smokers .
It ’s a hardcore habit to keep up now .
Most smokers will have to be really committed to their cause . ”
Real personal income for Americans - excluding government payouts such as Social Security - has fallen by 3.2 percent since President Obama took office in January 2009 , according to the Commerce Department ’s Bureau of Economic Analysis .
For comparison , real personal income during the first 15 months in office for President George W. Bush , who inherited a milder recession from his predecessor , dropped 0.4 percent .
Income excluding government payouts increased 12.7 percent during Mr. Bush ’s eight years in office .
“ This is hardly surprising , ” said Douglas Holtz - Eakin , an economist and former director of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
“ Under President Obama , only federal spending is going up ; jobs , business startups , and incomes are all down .
It is proof that the government ca n’t spend its way to prosperity . ”
According to the bureau ’s statistics , per capita income dropped during 2009 in 47 states , with only modest gains in the other states , West Virginia , Maine and Maryland .
But most of those increases were attributed to rising income from the government , such as Medicare and unemployment benefits .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Dow ’s rise above 11,000 lifts hopes
• Hill Republicans vow to fight for cuts
Two of the most populous states in the country reported dramatic declines :
Per capita income in California dropped 3.5 percent to $ 42,325 ; in New York , the drop was 3.8 percent to $ 46,957 .
“ The evidence from New York and California reinforces a basic lesson :
Where government gets too large , prosperity suffers .
Let ’s hope that the Congress learns this lesson before it is too late for the country as a whole , ” said Mr. Holtz - Eakin , who also served as chief economic policy adviser to Sen.
John McCain ’s 2008 presidential campaign .
On the campaign trail , Mr. Obama often derided Mr. Bush for what he said were dramatically falling incomes for workers .
“ American families , since George Bush has been in office , have seen average family incomes go down $ 2,000 , ” Mr. Obama said in a September 2008 speech on the economy in Green Bay , Wis .
The bureau , which does n’t compile statistics on “ family ” income , reported that per capita income rose during Mr. Bush ’s two terms , from $ 29,159 to $ 32,632 ( using 2005 dollar values as a base ) .
During Mr. Obama ’s 15 months in office , per capita income has dropped nearly 1 percent to $ 32,343 .
Economists agree that Mr. Obama inherited a severe recession , although some dispute that it is the “ worst since the Great Depression , ” as Mr. Obama often asserts .
Still , the dropping numbers show that the $ 862 billion stimulus package has not turned the tide on dropping incomes .
“ All in all I think the [ bureau ’s ] data are just another confirmation of what we all know - the recession has been just brutal , and while we may in the past couple of months have stopped the downward slide in jobs and incomes , we ’ll be digging out of a big hole for a long time , ” said Josh Bivens of the Economic Policy Institute .
Carol Moylan , chief of national income and wealth division at the Bureau of Economic Analysis , said comparing real personal incomes while excluding government payments is a good barometer .
“ A lot of people like that number , ” she said .
The White House did not respond to requests for comments on the numbers .
Personal income with government “ transfers ” - which include such federal money as Social Security , unemployment insurance , Medicare and food stamps - has grown during Mr. Obama ’s time in office , up 1.2 percent from January 2009 to February 2010 .
During that period , government unemployment insurance benefits rose from $ 88 billion to $ 143 billion .
Despite a near doubling in unemployment payouts , Mr. Obama in February announced a multitrillion - dollar spending plan that boosted the federal deficit to a record - breaking $ 1.56 trillion .
“ While the market income of Americans has fallen since early 2008 , government assistance has offset this somewhat through greater transfer spending such as unemployment benefits and new tax credits such as the ‘ making work pay credit , ’ albeit at the expense of higher deficits , ” said Gerald Prante , a senior economist at the Tax Foundation organization .
Mr. Obama , who just finished pushing a $ 1 trillion health care reform bill through Congress , is falling behind on his predictions .
In a September speech , he said : “ All in all , many middle - class families will see their incomes go up by about $ 3,000 because of the Recovery Act . ”
Other numbers show dramatic differences between the state of the economy in the opening months of Mr. Bush ’s first term versus that of Mr. Obama .
While disposal income during Mr. Obama ’s term has risen $ 2.5 billion , extra cash for Americans rose $ 113 billion over Mr. Bush ’s first 15 months in office .
Meanwhile , the findings of a new survey of leading economists by the Associated Press found widespread pessimism over a quick recovery .
The finding included ominous news :
c The unemployment rate will stay high for the next two years and still be at 8.4 percent by the end of 2011 .
c Home prices will remain almost flat for the next two years , even after dropping an average 32 percent nationwide since peaking in 2006 .
c The economy will grow about 3 percent this year , less than usual during the early phase of a recovery , but few jobs will be added .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Since the year 2000 London 's Serpentine Gallery has been home to a series of temporary architectural creations .
The summer pavilions , by the world 's most celebrated architects , are a highlight of the UK 's cultural year .
But which have best stood the test of time ?
The annual Serpentine pavilion is a great achievement based on some dodgy ideas – that architecture can be made into a collectible artwork , and that it can work its magic independent of use or purpose .
Also that hiring a famous architect is the same thing as achieving a great building .
Also that you can build structures at a speed and in a way that makes considered detail almost impossible without the quality of the finished work suffering .
The achievement is that it has created a series of intriguing , sometimes beautiful , occasionally dud structures that have livened up our summers .
The series has given glimpses of what architects can do with space , structure , material , light and nature , and the human habitation of these things .
The Serpentine pavilion was invented 10 years ago , in the year of millennium fever .
It was not funded by the national lottery or the Millennium Commission , and sought to deliver no sonorous messages about modern Britain , but it crystallised the feeling that we were in a new century and that , somehow or other , this should be celebrated with new architecture .
Each year , architects were asked to design and construct , in a breathless six - month period , temporary structures outside the Serpentine Gallery in Kensington Gardens , and had the freedom to try out ideas that the planners would have ground into dust had they been permanent .
The gallery 's rules were that the pavilions had to be designed by leading architects who had built nothing in Britain , and those at the spectacular , eye - catching end of the profession were favoured .
Grabbing the attention of the media was , after all , one of the objectives .
The pavilions were presented as artworks and put up for sale to collectors with the help of the estate agents Knight Frank .
They also drew heavily on sponsorship in kind – building materials and skills given free and expertly marshalled by Peter Rogers , of the property developers Stanhope , who is one of the unsung heroes of the pavilion project .
The structures were prodigies of the arts of fundraising and PR .
They were unveiled to the world with compendious lists of sponsors ' names and logos attached .
Long rounds of glamorous parties were held to justify the sponsors ' investment .
The pavilions flourished at the fertile intersection of art , glamour , corporate sponsorship , iconic architecture , PR and property development .
They became part of the summer season , like Henley or Cowes with a radical edge .
Inadvertently , they have become excuses for London 's failure to achieve comparable levels of design or imagination in the everyday , permanent spaces of the city .
The rise of the Serpentine pavilion accompanied a profligate construction boom , yet the list of the pavilion 's designers is also a list of architects not invited , with one or two exceptions , to contribute anything else to London .
The success of the pavilions allows the city to look more architecture - loving than it actually is .
Clearly , this is not the pavilions ' fault .
2000 : Zaha Hadid
Zaha Hadid 's pavilion , 2000 .
The first pavilion was created to shelter a fundraising dinner , attended by luminaries including Sting , Steve Martin and the Duke of York , to celebrate the gallery 's 30th anniversary .
Its aim was to " radically reinvent the accepted idea of a marquee " .
A folded triangulated structure rose and fell to define different internal spaces and vary the degree of openness .
Inside were ranks of angular tables , in shades graded from pale to dark grey .
Hadid was then the world 's great unbuilt architect , with few completed buildings but a huge international reputation based on the promise of her extraordinary drawings .
The structure was only supposed to last for a week , but the then culture secretary , Chris Smith , liked it so much that he persuaded the planners to let it stand for three months .
The pavilion was not one of Hadid 's finest works : it was built in a hurry and with difficulty , and it had something of a lashed - together quality .
It was n't as assured as it might have been , but it pioneered an idea – the excitement and interest it aroused got the pavilion concept going .
It was bought by the Royal Shakespeare Company and reassembled in the car park of Stratford 's Globe in 2001 , after which it was given to a local farmer .
One of the angular tables is in my living room : its splayed legs have a habit of tripping people up , which inspires a kind of exasperated affection .
2001 : Daniel Liebeskind with Arup
Daniel Liebeskind 's pavilion , 2001 .
Photograph : John Alex Maguire / Rex Features
In 2001 Libeskind was famous for his first major international building , the Jewish Museum in Berlin , finished in 1999 when he was aged 53 .
He was also still hoping to build the Spiral , an extension to London 's Victoria and Albert Museum composed of cascading , ceramic - clad planes , which had somewhat miraculously got planning consent from the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea .
The extension eventually foundered on funding issues .
Libeskind 's pavilion , called " Eighteen Turns " , was created with the engineer Cecil Balmond from Arup who collaborated with Anish Kapoor on the gigantic ArcelorMittal Orbit sculpture proposed for the 2012 Olympics .
The pavilion was an origami - like composition of aluminium panels that folded up and over each other , creating overlapping spaces : some more intimate , enclosed from the park and the elements .
Greenery reflected in the metal , creating a 3D collage of nature and structure .
It was less freighted with significance than other projects of Libeskind 's , and also more light - hearted and direct in its appeal .
Bought by an anonymous buyer , it re-emerged outside Fota House in Cork , as part of its European City of Culture programme in 2005 .
Not sighted in public since .
2002 : Toyo Ito with Arup
The 2002 pavilion by Toyo Ito with Arup .
Photograph : Raf Makda / View Pictures / Rex
Perhaps the most satisfying of Serpentine pavilions , the 2002 building had an intricate and enigmatic steel structure .
It was something like a late - Gothic vault gone modern , with an apparently random arrangement of intersecting lines .
It had , in fact , an underlying pattern , based on an algorithm of a cube that expanded as it rotated .
Panels between the lines were solid , open or glazed , creating the semi-internal , semi-external quality that is common to almost all the pavilions .
The building managed to achieve both a powerful presence and , in its white interior , a dazzling brightness .
Lime - green chairs by Ross Lovegrove added to its gaiety .
It was designed by Toyo Ito who worked , like Daniel Libeskind , with Cecil Balmond of Arup .
Ito had recently completed what is still his most impressive work , a Mediatheque ( that is , a library with several kinds of media in it ) in the Japanese provincial city of Sendai .
Like many pavilion designers , he has not had a sniff of another London project since .
His pavilion , however , has had the most prominent afterlife of any .
It was bought by Victor Hwang , then owner of Battersea power station , as a visitor centre for his proposed development there .
It is now used for events at his Hôtel Le Beauvallon , overlooking St Tropez in the South of France .
2003 : Oscar Niemeyer
Oscar Niemeyer 's 2003 pavilion .
Photograph : Peter Cook / View Pictures / Rex
The 2003 pavilion came with a great story : the then 95 - year - old Brazilian maestro Oscar Niemeyer , who worked with Le Corbusier on Rio's prewar ministry of education , and who created the most dazzling landmarks of Brasilia , would make his London debut .
It was like getting Carmen Miranda to turn up and do a gig .
The reality was n't quite as good as the story .
Niemeyer did some sketches in Brazil , which were translated into a building , but it lacked the effortless swoop of his best work .
Nor did it quite catch the light - on - its - feet spirit of a temporary structure .
It was made of steel and concrete , and had a basement , more like a permanent building that happened to have a short lifespan .
Faintly saucy drawings , based on Niemeyer 's many decades of fascination with the female form , decorated the walls .
But it was still better to have a Niemeyer in Britain than not to have one .
The Niemeyer pavilion , along with the Siza , Koolhaas and Eliasson structures , was bought by a single anonymous buyer for a " considerable sum … many millions " , and all four are in storage .
The buyer intends that they will one day be seen again in public .
He says he does not want them to become " private follies " .
2004 : MVRDV
The Dutch team MVRDV 's proposal for the 2004 pavilion , which was never made .
In about 2002 the Serpentine 's director asked me for my thoughts as to who might design future pavilions .
MVRDV , I said .
Who are they ?
she asked .
Rising stars of Dutch architecture , I said .
We need someone more established , she said .
How about Alvaro Siza ?
I replied .
I therefore felt a modest pride when both MVRDV and Siza were successively chosen to design pavilions .
MVRDV's , however , was the one that never happened .
It was invented at the peak of the great noughties concept boom , when nothing seemed too impossible or outrageous , and the idea was to bury the entire Serpentine Gallery beneath an artificial mountain , up which the public would be able to promenade .
It was an inspired departure from the idea of a more - or - less - pretty object standing on a lawn , but it was extremely challenging in terms of issues such as budget , difficulty of construction , and disabled access .
As a result , there was no pavilion in 2004 .
The Serpentine still hoped to build it in subsequent years but eventually gave up the attempt .
Like the gigantic tower that Gordon Selfridge wanted to build on his Oxford Street store , it has joined the ghostly legions of London 's great unbuilt .
2005 : Alvaro Siza / Eduardo Souto de Moura with Arup
Pavilion 2005 , by Portuguese architects Alvaro Siza & Eduardo Souto De Moura with Arup .
Photograph : James Brittain / View Pictures /
Alvaro Siza , and his ex-pupil Eduardo Souto de Moura , are two Portuguese architects noted for a certain simplicity and lightness of touch .
They typically work with plain walls of stone or white plaster , and rely on subtleties of light , space and material .
Siza , now in his late 70s , is venerated for his patient , consistent , unflashy work .
Generally the Serpentine Pavilion favours spectacular more than subtle architects , as the 2005 edition confirmed .
Siza and de Moura designed a low , humped roof of interlocking laminated timber that " created a dialogue " with the gallery 's permanent building .
The roof turned into sloping walls , which stopped a few feet off the ground , like a big skirt .
This created a cut - off view of the surroundings from inside the pavilion .
It offered a few quietly rewarding moments , but it did n't zing .
That it looked like a tortoise did n't help .
2006 : Rem Koolhaas with Arup
Rem Koolhaas ' Dome pavilion , 2006 .
Photograph : Alisdair Macdonald / Rex Feature
Rem Koolhaas , always suspicious of architecture for its own sake , intimated scepticism about the pavilion concept , but with his collaborators came up with an instantly appealing monument .
His big idea was to create a gas - filled balloon , or " cosmic egg " , that would hover above an " amphitheatre " .
The balloon echoed the inflatable structures beloved of radical 1960s architects .
It was designed to rise in good weather , opening up the amphitheatre to fresh air and views of the sky , and descend again to keep out rain .
It proved a cumbersome way to manage the environment , although there was something hallucinatory about the appearance of this luminous orb , like a grounded moon , in the park .
The balloon was more a sign of spontaneity than the reality .
But more than any other pavilion , it became a place of public exchange thanks to the events devised by Koolhaas and Serpentine co-director Hans Ulrich Obrist .
The most memorable were the 24 - hour interview marathons , in which , for example , you could hear Gilbert and George discourse at 6 am .
Koolhaas 's practice OMA has had more success in London than most pavilion designers .
Its Rothschild Bank HQ is going up in the City , and he masterplanned the proposed conversion of the Commonwealth Institute to rehouse the Design Museum .
2007 : Olafur Eliasson / Kjetil Thorsen
In 2007 the pavilion was designe by Olafur Eliasson and Kjetil Thorsen .
Photograph : Luke Hayes / View Pictures / Rex
The Danish - Icelandic artist Olafur Eliasson was billed as the lead designer of the 2007 pavilion , assisted by Kjetil Thorsen , of the Norwegian architects Snøhetta .
This did n't quite hit the right note , as the whole point of the pavilion until then had been that it was the work of architects in the grounds of an art gallery .
It also did n't help that Eliasson had created a smash hit in London 's other series of high - impact temporary structures , the Unilever commissions at Tate Modern .
His Weather Project of 2003 , with its artificial sun and reflecting ceiling , had thousands lying on the ground as if in a hippy sci- fi movie .
Eliasson 's Serpentine pavilion was tamer .
It was a timber - clad spiral that allowed you to go to the top , look at the view , and go down again , while experiencing some quite nice bits of design on the way .
The Snøhetta / Eliasson collaboration produced the much more powerful National Opera House in Oslo – the roof of which acts as an artificial hillside in the middle of the city .
Their Serpentine pavilion was perfectly nice , but one of the least memorable in the series .
2008 : Frank Gehry
Frank Gehry 's pavilion , 2008 .
Photograph : Cate Gillon / Getty Images
Barcelona , Berlin , Paris , Düsseldorf , Prague , Dundee and Bilbao all have permanent buildings by Frank Gehry but somehow London , with its prodigious appetite for construction never got round to it .
As he is now past 80 , the 2008 Serpentine Pavilion is likely to be the great Canadian - born Californian 's first and last appearance in the capital .
The commission gave him the chance to return to the direct style of his earlier career , before the Bilbao Guggenheim made him into a specialist of elaborately curving glossiness .
He also saw it as a chance to give experience to younger people in his office , including his son Samuel .
Made of chunky pieces of timber , it comprised a " street " running axially towards the gallery , sheltered by flying planes of wood and glass .
Banks of seats on either side also gave it the quality of an amphitheatre .
" It had to be wood – I'm Canadian , right ? " was how Gehry described it .
" And then we were thinking of those old catapults .
This is Britain , and the Romans invaded you .
I came up with the idea of a four - poster structure with a big pillar in each corner and it looked OK , but it needed to be a little more festive .
Then Sam made a model with butterflies flying through it , and that turned into the glass roof . "
Like most of the pavilions it was sold to a private and anonymous buyer .
2009 : Sanaa
Last year 's pavilion , designed by Japanese architects Sanaa .
Photograph : Arcaid / Rex Features
By 2009 , it began to feel as if the Serpentine Pavilion idea might be running out of puff , but the Japanese architects Sanaa came up with one of the most delightful , as well as the most delicate yet .
Sanaa 's two protagonists , Kazuyo Sejima and Ryue Nishizawa , designed a thin , freeform aluminium roof which , as they put it , drifted " like smoke " between the trees .
It had no walls , but was supported on skinny poles .
It reflected sky and grass and when it rained its mirrored soffit made it look as if rain was falling upwards .
It " expanded park and sky , " as they also put it , and " melted into its surroundings " .
Architects talk like this quite often but on this occasion the building did what they said .
The Serpentine Pavilion has always had a close relationship with the Pritzker prize , the award that is the Nobel Prize for architecture in all but name .
Eight pavilion designers have the prize , including the architect of the forthcoming 2010 pavilion , Jean Nouvel .
This year Sejima and Nishizawa joined the Pritzker gang .
The private buyer of the pavilion , again , remains anonymous .
2010 : Jean Nouvel ( pictured top )
The 2010 pavilion will be in a vivid red , intended to contrast with the green of the park , and evoke London buses , post boxes and phone boxes .
It will also , according to the Serpentine , be " a contrast of lightweight materials and dramatic , metal , cantilevered structures " .
It will have " bold geometric forms , large retractable awnings " and a 12 m - high , sloping wall rising above the lawn .
Table tennis will be added to the pavilion 's usual programme of talks and cafe and there will be a " Marathon of Maps for the 21st Century " , in which " artists , writers , thinkers and scientists will present maps encompassing their experience of the world today " .
The architect is the Parisian Jean Nouvel , who first came to widespread fame with his Institut du Monde Arabe in 1987 .
There , he charmed people with a wall of steel shutters , inspired by the traditional perforated screens of Cairo , that opened and closed like the aperture of a camera .
Generally , his work combines a sensuousness of surface , a touch of showmanship and outbreaks of harshness .
He has no house style , using different techniques on different projects .
His work includes the forbidding , black law courts in Nantes and the Fondation Cartier in Paris , where layers of glass generate a field of reflections .
He designed a luxury hotel in Bordeaux wrapped in rusty metal screens and the Torre Agbar in Barcelona .
The latter is like London 's Gherkin in form , but has a more intriguing wrapping of layered and coloured glass .
Like the Gherkin , it is more interesting for its effect on the skyline than for the abrupt way it descends on the streets .
Nouvel is now working on an outpost of the Louvre in Abu Dhabi , where he has designed a huge , shallow dome like an inverted saucer that is perforated to create dappled patterns of light .
Paul Sakuma/AP
Cisco Systems unveiled hardware Tuesday that will greatly speed up the delivery of data over broadband networks and will serve as the foundation for a next - generation Internet .
The Cisco CRS - 3 triples the capacity of its 2004 predecessor , delivering up to 322 terabits per second .
UCBTHRPZMQNB
While I realize that Roopinder Tara ’s blog , presented here , gives good marketing advice to its CAD CEO audience , there are a few misconceptions about the cost effectiveness and results of “ marketing campaigns ” that warrant further comment .
“ Press : Getting Your Money ’s Worth
By Roopinder Tara
“ Let ’s say you are a beleaguered CAD CEO and are trying desperately to move your company ahead in these tough times .
Marketing is a good place to start .
Let us examine the prevailing marketing guidelines that seem to be emerging .
“ DO :
1. Spend your advertising revenue on Google ads .
2. Befriend an already popular blogger
“ DON’T :
Develop and invest in a marketing campaign .
“ Let ’s look into this a bit further .
“ Google ads
“ Very cheap , and you only pay when someone clicks .
So what if Google ca n’t tell the difference between Computer Artery Disease and Computer , Computer Aided Dispatch and Computer Aided Design ?
You can get rid of your high price marketing VP and most of the marketing department .
It takes little skill to create Google ads and manage the campaigns — except you do have to get your message into 3 tiny little lines .
You can get tons of empirical data… immediately .
“ Befriend a Blogger
“ A popular blogger is like gold .
A blogger gets popular because he / she is probably a subject expert , writes intelligently and often .
Best to fly them to headquarters — economy class is fine .
You can pitch to them all day but leave plenty of time for fun stuff , take in the sights of you town — make sure you go to a good restaurant and let ’s not forget the power of alcohol .
Altogether , this creates a warm fuzzy feeling — and it can be had for a couple of thousand dollars , tops .
Any blogger worth his salt will document his newfound knowledge of the company and its products .
After all , a blog must be fed .
“ You can do this with press , too , but with less success .
You could get old and die waiting for an article .
“ Marketing Campaign
“ In contrast to above , a full fledged marketing campaign takes planning and execution , often requiring careful consideration at the highest level .
They take time to run and worse of all , can run into tens of thousands of dollars .
Results are not as easy to gauge .. in the short term . ”
Off the bat , I do n’t view advertising and befriending a blogger as being outside the purview of a marketing campaign .
Our marketing / PR firm has an in - house ad agency , and we routinely bundle advertising and PR in a well - balanced “ marketing campaign . ”
Roopinder is right on about befriending a blogger but that , too , falls within the scope of marketing campaign strategies and tactics .
That ’s what a press tour is all about , and we always schedule bloggers as a top priority .
Maybe my perspective is different than other marketing / PR firms because among our executives we have a CSTO that has 30 - years as a tech editor / publisher .
I doubt that there are very many firms that do n’t treat bloggers as the influencers they are , so separating that out as not included in marketing campaigns is somewhat confusing , at best .
Now to address the real issues that the presentation of a comparison of marketing to advertising begs .
I use press releases in the examples because they are known common denominators of marketing campaigns .
Here ’s the point - by - point rebuttal :
Google Ads Issues Reality Marketing Campaign Issues Reality “ very cheap ” Bidding on Google ad words can be costly Marketing campaign press releases are more expensive than ads GIS client paid a mere $ 0.06 per Google hit from its press release * “ takes very little skill ”
The inference is that an ad campaign is a DIY activity Writing those “ 3 little lines ” of ad messages is much harder than it looks Marketing campaigns require unique skills that eliminate any DIY activity Several of our firm ’s clients write their own press releases and save $ $ with our DIY BudgetSavers ™
“ You can get tons of empirical data… immediately ” Do n’t fire that Marketing VP .
He ’s the one who translates the data into refined ad copy that generates sales leads Metrics and feedback on PR are neither extensive nor immediate Many tools that evaluate syndication , pro or con feedback , etc. , including MarkeTech ’s Ink Quotient™ analytics
Ad results are easy to gauge Counting clicks is easy , but then what ?
No contact info , etc. PR “ results are not easy to gauge ” Data on a GIS client ’s 17,500 Google hits from a press release
Ads produce more “ short term results ” than PR Over 90 days , an audience has to be exposed to an ad message 18.5 times before purchasing **
Little “ short - term ” results 48 hours after distribution , an editor and a blogger turned a press release into two feature articles
Marketing deliverables , such as press releases , white papers , and feature articles have a secondary life through pass - along readership and syndication activities .
Ads obviously do n’t allow for “ e- mail this to friend , ” or other “ share this ” activities .
Here ’s an interesting hypothetical :
What would happen if what ’s being advocated in Roopindar ’s blog came true ?
What if all CAD CEOs fired the VPs of Marketing , totally abandoned their marketing campaigns , and only posted Google ads ?
The situation would be that bloggers would n’t have anything about which to blog !
Google searches would yield not text content , but hits that point to advertisements .
Would n’t such an imagined scenario result in putting bloggers out of business ?
After all , a blog must be fed !
_____________________
* There ’s evidence from Proctor & Gamble research that concluded $ 1 invested in marketing and PR led to $ 2.8 in sales , versus $ 1 spent on advertising yielded $ 0.85 .
** According to a Microsoft Advertising Institute study “ The long road to conversion :
The digital purchase funnel , ” Andrew Martin writes that over a 90 - day period , a median of 18.5 advertising exposures are required , with 5.5 of them within the last 48 hours before buying .
Share MarkeTech's Blogs : Email
Print
More
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : advertising , blogger , Google ads , marketing , PR
Hedge fun
By Tom Toles
***
Garbage in
Last week Ezra Klein discussed Marc Ambinder 's article on obesity .
The underlying discussion is about the devilishly complex nature of the obesity crisis .
Complex to the point of solution - defying .
I do n't think it is at all .
The reason the issue appears to be without solution is that the political conversation in this country has skewed so far to the right that the blindingly obvious first path is ruled of the table .
Apparently the ONLY thing that 's off America 's table .
I recently quoted Jack Kemp , of all people , and let me quote him again .
( I may henceforth attribute ALL apocryphal thoughts to Jack Kemp ) : " If you want less of something , tax it . "
We know perfectly well what foods are the biggest part of the problem , and , no , it would not be impossible to figure out a system to tax them .
Do I want to INTERFERE with the FREE MARKET ?
Yes , yes , yes I DO !
Runaway obesity represents a market FAILURE .
The market does NOT always get it right .
Air pollution : market FAILURE .
Financial crisis : market FAILURE .
Wiping out fish stocks : market FAILURE .
Taxing known junk food and beverages into submission is what a sane , orderly , grown - up society would do .
But we instead are paralyzed by what has become unquestioned free - market fundamentalism .
And what do I recommend we do about THAT ?
Tax it .
-- Tom Toles
***
Like many cars driven by teenagers in New Jersey , the Toyota Corolla 18 - year - old Erick Rivera parked in a Newark high school lot Tuesday did not have any red decals affixed to the license plates .
The $ 4 decals , required by law to be on any car driven by permit or probationary license holders under 21 , were instead in his pocket .
Previous coverage :
• Fewer than one in four N.J. teen drivers purchased required license - plate decals
• N.J. legislators plan to introduce a bill rescinding Kyleigh 's Law decal requirement
• Kyleigh 's Law requires license decals for young N.J. drivers
• Bergen County lawmaker seeks to appeal teen driving decals in ' Kyleigh 's Law '
The Barringer High School senior said he does n’t want to put them on his car because he feels they will make him vulnerable to police officers .
Across the state , teenagers and parents have turned to chat rooms and online forums to voice their objections to the new law which , they say , unfairly targets young drivers because of their age .
One assemblyman even plans to introduce legislation to repeal the law .
Kyleigh ’s Law , named after a teen who was killed in a 2006 crash , requires any permit or probationary license holder under 21 to stick red removable decals to the license plates of the car they drive .
The law took effect Saturday .
Underage drivers could face fines up to $ 100 if police find they have not placed the decal inside their cars during a motor - vehicle stop .
Motor vehicle officials said 69,480 decals were sold by Monday .
About 250,000 drivers are required to purchase the stickers , they said .
" The law is the law , " said Michael Horan , a spokesman for the state Motor Vehicle Commission .
" They ’re for sale and it ’s up to them to come in a buy them .
As to why they ’re not coming in , I have no idea .
It comes down to personal responsibility , like wearing a seat belt . "
Pam Fischer , director of the state Division of Highway Traffic Safety , called the lag in purchases " an educational process . "
But many teen drivers and parents say the decals do nothing but make them potential targets of predators or law enforcement officers .
" You ’re putting your age on your car , you ’re driving your age , " said Ashley Wahba , 18 , a senior at Somerville High School who needs the sticker but does n’t plan on getting one .
" I ’m concerned about the welfare of all drivers , " said Assemblyman Robert Schroeder ( R - Bergen ) , who plans to introduce legislation to repeal the law .
" These young drivers would be targets of predators . "
His 16 - year - old daughter has the decals on her license plates .
Opponents are turning to the Internet to vent their frustrations .
One Facebook group against Kyleigh ’s Law has over 31,000 members , while an on - line petition against the law has over 5,000 signatures .
Bethany Johnson , 18 , of Vineland , who authored a blog in support of Kyleigh ’s Law , said she was involved in two crashes before she got her driver ’s license in March .
" The average teenager is driving irresponsibly and there needs to be a way to identify them , " Johnson said .
On Monday , minutes after Sara Murphy , 17 , pulled out of her Warren home with the stickers affixed to her car , a police officer stopped her .
Murphy said the officer asked if she was using a cell phone or iPod because he saw a light emanating from her car .
When she told him she was n’t — she said her passenger was using the iPod — she got a $ 54 ticket for view obstruction for an air freshener and a guardian angel that hung from her rearview mirror .
Her mother , Kathy Karolis , said her daughter was targeted because of the decal .
" Get rid of the red stickers , " Karolis said .
Tiffani N. Garlic of the New Jersey Local News Service contributed to this report .
Millionen - Deal mit Jugendmagazin Rechnungshof rüffelt Bundesagentur für " Bravo " - Kooperation
Bunt , großflächig , Oliver Pocher als Werbefigur - die Bundesagentur für Arbeit zahlt Millionen für Artikel in der Zeitschrift " Bravo " .
Der Bundesrechnungshof rügt das scharf : Beim " freihändig " vergebenen Auftrag gebe es kaum Kontrolle , zudem komme die Zusammenarbeit dem Partner McDonald 's weit entgegen .
Schwerbelastungskörper
Hitler had a grandiose plan to make Berlin a World Capital .
He had planned construction of massive structures in Berlin surpassing those of London , Paris , and Washington and had even decided a new name for Berlin - Welthauptstadt ( " World Capital " ) Germania .
The only structure which was created as a part of his grandiose plan was a huge concrete cylindrical test block called Schwerbelastungskörper ( " Heavy Loading Body " ) .
It was built in 1941 to test the load bearing strength of the Berlin soil where the massive Triumphal Arch was to be constructed .
In the optical quantum memory , a signal containing the information and a write pulse are sent together into a cesium vapor cell .
The vapor turns the pulses into a spin wave , and the information can be retrieved by a read pulse that converts the spin wave into an optical signal .
The memory can achieve data rates that exceed 1 GHz .
Image copyright : K.F. Reim , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
As with today 's computers , future quantum computers will require more than just quantum information processing ; they will also require methods to store and retrieve the quantum information .
For this reason , physicists have been studying different types of quantum memories , which are capable of controllably storing and releasing photons .
However , these memories still face several challenges in areas including storage time , retrieval efficiency , the ability to store multiple photons , and bandwidth .
In a new study , a team of physicists , Klaus Reim , et al. , from the UK , US , and Canada has focused primarily on increasing the bandwidth of an optical quantum memory .
The researchers have achieved data rates that exceed 1 GHz , which is more than 100 times greater than the speed of existing quantum memories .
Although other areas still need improvement , these high - speed memories will likely form the basis of tomorrow ’s photonic quantum information processors .
In their experiments , the physicists use a hot cesium vapor cell as the storage medium .
They overlap a signal pulse containing several thousand photons ( the information ) with a strong write pulse , and send both pulses together into the cesium vapor cell .
The vapor induces a Raman interaction , mapping the signal pulse with the write pulse into a collective atomic excitation called a spin wave .
This information can then be stored in the cesium vapor cell for 12.5 nanoseconds , after which the information is retrieved by sending a strong read pulse into the cell .
The read pulse converts the spin wave into an optical signal that is measured by a detector .
“ There are a few steps that are required [ to achieve high bandwidth ] , but the main approach is to use atoms with a higher energy storage state , and to apply more sophisticated control pulse methods , ” coauthor Ian Walmsley of the University of Oxford told PhysOrg.com .
By achieving bandwidths up to 1 GHz , the new quantum memory offers data rates that are an increase of a factor of more than 100 compared to current quantum memories , which are limited to a few megahertz .
Moreover , the researchers noted that the bandwidth was limited only by the response time of the detector ; theoretically , the quantum memory could be capable of even larger bandwidths .
In addition , the method offers long coherence times of several microseconds .
One area that still needs work is the overall efficiency , which was about 15 % .
The cesium vapor could store 30 % of the incoming signals , half of which could later be retrieved .
The researchers plan to improve the efficiency by changing the signal pulse ’s attributes .
The physicists also noted that this Raman - based quantum memory scheme can be broadly applied to other storage media besides hot cesium vapor , such as cold gases and solid - state systems .
Also , in addition to quantum computing , quantum memories like this one will be important for quantum repeaters for long - distance communication .
“ Our plans are to demonstrate the operation of the memory at the quantum limit , using an external source of nonclassical light , ” Walmsley said .
“ Challenges for the future in general are to increase the number of bits the memory can store and the readout efficiency of the memories to the point when they can be used in applications such as quantum communications links . ”
Explore further Long - distance quantum communication gets closer as physicists increase light storage efficiency by an order of magnitude
More information : K. F. Reim , et al .
“ Towards high - speed optical quantum memories . ” Nature Photonics .
Doi : 10.1038 / NPHOTON.2010.30 K. F. Reim , et al .
“ Towards high - speed optical quantum memories . ”
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Racing fans got a good look at Ferrari 's new Formula One cars in the opening Grand Prix of the 2010 season in Bahrain :
In one of the dullest races in recent memory , Fernando Alonso completed 49 laps without incident to take the checkered flag , with teammate Felipe Massa close behind .
But as television cameras follow the iconic red cars during this weekend 's Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne , few of the sport 's millions of viewers around the world will be aware that they are the subjects of a hugely controversial , and expensive , subliminal - advertising campaign .
Gaze at the Ferrari cars for long enough , and you 'll notice that instead of a brand logo , an anonymous barcode symbol appears behind the drivers ' head and on the team 's distinctive red overalls .
For this , Philip Morris International Inc. , manufacturer of the Marlboro cigarette brand , pays Ferrari between $ 100 million and $ 130 million in sponsor fees , according to F1 Racing magazine , despite the European Union 's ban on tobacco advertising .
The link between the world 's most elite auto - racing circuit and the tobacco industry goes back a long way : Marlboro first appeared as a sponsor in Formula One in 1972 , with the BRM team , and the marketing budgets of Marlboro and other brands including Lucky Strike , Benson and Hedges and West continued to flowed into the sport throughout the 1990s .
The first test cloture vote is taking place right now in the Senate .
In true form , Ben Nelson has voted with his Republican friends and Wall Street benefactors to filibuster financial reform .
He did n't even have to do it :
The Republicans had already promised a united front to block it from proceeding to debate .
Ben Nelson 's message to the rest of us ?
Wall Street does n't need no stinkin ' reform .
At least , not any reform that might actually be , well ... reform .
Other remarkable moments from the debate ahead of the vote include Judd Gregg ( R - NH ) bashing populist anger against Wall Street and Bernie Sanders answering that point for point .
I 'm trying to find the video on that , because both are moments worth watching .
Update # 2 : Reaction has been swift and harsh :
President Obama is " deeply disappointed " that Republicans voted as a block and Nancy Pelosi 's blog has a whole string of reactions .
The theme is the same : Blocking debate benefits no one but Wall Street .
Update # 1 : Q1 Campaign contributions to Nelson 2012
3/31/2010 :
$ 500 - LobbyDC.com LLC : Pat Raffaniello Former Director of Affairs for the NRA , Staffer for Cong .
Bill Brewster , founder of the BlueDog Coalition
$ 1000 - Hunton & Williams : Georgia law firm serving corporate interests , including the financial industry
$ 1500 - Lawyer for Canfield and Associates , Virginia firm representing the Consumer Mortgage Coalition
$ 500 - Bill Brewster ( see above )
$ 500 - Andrew Dodson The Bockomy Group
$ 1600 - Dwight Eberle ( MI )
$ 1000 - Trevor Fetter - Tenet Healthcare President
$ 500 - TyLynn Gordon - Strategies 360 ( PR Firm )
$ 1000 - Gary ( last name unintelligible ) Law firm partner , Nebraska
$ 2300 - Frederick Graefe - Law Offices Frederick Graefe
$ 2400 - Charles Gray - Oklahoma State Representative
$ 500 - Brian Griffin - Duberstein Group Consultant ( see Muckety map for relationships )
$ 1400 - Chris Hastings - Hastings & Associates ( Oklahoma attorney )
$ 1400 - Tori Hastings - See above
$ 1000 - Jonathon Jones - Peck Madigan Jones & Stewart Consultant / Partner
$ 500 - Daniel Lonergan - Tenaska Capital Management
$ 500 - Eric Merhoun - Old Mutual Financial
$ 2400 - Brian Mason - Great Western Industry CEO ( TX ) - Primary
$ 2400 - Brian Mason - Great Western Industry CEO ( TX ) - General
$ 1700 - Blair O'Connor - self - employed Insurance ( MI )
$ 500 - Joy Phillipi - American Meat Institute
$ 500 - Brian Pomper - Parven Pomper Strategies
$ 500 - Francis Smith - HomeStar Bank ( Chairman )
$ 4800 - Amy Tejral - Former Nelson Legislative Director , now lobbyist at Avenue Solutions
$ 500 - Robert Van Heuvelen - VH Strategies principal
$ 1500 - Accenture PAC
$ 1000 - AFLAC PAC
$ 1000 - AGL Resources , Inc PAC
$ 1000 - American Gas Association PAC
$ 2000 - Bayer Corporation PAC
$ 1000 - Blank Rome LLP PAC
$ 5000 - BNSF RR , PAC
$ 1000 - Emerson Electric PAC
$ 2000 - Federation of American Hospitals
$ 2500 - HCA Good Government Fund PAC
$ 1000 - Honeywell International PAC
$ 1500 - Level 3 Communications PAC
$ 1000 - Marathon Co PAC
$ 5000 - MidAmerican Energy Company PAC
$ 1000 - National Propane Gas PAC
$ 1000 - NFG FEDPAC
$ 500 - Nicor PAC
$ 5000 - Norfolk Southern Corporation PAC
$ 1000 - Pacific Life Insurance Co PAC
$ 1500 - Pharmaceutical Research PAC
$ 1000 - Power PAC ( Edison Electric Institute )
$ 1000 - Sell Insurance PAC
$ 1500 - SRA International Inc PAC
$ 2000 - Tenet Healthcare Corp PAC
$ 2000 - Touchmark PAC ( AL )
$ 2500 - United Health Group PAC
$ 1000 - Universal Health Services PAC
$ 2000 - Vanguard Health Management PAC
$ 5000 - Washington Advocacy PAC
Cassini continues making loop - de- loops around Saturn , returning tens of thousands of way cool pictures .
Like this one :
From 1.3 million kilometers ( 800,000 miles ) away -- 3 times as far as the Moon is from the Earth -- Cassini spied this pretty scene .
It shows , obviously , Saturn 's rings to the right .
The very thin ring extending to the left is the F - ring ; it 's very faint and was n't even discovered until 1979 , when Pioneer 11 passed the planet .
The two moons are Pandora ( the flying saucer - shaped one ) on the left , and Epimetheus on the right .
Usually , in pictures like this , perspective is a problem ; one moon is much farther away than the other , so your sense of scale gets a bit bollixed .
But in this case , both moons are about the same distance from Cassini !
Pandora is about 114 x 84 x 63 km ( 68 x 50 x 38 miles ) in size , and Epimetheus is a bit heftier at about 144 x 108 x 98 km ( 86 x 64 x 58 miles ) .
In this shot , the rings are in the background relative to the moons , and Pandora is just a hair closer to Cassini than Epimetheus .
I was surprised that they appeared so close together , so I did some checking .
Pandora orbits Saturn at a distance of about 141,700 km ( 85,000 miles ) , and Epimetheus orbits at 151,400 km ( 91,000 miles ) .
So really , they never get any closer than 10,000 km ( 6000 miles ) to each other .
Since they do look pretty cozy in this image , there really is a little perspective going on , since Epimetheus must be a few thousand kilometers farther away .
That 's only a trifle compared to the more than 1 million km distance Cassini was from the pair when it took this shot , though .
What this means is that if you compare the sizes of the two moons you get a good idea of their relative diameters , but their positions relative to Saturn are a little messed up due to perspective .
Got it ?
Once I got the orbital distance of the moons , I was curious how long it takes them to orbit Saturn .
Turns out , it only takes about 15 hours for Pandora and about 17 hours for Epimetheus !
So both moons are screaming around the planet at speeds of roughly 60,000 kph ( 36,000 mph ) , far faster than even low Earth satellites move .
That 's because Saturn is a lot more massive than the Earth , and has far more gravity .
It yanks much harder on those moons , whipping them around at greater speeds .
There 's more , too .
Pandora is one of the shepherd moons of the F-ring , helping it maintain its shape .
It shares an orbit ( more or less ) with the moon Prometheus .
As it happens , Epimetheus shares an orbit ( more or less ) with the moon Janus .
Now follow along here : in mythology , Epimetheus and Prometheus were very close brothers .
Their names means hindsight and foresight , respectively .
Prometheus gave us fire and civilization , and had his liver pecked out by birds every night for his sins against the gods .
Epimetheus was supposed to give mankind positive traits , but was a bit of an absent - minded goofball , and he ran out of raw materials before he got to us .
For this , the gods gave him the " gift " of Pandora , whom he married .
Well , that 's not fair !
Being smart and clever and helpful gets your organs ripped out of you , and being an idiot with no eye for the future gets you rewarded * .
Of course , in reality , Epimetheus 's wife shares an orbit with his brother .
That 's gotta hurt .
Sigh .
I think I prefer the confusion of the actual Prometheus and Epimetheus to the confusion of their mythical namesakes .
Reality may not always be fair , but at least ( to borrow a phrase from George Hrab ) it 's fair in its unfairness .
^* Feel free to extrapolate this myth to science and politics , if you wish .
Related posts : Watch Saturn 's shadow dancingCassini eavesdrops on orbit - swapping moonsSaturnian eclipse
Ugh , I decided to read the comments of the article and came across this :
" I WONDER WHO IS THE BIGGEST CROOK THE VILE OBAMA OR THE PRES .
OF IRAN ?????
TOUGH CALL — — — — — —- "
Really ?
Are we really going to compare the two ?
Because , yaknow , they 're really on the same level , so it 's sooo appropriate for us to make them comparable .
And no , good sir ( or ma'am ) , it is n't a tough call .
Then I came across this comment which I think is a very good question :
" Why is Iran so afraid of their women ? "
Because they know that the women are a threat .
That 's my answer .
The scanners produce a detailed image of passengers at airports
Nine out of 10 British people are happy to use full - body scanners being rolled out at UK airports , a survey suggests .
The poll of 10,000 people , including 977 Britons , by IT firm Unisys , found acceptance of the scanners was highest in the UK out of the 11 countries .
One in three surveyed in Germany and Belgium objected , and only 45 % in Hong Kong and 24 % in Mexico were in favour .
There has been some criticism of the scanners over privacy , as they produce body - length " unclothed " images .
The survey also found 91 % of the Britons asked would be happy to provide biometric data - such as iris scans and fingerprints - to identify them at airports .
Vice - president of global security solutions at Unisys Neil Fisher said : " With airport operator BAA also reporting positive responses to the full - body scanners , it appears that the early controversy surrounding the technology has died down and people are taking a pragmatic approach to their safety .
" The question is has the country done enough to subvert another terrorist plot ?
" What we have done so far is react to threats as they occur , rather than take an holistic view of the threat . "
The survey involved people from Australia , Belgium , Brazil , Germany , Hong Kong , Mexico , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Spain , the UK and the US .
This Jet2.com plane left Newcastle Airport bound for Sharm el - Sheikh International Airport in Egypt
Welcome to our as - it - happened coverage of the travel chaos caused by the volcanic ash cloud over northern Europe .
We have been following developments with breaking news , your e-mails and Tweets , experts ' advice and insights from BBC correspondents .
All times are BST .
1832 BA tells the BBC it still plans to land more than a dozen long - haul flights that are currently en route at Heathrow , despite the fact airspace over southern England remains closed .
It is unclear what conversations have been taking place between BA and Nats .
1803 Trevor from Bristol says : I am amazed that everyone seems to think they can only get back to the UK via Calais .
There are numerous ports on the coast of France which would be a shorter journey on a coach / taxi / train and less costly .
Also , there is not a crisis .
We just do not have planes .
Has anyone checked the air quality for emissions from planes and compared it to when they are working ?
1752 andylockran tweets : Iceland go bankrupt , then manage to set their island on fire .
Insurance scam written all over it .
Read andylockran 's tweets 1750 Sarah Simpson , from Galloway , says : My husband is stuck in New Zealand .
He was supposed to fly home on Sunday but has been given a revised flight date of 6 May by his airline !
He is a farmer and has only arranged cover for the 12 days he was supposed to be away , not the month they are now proposing .
His insurance is giving £ 100 for " delayed departure " .
1742 Thomas Cook Group says it will undertake more than 80 flights on Tuesday across its European markets , and is looking to increase this number significantly on Wednesday .
1740 Downing
St confirms the UK 's emergency committee Cobra is meeting now .
1730 The ultimate geography field trip ?
Forty pupils from a school in Hertfordshire were as close to the volcano as you could get .
1725 Matt Hodgson from Crowthorne , Berkshire , says : I had to record my best man speech outside the Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
I 'm gutted I can't make my best mate 's wedding on Friday .
My girlfriend and I are hoping to fly to Frankfurt on Saturday and make our way over land to Calais .
Our airline has been useless supplying us information on returning to the UK .
We went to the Embassy in Kuala Lumpur and they could offer us no support apart from a telephone call home .
To add to my misery my employers are removing my time out here from my salary .
1700 BBC science correspondent Pallab Ghosh says :
The British Geological Society is reporting the eruptions from the volcano have become less explosive and so the ash is n't being sent so high into the atmosphere .
That 's good news because that means that any new ash will fall into the sea before reaching UK airspace .
So if this situation continues , flights could begin to resume soon as the ash currently in the atmosphere begins to clear - which could be within the next few days .
1653 aliguana tweets : Now it 's " The Ash Crisis ! " ... erm ... no .
No one has died .
No one is starving .
People and goods are still moving .
Just not flying .
Read aliguana 's tweets 1650 : More on the coach saga .
The Foreign Office says about 150 coaches are being gathered in Britain to travel to Madrid , with the first 50 leaving on Wednesday .
More coaches are being gathered in Spain .
Officials say the fleet is primarily for Britons flying to the " Madrid hub " from outside Europe .
1645 : Change in direction ?
That 's been the case for thousands of travellers trying to make their way home but what about the weather and the all - important wind .
A BBC meteorologist has been taking a look at where the ash cloud might be going next .
1636 : The MV Hamnavoe , which usually operates a service between Scrabster in Caithness and Stromness in Orkney , has been diverted to Bergen in Norway to pick up stranded travellers .
1635 Plane manufacturer Airbus and holiday operator Thomson are among those who have completed successful test flights .
Thomson flew six aircraft from Iceland and reported no technical difficulties or damage to the planes .
1630 Ryanair will not operate any flights between Ireland and the UK until at least Friday .
Airline boss Michael O'Leary said he hoped the move would free up aircraft to begin flying stranded passengers in and out of mainland Europe on Thursday .
All of Ryanair 's northern Europe services are cancelled until 1300 on Thursday .
1620 Stockholm airport is to close at 1900 until early Wednesday .
1615 A nice statistic here : The Port of Dover in Kent says it has handled more than 250,000 passengers since the ash crisis began .
This is the equivalent of 600 Boeing 747 jumbo jets .
1600 Foreign Secretary David Miliband has been talking about the " Madrid hub " for Britons coming in from far - flung destinations .
He said there was only a " trickle " of Britons so far and more than 100 coaches were being dispatched .
But he reiterated the message which the government has been at pains to stress all day - people should try to make their way to northern ports in France .
Mr Miliband says two Royal Navy ships are on stand - by should they be needed at the Channel .
Also , Europe Minister Chris Bryant is heading to Madrid to oversee the operation - doubt he is flying there , though .
1545 So to clarify , just airspace covering Aberdeen , Inverness , Edinburgh and Newcastle airports , as well as Glasgow and Teesside airports , will be open for flights from 1900 until 0100 on Wednesday .
But passengers should still check with their airline .
For instance , bmi has now cancelled all its flights to and from UK airports until 2359 .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service 1544
The situation here in the UK and elsewhere in Europe depends very much on what the volcano in Iceland is doing .
Icelandic meteorologist Halldor Bjornsson told the BBC World Service about its latest rumblings - have a listen .
1530 Another sporting story emerging from the ash chaos - the British judo team are trying to get to Vienna for a competition on Thursday .
They have given up waiting for flights to get back to normal , so are making their way by coach .
1525 Emma O'Connor from Ruislip says :
My daughter and her swimming club were stuck in Majorca .
Easyjet gave them the 28th for their re-scheduled flight .
They 've given up on flying home .
They went to see the British Consul yesterday and although they were understanding , they said there was nothing they could do .
My daughter is the youngest in the party , she is only 11 .
They have now decided to take a ferry to Barcelona and a coach to Calais where we hope they will get a ferry to Dover .
It 's been a nightmare but hopefully an end is in sight .
1510 The UK's air traffic agency adds in its 1500 update statement that the situation involving the volcano " continued to be variable " .
1503 Flight restrictions will remain in the UK until at least 0100 tomorrow , except for parts of Scotland and part of northern England , air traffic control company Nats says .
This British family got to go home on a Royal Navy warship from Spain 1451
With the latest news that airspace will remain open around Glasgow and Newcastle until midnight , three Thomas Cook Airlines rescue flights have departed from Glasgow to pick up passengers from Cancun in Mexico , Heraklion in Crete and Sharm El Sheikh in Egypt .
One flight has also departed from Newcastle to pick up holidaymakers in Lanzarote .
Providing airspace remains open , these flights will all return on Tuesday night along with 10 other Thomas Cook Airlines flights from short and mid-haul destinations , repatriating around 2,500 passengers in total .
1448 Shaq from Grays , Essex ( who has clearly forgotten about Fulham ) says :
Should the flights not return to normal by tomorrow , a group of us are driving down to Madrid for the Liverpool match .
It 's going to take about 18 hours to get there , but some of us have to be there to cheer the Red Army and keep the British flag flying in Europe !
1444 Do n't forget that air traffic control body Nats will be giving its latest update at about 1500 - we 'll bring it to you as soon as we have it .
1438 Faye Chadwick from Cheshire says : I am currently stuck in Krakow , Poland , with 14 others , having gone on a school trip to Auschwitz last week .
We only intended to stay for three days , but we have now been here a week and have no idea when we will be getting back .
Luckily , the school 's insurance policy means we can stay in a hotel , and have money to buy essentials .
1433 A bit more on those coaches in the Spanish capital - a spokeswoman for the British consulate in Madrid said more staff were on their way to Madrid Airport to set up reception centres to process passengers and get them on to the coaches .
1428 In the European Parliament , MEPs have taken it in turns to urge the EU to do more to help thousands of stranded passengers .
1416 Sue Conway from Congleton says :
We have been giving our son help with information , booking tickets etc from the UK as he tried to get home from visiting his girlfriend who was working in Lisbon .
I am staggered that the BBC , Foreign Office etc are not reporting updates to the French Rail Strike .
This is not helpful !
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World At One 1413 Eurolines will be adding extra coaches but says its services are generally running as normal .
1409 The Foreign Office says consular staff in Madrid have told them that there are 100 coaches available to take stranded passengers to ferry ports .
And the BBC's Sarah Rainsford , at Madrid Airport , said : " There 's no sign of the coaches yet but I have spoken to the embassy and I have been told those coaches will materialise - some of them coming from the UK , some from Spain .
They are saying people who are held up outside Europe are asked to hold on for the moment , to await further information and contact their airline .
They are being told that Foreign Office staff are heading to both Spain and France to set up reception centres to deal with passengers who will eventually be diverted to Madrid and then taken on from here by coach and train to northern France . "
1404 Ferry companies operating out of Dover will be allowed to take 10 % more passengers on their larger ships to help ease the current transport crisis .
According to David Osler , reporter for Lloyd 's List , this suspends " whole chunks of the Safety of Life at Sea Convention , introduced after the Titanic disaster of 1912 " .
1356
And while you 're at it , why not check out this video footage and get up close and personal with an exploding volcano ?
1351 Ever wondered what life would be like if the Wright brothers had n't ever got off the ground and planes just did n't exist ?
Read this and find out .
1343 Mark Wood from Kingston on Thames writes : I needed to get back from Copenhagen as my pregnant wife was struggling looking after our sick little girl .
Hired a car , bought satnav and drove from Denmark to France , Boulogne .
Twelve hour drive .
No hotel , so sleep in car .
Dropped car off and got a taxi to the ferry port , knowing it does not accept foot passengers .
Persuaded a chap from the Czech Republic to add me as a passenger to his van , and off we were home to Dover .
Taxi home / straight to hospital see my family .
Certainly recommend other going to Boulgone - Sur - Mer , and asking a British car to add them as a passenger .
This incurs a small fee .
1337 Lord Adonis , Secretary of State for Transport , says the safety of air passengers remains " my paramount concern " .
Read more on that here .
1330 Emily Broth tweets : I just called Foreign Office helpline .
Their advice for people outside EU was " get fam and friends to send u money " Useless !
Read EmilyBroth 's tweets 1319 The BBC's Hugh Schofield writes from France that tens of thousands of French people are abroad and their government has made it quite clear that getting those people back is a priority .
1304 BA says 12 long - haul flights are currently en route to Heathrow , from Beijing , Singapore and the US west coast .
A spokeswoman said the airline had contingency plans for each flight if Heathrow was still closed but would not say which airports it would use instead .
1301 Norfolkline Ferries is running coaches for foot passengers travelling to and from France on Tuesday and Wednesday - it is not normally able to carry foot passengers on the Dover - Dunkirk route .
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live 1233 A new £ 500 m luxury cruise ship is putting its inaugural celebrations on hold to come to the rescue of stranded holidaymakers .
Tour operators have asked Celebrity Eclipse to head to Bilbao in Spain to pick up about 2,000 people , who can enjoy a real lawn measuring nearly half an acre , as well as bars , 10 restaurants , a casino , a theatre and swimming and spa pools .
1226 LD
Lines ferry company has limited foot passenger capacity on its crossings to the UK from Le Havre and Dieppe but there is some car space available .
More spaces will be available over the coming days .
There are vehicle spaces on its Dover - Boulogne and Ramsgate - Ostend services .
1219 The BBC's Sanjoy Majumder , at Delhi airport , says :
There are many people camped outside the main terminal building .
If you look at the flight monitors all you see are flights delayed indefinitely , flights cancelled - nobody quite seems to know when this is going to end .
There 's a tremendous backlog of passengers waiting to leave .
1212 Ryanair says it will operate additional flights on Wednesday and Thursday from the Canary Islands to allow stranded passengers to at least reach mainland Europe .
But onward travel from Madrid will be at each passenger 's expense , the airline warns .
1207 Brittany Ferries tells the BBC it has no space on any Spanish services until 29 April .
It urged people not to go to Santander as there are no more spaces on commercial ferries .
It suggests that foot passengers wanting to sail into Portsmouth should consider the French ports of Caen , Cherbough , Roscoff and St Malo .
1158 EasyJet has just announced it is cancelling flights to and from northern Europe , including the UK , until 0100 on Wednesday .
1147 Chandan from Sheffield writes : I had my flight on Friday .
I went to LHR and came back to Sheffield , as it was cancelled .
Now it 's Tuesday .
No signs of LHR opening .
I want to travel to Bangalore , India .
I am getting married this Sunday .
At least I need to be in Bangalore by Saturday .
Still , I do n't have any options to go to India .
1142 Time to weigh anchor - HMS Albion has pulled up its gangplank , according to the BBC's Rob Walker in Santander .
1127 Not even Nato is immune to the ash , it seems .
Its latest air training exercise , called Brilliant Ardent 2010 and hosted in Germany , has had to curtail activities because of the restrictions on airspace .
1114 Even volcanic ash clouds can have silver linings for some - the National Trust is to give free entry to its properties to any foreign travellers stranded in the UK .
Travellers must arrive at a National Trust property with a flight ticket from the affected period together with their passport .
1106 The BBC's Paul Henley in Santander says :
The situation is quite chaotic because people are hearing rumours , and chasing rumours around the continent .
1100 The first flight for four days between Northern Ireland and Scotland has landed .
The Flybe Edinburgh - Belfast flight arrived at 1047 .
1045
There are 500 British troops - on their way home from Afghanistan - waiting to leave northern Spain on Royal Navy warship HMS Albion .
And 300 British tourists are also due to return on the vessel , which has docked in Santander .
1035 BAA Scotland spokesman Donald Morrison is at Glasgow airport .
He said his organisation was " deeply frustrated " at having to close again at 1300 .
Although a number of flights had already taken off and landed , he said the " short window of opportunity " means airlines do not want to risk having crew and planes out of position .
1029
It was only a friendly match , but still worth mentioning - Celtic have postponed their game at Parkhead against Dutch side AZ Alkmaar on Wednesday night .
There is still plenty of football on television , at least .
1022 The first flights out of George Best Belfast City Airport have now departed .
The 1015 flight to Glasgow has taken off on time and the 1045 flight to Aberdeen has also gone ... early .
1019 British Airways has been able to operate its first flight since Saturday , with a Boeing 777 taking off from Beijing .
BA said it hoped the plane could land at Heathrow if flight restrictions for southern England were lifted later .
If not , the aircraft will land in Scotland or at another European destination .
1011 Brian Flynn of Eurocontrol , which regulates Europe 's airspace , offers crumbs of comfort among all the doom and gloom .
He says 75 % of the land mass of Europe is open , which will allows about 50 - 60 % of the flights to operate .
He adds : " The outlook is optimistic that bit by bit , hopefully in a few days ' time , the situation will be restored to normal movement of air passengers in Europe . "
0959 A BBC correspondent at Frankfurt airport says that of the 100 flights scheduled to take off from there in the next few hours , all but five have now been cancelled .
0954 A BBC reporter confirms that the first flight landed at Newcastle Airport from Aberdeen at 0939 .
0944 The EU Commissioner for Transport , Siim Kallas , has denied that European transport ministers took too long to respond to the ash crisis .
Mr Kallas was responding to criticism that ministers took five days to hold a video conference to decide on action to handle the situation .
Speaking before MEPs at the European Parliament in Strasbourg , Mr Kallas said : " Safety is and remains our fundamental concern . "
0938 Prime Minister Gordon Brown says " it 's important that everybody knows that if they can get to a Channel port we can get them across from Europe to the United Kingdom " .
0928 More bad news , unfortunately - Northern Ireland airspace is to be closed from 1300 to 1900 , and the airspace around Glasgow Airport will close from 1300 " until further notice " following more advice from Nats .
0917 Just as you are digesting that latest Nats bulletin , bear in mind that it also adds the caveat of how the situation is " likely to change during the course of the day " .
Its next statement will be due at about 1500 .
Meanwhile , the global effects of the volcano 's continued rumblings goes on - Nissan will suspend some production of vehicles in Japan because it is unable to import air pressure sensors from Ireland , due to the lack of air travel in Europe , according to a spokesman .
0909 A Nats statement says the situation will " continue to be variable " .
Part of Scottish airspace including Aberdeen , Inverness and Edinburgh airports will continue to be available from 1300 to 1900 , and also south to Newcastle Airport .
Restrictions will remain in place over the rest of UK airspace below 20,000 ft .
It also says that aircraft will be able to pass above 20,000 ft in UK airspace from 1300 to 1900 .
0859 Another day is under way and thousands of people are still trying to make their way home without flying through the cloud of volcanic ash .
The latest news is that some flights are taking off in Scotland where airports have reopened .
However , there are fears of a new volcanic ash cloud spreading to the UK , which could cause yet more problems .
Nats is due to make another statement at about 0900 , so we 'll have their latest advice shortly .
Read Monday 's live coverage of the travel disruption
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thousands are reportedly kidnapped indefinitely in Pakistan because the government can’t meet the burden of proof required by its criminal justice system to prevent their freedom .
This discovery comes days after the discovery that hundreds of Sunni men targeted by the Iraqi government were kidnapped in sweeps that landed them into secret prisons where they were tortured for months .
The Obama Administration has , hypocritically , criticized their client states in public .
Al Jazeera English obtained interviews with two of the Iraqi men who said they were tortured to admit to crimes they had not committed ( 2:33 ) :
Thousands are reportedly kidnapped indefinitely in Pakistan because the government can’t meet the burden of proof required by its criminal justice system to prevent their freedom .
This discovery comes days after the discovery that hundreds of Sunni men targeted by the Iraqi government were kidnapped in sweeps that landed them into secret prisons where they were tortured for months .
Iraq
Hundreds of Sunnis in Iraq were detained and transferred to a “ secret Baghdad prison under the jurisdiction of Prime Minister Nouri Maliki ’s military office ” , Ned Parker reported at the Los Angeles Times ( LAT ) Monday .
The details of the torture range from stress positions to sodomy to direct physical life threatening acts of suffocation have been confirmed by a memo to the U.S. Embassy and the Iraq Human Rights Ministry [ emphasis added ] .
Commanders initially resisted efforts to inspect the prison but relented and allowed visits by two teams of inspectors , including Human Rights Minister Wijdan Salim .
Inspectors said they found that the 431 prisoners had been subjected to appalling conditions and quoted prisoners as saying that one of them , a former colonel in President Saddam Hussein ’s army , had died in January as a result of torture .
“ More than 100 were tortured .
There were a lot of marks on their bodies , ” said an Iraqi official familiar with the inspections .
“ They beat people , they used electricity .
They suffocated them with plastic bags , and different methods . ”
An internal U.S. Embassy report quotes Salim as saying that prisoners had told her they were handcuffed for three to four hours at a time in stress positions or sodomized .
“ One prisoner told her that he had been raped on a daily basis , another showed her his undergarments , which were entirely bloodstained , ” the memo reads .
Some described guards extorting as much as $ 1,000 from prisoners who wanted to phone their families , the memo said … .
The controversy over the secret prison , located at the Old Muthanna airport in west Baghdad , has also pushed Maliki to begin relinquishing control of two other detention facilities at Camp Honor , a base in Baghdad ’s Green Zone .
The base belongs to the Baghdad Brigade and the Counter - Terrorism Force , elite units that report to the prime minister and are responsible for holding high - level suspects … .
According to the U.S. Embassy report and interviews with Iraqi officials , two separate investigative committees questioned the detainees and abused them .
During the day , there were interrogators from the Iraqi judiciary .
In the late afternoon they came from the Baghdad Brigade .
The embassy report says that at least four of the investigators from the Baghdad Brigade are believed to have been indicted for torture in 2006 .
The charges against them at the time included selling Sunni Arab detainees held at a national police facility to Shiite militias to be killed .
The prison was discovered in March after families had been searching for missing relatives since October .
The government has since vowed to shut the prison down and released 75 captives , while transferring 275 others to “ regular jails ”
Pakistan
“ The Pakistani military is holding thousands of suspected militants in indefinite detention , arguing that the nation ’s dysfunctional civilian justice system cannot be trusted to prevent them from walking free , according to U.S. and Pakistani officials , ” Griff Witte and Karen DeYoung reported at The Washington Post ( WaPo ) , Thursday .
The “ majority ” of captives have been kidnapped for “ nearly a year ” and are “ allowed no contact with family members , lawyers or humanitarian groups ” , Paki officials and human rights advocates said .
Because there is “ little forensic evidence in most cases ” and “ witnesses are likely to be too scared to testify ” , Pak officials excuse the prolonged , indefinite detention policy .
They add the excuses of a court system that is “ overburdened ” and “ not up to the task of handling such a large volume of complex terrorism cases ” .
Translation : whether people are set free or convicted , the lack of evidence presented will be great anti-government propaganda and the image of the State is the categorical imperative of governance .
U.S. officials estimate , with little dispute from the Pak government , that 2,500 people are being “ held in special military detention centers across the region , though the exact locations have not been made public ” .
The International Committee of the Red Cross has been denied access to the prisoners since last year .
“ U.S. officials say they worry that the detentions will further inflame the Pakistani public at a time when the government here needs popular support for its offensives , ” the WaPo reports .
Translation : if the Pakis were better pacified and desensitized , their support would validate the human rights abuses of unscrutinized kidnapping for indefinite amounts of time .
This is the Realpolitik behind the counterinsurgency narrative of “ winning hearts and minds ” .
The goal is not be worth of winning hearts and minds , but to gain approval by any means most efficient .
Force and fear are the quickest fixes if you can externalize the blowback away from the power centers .
Life Imitates Art
There ’s the global meme of America as a beacon of democracy .
The fact of the matter is that other countries always measure up their violence , threats of violence , censorship , corruption , foreign policy to that of the United States .
Selling to the people within those territories that its government is ‘ progressing ’ in the direction of ‘ The West ’ manufactures consent .
Glenn Greenwald at Salon replies to what he pejoratively calls the “ Obama Administration ’s righteous stance against indefinite detention ” with these bits of reporting since the president was inaugu - coronated [ emphasis added by Mr. Greenwald on all media quotes ] :
via National Public Radio – 26 June 2009 :
Ever since President Obama proposed holding terrorism detainees without trial , the debate over preventive detention has been growing .
Now , NPR has the first look at a detailed legislative proposal to hold detainees indefinitely .
. . .
In a speech last month at the National Archives , President Obama opened the door to the possibility that some terrorism detainees will neither be tried nor released .
via The New York Times ( NYT ) – 22 May 2009 :
President Obama ’s proposal for a new legal system in which terrorism suspects could be held in “ prolonged detention ” inside the United States without trial would be a departure from the way this country sees itself . . .
Mr. Obama chose to call his proposal “ prolonged detention , ” which made it sound more reassuring than some of its more familiar names .
In some countries , it is called “ administrative detention , ” a designation with a slightly totalitarian ring .
Some of its proponents call it “ indefinite detention , ” which evokes the Bush administration ’s position that Guantánamo detainees could be held until the end of the war on terror — perhaps for the rest of their lives — even if acquitted in war crimes trials .
via Associated Press – 20 Feb 2009 :
The Obama administration , siding with the Bush White House , contended Friday that detainees in Afghanistan have no constitutional rights .
In a two - sentence court filing , the Justice Department said it agreed that detainees at Bagram Airfield cannot use U.S. courts to challenge their detention .
The filing shocked human rights attorneys .
via the NYT – 10 Apr 2009 :
The Obama administration said Friday that it would appeal a district court ruling that granted some military prisoners in Afghanistan the right to file lawsuits seeking their release .
The decision signaled that the administration was not backing down in its effort to maintain the power to imprison terrorism suspects for extended periods without judicial oversight .
via the NYT editorial page – 17 Jan 17 , 2010 :
We keep waiting — in vain — for the Obama administration to stop trying to block judicial scrutiny of some of the Bush administration ’s most outrageous policies on the detention of prisoners .
Most recently , Neal Katyal , a deputy solicitor general , tried to persuade a three - judge federal appeals court panel to deny hearings to a group of prisoners who have been held under harsh conditions without adequate review for more than six years .
Their prison — at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan — is a much larger version of the Guantánamo Bay prison that President Obama has ordered closed .
via the WaPo – 22 Jan 2010 :
A Justice Department - led task force has concluded that nearly 50 of the 196 detainees at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , should be held indefinitely without trial under the laws of war , according to Obama administration officials .
The task force ’s findings represent the first time that the administration has clarified how many detainees it considers too dangerous to release but unprosecutable because officials fear trials could compromise intelligence - gathering and because detainees could challenge evidence obtained through coercion .
via the LAT – 21 Mar 2010 :
The White House is considering whether to detain international terrorism suspects at a U.S. military base in Afghanistan , senior U.S. officials said , an option that would lead to another prison with the same purpose as Guantanamo Bay , which it has promised to close … .
[ A ] ny suspected terrorist held inside the U.S. would probably have the right to challenge his detention in federal courts .
Bagram , for now , is outside the reach of U.S. courts .
To which Mr. Greenwald adequately comments :
Let ’s teach those Pakistanis that we ’re not going to tolerate their lawless and tyrannical detention of people without charges and trials .
We wo n’t put up with it .
Especially not when it ’s “ justified ” with the Orwellian claim that their real civilian courts can’t handle the prosecutions and they ’re “ afraid ” that Dangerous Terrorists might be released if they give them due process because they ’re unprosecutable .
Kudos to the Obama administration for teaching them that countries that live under the Rule of Law simply do n’t deny people trials based on such excuses .
It ’d be one thing if they were assassinating these people without any charges or trials — that , of course , would be understandable — but not detaining them .
We ’re the Leader of the Free World and we simply ca n’t be seen associating with or supporting regimes that would do such a thing .
Besides , unlike the U.S. , it ’s not like Pakistan really faces an Existential Threat from Islamic radicals or anything , so ( unlike us ) they really have no acceptable excuse for doing these things .
One U.S. Congressman is taking steps against the Administration ’s authorization to sidestep the pesky criminal ‘ justice ’ system to assassinate American citizens .
Just strip the accused of citizenship before the extrajudicial assassination ….
FOX News reported yesterday that Rep. Charles Dent ( R - PA ) is moving to do just that to boogeyman - of - the minute Anwar al - Awlaki ( 2:27 ) :
“ The reasons for Awlaki ’s impending assassination are vague , to say the least , ” Jason Ditz wrote at AntiWar News , this month . ”
Though officials have repeatedly accused Awlaki of being ‘ in al - Qa’ida , ’ he is not currently accused of any crimes and the only specific accusation against him is that he has criticized U.S. foreign policy , and that this has made it easier for al - Qa’ida to recruit . ”
How dare a private U.S. citizen possibly have “ made it easier for al - Qa’ida to recruit ” .
That ’s the U.S. government ’s fuckin’ job !
Perpetual war being in the U.S. government ’s interests .
The mainstream ‘ right and left ‘ together again in unholy matrimony prosecuting the thoughtcrime of sedition .
We knew the separation would n’t long .
Everyone likes you , Tim .
But they 're not sure you know what you 're doing .
Another senior AOL content executive -- Mike Porath , editor of AOL News -- is leaving the company .
Mike 's departure follows on the heels of the exits of Bill Wilson , head of the whole content division , and Mike Rich , who ran AOL Music , Moviefone , et al .
Bill Wilson got canned , but the other departures appear to have been voluntary .
In the case of Mike Porath , moreover , uncertainty over AOL 's future content direction contributed to the decision .
These departures increase the uncertainty inside the content division , which insiders say is causing concern and confusion among the troops .
The root of the problem , say insiders , is that AOL 's senior management has not yet articulated a clear content strategy , one in which they explain how all the parts will fit together .
CEO Tim Armstrong has expressed a strong desire to turn AOL into the Time , Inc. of the 21st Century - - a content production engine with great premium brands , super search - engine - optimization , a booming local news business , and a revolutionary freelance assignment and management tool that will give voice to thousands of aspiring journalists around the world .
Tim has spoken often of AOL 's commitment to journalistic excellence as well as its commitment to finally figuring out the sustainable low - cost online content - production and distribution model that is eluding most traditional media companies .
And that sounds good .
Insiders believe that Tim 's heart is in the right place .
They also believe that AOL may eventually be able to cobble its myriad divisions and properties and strategies into a more unified whole .
But there 's a huge gap between theory and execution , and right now , AOL 's content strategy is a mess .
Saul Hansell : Wait , who am I reporting to this week ?
The recent executive departures , for example , leave Saul Hansell , head of AOL 's content - farm Seed.com , sort of reporting to Dave Mason , the head of a video production company called StudioNow that AOL bought a few months ago .
Neither Dave nor Saul have control over AOL 's premium sites , which is where much of the content that Seed and StudioNow produce will presumably appear .
The Seed.com content - farm model , meanwhile , is currently only facilitating one aspect of freelance content production , which is advertising assignments and collecting copy .
To figure out what assignments to post on Seed , Seed folks have to liaise with the editors of AOL 's premium sites , who do n't really know how to interact with them .
For the copy to actually appear on AOL pages , meanwhile , it needs to be edited , and the editors of AOL 's premium sites are currently having to edit it by hand .
AOL 's South by Southwest experiment , for example , in which the company set out to interview each of 2,000 rock bands , produced a boatload of copy that the editors of AOL 's premium music sites are said to have worked all hours to edit and post over the course of a week .
Editing is a big part of the cost of quality content production , so if Seed.com contributors need to be heavily edited , the " low cost " aspect of the production engine wo n't work .
Then , to make matters worse , Tim Armstrong was quoted as suggesting that the SXSW effort was evidence of AOL 's ingrained mediocrity , one in which he had had to personally intervene at the 11th hour to fix .
The article apparently caused enough consternation internally that Tim had to hastily call a meeting to tell the troops that he had been misquoted .
Hi there !
I 'm a Patch editor .
I 'm the future of AOL !
I think .
The central tension within the content division seems to be the lack of a clearly articulated strategy .
AOLers are not clear whether AOL's Google management intends to pursue a Demand - Media - like content farming strategy , in which editors and writers are perceived as annoyingly - high costs , or a premium content strategy , in which editors and writers are viewed as rare and valuable talent who can build big standalone brands .
If AOL 's strategy is the latter , the question is how Seed.com , Patch.com , StudioNow , and AOL 's other new content production initiatives will fit into it .
At branded publications , editors rule :
They assign stories , edit copy , and decide what goes where .
One can certainly envision editors using Seed in the normal course of business ( as a freelancer - management tool ) , but it 's not clear where this would leave Saul Hansell , a career New York Times veteran who presumably did n't join AOL to run a back - room payment - and - assignment operation .
If Seed , Patch , et al , are the primary engine of AOL 's content strategy , on the other hand , where does this leave the expensive editors and writers who are working to develop brands like Fanhouse , Spinner , Engadget , Daily Finance , and other premium properties ?
If AOL 's goal is to spew out thousands of pages of SEO - able content each day -- and if AOL 's premium advertisers can be persuaded to buy mass - produced dreck for the same prices they pay to buy premium content -- why bother to have expensive ( and no doubt temperamental ) writers and editors on the payroll ?
Why not be , well , more Google - like about it , fire all the content people , and just invest in algorithms ?
And then there 's the larger problem : Tim and AOL 's senior management have yet to make hard decisions about what to keep and what to dump .
AOL is still a grab - bag of mostly unrelated businesses : Mail , MapQuest , ICQ , AIM , blogs , News , Finance , an ad network , a social network , a local news business , a content farm , an ISP , and a portal -- all assembled in the service of an ancient online business model that no longer exists .
Lack of focus is still a major problem at AOL , and if the company does n't sharpen its focus quickly , it will continue to be a jack of all trades and a master of none .
AOL does appear to have an opportunity to create the Time , Inc. for the 21st Century .
The tools , building blocks , and scale are there .
But it 's not going to happen without a very clear strategy , one in which each part knows exactly what its role is in the supporting the whole -- and in which everything that does n't support that strategy is closed or sold .
Until that strategy is in place , AOLers ( and investors ) will remain uncertain and confused .
And AOL will continue to piss away talent , traffic , and opportunity .
Meet the Googlers running AOL →
Watch the video in HD at Vimeo or YouTube [ Editor ’s Note : Removed YouTube link after the video was removed because of our use of Sony Music ’s background music .
Go pirate some Sony music ! ]
[ Editor ’s Note :
If you have any interest in having the actual photos uploaded , let us know in the comments . ]
South Korean officials say an external blast sank the navy ship
An " external explosion " probably sank the South Korean naval vessel which went down near North Korean waters last month , an investigator says .
" The possibility of an external explosion is far higher than that of an internal explosion , " Yoon Duk - yong told a news conference in Seoul .
He was speaking a day after the stern section of the ship was raised from the seabed .
Fifty - eight crew survived , but more than 40 sailors died .
Salvage workers found 36 bodies in the shattered hull of the Cheonan , a 1,200 - tonne navy gunboat , which sank in mysterious circumstances three weeks ago .
Two more bodies were recovered earlier , and another eight sailors remain unaccounted for .
The bow section of the vessel is due to be raised in about 10 days ' time .
' Fair probe '
The Cheonan sank close to the sea border which marks North and South Korean territorial waters .
South Korean officials have previously suggested two possibilities for the blast .
They say the ship could have struck an old mine left over from the 1950 - 1953 Korean War , or it could have been sunk by a torpedo fired by North Korea .
" The remaining task is to find the cause of the incident through a scientific and fair probe , " said Prime Minister Chung Un-chan .
North Korea has made no official comment on the incident , which comes at a time of tensions between the two nations .
It does not accept the maritime border , known as the Northern Limit Line , which was drawn unilaterally by the US - led United Nations Command at the end of the Korean War .
The sea border has been the scene of deadly clashes between the navies of the two Koreas in the past .
What kind of girl do you think she is ?
A former stripper at the Penthouse Executive Club is suing for “ emotional distress ” over a billboard that portrays as a stripper – for Scores .
In papers filed in Manhattan Supreme Court , Nicole Hughes says she was put in the compromising position after she was forced to take part in a photo shoot for Penthouse while working there between 2007 and last year .
“ They told her if she did n’t do it , she ’d be fired , ” said Hughes lawyer , Matthew Blit .
She was also pressured into signing a release and told she ’d be paid a whopping $ 4 , but was assured “ her pictures would only be used by ‘ Penthouse ’ and affiliated with the ‘ Penthouse ’ name , ” the suit says .
The busty beauty tried to forget about the incident – but she got two big reminders this past November .
“ I was riding in the back of a taxi minding my business , looking out the window , and boom , there I am , massive in my underwear on a billboard for Scores !
I about fell out of my seat , ” she said .
“ I was so upset that I called my mom and then , boom , another one ! ”
The Levine & Blit lawyer said his client had tried to keep her dancing life private , but now “ it was in the open for everyone to see – friends , family , everyone . ”
“ It ’s a lot different dancing in the privacy of a club than seeing yourself plastered all over huge billboards , ” Hughes explained .
“ I just felt so betrayed .
How could they do all that and not tell me ? ” she said .
She complained to club management , but they told her they could do whatever they wanted with pix .
“ I ultimately decided to leave the club because I felt so betrayed .
Penthouse was a different image than Scores , ” she said .
“ She thought Penthouse was more reputable , ” Blit added .
The suit seeks unspecified money damages for Hughes ’ “ mental anguish , emotional distress , humiliation and loss of reputation . ”
It also says Penthouse never paid her the four bucks for the shoot .
A woman who answered the phone at Penthouse – which is owned by the same person who owns the celebrity haunt Scores – declined comment .
Hughes said she ’s “ decided to get out of that world altogether , ” and is now living in Florida , where she ’s “ throwing myself into my art and will most likely attend college in the fall . ”
ZOMG did you hear what Mike Huckabee said about homosexuals ?
Oh .
That ’s old news ?
Well Rosie O’Donnell , on her Sirius radio show , invited Mr. Huckabee on the program to talk about … losing and gaining weight .
Which was an awesome segue to talk about gays and children !
( Cue to around the 5:00 mark for the relevant piece )
It ’s really remarkable to listen to Huckabee speak out of both sides of his mouth , saying how he does n’t judge gay people on their parenting skills , while at the same time supporting bans on gays adopting , but then saying the whole thing was n’t his idea , so why should he be blamed , but then getting all vague about whether gays make good families , and then saying he wo n’t judge anybody — which is precisely what he is doing .
Like most bigots , Huckabee grounds his prejudice in faith , and says in one breath that he does n’t try to impose his beliefs on anyone else , but then pushes those beliefs via policy making .
Snaps to Rosie for keeping the conversation civil and letting Huckabee continue digging his own hypocritical grave .
( CNN ) -- BP plans to continue using a controversial subsea dispersant to break up a plume of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico , saying that the leading alternative could pose a risk over the long term , the EPA indicated Saturday .
The EPA issued a directive on Thursday , ordering BP to find , within 24 hours , a less toxic but equally effective chemical than its current product , Corexit 9500 -- and one that is available in sufficient quantities .
The directive also gave the company 72 hours to stop applying it to the undersea gusher .
Corexit has been rated more toxic and less effective than many others on the list of 18 EPA - approved dispersants , according to testimony at a congressional hearing Wednesday .
The EPA released BP 's response to the mandate on Saturday .
The response , which BP submitted late Thursday night , said that the oil company identified the only other effective , less toxic alternative available in mass quantities as Sea Brat 4 .
However , BP said the Sea Brat product " contains a small amount of a chemical that may degrade to a nonylphenol . "
Nonylphenol is an organic chemical that is toxic to aquatic life and may persist in the environment for years .
Corexit , however , " does not contain chemicals that degrade into NP [ and ] the manufacturer indicates that Corexit reaches its maximum biodegradeablility within 28 days of application " and does not persist in the environment , BP 's response said .
" Based on the information that is available today , BP continues to believe that Corexit was the best and most appropriate choice at the time when the incident occurred , and that Corexit remains the best option for subsea application , " BP said .
Despite the continuing use of Corexit , BP is not in violation of the EPA directive , which said that should the company not be able to identify alternative products , " BP shall provide ... a detailed description of the products investigated [ and ] the reason the products did not meet the standards " required by the agency .
" We will continue to review and discuss the science through the end of the 72 - hour window on Sunday , and then we will reach a decision , " an EPA spokesman said Saturday .
John Sheffield , president of Alabaster Corp. , which manufactures Sea Brat , took issue with BP 's response , saying Saturday that the company is " nitpicking my product because they want to use what they 've always used . "
Sheffield told CNN that he discussed the nonylphenol issue with EPA officials earlier this week , saying the chemical makes up less than 1 percent of the Sea Brat dispersant .
" I 've already diffused this issue with the EPA , " he said , adding the agency " accepted that response days ago . "
The EPA has not yet publicly issued a formal response to BP 's letter .
EPA officials met with BP executives on Friday to discuss the issue and to explore alternatives .
The EPA said Saturday that it " will continue to work over the next 48 hours to ensure BP is complying with the directive , " but did not respond to requests for additional comment .
Meanwhile , the Department of Homeland Security announced Saturday that Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano will lead a bipartisan Senate delegation to inspect the Louisiana coastline after globs of thick , heavy oil began washing into some of the state 's marshlands this week .
The delegation will meet with federal officials and BP representatives to discuss the ongoing response efforts .
CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .
Creating Atmosphere In Dead To Rights : Retribution 's Grant City
By Aaron Allport , Ian Pestridge , Bob Cheshire
[ How can visual art create meaning in games , and what techniques will serve best ?
UK Blitz subsidiary Volatile Games ' art team -- the people behind Dead to Rights : Retribution 's neo -noir Grant City -- attempts to answer these questions . ]
A great game experience is all about emotion , communicated to the player via the characters and the environment .
To achieve this , the player must be completely immersed in that environment , in the game world .
In this article we discuss some of the artistic techniques that we used in Dead to Rights : Retribution ( published by Namco Bandai Games ) to hopefully achieve that immersion and the emotions that we wanted the player to experience .
We wanted the art direction of the game [ YouTube trailer ] to be very much a stylish dystopia , based broadly on film noir and neo noir .
This took in concepts such as Fritz Lang 's Metropolis as well as German Expressionism ( heavily influential in the visual development of original film noir ) , and architectural styles from Beaux Arts , Neo-Gothic and Structural Expressionism .
Throughout the visual development of Grant City it was , in essence , its back story that gave it direction and form .
Once a great and successful city built on the back of heavy industry , it is now on its social and economic knees ; to reflect this we see the city in its rusting , oxidised iron palette and the crumbling , defaced surfaces of Art Deco architecture ( itself a design style that exuded opulence ) .
This theme of a dead , or at least dying , city infested by corruption resurfaced in a number of ways .
The concept for the Temple Tower was the modern glass tower thrusting up out of the older , hollowed - out , Deco building like some hideous parasite ; there are still the remnants of elegant Deco references all over the first floor .
The GAC in the stadium picks up on the necrotic theme , where the stadium appears like the ribcage of a dead carcass , and it recurs again in the old hospital on Danvers Island , a " dead " building inhabited by the parasitic GAC .
Metropolis suggested the exaggerated scale , as well as visually explores the juxtaposition of the haves and the have - nots , a theme to which Dead to Rights : Retribution returns to through the game .
From artists such as Edvard Munch , as well as films like Nosferatu , we took the bold use of shadow and strong contrasts between light and dark , which we found again in the work of relatively more recent painters such as Edward Hopper .
The texture theme is strong throughout ; worn with neglect , architecture which was once proud but is now fallen , with earthy , rusty , industrial colors desaturated as though from weariness .
A lot of time was spent researching the buildings and structures that would make up Grant City .
We pored over a large number of iconic buildings and structures found in major US cities and shortlisted the most appropriate examples .
From other reference materials we took particular styles of architecture ; once we felt we had gained a greater understanding of what it was that appealed to us about those particular styles , we applied that to create the foundations for a " Grant City architectural style " , out of which grew the city 's great buildings .
The architectural styles mentioned above provided the base upon which we then built and exaggerated the rarer principles of Iron Gothic and Dark Deco ; this gave a feel of cinematic reality and provided a unique visual , one that has a basis in reality -- but with a twist .
For example , the structure in the docks area was drawn originally from a well - known existing bridge in New York ; by adding more struts and stanchions we created more negative space , making it more open than its actual , very dense , silhouette .
Altering the form in this broadly suggests and calls on players ' knowledge or memories of cities like New York or Chicago , drawing upon their known industrial heritage without tying the game to those specific cities .
That heritage was again underscored by the warehouses ' rusting iron corners and footings .
We wanted the player to know instinctively , wherever they were in the game , that they were in Grant City , and that it was a metaphor -- in the same way that in a Batman comic every panel is instantly recognizable as Gotham City .
That was the strength of identity at which we were aiming .
Having a film noir / neo noir - inspired script style gave us a definite starting point with regards to the lighting and atmosphere of the concept work .
The whole atmosphere of the city , from the weather to the lighting ( or in our case the light and shadow ) , was at the forefront of our mind when tackling the various locations and scenes .
Low - key chiaroscuro with stark , dramatic lighting effects , mixed with torrential rain , freezing fog , or drifting snow overlaid on an architecturally rich city was exactly where we wanted to be .
So with all this in mind we began to consider the techniques we could use to achieve the very strong look , feel and experience that we wanted .
In one respect at least , games are like TV , film and paintings : they are framed experiences .
In film it is comparatively easy for the director to achieve the tone they want , to call forth a particular emotional response , using a combination of lighting , color , audio , camera angles and so on in addition to the acting of the characters .
It is obviously harder to do this in a game ( other than in cutscenes ) because the player is in this respect the director ; they have the choice and the control over how to move through this environment .
The trick then becomes how you maintain the player 's freedom to explore the world while still creating -- framing -- the experience you want them to have .
To do this , the game artists drew on techniques used by traditional artists for hundreds of years : compositional theory and tools like the Fibonacci sequence , positive and negative space , the balance of light and dark , vertical and horizontal intersections and colour were all used to express mood , direct the player 's attention and support the story and the characters .
Lighting is always crucial ; we found that getting a given level or room lit as early as possible was really important , preferably before the textures were applied .
A useful technique was to " wash " the scene with a base texture in the correct palette and use that as the basis of the lighting .
Detail could be applied later , once the light and shadow were established .
Many people will be familiar with the use of a strong , bright or intense light source to indicate to the player the location of the exit from a given scene or level -- this is a basic game design tool .
Different benefits can be gained by using multiple sources , for example to entertain them by giving them lots to look at and to make the player examine the scene more closely .
This can have the effect of slowing the player up for a while , without physically impeding their progress , both by giving them elements to study but also by adding a little confusion so that the exit or the next stage of the level is not immediately evident .
Clearly this has to be handled carefully , as the intention is not to over - confuse or frustrate the player , but it can encourage them to explore an area more thoroughly than they might otherwise have done .
Lighting can also be used to subconsciously suggest or reinforce themes within the game ; certain views in the concept art and within the game hint at a " them and us " dichotomy by highlighting two different elements within the one view .
For example , you might have Jack and Shadow in the lower third of the frame , spot - lit against rising shadows , and in the top third another highlight throwing a particular piece of architecture such as a tower into sharp relief .
As well as being an arresting view , this would symbolize the overarching power of the corruption against which Jack is fighting .
Throughout the game we tried to show conflict in the very environment -- the old and the new , the natural and the synthetic .
Manmade geometry can include interesting shapes and forms which showcase the complexity of the model work , while more organic forms offset this and showcase a complementary set of skills .
Strong geometric shapes combined with dramatic lighting , such as those found in Edward Hopper 's paintings , can be used to create powerful emotional currents .
Using heavy blocks of light and shadow to create a diagonal slash across a scene of tense dialogue heightens the sense of discomfort and unease within the scene .
As with some shots in original noir films , the best lighting for the scene need not be restricted by the sources available -- one of our cut - scenes has only a small table lamp visible whereas the scene is actually lit by a key light that has been positioned above the ceiling fan to provide a tight pool of light and a dynamic high contrast shadow .
In several instances we used light and shadow to subconsciously suggest the characters ' underlying morality ; so early on in the game , two of the main characters both appear moving from the shadows into the light , hinting ( at the very least ) at a definite moral ambiguity in both their temperaments .
Other characters are seen predominantly in the shadows , broadly suggesting that they are morally negative as well .
This sort of " black hat / white hat " signaling was not only widely used in film noir , but was frequently utilized by painters as long ago as the Renaissance .
Throughout film history this technique has been used to introduce main characters in shadow to infer that moral ambiguity or sense of being " in the dark " in some way .
A modern example might be Strider in Lord of the Rings , but the mother in The Exorcist spends an entire scene in a doctor 's surgery in silhouette as she scrambles for a reason why her daughter is so " ill " , and going further back , in Citizen Kane the reporter Thomas is depicted in shadow throughout the movie as he searches to find out about Kane .
Lighting and color work together to allow us to vary the temperature of a scene .
In the scene where Jack is sitting alone in the bar , the warmth of the Tiffany lamp inside the room contrasts with the frosty chill outside .
Jack seems to belong more to the cold than to the warmth , subtly emphasizing the recent events of the narrative .
The division places him " out in the cold " , in shadow ; this describes where he is at this stage of the game in terms of his relationship with Faith , where he is with his own police force , and of course with the GAC .
Once again strong geometric shapes are used , wedges of light and shadow bisecting the shot to give a powerful noir feel .
This scene drew heavily on inspiration from the paintings of both Edvard Munch and Edward Hopper , in particular Nighthawks .
( As a final homage to that painting , our bar is called Phillies . )
This is also a good example of where the final in - game shot was really close to the original concept :
This image also serves as another example of how approaching particular visual aspects of a shot achieves the best cinematic result : initially there was a high reflection value on the glass , which while technically correct and visually appealing , meant we lost a lot of the essential exterior scene detail .
By adjusting the reflection value , the desired visual narrative was achieved .
The lighting , the colors and the composition ( where Jack is placed relative to the rest of the scene ) all serve to isolate Jack in that scene and this technique is used at various points during the game , and with various characters , to underscore or reinforce the narrative .
The attitude of the camera is also an extremely useful technique , just as it is in film , and we used this extensively in Dead to Rights : Retribution .
Foreshadowing is one very effective use , where exactly the same composition is used with two different characters at different times to suggest to the player that the fate that befell the first character they see in this position might happen to the subsequent character .
For example , a character is seen dying in a certain position and from a certain angle ; later on another character is seen in the same position and from the same angle , which immediately -- if subconsciously -- gets the player wondering if the same outcome will occur .
Similarly , the camera can be used to subtly align the player 's sympathies with one or another character .
We utilized this in a cutscene with Jack and Faith ; at the start of the scene the camera , and the player 's viewpoint , is literally in Faith 's face -- Jack and the player are as one .
As she reasons with him , calming him down , the camera tracks round to her point of view , putting the player in Faith 's shoes rather than Jack's , and stays there .
The scene thus ends with Jack effectively isolated once again .
An excellent painterly example of the camera attitude technique can be seen in Edward Hopper 's Night Window where the viewer is cast , willingly or not , as a voyeur .
The attitude of the camera plays an important role in each of the major cutscenes in the game , so in the bar scene for example the camera definitely belongs to Jack as we need to identify with him .
This is not just about sharing his point of view , but about using the camera 's position to empower , weaken , create intimacy or create a sense of detachment throughout the scenes to subtly communicate with and influence the audience .
We 've already mentioned a couple of instances where the game overrides the realistic use of lighting , for example , for aesthetic or practical reasons .
Of course , games do this all the time , for whatever reason , but it 's always worth looking at scenes or shots to see if they can be improved by this sort of intervention .
Another example of this , in this case to help the player , can be seen in this image below , of Jack approaching the stadium .
In reality , the contrast value would be the same throughout the scene , but we chose to lessen it over distance so that the lower contrast value helps the player to read the depth of the scene .
This also illustrates the use of negative space ; the arm of the monstrous digger curves above the player , framing the entrance towards which they are heading .
Lastly , we see the use of color to intensify the otherwise virtually monochromatic palette , something that can be seen in the shot below , where the spots of intense red also signify that the player is heading rapidly into danger , and which is also used widely in the Sewers area of the game .
The Sewers area intentionally owes much to the classic film The Third Man ; the below scene is almost an exact recreation of a shot from the film , using the same long black shadows and placed silhouettes against the harsh , contrasting white , with the red of the blood spatter standing in for the red of danger and intensity .
We wanted to give the sewers a very similar feel to the Third Man sewer scenes , but make them bigger , grander , more Grant City , and we feel we succeeded well in this instance .
In the development of any game there will always be things that are n't quite achieved to the original concepts ; in Dead to Rights : Retribution we would have liked to have made our Gothic architecture even taller , even more exaggerated , but as ever a balance had to be struck between aesthetic desire and production constraints .
Overall though , we are very happy with Grant City ; from the very start it was the team 's ambition to fully immerse the player in a truly believable neo - noir dystopia , a decaying metropolis in its autumn years , reflected in its rain - soaked rusting industrial architecture and its sorrowful statues .
We hope this is what our players get to experience .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
In 2001 , Charles Krauthammer first coined the phrase " Bush Doctrine " , which would later become associated most significantly with the legal anomaly known as pre-emptive strike .
Understanding the doctrine with hindsight could lead to a further understanding of the legacy that the former administration left – the choice to place concerns of national security over even the most entrenched norms of due process and the rule of law .
It is , indeed , this doctrine that united people across the world in their condemnation of Guantánamo Bay .
The ambitious desire to close Guantánamo hailed the coming of a new era , a feeling implicitly recognised by the Nobel peace prize that President Obama received .
Unfortunately , what we witnessed was a false dawn .
The lawyers for the Guantánamo detainees with whom I am in touch in the US speak of their dismay as they prepare for Obama to do the one thing they never expected – to send the detainees back to the military commissions – a decision that will lose Obama all support he once had within the human rights community .
Worse still , a completely new trend has emerged that , in many ways , is more dangerous than the trends under Bush .
Extrajudicial killings and targeted assassinations will soon become the main point of contention that Obama 's administration will need to justify .
Although Bush was known for his support for such policies , the extensive use of drones under Obama have taken the death count well beyond anything that has been seen before .
Harold Koh , the legal adviser to the US state department , explained the justifications behind unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) when addressing the American Society of International Law 's annual meeting on 25 March 2010 :
" [ I ]t is the considered view of this administration … that targeting practices , including lethal operations conducted with the use of unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) , comply with all applicable law , including the laws of war …
As recent events have shown , al - Qaida has not abandoned its intent to attack the United States , and indeed continues to attack us .
Thus , in this ongoing armed conflict , the United States has the authority under international law , and the responsibility to its citizens , to use force , including lethal force , to defend itself , including by targeting persons such as high - level al Qaeda leaders who are planning attacks … [ T ] his administration has carefully reviewed the rules governing targeting operations to ensure that these operations are conducted consistently with law of war principles …
" [ S ] ome have argued that the use of lethal force against specific individuals fails to provide adequate process and thus constitutes unlawful extrajudicial killing .
But a state that is engaged in armed conflict or in legitimate self - defense is not required to provide targets with legal process before the state may use lethal force .
Our procedures and practices for identifying lawful targets are extremely robust , and advanced technologies have helped to make our targeting even more precise .
In my experience , the principles of distinction and proportionality that the United States applies are not just recited at meeting .
They are implemented rigorously throughout the planning and execution of lethal operations to ensure that such operations are conducted in accordance with all applicable law . "
The legal justifications put forward by Koh are reminiscent of the arguments that were used by John Yoo and others in their bid to lend legitimacy to unlawful practices such as rendition , arbitrary detention and torture .
The main cause for concern from Koh 's statements is the implication that protective jurisdiction to which the US feels it is entitled in order to carry out operations anywhere in the world still continues under Obama .
The laws of war do not allow for the targeting of individuals outside of the conflict zone , and yet we now find that extrajudicial killings are taking place in countries as far apart as Yemen , the Horn of Africa and Pakistan .
From a legal and moral perspective , the rationale provided by the State Department is bankrupt and only reinforces the stereotype that the US has very little concern for its own principles .
Despite the legalities of what is being conducted , the actuality of extrajudicial killings , especially through UAVs is frightening .
The recent revelations by WikiLeaks on the killing of civilians by US Apache helicopters in Iraq has strongly highlighted the opportunities for misuse surrounding targeting from the air .
In the Iraq case , there were soldiers who were supposed to be using the equipment to identify so - called combatants , and yet they still managed to catastrophically target the wrong people .
This situation is made even worse in the case of UAVs , where the operators are far removed from the reality of the conflict and rely on digital images to see what is taking place on the ground .
Conservative estimates from thinktanks such as the New American Foundation claim that civilian causalities from drone attacks are around one in three , although this figure is disputed by the Pakistani authorities .
According to Pakistani official statistics , every month an average of 58 civilians were killed during 2009 .
Of the 44 Predator drone attacks that year , only five targets were correctly identified ; the result was over 700 civilian casualties .
Regardless of the figures used , the case that extrajudicial killings are justified is extremely weak , and the number of civilian casualties is far too high to justify their continued use .
A further twist to the Obama Doctrine is the breaking of a taboo that the Bush administration balked at – the concept of treating US citizens outside of the US constitutional process .
During the Bush era , the treatment of detainees such as John Walker Lindh , Yasser Hamdi and Jose Padilla showed reluctance by officials to treat their own nationals in the way it had all those of other nationalities ( by , for instance , sending them to Guantánamo Bay and other secret prisons ) .
The policy of discrimination reserved for US citizens showed that there was a line the US was not willing to cross .
At least , today , we can strike discrimination off the list of grievances against the current president .
The National Security Council of the US has now given specific permission to the CIA to target certain US citizens as part of counter - terrorism operations .
Specifically , Anwar al - Awlaki has been singled out for such treatment , as it has been claimed that he was directly involved in the planning of the Major Hasan Nidal killings and the Christmas Day bomber attacks .
Indeed , it is claims such as this that bring the entire concept of targeted assassinations into question .
The US would like us to believe that we should simply trust that they have the relevant evidence and information to justify such a killing , without bringing the individual to account before a court .
The assumption that trust should be extended to a government that has involved itself in innumerable unlawful and unconscionable practices since the start of the war on terror is too much to ask .
Whatever goodwill the US government had after 9/11 was destroyed by the way in which it prosecuted its wars .
Further , the hope that came with the election of Barack Obama has faded as his policies have indicated nothing more than a reconfiguration of the basic tenet of the Bush Doctrine – that the US 's national security interests supersede any consideration of due process or the rule of law .
The only difference – witness the rising civilian body count from drone attacks – being that Obama 's doctrine is even more deadly .
Alexandra Kirk reported this story on Thursday , April 29 , 2010 12:10:00
ELEANOR HALL : The Prime Minister today launched a two - pronged attack on the cigarette industry .
Kevin Rudd wants Australia to be the first country in the world to enforce plain packaging on cigarettes with the brand name in small print and large graphic health warnings on the wrapper .
He 's giving the tobacco industry two years ' warning for that plan .
But more immediately from midnight tonight the Government is increasing the tobacco excise by 25 per cent or $ 1.80 for a packet of 25 cigarettes .
The Opposition says it supports anything that will reduce smoking rates .
But it says it wants proof that the measures will have an effect before endorsing them .
In Canberra , Alexandra Kirk reports .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : Kevin Rudd 's back on his favourite electioneering turf - health policy .
KEVIN RUDD : Cigarettes are not cool .
Cigarettes kill people .
Therefore the Government makes no apology whatsoever for what it 's doing .
ALEXANDRA KIRK :
In his latest health push the Prime Minister has launched a double headed assault on smoking .
From midnight tonight the Government is increasing the tobacco excise by 25 per cent .
It estimates that will add $ 1.80 to the price of a packet of 25 cigarettes or $ 2.16 to a pack of 30 .
Kevin Rudd says that should cut total tobacco consumption by about 6 per cent and cut the number of smokers by 87,000 .
KEVIN RUDD : This is a tough decision for the Government .
It wo n't win the Government any popularity .
The big tobacco companies will hate what we are doing .
The Government however makes no apology whatsoever for what it is doing .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : The Prime Minister says he had to reveal the excise hike today .
KEVIN RUDD :
The advice from the Australian Taxation Office that because of media speculation about the excise in recent days that there was real concern about changes in consumer behaviour and the importance of acting now .
ALEXANDRA KIRK :
And the Government wants to dismantle one of the last remaining avenues for cigarette advertising by cracking down on what 's allowed to appear on cigarette packets .
The brand will be in small font at the bottom with the rest of the pack dedicated to graphic health warnings .
That needs new laws and would apply from July 2012 .
KEVIN RUDD :
This will be the most hardline regime for cigarette packaging anywhere in the world for which we make no apology whatsoever .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : The Government is also promising hard hitting anti-smoking ad campaigns and restricting internet advertising of tobacco products in Australia .
The Opposition supports an excise hike .
That was one of its propositions in Malcolm Turnbull 's budget reply speech last year .
The Coalition says it has an open mind about plain packaging but says it wants to be sure it will reduce smoking rates before backing it .
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon says the Opposition should have no qualms in putting its hand up in support .
NICK XENOPHON : If this will reduce the rate of smoking , if it will mean fewer people ending up in our hospitals in years to come with emphysema and lung cancer and other associated diseases then it 's unambiguously a good thing .
And I guess my message , my free PR advice to the tobacco industry is if they think they 're unpopular now , if big tobacco thinks they 're unpopular now just wait ' til the public backlash if they decide to take this on in the courts .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : Victorian Premier John Brumby wants to see all the extra excise put to good use rather than going into the Commonwealth 's general revenue bucket .
JOHN BRUMBY :
It should all be if you like hypothecated into a preventative health fighting fund so that those who buy cigarettes can see where the tax is going and how it 's being used .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : And Kevin Rudd agrees .
The extra excise money - $ 5 billion over four years - will go directly into the National Health and Hospitals Network Fund to be invested in better health and hospitals for all .
That 's also the view of Senator Xenophon who suggests nicotine patches should be free to everyone seeking help to quit smoking .
NICK XENOPHON : Look I think an increase in the tax is inevitable and it's a good thing .
But I think it 's important that any increase in the tax you see the revenue hypothecated to measures such as nicotine replacement therapy , having extra resources for the Quit campaign .
I find it extraordinary in my home state and this may occur nationally , that they do n't have the funds at the moment to staff the Quit campaign hotline on Sundays and on public holidays because of wage costs .
Now I do n't think that 's reasonable given the revenue the Government already gets from tobacco excise .
ALEXANDRA KIRK : The Government maintains it's on firm legal ground to make plain packaging compulsory .
Greens Leader Bob Brown says if the tobacco industry launches a legal challenge against generic packaging the Commonwealth should launch a counter attack .
BOB BROWN : The tobacco companies are saying if this is going to be a cost to us , and it will be , we want $ 3 billion in compensation .
Okay well let 's have the tobacco companies compensating the Australian community the $ 30 billion , and this is 2005 figures , that tobacco smoking costs the Australian community .
Let 's apportion the cost to the tobacco companies according to their sales for the $ 30 billion impost on the wider community .
KEVIN RUDD : The Government will not be paying any compensation to any tobacco company anywhere - first point .
The second is tobacco companies are going to die in the ditch opposing this sort of packaging .
Now the big tobacco companies are going to go out there and whinge , whine , complain , consider every form of legal action known to man .
That 's par for the course .
We the Government will not be intimidated by any big tobacco company trying to get in the road of doing the right thing for the health of working families and the right thing also for long - term funding of our health and hospital system .
ELEANOR HALL : That 's the Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ending that report by Alexandra Kirk .
BRAMP , KS— A trio of posters depicting scantily clad women , hung recently in a Bramp State University dorm room , have been found to have " little to no effect " in facilitating the presence of actual naked women in that room , a Bramp State housing department study reports .
Thus far , Bramp State freshmen Chad Drubham and Kurt Beem have been unable to lure non-photographic naked women to Selham Hall West room 508 .
Advertisement
The posters , manufactured by alcoholic beverage companies as promotional items , were intended to establish a fun , party - like atmosphere , in which the presence of naked women would be suggested and encouraged .
But their actual effect was " minimal if not entirely nonexistent , " the study 's findings indicate .
" The thinking was that these posters would set a tone , " freshman Chad Drubham said .
" We enjoy beer here in Selham Hall West room 508 , and we share an equally enthusiastic interest in naked women .
We thought that by combining these two elements , these posters would establish not only a mood of beer - drinking fun , but also one of casual female nudity or semi-nudity . "
Advertisement
" Our idea was to create an environment in which nude or semi-nude women would find themselves comfortable and at ease , not only drinking beer , but also just being naked , " Drubham added .
" We also sort of hoped that they might have sex with us . "
" None of these things have happened , " Drubham added .
" It would appear that our conclusions were completely unfounded . "
Advertisement
The housing department report , compiled over the course of three weeks spent monitoring the dorm room and its immediate surroundings , categorically concluded that " there exists no measurable cause - and - effect relationship between the presence of the naked - women posters and the willingness of non-photographic human women to appear naked in or near that location . "
The study went on to report no notable relationship between the number of naked women in the room before and after the decision to acquire the posters , other than the fact that in both cases the number was zero .
Advertisement
" I ca n't understand it , " roommate and management studies major Kurt Beem said .
" We had it all planned out .
I just can't see where we went wrong .
Perhaps we need to know more about women in general , clothed and unclothed alike , before we can accurately affect and predict the behavior of the nude ones , specifically . "
In a surprising side note , the report did find the posters to have a marked impact on alcohol purchase , causing a notable rise in consumption of the product lines the posters advertised , and an upswing of as much as 35 percent in the case of the wine cooler that sponsored the largest - breasted model 's photo .
Advertisement
One reason for the initial enthusiasm in the posters project was the earlier success the roommates had had with other , differently themed posters .
" Everybody liked the Miller Lite poster and the Bud Dry neon sign , and they did in fact seem to be effective in facilitating a bar - like , drinking - oriented dorm interior , " Beem said .
Advertisement
" Similarly encouraging results seemed evident after our decision to display our ' Rockin ' USA ' poster ( depicting a guitar rocketing into the air with an American flag in the background ) , " Beem continued , noting that the poster had indeed made the place seem overall more " rockin ' . "
" Unfortunately , the technique does not seem to have any effect on glamorous , product - endorsing models , " Beem said .
" In fact , the only effect of the posters so far has been that we get real horned up when we look at them .
Jesus Christ Almighty , get a load of that rack .
Man ! "
As I look at it more and more , I have come to a belief that the resent HCR laws are the first step in a plan to go to a single payer , or at - cost public option health care system . " Then why not just do it the first time ? " you ask .
The answer is a two part-er .
First , the enemy is to strong ... right now anyway .
Pharma , insurance companies , ect , pumped tens of millions of dollars into the fight against a relatively weak health care bill , care to guess what these entities would have spent on a fight against a serious push for single payer ?
These corporations wield massive amounts of power and influence , as demonstrated by the recent SCOTUS decision in their favor as regards funding elections .
But also , I believe the current HCR laws are intentionally weak , in an effort to defeat these same enemies of universal health care .
I 'll explain in more detail further down why I believe this is the case .
Second , HCR provided a smoke screen for weakening the banking industry through stripping away the profits from student loans .
Over $ 60 billion dollars in profits will be stripped from the banking industry over the next ten years .
By attaching the student loan legislation to HCR , Democrats were able to get in a " preemptive strike " against the opponents of financial and banking reform , and through them , to the opponents of true health care reform .
As for " nationalizing " the student loans themselves ?
Well , they are FEDERAL Stafford loans are they not ?
Paid for with tax - payer dollars .
Why should private banks be making huge sums of money off our taxes ?
One could argue that the government is simply changing the administration of and release procedures for those loans .
It ca n't be argued that this change will not save money .
It can truly be said that this is a prime democratic example of being fiscally responsible , something lacking in our government during the Bu$hCo years .
If Republicans want to argue that these poor bankers wo n't be making even more money for processing and administering student loans , be my guess .
But I would n't recommend that tactic with struggling students when the result of this change is more pell grants , plus lower interest rates on the Stafford loans .
Same goes for the tens of thousands of seniors when they start receiving those $ 250.00 checks in the mail from the Medicare - D corrections in the new HCR law .
Good luck telling them to ignore those checks , give them back , and keep getting screwed at the pharmacy .
As far as the new HCR law itself .
At first I was NOT happy with it .
It 's a weak , crappy excuse of a health care reform law .
It does not go nearly far enough .
Also , I believe that if you are going to institute the republican idea ( and it was ) of mandatory coverage , you should have an at - cost public option plan for people .
And then it dawned on me ...
Eventually , I believe , we will have Single Payer Universal Health Care .
The trap that 's been laid has already been sprung , and an elegant trap it is .
The current law does not really regulate what insurance companies will charge for the coverage they are now required by law to offer .
These insurance companies have had record profits and I highly doubt they will take the losses out of their profit margins .
They will simply pass along the cost to the consumer .
They are already figuring out ways to get around the 80 - 85 % part of spending money received on services .
The greed they have will impale them on the hook .
In the end , private insurance companies will slit their own throats by pricing themselves out of business in the effort to keep the status - quo in profits .
At that point , there will be no choice other than either a single payer , Canadian style system , or something similar to the " Americare " idea I saw posted in another diary .
http://www.dailykos.com/...
Location : Brooklyn , New York , USA
I found Phoebe ’s very sweet mom on the street by work .
After bringing her in for tests and to get spayed , I found out she was pregnant !
So , I brought her home and now her babies are three weeks old !
Slight progress has been made in trying to remedy the ecological and corporate nightmare that the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has become :
On Wednesday , the company reported that repair workers were able to shut off one of the three leaks responsible for the catastrophic mess .
–KA
The New York Times :
Though by itself the move was not expected to reduce the amount of oil being released — estimated at 210,000 gallons a day — it “ does enable to us to make progress , to winnow down the focus from three leaks to two , ” said the spokesman , John Curry .
Submersible robots , controlled remotely from a ship on the surface , were able to place a specially designed valve over the end of a leaking drill pipe lying on the sea floor in water about 5,000 feet deep , and stop oil from escaping at that point , Mr. Curry said .
The company had been trying since Monday to place the specially designed valve but had been hampered by rough seas and high winds that diminished on Tuesday .
With one valve shut , BP is now turning its attention to capping the worst of the leaks .
Crews have loaded a 98 - ton , four - story structure called a containment dome onto a barge , and are expected to tow it at midday Wednesday to the site of the spill , a 12 - hour trip .
Read more
Despite much being made of the so - called August timetable that would spell an end to “ combat ” missions in Iraq and cut the US forces to about 50,000 , SOCOM head Admiral Eric Olson today announced that this would not affect his troops , which are involved in some of the heaviest combat .
“ The special operations forces are not experiencing a drawdown in Iraq , ” Olson insisted , adding that the 50,000 troops scheduled to stay behind would have a “ continuing mission ” to support their operations .
The admiral gave no indication that there was a separate drawdown timetable at all for the 4,500 SOCOM forces in Iraq , saying that his conversations with Gens .
Petraeus and Odierno suggested that they were planning to sustain that level going forward .
There have been discussions for months that the August drawdown would be slowed or even stopped altogether amid rising violence in the nation , but the comments by Admiral Olson today suggest that the speculative drawdown strategy had never included his forces , and that the administration never had any intention of stopping combat operations in August .
Car insurance is a product and service that almost everyone needs at some point in their lives , but is the kind of purchase that almost all of us would rather not have to make – at least not on our own , anyways .
This is because there are a lot of Florida car insurance companies out there that will do pretty much anything , say pretty much anything , and promise pretty much anything just to get us to sign on the dotted line and become a customer of theirs .
Well , a lot of people are fed up with that kind of modern - day snake oil operation , and are instead looking to secure the best car insurance for their needs without breaking the bank were working with a bunch of weasels .
Here ’s how to protect your vehicle with the right car insurance while making sure that you take advantage of options like Florida no - fault insurance from https://floridainsurancequotes.net/auto-insurance/what-is-no-fault-insurance-in-florida/.
There are benefits to give you the complete and comprehensive package you ’ve been searching for .
Different vehicles require different no - fault coverage
First of all , it ’s important that you understand that different vehicles ( and different driving habits , different driving records , and even your age ) will come into play when it comes time to purchase car insurance and Florida no - fault insurance packages .
Though you might feel like you are a picture - perfect driver and someone that is pretty safe behind the wheel , your driving record may not be so squeaky clean – and that ’s okay .
You also might be purchasing a brand - new vehicle that falls under the “ luxury car ” designation , a designation that will require you to spend more money on your auto insurance and Florida no - fault insurance just because of the make and model .
Understanding this ahead of time puts you a step or two ahead of the game though .
Once you know that this is coming , you ’ll be able to better negotiate different deals and discounts then you would have been able to in the past .
Always opt for more coverage than you think you ’ll need
Secondly ( and paradoxically ) , you ’re probably going to want to spend more money than you think you should on coverage that you may not really need – but it ’s always better to have a bit more insurance than just a bit too little .
Getting the right Florida no - fault insurance quote from https://floridainsurancequotes.net/florida-auto-insurance/ will protect you in just about any situation .
Even if your previous Florida car insurance would not have .
Just make sure that you are n’t blowing your budget , and that you ’ll be able to meet your monthly payments and you wo n’t have any real issues at all .
Invest in your insurance , do n’t just spend money on it
Lastly , begin to think of your Florida car insurance and your Florida no - fault insurance not as something that you need to spend or waste money , but instead a very important investment in your future and your security .
You certainly do n’t want to find yourself in an emergency situation with coverage that does n’t “ cut the mustard ” .
Chicago -
In a move that 's a bit of a surprise , the Brewers just announced they are optioning left - hander Mitch Stetter to Class AAA Nashville to make room on the roster for the return of right - hander Jeff Suppan on Thursday .
Stetter had appeared in two games , recording an out in each without surrendering a hit or a walk .
He was the Brewers ' primary left - handed specialist in the bullpen last season but the Brewers kept two other lefties this spring -- Manny Parra and Chris Narveson -- rather than lose them through waivers .
Stetter had a minor - league option remaining , which worked against him in this move .
Calvin Borel aboard Super Saver won the 136th Kentucky Derby , earning an unprecedented third victory in four years and giving conditioner Todd Pletcher his first win in the Run for the Roses after 24 prior attempts .
On winning his third Kentucky Derby , Borel said , " It never gets old . "
Pletcher , who had four starters in the race , was humble in victory .
" I'm no better trainer today than I was yesterday , " he said .
For the win , Super Saver paid $ 18.00 , $ 8.80 and $ 6.00 .
Ice Box paid $ 11.20 and $ 8.00 and Paddy O'Prado returned $ 7.40 to show .
We should be aware , however , that a next step of deeper reductions will hardly be attainable unless there is agreement on extensive cooperation on missile defense .
Russia is deeply suspicious that the missile shield could enable the United States to launch an attack on any target in Russia while itself remaining immune to any such attacks .
Further bilateral disarmament will also be impeded if Russia feels that the NATO alliance seeks to encircle it by expanding its military cooperation through membership or otherwise with more states neighboring Russia .
The signing on Thursday will take place one year after President Obama ’s presentation in Prague of a detailed program for the revival of global nuclear arms control and disarmament .
Later this month he will be the host in Washington of a large summit meeting that will focus on nuclear security .
In May , the operation of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty will be the subject of review at a conference in New York in which nearly all governments in the world will take part .
The review that took place in 2005 ended in acrimony and some predicted the end of the treaty .
Through adherence to the nonproliferation treaty that was concluded in 1970 , states have committed themselves to stay away from nuclear weapons or to move away from these weapons .
If all states had joined and fulfilled their commitments , the treaty would have led by now to a world free of nuclear weapons .
This has not happened , of course .
The number of nuclear weapons , which peaked at more than 50,000 during the Cold War , is still over 20,000 — most of them in the United States and Russia .
The number of states with nuclear weapons has gone from five to nine since 1970 .
There is also frustration at the lack of progress on many important items relevant to the treaty .
The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty has not entered into force because the United States , China and a number of other states have not ratified it .
The negotiation of a convention prohibiting the production of enriched uranium and plutonium for weapons remains blocked at the Geneva Disarmament Conference .
The Additional Protocol of the International Atomic Energy Agency for strengthened safeguards inspections remains unratified by a large number of states , including Iran .
Some items are bound to attract much attention at the nonproliferation treaty review conference in May .
One is that 20 years after the end of the Cold War , the obligation of five nuclear - weapon states under the treaty to negotiate toward nuclear disarmament has not led us anywhere near zero .
Another grievance — especially among Arab states — is that Israel has nuclear weapons and has refrained from adhering to the treaty .
A third is that the treaty has been violated by several states .
Although Iraq and Libya have been brought into compliance , North Korea has not and Iran and perhaps others might be aiming to ignore the treaty .
The Wine Project has announced that version 1.2 of its Windows API implementation , the next planned stable release of Wine , is expected to arrive " sometime in June " .
According to a mailing list post by Wine project leader Alexandre Julliard , barring any major problems , the latest development release of Wine , version 1.1.44 , will be the last of the 1.1.x series .
Julliard says that 64 - bit support is now " more or less complete " and that many of the new icons are now finished .
The next version of Wine , a first release candidate for Wine 1.2 , will mark the beginning of the code freeze and focus on addressing bugs found in the previous releases .
Wine , which is an acronym for Wine Is Not an Emulator , is free open source software that allows users to run Windows applications on Linux and Unix by providing its own native versions of Windows DLLs .
The latest stable release is Wine 1.0.1 from the 17th of October , 2008 .
Wine is available to download from SourceForge and user guides and a application compatibility list are provided .
See also :
( crve )
Contact us at 973-744-0079 for further information
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari has removed the controversial ' barcode ' design from the side of its car from this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix following controversy about it being subliminal advertising for title sponsor Marlboro .
A report in The Times newspaper last week revealed that leading doctors were putting pressure on governments to investigate whether the red , white and black bar code that had featured on the Ferrari cars for several years was a clever way of promoting its title sponsor 's cigarette brand .
Ferrari reacted angrily to the claims - suggesting that the barcode design was not copyrighted by Marlboro owner Phillip Morris and that it had chosen the concept alone .
The bar code also featured on the Ducati MotoGP bikes too , though .
Earlier this week , Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo labelled any claim that the design was promoting Marlboro as ' nonsense . '
" Frankly , I find this argument completely pointless and it is verging on the ridiculous to claim that the colour red or a graphic design which shows a bar code could induce people to smoke , " di Montezemolo said on Ferrari 's website .
" At a time when , on the other side of the Atlantic they are fighting to provide a more equal health service , in the old continent of Europe , so called experts are racking their brains to come up with theories that have no scientific basis :
I think there are more important matters to think about than a bar code .
" Therefore , it 's best not to waste any more time replying to this sort of nonsense or to those who are instrumental in wanting to stoke up the story . "
Despite that stance , Ferrari opted on Thursday to remove the barcode design from its cars immediately .
A statement issued by the team said : " Together with Philip Morris International we have decided to modify the livery of our cars starting with the Barcelona Grand Prix .
" This decision was taken in order to remove all speculation concerning the so - called ' barcode ' which was never intended to be a reference to a tobacco brand .
" By this we want to put an end to this ridiculous story and concentrate on more important things than on such groundless allegations . "
If the Obama administration gets its way in revamping U.S. manned space - exploration efforts , two of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's largest contractors could be on the hook for hundreds of millions of dollars in program - shutdown costs .
Lockheed Martin Corp. and Alliant Techsystems Inc. are waging a behind - the - scenes dispute with NASA 's leadership over who will cover possibly more than $ 1 billion in such expenses , according to people familiar with the situation .
The controversy has raised the financial and ...
You know , it occurred to me recently , while visiting the local barbershop for a haircut and a real , honest - to - goodness straight razor shave , that companies like Schick and Gillette must really make a killing on the sale of " disposable " razor blades .
Considering that the basis of the " scam , " started pre-1920 , was to " ... give away the razor and charge for the blades ... " ( a lot like current inkjet technology , huh ? ) the sheer insanity of the price of these blades must guarantee that the aforementioned companies net a tidy profit off of these " consumables . "
I also find it interesting that , all over the Internet , there are banner ads trying to sell you the " secret " of never having to spend
First of all , let me clarify that when I refer to " razor blades " I am most likely referring to " razor cartridges " -- which have several individual metal blades , springs , and a blade frame in common -- all held together by adhesive or , in most cases , sonic welding .
These cartridges are made to be almost hyper - proprietary so they will only " fit " onto a specific razor handle .
I hope that I do not confuse you by indiscriminately mis-naming things .
Except when I am mentioning an old - fashioned barber 's straight razor I am talking about " razor blade cartridges " in this writeup .
Now that that 's a bit clearer , I 'll begin .
Well , knowing a bit about metallurgy , I decided to see if there might be a way for the " everyday Man " ( or Woman ) to get around spending on average of $ 20 / mo on " disposable " blades .
Here 's what I found -- with the help of the laboratory and the electron microscope of ABC Metals , a very kind company who let me use their facilities for this purpose :
Most importantly , the great enemy of all razor blades is undoubtedly oxidation -- what " normal " humans like to call " rust . "
Because of the environment in which blades are used , rust is endemic .
I found that simply drying the blade with a hair dryer after use prolonged its life by a factor of three .
But we 're not going to stop there !
Like any metal , razor blades are made with certain trade - offs .
Blades must be ductile ( soft ) enough to flex and to be given an edge to begin with , yet tempered ( hard ) enough to hold an edge .
Let 's not forget that the steel used in disposable razors has one MAJOR requirement to the manufacturers also -- cheapness .
Hence oxidation resistance is very low on the list of requirements for the steel stock these companies use .
For them , the " trick " is to make this low - carbon steel hard ( and sharp ) enough to make one exclaim something akin to " WOW !
I have never had a better shave in my life ! " upon a first shave but not hard enough to hold that sharp edge for TOO long , hence slowing the sale of their staple product .
It must be a fine line -- the " bleeding edge " if you 'll excuse the cheap pun -- to pull this off in a mass - production environment ... or so we'd be led to think to justify paying $ 16 for six ( 6 ) razor blades that likely cost pennies per unit to stamp out .
The same is true of the barber 's straight razor -- it 's composition is also a trade - off ... but less so since the barber uses a leather strap ( the " strop " ) to hone the edge of the blade before each use .
This ensures a keen shave , time after time .
Stropping also removes surface oxidation , which dulls the blade tremendously .
Thus , the barber 's straight razor can be used time and again for a period of decades ... after all , it is always being sharpened .
Most good straight razors also have the advantage of being made with the best high - carbon steel money can reasonably buy -- hence their steep price tag yet amazing quality .
It is my opinion that all men should , at least once in their lives , accumulate a few days of beard growth and have it shaved by an old , experienced barber with a straight razor -- the results are nothing short of amazing .
My idea came to me while watching the barber thoroughly strop his razor before shaving me .
I thought to myself , " ... is there ANY reason why cartridge - type razor blades cannot be honed ( stropped ) like this man 's trusty straight razor ? "
Turns out , there is no reason whatsoever that they can not be !
Using electron microscopy and much trial and error I found out the best way to do it , and the best material to do it with ( so far ) .
As I continue to test , I will update this writeup .
I will not bore you with my various experimentations but , as it turns out , a disposable razor cartridge ( I use a Gillette Mach 5 ) can be made to last many times longer than " normal " if you hone it and assiduously dry it after use .
I have now used one blade for nearly seven months by simply drying and re-honing .
The honing procedure is simple and can be done in seconds .
I do it like so :
After making sure that there are no clumps of whiskers stuck between the blades -- which there should not be if you thoroughly cleaned and dried your razor after its last use -- I put on a pair of denim jeans .
The cheaper brands tend to work better as the denim has more of a nap to it .
Now , pretend that your leg is your cheek and " shave " the stretched denim towards you using the same angle of cut you use on your face 15 - 20 times with the blade to be sharpened attached to the " handle . "
Now repeat this process at the same angle as before but push the razor away from you 15 - 20 times .
Be sure to clean any lint that may have gathered on the blade off before attempting to use it !
Well - used denim will almost never leave much lint and the results only appear to differ by > 10 % ( favoring the less - used fabric ) .
Your razor blade (s ) are now honed .
Do n't forget to think of me when your next shave is comfortable and close -- as will be the next few months of shaves -- with the same blade !
This process seems to work best with three to five - blade cartridges as honing angles do not make as much of a difference .
It seems the " extra " blades act as guides of a sort making it far less challenging to get honing angles correct .
While this process works pretty darn good with disposable ( all - plastic ) RAZORS you will notice the best results by far employing this method with good - quality disposable CARTRIDGES .
Disposable razors use steel that is often obtained as scrap from the steel - slitting industry and it is fraught with microscopic cracks , burrs , and sometimes chemical impurities such as fluorocarbon / hydrocarbon - based cutting lubricants .
Its best to avoid those beasts altogether in my opinion .
Finally , remember that , as always , all good things must come to an end .
The steel used in these blades is , as we discussed earlier , not very good to begin with -- and after losing their initial keen tempered edge you are simply re-honing them for use over and over again .
Eventually you run out of steel to hone -- but long before this happens angles are changed , the cartridge 's " presentation spring " ( the leaf spring that pushes the individual blades up to your skin ) wears so the individual blades can no longer contact the skin evenly ( or at all ) , and the heat generated from rubbing them against the denim causes them to molecularly soften at the edge -- meaning that eventually a hone may not last through an entire shaving session anymore .
You reach the point of trade - off -- for the more you re-hone the softer the edge becomes .
Soft steel can be honed , but will not " hold " it 's honed edge for very long .
When any of the aforementioned " symptoms " are even hinted at its time for a " factory fresh " cartridge .
That 's fine with me though ...
I 'd rather spend $ 16 per YEAR than $ 16 every 2 - 3 weeks any day .
( CNN ) -- A Kentucky man high on marijuana and drunk on whiskey put his 5 - week - old son in the oven Sunday and left him there overnight , police said .
The oven door was slightly ajar , and the oven was not turned on .
After smoking marijuana at the restaurant where he works as a cook , Larry Long , 33 , returned home to share a fifth of whiskey with the baby 's mother , Brandy Hatton , McCracken County Sheriff Jon Hayden said in a statement .
Hatton had four or five shots and went to bed while Long finished the bottle , Hayden said .
At 5:30 the next morning , Hatton awoke to the sound of the baby 's cries coming from the oven .
He had been in it for several hours , police said .
Emergency crews responding to the scene transported the infant to a local hospital , where he was found to be unharmed .
The incident was reported to authorities by a psychiatric facility that Long turned to when he learned what he had done , officials said .
" He actually called a mental health crisis line immediately thereafter and told them that he had done this .
And they contacted us , " Hayden said .
Police arrested Long and charged him with first degree wanton endangerment .
He is being held on bail of $ 10,000 .
Long blamed his actions on the marijuana , which he believes was laced with a hallucinatory agent , officials said .
Authorities have removed the baby from its mother 's care and awarded emergency custody to members of her family .
Millions of people around the world turned off their lights for an hour to show their steadfast commitment to protecting nature .
Together around the world we spoke up for wildlife and forests , rivers and oceans .
We also continued to rally around crucial actions needed to curb climate change and protect all life as we know it .
Please join us next March for Earth Hour 2021 .
Until then , here are a few simple tips you can use to conserve energy and a host of other actions you can take to help save our planet .
Even before the Red Wings and Sharks take the HP Pavilion ice tonight to open Round 2 of the Stanley Cup playoffs , Detroit appears headed for the penalty box .
Seems the Wings ’ charter flight to town after they polished off the Phoenix Coyotes broke the notorious 11:30 p.m. curfew at Norman Mineta San Jose International Airport .
Call it home - airport advantage .
At stake : a potential $ 2,500 fine , unless the team can talk its way out of a late - night curfew , the same rule Oracle CEO Larry Ellison has grumbled about for years .
To soothe nearby neighbors , the airport prohibits airliners from taking off or landing from 11:30 p.m. to 6:30 a.m. , unless the late arrival is due to bad weather , mechanical problems or air traffic control — all conditions outside the pilot ’s control , said airport spokesman David Vossbrink .
But the Wings ’ DC - 9 jet landed in San Jose at 12:19 a.m. Wednesday , an apparent violation .
Eagles are partly to blame .
With the rock band booking the HP Pavilion like the Hotel California on Friday and Saturday , the Wings did n’t know when — or if — they ’d be playing in San Jose , until they won a decisive Game 7 Tuesday night in Phoenix just past 8:30 p.m.
Celebration , showers and a trip to the Phoenix airport later , they were suddenly headed to San Jose for today ’s 6 p.m. faceoff .
Now , their welcome mat includes a “ curfew intrusion report ” to answer .
“ Our practice is to send a notice to the operator that gives them 10 days to respond with information that we need to make a determination whether there ’s been a violation , ” said David Vossbrink , spokesman for the airport .
“ We sent that letter today . ”
Although the Sharks have violated curfew 18 times dating to September , the team ’s charter plane previously was leased to Fry ’s Electronics to transport the San Jose SaberCats football team and comes with a legal pass that allows 15 late landings each year .
Reached Wednesday , John Hahn , spokesman for the Red Wings , said his team ’s curfew violation was news to him .
“ I ’m just hearing this from you , ” he told the Mercury News .
Well ,
Hahn , the letter ’s in the mail — and the Sharks will see you on the ice .
Contact Linda Goldston at 408-920-5862 .
Genre Pollution , Part One
EASTERNSHardened , gun-toting psychopaths do moral battle in Eastern Europe and in Russia during the fall of the Soviet Union and during the fragmentation of the Balkans .
All the tropes and archetypes of the Wild West are up for grabs : civil war veterans , robber barons , dangerous political criminals , government operatives trying to create stability through torture and extortion , naked capitalism , private security , Eurotrash dandies , and decent folk who have a rough - hewn , raw love of the land .
Instead of cheap whiskey -- cheap cocaine .
Instead of gunfights in the street -- helicopter duels over dense urban centers .
CORPORATE ROMANCEMultinational corporations are here to stay .
They are going to be around for a long time , and since they cannot be dismantled or destroyed , they must be humanized .
The rigid hierarchical caste systems and soul - washed cutthroat maneuvers are perfect for torrid sexual speculation .
" He managed a franchise KFC in Beijing .
She was a corporate KFC efficiency expert sent to audit him .
He did things his own way .
All she knew was her three - ring binder full of rules and procedures .
Their love was a violation of the company code of conduct and was probably actionable .
But it was as hot , fiery , and bad for them as spicy Cajun popcorn chicken .
" WORK AND SORCERYWho builds the castles and feeds the gryphon ?
Who forges the magic swords and travels to the ends of the earth to bury them in an ice cave guarded by a giant frost worm ?
Who teaches the fair maiden to be fair and who teaches the barbarian to fight ?
What is the economy like in a command economy without class mobility ?
What joys are there in the life of a peasant born to pointless toil in a land of blooded , beautiful aristocrats who can ACTUALLY WIELD MAGIC and who the gods ACTUALLY SEEM TO PREFER ?
Is it possible to unionize a group of trolls ?
FANTASY TRUE CRIMEGripping anecdotes about elves murdered in their beds by evil wizards and the ways in which the wizards cover their tracks and then use the blood and bones of their victims to summon evil familiars .
Stories about serial - killing witches , and mass - murdering dragons -- all without heroes or " narrative . "
What kind of sicko would want to learn to wield magic ?
What gruesome rituals occur to the mind of a magus , and how can they be stopped ?
What breeds crime and lust for occult power in magical society , and how can society prevent and redirect these urges ?
NEW WEIRD RELIGIONThe classic witness narrative of Christian fundamentalism , except the gods being witnessed are the Elder Gods and demon deities .
" I was lost .
I was out there in bars , looking for salvation .
I 'd drink anything , do any drug , go home with anyone .
I was destroying my mind .
They took my kids away .
And then , in a Denny 's bathroom in Foghat , Missouri , I had a vision of the Harkanch , which lives underneath the Great Lakes and has possessed me as his servitor .
He has eleven heads and vomits zombie dogs who then lay eggs in people dreams .
The eggs generate invisible wraiths who can pass through sheetrock and who eat despair harvested from prisoners and small children .
Harkanch has a plan for us all .
Hail Harkanch ! " Lovecraft = Old Testament .
NWR = New Testament !
NOIRPUNKThe problem with old fashioned detective stories is that the detectives bother to solve the case .
The detective is always good at their job and they always manages to track down the bad guys .
Noirpunk will be about detectives who are really awful at their jobs .
Who take the money , can't figure anything out , get in lots of fights , do a lot of drugs , and ultimately fail to do a goddamn thing .
They will spend a lot of time dodging their creditors and surfing the internet .
They will make sure their client gets satisfaction one way or the other , though .
They will either tell them an interesting lie or " produce " the photos they want to see .
This is an age of Photoshop after all , right ?
EROTIC SUBURBAN CHRISTIANThere is nothing hotter than debased Christianity .
Not " fallen Christians , " mind you , but the strange , sweltering passion of people who are consciously using the symbols and stricture of a closed moral universe to whip themselves into a white - hot sexual panic .
The Bible is twisted , dirty , and seething with all kinds of scenarios that puff up the libido .
And we all know how hot suburban people are .
They are strong , healthy , pampered , and looking for answers .
Their homes make for great scenery .
Their desires are intense and strange .
Plus , with erotic suburban Christian novels , you get both markets : those who fetishize Christianity and those who fetishize Christians !
Wolves and sheep , both reaching for their wallets !
At last week ’s Google I|O conference , the last session I attended was a “ fireside chat ” in which Google employees discussed the Android platform with audience members .
Someone asked about Android fragmentation –the fact that Android is getting upgrades so frequently that there are phones powered by multiple versions of the OS for sale all at once .
The Android team member who fielded the question spent most of his time rejecting it as a valid subject of debate .
He compared the situation to Microsoft releasing multiple versions of Windows in the 1990s .
He said that it is n’t fragmentation if ( for instance ) all Android 1.6 phones are compatible .
And he ended by adding that he did n’t even like to use the word “ fragmentation . ”
The one he preferred was “ progress . ”
I could n’t quite tell if the question had struck a raw nerve , or if it simply seemed irrelevant .
But the gist of the reply seems to be Google ’s official stance on the matter .
My friend Michael Gartenberg recently visited with Android honcho Andy Rubin , who pretty much said the same thing : Android is n’t getting fragmented .
Okay , fine .
As Michael says , it ’s not fragmentation in the classic sense represented by Linux , in which multiple products can share the same version number yet be incompatible with each other .
But that ’s not terribly comforting news to anyone who just bought a brand new Android phone which lacks the latest features and ca n’t run apps such as Google Earth .
And while it ’s perfectly normal for tech products to become obsolete within months of their release , it remains very odd indeed for products that are just entering the market to run software that ’s several versions old .
Which is what ’s happening with Android .
It ’s also a little odd to hear a Google employee defend Android by likening it to the old days when Microsoft was shipping both the Windows 9 x and NT platforms , as if that were a scenario that anyone would strive for .
In a sense , the Google guy who said that what ’s going on is progress , not fragmentation , is absolutely right .
The only reason why there are so many phones based on so many Android variants out there is because Google is cranking out meaty Android upgrades at a pace which handset manufacturers are unprepared to deal with .
Android 1.5 shipped in April of 2009 ; 1.6 shipped in September ; 2.0 shipped in October ; 2.1 shipped in December ; and 2.2 shipped last week .
As Google finishes new features , it rolls them out rapidly in small batches , then gets back to work on the next batch–just as it does with a service such as Gmail .
But with Gmail , Google can flip a switch and push new stuff out to every user in a few hours .
It even managed to accomplish something similar with its own Nexus One phone : People who own Nexuses ( Nexii ? ) with Android 2.1 are already getting the 2.2 update .
Old - school phone makers and carriers just can’t keep up with that , which is why the Sprint EVO 4G phones which were distributed to I|O attendees –which , like the Nexus One , were manufactured by HTC –were running Android 2.1 .
The EVO ’s hardware is impressive , but its software will feel a bit like day - old bread until it gets the 2.2 update .
( HTC says that should happen at some unspecified time in the second half of this year . )
After attending the Apple bashfest that was Google I|O ’s Android keynote , I tend to suspect that Google ’s relentless upgrading of Android stems only partially from the company ’s genetic predisposition to iterate , iterate , iterate .
It ’s also about the race with the iPhone .
Google wants to do everything in its power to put Android in the best possible competitive situation .
So it ’s not going to mimic Apple ’s yearly upgrade schedule – it ’ll get new features in the marketplace just as fast as it can .
And it wo n’t stop anytime soon .
Call it fragmentation ; call it progress ; call it whatever you like .
For now , it ’s a defining characteristic of the Android platform .
The only way out I see is for manufacturers and carriers to figure out how to move at a pace that ’s much closer to the one Google operates on .
If they do , it would be a welcome breakthrough for everybody involved …
This story , " What Android Fragmentation Problem ? " was originally published by Technologizer .
A - level computer science students will no longer be taught C , C# or PHP from next year following a decision to withdraw the languages by the largest exam board .
Schools teaching the Assessment and Qualifications Alliance 's ( AQA ) COMP1 syllabus have been asked to use one of its other approved languages - Java , Pascal / Delphi , Python 2.6 , Python 3.1 , Visual Basic 6 and VB .
Net 2008 .
The final resits allowing work in C , C# and PHP will be held in June 2011 .
In a document detailing the withdrawal ( pdf ) , the AQA said the move was a response to low take - up of some of the eight languages originally allowed under its syllabus .
The board " highly recommended " switching to Pascal / Delphi because it is stable and was designed to teach programming and problem solving .
Teachers planning to use Java are warned that many universities are considering dropping it from their first year computer science programmes , " as has happened in the US " .
" You have to consider carefully whether you should be teaching a language that could very well be taught in [ higher education ] , " the AQA wrote .
The allowed variants of Python and Visual Basic are presented by the AQA without comment .
Simon Humphreys , the British Computing Society 's coordinator of computing at school , backed the decision .
“ I understand that the reason for AQA dropping C# , PHP and C from the AS Computing examination is one of demand , " he told The Register .
" Most centres offer Pascal / Delphi and Visual Basic as the language of choice for their students .
This selection is based on the experience of the teacher in that centre and their own comfort with that language .
" The Computing A Level is not intended as a programming course but a course that covers the fundamentals of computing of which programming ( and problem solving ) form a key component . "
The AQA 's exclusion of C , C# and PHP - languages that are arguably more useful in practice than the now - preferred teaching languages - is nevertheless sure to spark debate .
Over to you . ®
The mother of a man suing the Boy Scouts of America over alleged sexual abuse testified this morning that she was never warned that the volunteer who led her son's troop had already confessed to abusing 17 other scouts .
The woman said she and her husband only learned that Boy Scout leader Timur Dykes was prohibited from being around minors under the terms of his parole when they received a phone call in July 1984 from the Tillamook County Sheriff 's Office .
The police had stopped Dykes for a broken taillight or other violation as he drove several scouts , including their son , for a camping trip on the beach .
After checking his record , they arrested Dykes and called the boys ' parents to come pick them up .
The son , now 37 and identified in court papers as Jack Doe , is suing the Boy Scouts as well as the Cascade Pacific Council in a $ 14 million case in Multnomah County Circuit Court over the alleged sexual abuse , which occurred in the early 1980s .
The trial is in its second week in Multnomah County Circuit Court in Portland .
More stories
Doe has settled his case against the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints .
The Oregonian does not identify victims of sexual assault and is not identifying the mother to protect the privacy of the son .
After the call from Tillamook County , she said , her husband talked with a Mormon bishop , who coordinated the local Scouts program .
When her husband returned from the discussion , " he was just stricken . "
" I had never seen that look on his face before , " she said .
" He said they knew he had been arrested for this ... that he had this restriction that he was n't to be in the company of minors and they felt that it was OK because he had repented . "
The family moved about a year later to Klamath Falls , where her son proceeded to withdraw from activities and sports he used to enjoy , she said .
His grades dropped and his relationship with her and the family grew distant .
He also started using alcohol and , later , drugs .
Her son had denied that Dykes had abused him , however , and she said she only learned the truth in 2007 after hearing about a lawsuit by several scouts who said they had also been abused by Dykes .
The attorneys for the defendants are expected to question the mother this afternoon .
–
SHIRAHAMA , Japan , June 15 , 2003 - Japan 's legendary ama women shellfish divers , immortalised on stamps and in the 1967 James Bond film " You Only Live Twice " , have grown older and their numbers have declined but they still enjoy their work and earn enough to carry on .
Her face tanned from a lifetime outdoors , Kotoyo Motohashi , 68 , has been diving without oxygen tanks since the age of 18 and is the oldest shellfish diver in Shirahama 's Nojimazaki district on the tip of the Boso Peninsula , 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) southeast of Tokyo .
In the past she shared her amagoya or divers ' hut with four or five other women during the season for collecting abalone , which fetch 4,400 yen ( 37 dollars ) a kilogram or 17 dollars a pound in the nearby Shirahama cooperative , but cost double that on a Tokyo restaurant table .
" I never dive alone .
I go with a group of friends who go straight from their homes and we meet opposite the Nojimazaki lighthouse , " Motohashi told AFP in a recent interview as she warmed herself by a brazier .
When she started as an ama -- woman of the sea in Japanese -- Motohashi only harvested tengusa , a type of red seaweed , and sazae sea snails which are highly prized in Japan .
But she quickly graduated to diving deeper in search of abalone hidden in clefts in the rocks amid the forests of kelp .
The ama themselves were considered a good catch .
" As I was a very good shellfish diver , I very soon started to get marriage proposals .
I was 20 when I married the son of a wealthy farming family , " Motohashi said .
In 1965 , a good ama could earn the equivalent of 10 million yen ( 84,750 dollars ) in today 's money for a season 's work , from April to September , one month longer than the season these days , said Osashi Matsumoto , head of the Shirahama cooperative .
At the time , there were about 1,500 active ama in the Shirahama area , whereas today , in a town of 6,300 , the shellfish divers number just 300 , 50 of whom are men .
The average age of the women is 67 , with the youngest aged 50 and the oldest about 85 , Matsumoto said .
" In my day out of a class of 40 schoolchildren , 15 of them would become ama , " Motohashi said .
Diving for shellfish has traditionally been women 's work in Japan for around 1,500 years since " they can withstand the cold better than men because of the different distribution of fat under the skin , " Matsumoto said .
The images depicted in the 18th century erotic woodblock prints by Utamaro Kitagawa or the Bond film , in which 007 marries a white - bikini - clad ama , bear no relation to the modern divers ' working dress -- thermal tights , orange sweatshirts so that boats can spot them , and neoprene diving hoods .
" When I began we used to wear white cotton tops and shorts because occasionally there were fatal accidents and white could be seen more easily under water .
At first I even dived topless because it was easier to move , but the cooperative imposed the new divewear rules 20 years ago , " Motohashi said .
Even though they dress unglamourously to dive , the women are self - possessed and cheerfully unabashed , and think nothing of leaving the hut door wide open as they chat and shower salt off their naked upper bodies after a dive .
" It 's definitely the women who are in charge around here , and it 's always been like that because in the old days the men used to go away on merchant ships or with the tuna fishing fleet , " said Matsumoto , the cooperative chief .
" Young women today do n't like the sea as much as we do , they lack courage and do n't want to get their skin darkened by working in the water or the fields , " said Motohashi , lamenting the lack of followers in her wake .
Shirahama 's ama still earn at least 100,000 yen in the May to September season , with the best divers making around three million yen , a substantial extra income for these women whose main livelihood these days is farming rice , soya , broad beans and flowers .
Collecting abalone is hard work .
Equipped with a long stick , the divers go down about 8 - 10 metres ( 26 - 33 feet ) , either diving from small boats or swimming out from the beach , and only have as long as their breath holds -- about one minute 20 seconds -- to prise the molluscs from the rocks .
The youngest of the ama stay in the water for up to four hours a day , resting and chatting with friends on a floating wooden box .
Around Shirahama , 90 percent of the catch is made by divers , according to Matsumoto from the cooperative .
" The abalone is considered the best in Japan because of its size and flavour .
This type of fishing will withstand foreign competition as long as the customers are prepared to pay for such quality , " he said , explaining that the cooperative was trying to increase its resources by releasing abalone eggs into the sea .
However , the ama do not just continue to dive for the money which allowed some of them such as Motohashi to raise two children alone after separating from her husband when she was 29 .
She does it " because it does me good , " she said .
For Sanae Kiso , 56 , who has been diving since she was 17 , " the secret to carrying on is that you enjoy doing it .
I love the sea and spending time with my friends , " she said .
* * * * *
McDonalds and Burger King are two of the most important worldwide quick food chains on the planet .
Having used the services myself for a few years , and being caught up in the support that the psychological well being system appeared to present me , I can understand how tough the restoration …
" Everything the State says is a lie , and everything it has it has stolen . "
~ Friedrich Nietzsche , Thus Spake Zarathustra
Judge Andrew Napolitano opens his new book , Lies the Government Told You , with that quote , and that ’s the book ’s theme : the State is our enemy because it constantly lies , steals , and kills .
Radical Libertarianism
That ’s a pretty radical idea , so this is a radical book .
This is not a book about " public policy , " about how we might limit the rate of government ’s growth , or about how to " reform " this or that program .
It ’s not really even about " getting back to the Constitution . "
Instead , this book is about exposing the criminal acts of our rulers in Washington , and about abolishing and repealing powers and programs wholesale .
How principled is Napolitano here ?
Take eminent domain .
Even some libertarians decry " eminent - domain abuse " and complain about government taking property for purposes that are n’t a " public use " as the Constitution supposedly requires — as though taking people ’s property by force for some purposes might be okay .
Judge Napolitano will have none of that .
He writes that the concept of private property inherently entails " the right to exclude [ others ] . . . even the right to exclude the government . "
So instead of wanting to curb the " abuses " or condoning eminent domain in some cases , Napolitano says abolish eminent domain .
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
Through such stances , Judge Napolitano , here as never before , shows himself to be solidly in the same uncompromising libertarian camp as his fellow LewRockwell.com columnists .
Also , throughout the book , he cites names that will be familiar to LRC readers , such as Murray Rothbard , Lew Rockwell , Ron Paul ( who wrote the foreword ) , Thomas DiLorenzo , and William Anderson .
And the book takes the " libertarian populist " tone often found on LRC , including just the right balance of scholarly analysis , easy readability , and moral outrage .
So if you like this website , you ’ll almost certainly like this book .
It shows a lot of courage for Napolitano to take this approach , given that he works at Fox News Channel alongside some people who attack anyone who opposes the warfare and police state as not merely wrong but un-American and evil .
Big Lies
Each chapter in Judge Napolitano ’s book attacks a different government lie .
These are not the ordinary , petty lies the partisan hacks on cable news channels accuse politicians from the other party of telling .
These are big , fundamental lies that underlie the State ’s ostensible legitimacy , such as :
" Congress Shall Make No Law . . . Abridging Freedom of Speech " ( Lie # 5 )
" The Constitution Applies in Good Times and In Bad Times , " ( Lie # 13 )
" Everyone Is Innocent Until Proven Guilty " ( Lie # 12 )
You ’ll notice that these are guarantees supposedly provided by the Constitution .
But as Napolitano shows , the Constitution has failed to stop government from violating our rights .
For example , the First Amendment did n’t stop the government from violating free - speech rights during World War I , did n’t stop the government from imposing a " Fairness Doctrine " limiting speech over the airwaves , and does n’t stop the government from routinely suppressing " commercial speech . "
The Constitution ’s protections also conveniently disappear when the government considers an emergency important enough .
And the government will ignore the presumption of innocence if it wants to hold you without bail before a trial .
It will even ignore evidence of your actual innocence if it has decided you should be executed , as Napolitano says " lawless , heartless future President " George W. Bush did when , as Texas governor , he insisted on executing Leones Torres Herrera despite another man ’s confession to his alleged crime .
Other chapters show how various other government promises to respect rights ( starting with the Declaration of Independence ’s claim that " all men are created equal " ) are mere lip service .
Others respectively attack the lies of activist judges , gun controllers , nanny statists , drug warriors , and others who think they should run our lives for our own good .
Others show how presidents , Republican and Democrat alike , lie when they say they do n’t want to go to war and when they offer " facts " in making the case for war .
The " Free - Market " Lie
One of the most important chapters addresses this government lie : " America has a free market . "
The State is inherently opposed to the market , of course , but U.S. politicians love to hail " free enterprise " and the " free market " for their own self - interested purposes .
Doing so makes them sound decent and reasonable because even today many people have at least some vague sense that the market is the source of our prosperity .
More importantly , politicians love to promote the idea that we have a free market because that means when things go wrong in the economy , they can blame the market , rather than accept blame themselves , and claim that they need more power to overcome the market ’s alleged failures .
Napolitano refutes this lie by pointing out ( citing George Reisman ) that we have more than 73,000 pages of detailed economic regulations , which are hardly compatible with anything like a genuine free market .
And he provides some reasons why government is the source of , not the solution to , our current economic problems .
He devotes an additional chapter to attacking the dishonesty and destructiveness of the Federal Reserve and government - enabled fractional - reserve banking .
Something for Everyone
Lies the Government Told
You is a great book to give to your friends who are sympathetic to some libertarian ideas — perhaps they are Tea Partiers , Glenn Beck listeners , or similar — but still have an excessive amount of faith ( i.e. , any faith ) in the State and politicians to turn things around .
For that matter , it is also worth giving the book to your more sensible liberal friends who may still be under the delusion that the Obama Administration and other Democrats are somehow more honest and less bloodthirsty than their Republican counterparts .
And even if you ’re already converted to Judge Napolitano ’s libertarian view , the book still has much to offer because it ’s loaded with interesting , useful information about both history and current events , at least some of which is sure to be new to you .
For example , he reveals ugly facts about the excessively revered Founding Fathers — like George Washington , who not only owned slaves , but also reportedly had their teeth pulled to make a set of dentures for himself .
And he gives up - to - date details about how the government is using the Patriot Act and other totalitarian innovations to take away our privacy and freedom .
Libertarianism Today Jacob H. Huebert Best Price : $ 3.71 Buy New $ 24.99 ( as of 01:00 EST - Details )
How to Fight Back ?
The book ’s conclusion ( read it here ) suggests three things that will be necessary to undo all the damage the government has done .
First , " we must acknowledge that through the actions of the government we have lost much of the freedom that we once thought was guaranteed by the Constitution , our laws , and our values . "
Second , he writes , we must recognize that we do not have a two - party system in this country ; we have one party , the Big Government Party . "
Third , he suggests , the " millions of young people who reject both wretched visions of the Big Government Party . . . need either to form a Liberty Party or to build on the libertarian base of the Republican Party . "
Judge Napolitano ’s book will surely help many people take the first two steps .
That last item is a taller order .
There are more libertarians today than ever before , but we ’re still a small minority .
We ’ll need to do a lot more educational work before we can have much political success .
Still , Ron Paul has shown that a presidential campaign can be a great educational tool and bring many more people into the libertarian movement — so political activity may be worthwhile for that limited purpose .
But it ’s worth it only if we have a candidate who understands the importance of educating for liberty , can convey ideas exceptionally well , and can refuse to waver on principle even when under fire from vicious , lying opponents .
I hope Ron Paul will do all those things again in 2012 , as he did so well in 2008 .
But if he does n’t want to , Lies the Government Told You suggests that there is at least one other man in America who would be up to the task .
The Best of Jacob Huebert
Advertisement
Android / iPhone : RunKeeper , the exercise tracking tool that we 've found to be like Nike+ , only better , has hit the Android market , giving those who can run with their phone a data - rich means of tracking and planning their times , calories , distances , and more .
RunKeeper is Like Nike + for Your iPhone — Only Better I was crazy excited about the prospects of Nike + coming to the iPhone , having used the fitness …
Read more
Advertisement
Like its iPhone predecessor , RunKeeper for Android uses GPS to plot your runs ( or walks , or bike trips ) on a built - in Google Map , and keeps track of how fast you 're running , the calories you 're burning , and all the other fitness stats you 'd expect from a full - fledged running partner .
I have n't tested out RunKeeper in a real run yet , so I can't say whether this initial free version offers the audio cues ( " Five minutes left " ) that the paid iPhone version offers .
The RunKeeper team has stated , however , that they plan to continually iterate new improvements and features into this Android version .
RunKeeper is a free download for Android devices , along with iPhones .
Looking for a more Google Maps / Docs - integrated fitness tool ?
Try the Google team 's own My Tracks Android app .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
RunKeeper - Android
An international team of scientists led by the paleontologist Steffen Kiel at the University of Kiel , Germany , found the first fossil boreholes of the worm Osedax that consumes whale bones on the deep - sea floor .
They conclude that " boneworms " are at least 30 Million years old .
This result was published in the current issue of the scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Six years ago Osedax was first described based on specimens living on a whale carcass in 2891 m depth off California .
Since then paleontologists have been searching for fossil evidence to pin down its geologic age .
Now researchers at the Institute of Geosciences at the Christian - Albrechts - University at Kiel , Germany , found 30 Million year old whale bones with holes and excavations matching those of living Osedax in size and shape .
The evidence of the boreholes and cavities made by the living worms was provided by Greg Rouse ( Scripps Institution of Oceanography ) , one of the original discoverers of Osedax .
To produce accurate images of the fossil boreholes , the bones were CT - scanned by the scientists .
The fossil bones belong to ancestors of our modern baleen whales and their age was determined using so - called co-occurring index fossils .
" The age of our fossils coincides with the time when whales began to inhabit the open ocean " explains Steffen Kiel , who has been working on the evolution and fossil history of deep - sea ecosystems for many years .
Only from the open ocean dead whales could sink to the deep - sea floor where they served as food for the boneworms .
" Food is extremely rare on the vast deep - sea floor and the concurrent appearance of these whales and Osedax shows that even hard whale bones were quickly utilized as food source , " Steffen Kiel explains the relevance of their discovery .
The ancient bones were found by the American fossil collector Jim Goedert .
He has been collecting fossil along the American Pacific coast for more than 30 years and is well known in the scientific community .
Steffen Kiel says : " I got to know Jim when I was a PhD student , when he visited Hamburg University .
We kept in touch ever since . "
By now , Steffen Kiel has done several field trips with Jim Goedert to the US Pacific coast , a geologically active area where fossil - rich sediments are continuously uplifted by plate tectonic processes .
Vertebrate paleontologists are probably less happy about the old age of Osedax : because it has been feeding on bones for most of the evolutionary history of whales , it is likely to have destroyed many potential whale fossils .
Editorial by S. Fred Singer , President , Science and Environmental Policy Project
ClimateGate Whitewash
There is now a desperate effort afoot by assorted climate alarmists to explain away the revelations of the incriminating e-mails leaked last year from the University of East Anglia ( UAE ) .
But the ongoing investigations so far have avoided the real problem , namely whether the reported warming is genuine or simply the manufactured result of manipulation of temperature data by scientists in England and the United States .
The latest report is by the British House of Commons ’ Science and Technology Committee , which largely absolved Philip Jones , head of UEA ’s Climate Research Unit and author of most of the e-mails .
How can we tell that it ’s a whitewash ?
Here are some telltale signs :
It refers to the e-mails as “ stolen ”
It did not take direct testimony from scientifically competent skeptics
Yet it derives the conclusion that there is nothing wrong with the basic science and that warming is human caused – essentially endorsing the IPCC
None of the investigations have gone into any detail on how the data might have been manipulated .
But this is really the most important task for any investigation , since it deals directly with the central issue :
Is there an appreciable human influence on climate change in the past decades ?
Instead , much of the attention of newspapers , and of the public , has focused on secondary issues : the melting of Himalayan glaciers , the possible inundation of the Netherlands , deforestation of the Amazon , crop failures in Africa , etc .
While these issues demonstrate the sloppiness of the IPCC process , they do n’t tell anything about the cause of the warming : natural or anthropogenic .
So what do the e-mails really reveal ?
We know that Jones and his gang tried and largely succeeded in “ hiding the decline ” of temperature by using what he termed “ Mike ’s [ Mann ] Nature trick . ”
Most people think it refers to CRU tree ring data after 1960 , which do show a decline in temperature .
However , I believe that it refers to Michael Mann ’s “ trick ” in hiding the fact that his multi-proxy data did not show the expected warming after 1979 .
So he abruptly cut off his analysis in 1979 and simply inserted the thermometer data supplied by Jones , which do claim a strong temperature increase .
Hence the hockey - stick , suggesting a sudden major warming during the past century .
Only a thorough scientific investigation will be able to document that there was no strong warming after 1979 , that the instrumented warming record is based on data manipulation , involving the selection of certain weather stations , [ and the de-selection of others that showed no warming ] , plus applying insufficient corrections for local heating .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
http://twitter.com/waoki/
Oh , UNO lose ...... Gleison Tibau is real deal .
it is apparent
宇野さん負けか。チバウの強さはやはり…か。
This fact ( GOMI lose ) is a knife .
this knife ..... They threatened me at knife - point . but I do not fear it ...
I stab them !!!
現実というナイフを喉元に突きつけられた。でも驚きはしない。刺してやる
at that time , SASAHARA DREAM president said http://twitter.com/sasaharakeiichi
By this result , AOKI vs Melendez means important .... more and more
五味選手の敗北で、青木×メレンデスの意味合いがさらに重たくなってきました。
AOKI answerd
No , defferent , , , , it means defferent , and MIND is defferent !!
関係ない。端っから覚悟が違う。そして意味が違うRT @sasaharakeiichi : 五味選手の敗北で、青木×メレンデスの意
Today is end .... For me everyday is realfight ...
今日も１日終わる。毎日がガチンコだ
It is not often that we follow a list so closely with a similar one , but when I recently came across a variety of new facts that were completely new to me , I decided that I must share them as soon as possible .
It is my hope that the majority of these facts will be unknown to the majority of our readers .
You may know one or two but hopefully you will finish this list at least 10 facts smarter than when you started .
1 Facts 1 – 5
1. Mozart , ever the comedian , wrote a piece of music in 1782 for six voices called “ lick me in the ass ” ( “ Leck mich im Arsch ” ) or more colloquially “ kiss my ass ” .
You can listen to a recording of it in the youtube clip above .
For the more technically minded musicians amongst you , it is K. 231 ( K. 382c ) .
He also wrote a piece called “ Lick my ass until it is nice and clean ” ( K.233/382d ) .
Despite the risk of shocking you all , here are the lyrics to the second song .
Lick my ass nicely ,
lick it nice and clean ,
nice and clean , lick my ass .
That ’s a greasy desire ,
nicely buttered ,
like the licking of roast meat , my daily activity .
Three will lick more than two ,
come on , just try it ,
and lick , lick , lick .
Everybody lick his own ass himself .
2. 2×4 ( 4×2 to the British ) is not .
2×4 is the name used to refer to a common size of timber , but what most people do n’t realize is that it is actually 1.5×3.5 .
The reason for this is that the named measurement refers to the size of the rough lumber before drying and planing .
3 . Hippopotamuses – incredibly dangerous creatures – have a very unique ability : instead of sweating , they exude a pink liquid which is a natural sun block .
This , and their ability to spend an indefinite amount of time in the water helps to keep them safe from the blistering sun .
4. Kangaroos ca n’t fart .
They convert the small quantity of methane they produce into an energy source which their body reuses .
Scientists hope that they will be able to transfer the bacteria that causes this in kangaroos to cows , to reduce methane emissions to save the world from the latest fashionable catastrophe : global warming .
5. During the Cold War , the US military developed a rifle that fired nuclear war heads .
It was called the Davy Crocket and production of this smallest nuclear weapon began in 1956 , with a total of 2,100 being made .
The weapon was deployed with U.S. Army forces from 1961 to 1971 .
2 Facts 6 – 10
6 . Have you ever noticed that when you have a bowl of nuts , the bigger ones make their way to the top ?
This event actually has a scientific name : the Brazil Nut Effect .
The term refers to the phenomenon in which the largest particles end up on the surface when a granular material containing a mixture of objects of different sizes is shaken .
7 . Have you ever had a dream in which you wake up and go about your daily routine – only to discover that you are actually still asleep ?
This can be incredibly frustrating as you realize you need to re-do everything you have already done ( in the dream ) .
It is extremely realistic and most people experience it .
This event is called a “ false awakening ” or a “ dream within a dream ” .
It is even possible to have multiple cases of false awakenings in one dream .
This is used to good effect ( though perhaps it is a bit cliched now ) in movies .
8. Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name .
The official name , used on all state documents , is “ Rhode Island and Providence Plantations . ”
9 . In the course of seeking cures for mental illness , some very bizarre methods have been tried .
In 1650 Athanasius Kircher ( a Jesuit scholar ) invented a musical instrument to cure melancholy .
The instrument was called a “ katzenklavier ” and it consisted of a line of cats fixed in place with their tails sticking out underneath a keyboard .
When they keys were struck the cats would meow in pain .
The concept never caught on .
[ Picture above ]
10 .
In 1859 a solar storm hit the earth ( the largest in recorded history ) .
It was caused by massive sunspots and solar flares .
It was so intense that auroras were seen around the earth ( even in the caribbean ) and the ones over the Rocky Mountains were so bright that gold miners thought it was morning .
It knocked out the telegraph systems of Europe and North America .
If you wish to look it up for more information , it is called the “ Solar storm of 1859 ” or “ Carrington Event ” .
3 Facts 11 – 15
11 . You may have noticed that actors and TV frontsmen used to have a slightly more refined accent than the standard American accent heard these days .
In fact , there is a name for it : Mid-Atlantic English or the Transatlantic accent .
The accent does not exist in nature and is entirely learned through boarding schools pre-1960 , or developed by spending extended time in various Anglophone communities outside one ’s native environment , most typically in North America and the United Kingdom .
While the accent is passing from use now , Kelsey Grammer ( from the program Frasier ) uses it ( clip above ) .
12 . When correcting a person ’s grammar on the Internet , invariably you make a grammatical error of your own .
This is called Muphry ’s Law ( intentionally misspelt ) .
Just remember that next time the grammar nazi in you decides to show its ugly head .
13 .
It is possible to get drunk in prison thanks to a special thing called “ prison wine ” or “ pruno ” .
It is an alcoholic liquid variously made from apples , oranges , fruit cocktail , ketchup , sugar , and possibly other ingredients , including bread .
Pruno originated in ( and remains largely confined to ) prisons , where it can be produced cheaply , easily , and discreetly .
The taste is described as vomit flavored wine cooler .
14 . The PhD is not the highest degree a person can receive .
There is also a Doctor of Sciences ( DSc / ScD ) and Doctor of Letters ( DLitt / LittD ) which is normally awarded in Britain , Ireland , and the commonwealth nations though it is occasionally awarded in the United States .
It is normally awarded for a substantial and sustained contribution to the art to which it applies – for example science and literature .
Mark Twain was awarded a Doctor of Letters by Oxford University .
Just to add to the confusion , there is also a PhB which is a bachelor of philosophy which is equal to a Masters degree despite its name .
15 .
Have you noticed that some people seem to have very appropriate ( and entirely coincidental ) names ?
Names such Usain Bolt ( Jamaican sprinter ) , Lord Brain ( brain surgeon ) , or Alto Reed ( saxophonist ) .
This is called an “ aptronym ” as in “ aptly named ” .
Some people believe that the name can influence life decisions leading a person to work in a field relating to their name .
This is called nominative determinism .
+ Wilhelm Scream
Just for fun I thought I would add a bonus item : the Wilhelm Scream .
The Wilhelm scream is a frequently - used film and television stock sound effect first used in 1951 for the film Distant Drums .
The effect gained new popularity ( its use often becoming an in - joke ) after it was used in Star Wars and many other blockbuster films as well as television programs and video games .
The scream is often used when someone is falling to his death from great height .
Enjoy the video above – it is a compilation of the Wilhelm scream from a variety of movies .
The bill covers a broad range of digital issues Opponents of the controversial Digital Economy Bill have urged MPs to give it " the debate it deserves " when it is discussed in the Commons later .
The bill includes plans to give Ofcom powers to cut off internet connections of persistent net pirates and measures which could see some websites blocked .
Campaigners have booked newspaper ads claiming the government aims to " fast track it into law before the election " .
The government said the bill had been debated several times .
" The Digital Economy Bill has been extensively debated and scrutinised in the House of Lords , with seven days in Committee and three days in Report Stage , " a spokesperson for the Department of Business Innovation and Skills ( Bis ) told the BBC .
" The bill spent three months in the House of Lords , and we have made significant amendments to strengthen and clarify it . "
The second reading of the bill will begin at around 1530 BST .
The discussion would " carry on through the day as required " , said the spokesman .
It is supported by the creative industries and organisations such as the trade union - led Creative Coalition Campaign ( CCC ) , which has encouraged people to write to their MP to back the bill .
The CCC has taken out a full - page newspaper advert which appears in the Guardian asking MPs to support the bill , saying : " We need to act now before even more jobs come under threat . "
' Wash - up '
The opposition advert , which appears in the Guardian and the Times , was bought by the Open Rights Group ( ORG ) and digital campaigners 38 Degrees , paid for by donations .
Headlined " 20,684 of us demand a proper debate on the Digital Economy Bill " , it claims that most people have " major worries " about the plans but they are being fast - tracked into law " sidestepping debate and opposition " .
The campaigners have been encouraging people to e-mail their MP to protest against the bill and say that 20,684 have already done so .
We think clauses 11 to 18 , which allow people to be disconnected and websites to be blocked - should be dropped
Jim Killock
Open Rights Group
Opposition mounts to digital bill
But the ORG believes the bill may be pushed through in the so - called " wash - up " period , where outstanding bills are quickly vetted and voted through Parliament usually in the last 48 or 72 hours before a dissolution .
The Bis spokesperson said it was not possible to predict whether the bill would be part of " any hypothetical ' wash - up ' period " .
Future proof The Digital Economy Bill contains several controversial elements , including a so - called " three strikes rule " , which would give regulator Ofcom new powers to disconnect or slow down the connections of persistent net pirates .
A recent industry study , by economics firm TERA Consultants on behalf of the International Chamber of Commerce , said that the UK's creative industries experienced losses of 1.4bn euros ( £ 1.2 bn ) in 2008 due to piracy .
DIGITAL ECONOMY BILL Legal framework for tackling copyright infringement via education and technical measures New duties for Ofcom to assess the UK 's communications infrastructure every two years Modernising spectrum to increase investment in mobile broadband Framework for the move to digital radio switchover by 2015 Updating Channel 4 functions to encompass public service content , on TV and online Age ratings compulsory for all boxed video games aimed at those over 12 years
Web giants oppose copyright plans " The bill is a sensible and much needed response to what has become an unacceptable situation for those whose livelihoods depend on the success of the creative industries , " said Martin Spence , assistant general secretary of Bectu and a representative of CCC .
But critics of the bill - including several leading internet service providers ( ISPs ) - say it can be difficult to identify persistent file - sharers , particularly those that share a web connection or use a public access point .
The opposition adverts say that this " could mean millions of homes , schools and libraries are threatened with internet disconnection and tribunals " .
" It could also spell the end of free , open wireless internet in the UK , " it continues .
ORG have also outlined concerns to Clause 18 of the bill .
This originally outlined how the government intended to create the power to deal with new unforeseen methods of copyright infringement , without the need for further legislation .
Powers could include the right to block access to websites .
The clause has been amended several times , with one version presented to the House of Lords shown to have been largely drafted by music industry group the BPI .
Web firms including Google and Facebook have objected to previous drafts .
A new amendment - to be introduced at the second reading - grants " limited power to propose regulations in the future " , including the ability to block websites , after consultation with industry .
" We think clauses 11 to 18 - which allow people to be disconnected and websites to be blocked - should be dropped , " said ORG's Jim Killock .
' Fuller debate '
In recent days , the bill 's opponents have done their best to prove to the politicians that they 've misread the public mood .
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC Technology Correspondent
Read Rory 's blog in full
Other groups have also spoken out about the bill .
Jeremy Silver , acting CEO of the Featured Artists Coalition , which campaigns for performers ' and musicians ' rights , said the bill was of " tremendous importance " and much of it was " very valuable " .
" However , there are quite a few sections which are quite controversial and quite difficult to understand and have been amended a lot during the course of the passage of the bill , " he said .
" If democracy is to be meaningful in a case like this then that debate needs to be aired and continued in the right places , " said Mr Silver .
He also questioned whether dealing with it during the " wash - up " period would be appropriate for a bill on which there was such a lack of consensus .
The Liberal Democrats have said they will oppose any plans to rush it into law and have called for the bill in its present form to be scrapped and re-introduced in the next Parliament .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 'm talking super short season - check out my zone .
I put my hybrids out with hot caps in mid-May this year ; usually they do n't go out until June .
They 're doing surprisingly well ( Sunstart and Applause ) .
We can expect frosts in mid-September with occasional surprise frosts toward the end of August some years .
The only heirloom I 've had limited success with was Speckled Roman and a hollow yellow I do n't remember the name of , but even then there were only half a dozen toms that ripened of all the plants .
I would love to grow something like Black Krim , but sadly I think that dream may just have to be put aside for now .
Anyway , I 'd love a really tasty fresh eating OP tomato as well as a paste for freezing and canning .
Any suggestions ?
This is n’t a rant .
More like a vent .
I ’m not upset .
I just need to share an art modeling anecdote that addresses one of my relatively few grievances with this profession .
A “ pet peeve ” , as they say .
Yesterday at FIT , I was posing for a large life drawing class .
Before we began drawing , the instructor took a few minutes to explain that day ’s assignment to the students .
I always pay attention to those lectures because it ’s also important for me , as the model , to understand the assignment , as it influences my posing .
She also showed some sample drawings to illustrate what she was looking for , and those were very helpful as well .
So I listened attentively and decided that an active reclining pose would be best .
The students were asked to divide their paper into several sections and draw a different body part in each one of those sections .
Could be any body parts – a foot , a hand , the torso , an ear , a thigh , a shoulder , etc .
With an active reclining pose , the anatomy of the figure is well - displayed .
I can outstretch one arm , bend one leg , arch the back to reveal the breasts and the rib cage , twist a little , and hold my gaze up toward the ceiling so facial features can still be seen .
I was going to make everything as pronounced and as interesting as I could , providing negative spaces , both horizontal and vertical lines , a cornucopia of human anatomy .
I really felt , instinctually , that the pose was perfect for that project .
I shared my idea with the instructor and she thought it was terrific , so we set it up .
I got into my pose and she walked around the platform to view it from all angles .
Then she gave me an enthusiastic thumbs - up .
“ Looks great ! ” , she said .
“ I wish I was drawing this myself ! ” .
I was pleased 🙂
But then , about a minute after I set my timer and started the pose , I heard a voice .
“ Can we just have her stand ?
I ca n’t draw this ! ” .
Uh oh .
Here we go .
Then another one , “ Yeah , me neither !
Let ’s do something else . ”
And another one .
“ This is no good !
Let ’s do a sitting pose . ”
These were the voices of students .
Young , inexperienced art students , trying to undo my work and reject my well thought - out pose .
I ’m sorry , but that ’s a no - no .
And the hits just kept on coming .
“ How about sitting in a stool ? ” .
“ No , I want standing ! ” .
“ How about turning to the left and sitting Indian - style ? ” .
You know what ?
How about shutting the hell up and letting me do my job ?????
Grrrrrrr 😈
Here ’s the deal .
In this environment – undergraduate art school , room full of first year art students , and an assignment that was essentially a practice exercise – only TWO people should decide on the pose : the model and the teacher .
You ca n’t have 25 different people barking out their own opinions and ordering the model around to accommodate their individual preferences .
First of all it ’s just rude and bad manners .
That ’s number one .
Number two , an art class is not a democracy .
I know that sounds awful and fascist , but it ’s the way it has to be , otherwise it ’s chaos .
At places like the National Academy , the students are n’t even allowed in the room when the pose is decided .
They wait outside while the model , the instructor , and the monitors set up the pose in the studio .
Then the students come in and select their spot based on the pose they ’ve been given .
A small , intimate group of professional artists in a private studio is an entirely different dynamic .
In those situations , which are more collaborative in nature , I am happy to ask the five or six people what kind of pose they would prefer .
And a consensus is always reached without conflict .
Different settings call for different behaviors .
So at FIT yesterday I did n’t get visibly annoyed or raise my voice or anything like that .
I never behave that way as I am the “ anti- diva ” 😆
But I was a bit frustrated and tried to explain that the reclined pose would work best with their assigned project .
“ But it ’s too complicated !!
I ca n’t see !! ” .
No , children .
It would be complicated if you had to draw the WHOLE THING .
You ’re not drawing the WHOLE THING .
You ’re drawing parts .
Any parts you want .
From any angle you want .
Get up and move if you do n’t like your perspective !
Geez .
My point is that people have to trust the model and let her do her job .
I ’m not an arrogant person generally , and I feel really uncomfortable even writing this but . . .
I know what I ’m doing .
I ’ve been doing it a long time .
I ’m presenting the pose , and young art students need to just be quiet , and draw , and learn .
If you reject new challenges you ’ll never learn anything .
And art models are not indentured servants .
We are there by choice , not by force .
The “ public debate ” thing over poses is not good .
I ’ve seen it many times and it ’s never productive , just like that saying about “ too many cooks spoil the pot ” .
I do n’t appreciate students barking orders at me when I ’m up on the platform , taking a pose that , incidentally , was already approved by the teacher .
She ’s paid to do her job , just as I ’m paid to do mine .
So please , do n’t shout shit at me when I ’m trying to work !
Think of it this way ; how appropriate would it be for me , the model , to walk around the room on my break giving critiques of the students ’ drawings and telling them to make changes ?
Not appropriate at all , because it ’s not my job and I ’m not qualified .
So after 10 minutes – that ’s 10 wasted minutes , by the way – of testing out inferior poses , for no other reason except to indulge the capricious whims of teenagers , we ended up with . . . the original pose .
The same one I started with !
There was one minor adjustment - a second pillow under my back .
That ’s it .
That was the big alteration .
Everything ’s fine .
I like FIT a lot , and I like the students there .
They just lack confidence , I guess .
And maybe they get nervous when they see something that tests their skills , so they panic .
I understand that .
By the way , after all the confusion they ended up doing really excellent drawings !
Even the instructor said so .
I was very proud of them .
Oh man , why did n’t they just trust me in the first place ?
: sigh :
Photo by Fred Hatt
movie was main character Tony Stark 's life assistant , named Jarvis .
Unlike the original comic , in which Jarvis was Stark 's human butler , the movie version of Jarvis is an intelligent computer that converses with Stark , monitors his household and helps build and program his superhero suit .
" One of my initial thoughts when I saw Jarvis in the movie was , ' Wow what an amazing technology ; I 'd love to have this .
Maybe I 'll have it when I'm 80 years old , ' " says Barraford , who spends his days providing Mac - related tech support for colleges and universities .
But the more he thought about it , the more he realized it was n't actually so impossible .
" I thought , ' maybe I can't develop Jarvis exactly , but what can I do ? ' "
A lot , it turns out .
After two weeks of tinkering and AppleScript coding , he booted up his own " digital life assistant , " which he also named Jarvis .
Running on a four - year - old Mac Mini , Jarvis wakes Barraford up in the morning , fills him in on real - time weather reports and breaking news via instant message and tracks his financial transactions , Netflix arrivals and Amazon packages .
And just like his Hollywood counterpart , he can respond to verbal commands — and even talk back .
For all of Jarvis 's talents , he came at a bargain : $ 691.98 to be exact , which includes the Mac Mini , radio - frequency - identification ( RFID ) tag reader , an X10 home automation system , wall speakers and a wireless microphone .
Here 's How Jarvis Works
Jarvis Can Talk
Barraford developed a language interpretation system that employs MacSpeech Dictate , a program that converts speech into text so Jarvis can interpret it .
In this video , Barraford demonstrates Jarvis 's listening and speaking abilities .
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
He Can Wake You
Here , Barraford demonstrates Jarvis 's alarm clock system and daily weather report .
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
Jarvis Watches Over the Home
Barraford gave his dog and his close friends RFID keychains so that Jarvis would know when they are in the apartment .
" He figures out who is home and who is n't , and he changes the environmental settings based on that information , " Barraford says .
For example , Jarvis uses the X10 system to turn off the lights if no one is home , and when friends are over he keeps Barraford 's Facebook notifications private , instead of reading them aloud like usual .
In this video , Barraford demonstrates the RFID tag reader .
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
And He Can Even Help With Migraines
Jarvis really comes in handy when Barraford gets a debilitating migraine headache , which occurs about once every other month .
An instant message is all it takes to switch Jarvis into migraine mode , which calls for him to send an e-mail to Barraford 's boss , update Twitter and Facebook and dim the apartment lights .
Here is how it works .
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Is Wrestling Taking the Martial Arts out of Mixed Martial Arts ?
Is American wrestling stalling the progress of Mixed Martial Arts ?
Some fans think so , and after some recent matches in particular , arguments are rife that wrestlers are killing the aesthetics of the sport .
By Michael Schiavello , HDNet
Every MMA fan , commentator and reporter has found themselves in a discussion as to who are the best fighters to watch , which is different from a discussion about who are the best fighters period .
Being one of the best fighters to watch does not necessarily equate to being one of the best fighters in terms of winning accomplishments .
Take Melvin Manhoef for example .
Few would argue that Melvin is one of the best fighters to watch because he always brings the proverbial rage to the ring .
His most attractive asset is his raw , explosive , unhindered power with little care for defense — which , unfortunately , is often his undoing .
Melvin will never be classified as one of the best MMA fighters in the world , but he will always be listed as one of the best to watch .
Of course , there are fighters who double up as being the best to watch and also the actual best in skill level and results .
Look no further than Fedor Emelianenko as the prime example .
Fedor is largely considered one of the best fighters to watch because he possesses a skill set most of us believe encapsulates the true and complete MMA fighter : he can fight equally well standing or on the ground , on his back or in top position , he finishes fights by both submissions and strikes – and does so in highlight reel fashion .
On top of that , he epitomizes the attributes of humility , focus and discipline that traditional martial arts seeks to ingrain in its students .
You get the feeling that the late Mas Oyama , Gichin Funakoshi or even Jigaro Kano would have enjoyed watching Fedor do as he does in the ring and act as he does outside of the ring .
( For the record , if you ’re wondering who the hell are any of the names I just mentioned , you should Google and really become better versed as to where and by whom the many styles of martial arts were developed .
It ’s a pet hate of mine that many so - called Mixed Martial Arts reporters do not know much at all of the origins of the various arts beyond a basic knowledge of Helio Gracie , Bruce Lee and old Kung Fu films ) .
Anderson Silva is another fighter invariably thrown into the mix as being among the best to watch and the best fighter in the sport .
Take away his mind - numbingly boring fight in Abu Dhabi and Anderson ’s career is littered with superb knockouts , excellent submissions and some of the most sublime displays of speed and footwork ever seen in MMA .
Other names that often arise in these discussions include : Lyoto Machida , Marius Zaromskis , Nick Diaz , Gegard Mousasi , Forrest Griffin , Wanderlei Silva , Vitor Belfort , Joachim Hansen and JZ Cavalcante .
Do you notice something about this list ?
Look closely .
None of these fighters have a base in wrestling .
Wrestlers are among the most disciplined , hardest working and diligent athletes in any sport .
I marvel at the skill level of world class wrestlers who have transitioned successfully to Mixed Martial Arts , from guys like Mark Coleman and Dan Severn in the early days who developed the prototype for the successful American wrestler in MMA .
Their takedowns , top control , ground and pound recipe ( I call it TD , TC , GnP ) paved the way for the likes of Randy Couture , Tito Ortiz and Matt Hughes , right up to the new breed of gun wrestlers like Brock Lesnar , Joe Warren , Mo Lawal , Gray Maynard and Ryan Bader .
In fact , with the exception of Semmy Schilt facing you in a K - 1 match , I ca n’t think of a more imposing sight in fight sports than a high level American wrestler standing across the ring from you knowing they are going to take you down , put you on your back , sit in your half guard and beat up on you like a piñata .
Keeping that new laptop safe
Monday , August 21 , 2006
Well the calendar says August 21 so that means that millions of students will be heading back to schools all over the country very soon .
As the students stroll onto those campuses I am guessing many will be in possession of a brand new laptop computer daddy just paid for , or was paid for with hard work they did over the summer months .
While laptop computers have certainly gotten cheaper over the past couple years the ease of someone snatching that laptop is just as easy .
Also the rise in identity theft can be contributed in part to laptop theft around the world .
That is why I have decided to write this article about laptop theft / identity theft prevention .
I will spell out the usual mumbo jumbo laptop theft prevention stuff here :
Never leave your laptop computer unattended in any public location ( i.e .
The Library , study lounges , public benches , the all night kegger being held at your dorm , etc . )
Always lock offices or dorm rooms where the laptop is left .
If possible use a security device such as steel cable locks to secure your laptop computer .
Most computer stores sell a number of security devices .
Also the laptop manufacturer may recommend and sell overpriced security devices on their own website .
Always contact the cops in the event of a theft .
Keep a copy of the serial number in a safe place that is easily accessible in the event of a theft .
Homeowners insurance may cover the loss of your laptop outside the home ( contact your agent or insurance company for more information ) .
People living in apartments should consider getting renters insurance .
Register your laptop with your university program .
Consider buying a small personal safe that your laptop can fit in along with other important items .
Now onto the fun stuff .
Targus sells a laptop computer alarm that senses motion and puts out an ear bleeding scream sure to wake that passed out roommate of yours .
Find them cheap at Ebay for around $ 15 - $ 20 shipped .
Thanks to biometrics IBM sells a laptop computer with a fingerprint reader .
What this means is when the stupid criminal that takes your laptop tries to use it he will have no luck whatsoever because the laptop will need your fingerprint to boot up .
Hopefully the thief will realize this when they are about to take your laptop and move onto an easier target .
There are a number of laptop computer tracking services that allow you to hunt down the thief and give him or her a good beating .
Ok maybe not quite like that but they can detect what ip address the laptop is using while on the net and then let you know .
Use passwords for all logins .
Bios password , Hard drive password , user name password , administrator password , and the user tag enabled .
Yes this requires entering password hell but if you make one password that fits all of these it should make it easier .
Here you can make a password with a Secure Password Generator .
Even though random number and letters are hard to remember I remember them by where they are on the keyboard and in relation to each other .
It seems to help me .
Many of the newer laptops have webcams on them .
Here is a sweet webcam security system article if you were lucky enough to get a Mac .
There is also something similar for Intel / Windows based computer with TinCam Video surveillance software which detects motion and then alerts you .
Consider buyng a small USB Jump Drive to store sensitive information on .
Also backups of important school documents can be saved on them .
Nothing would be worse than having your laptop stolen and then be a victim of identity theft .
** Update 8-22-06 **
Beaumont Hospital in Detroit loses 28,473 patient records in a stolen / missing laptop .
