A former Mountlake Terrace , Washington , police officer who was vilified and fired because he supports the decriminalization of marijuana has won a massive settlement from the city and Snohomish County .
The two entities will pay Sgt. Jonathan Wender $ 815,000 , in addition to three years of back pay .
But wait -- there 's more :
The city will also pay him his $ 90,000 a year salary for the next two years while he stays on administrative leave and then retires with full benefits .
Wender is a member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) and a professor at the University of Washington , where he writes and lectures about police work and drug policy .
While a police officer , he had repeatedly and publicly criticized the department and its commanders over a number of issues , including drug law enforcement .
That public dissent irked commanders and led to the department and the Snohomish County prosecutors office ultimately firing him on a pretext .
In July 2005 , Wender received a call from a woman who reported a marijuana plant growing at her ex-husband 's house .
Under the couple 's divorce settlement , drug use was forbidden because of the presence of children .
Wender responded by telephoning the man and telling him he was " foolish and irresponsible " to be growing a pot plant and to " do what he needed to do " immediately .
But the woman entered the house the next day , saw marijuana plants still there , photographed them and gave the photos to narcotics detectives , who raided the house .
Both department commanders and Snohomish County prosecutors used the incident to begin investigations of Wender , with prosecutors labeling him a " Brady cop , " or a police officer whose integrity or honesty is so in doubt that prosecutors must tell defense attorneys about the allegations .
That was enough to get Wender fired , even though he was never charged with a crime .
He sued , alleging the department and the county violated his free speech rights and fired him because of his political beliefs .
He also claimed that prosecutors and the department gave him no opportunity to challenge the " Brady cop " finding , thus violating his right to due process .
That the city and the county settled the case instead of going to trial showed that Wender was targeted for his political views , his attorney , Andrea Brenneke , told the Seattle Times after the settlement was announced .
" He was enforcing the law , " Brenneke said .
" The department and prosecutors made an assumption that because of his beliefs about the war on drugs that Sgt.
Wender was n't doing his job .
That 's not true . "
Depositions from several other local police officers taken in the case showed that , while they might have handled the 2005 case differently , they all thought his response was within his discretion as a police officer .
But his commanders and county prosecutors saw an opportunity to get rid of someone whose views challenged theirs .
Now , the good citizens of Mountlake Terrace and Snohomish County will pay .
A moment last Monday , just after noon , in Manhattan .
It 's slightly overcast , not cold , a good day for walking .
I'm in the 90s on Fifth heading south , enjoying the broad avenue , the trees , the wide cobblestone walkway that rings Central Park .
Suddenly I realize : Something 's odd here .
Something 's strange .
It 's quiet .
I can hear each car go by .
The traffic 's not an indistinct roar .
The sidewalks are n't full , as they normally are .
It 's like a holiday , but it 's not , it 's the middle of a business day in February .
I thought back to two weeks before when a friend and I zoomed down Park Avenue at evening rush hour in what should ...
Yesterday morning I wrote about a new ESPN / NBA ad that seemed awfully homophobic .
HRC reports that ESPN immediately recognized the problem , pulled the ad , and issued an apology .
Excellent work by HRC , and good job by ESPN as well .
Most companies dawdle when things like this come up ( cough , Snickers ) , but ESPN stepped up to the plate .
And for that they get our thanks .
This past weekend brought us the latest installment of advertisers using homophobia to sell their products .
This time , the ad was on ESPN promoting its NBA programming .
The ad features NBA star Shaquille O’Neal rejecting the offer of a “ fist kiss ” from sports commentator Mike Breen .
The spot is generating significant concern in the LGBT community for its portrayal of affection among men as “ disgusting ” .
We ’ve contacted a member of ESPN ’s diversity department who ’s worked with HRC for a long time .
She assured us that they were taking the matter seriously and that the ad would be getting pulled and an apology issued .
It seems that the ad was approved lower down the food chain and , once reasonable folks became aware of it at HQ , they saw the offense .
The largest hoard of prehistoric gold coins in Britain in modern times has been discovered by a metal detectorist in East Anglia .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 824 gold staters , worth the modern equivalent of up to £ 1 m when they were in circulation , were in a field near Wickham Market , Suffolk .
Almost all the coins were minted by royal predecessors of Boudicca , the warrior queen of the Iceni tribe who revolted against Rome in AD 60 .
The solid gold staters – each weighing just over 5g – were made between 40BC and AD 15 , most of them in the final 35 years of that period .
They were buried in a plain pottery vessel , possibly inside a rectilinear religious compound , between 15 and AD 20 .
Although it has not yet been proved , it is likely the hoard represented part of the wealth of an individual or community and was buried as a votive offering at a time of a political stress , drought or other natural disaster .
This is the first major Icenian gold coin hoard found but the tribe had a tradition of making votive offerings of other gold objects .
At one of their major religious centres , Snettisham in northern Norfolk , the tribe buried at least 30kg of gold and silver jewellery .
also within a rectilinear enclosure .
The discovery is important because it highlights the probable political , economic and religious importance of an area on the southern fringe of Icenian territory , near its border with the Trinovantian tribal kingdom .
The Wickham Market area seems to have been of great importance in Iron Age times .
Within a few miles of the spot where the coins were found are two other important sites .
“ The [ new ] hoard is absolutely unique , ” said Ian Leins , the British Museum ’s curator of Iron Age coins .
“ It is the largest hoard of British Iron Age gold coins to be studied in its entirety . ”
The find is the most substantial Iron Age gold coin hoard found in Britain since 1849 , when a farm worker unearthed between 800 and 2,000 gold staters in a field near Milton Keynes .
To protect the site , archaeologists from Suffolk County Council kept the discovery under wraps for months while they made secret excavations , funded by the British Museum .
The area was thoroughly searched to ensure that all of the coins had been found before the discovery was announced to the public .
While Obama has already said he opposes the “ Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell ” ( DADT ) policy , which basically bans gay and lesbian Americans from serving in the US military , this reiteration of that position is significant .
Yesterday , the Obama transition team chose to include a question about DADT in their weekly online Q&A ; with incoming White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
In that Q&A ; , Gibbs reads a question from Thaddeus in Lansing , Michigan .
Thaddeus asks :
“ Is the new administration going to get rid of the ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ policy ? ”
Gibbs answers :
“ Thaddeus , you do n’t hear a politician give a one - word answer much , but it ’s ‘ Yes . ' ”
Why is this significant ?
Because they affirmatively chose to include that question in this week ’s Q&A ; – it did n’t just come up by chance .
That means a number of things .
First , Obama is showing , I believe , that he feels the need to reiterate his support for the civil rights of gay and lesbian Americans ( I suspect in the wake of the Rick Warren fiasco , and expressions of concern from the gay community that gays were excluded from Obama ’s cabinet ) .
That ’s good , as it shows that some of the recent disaffection by gay and lesbian Obama supporters has not gone unnoticed .
Second ,
It ’s one thing to make a promise during a campaign , it ’s quite another to reiterate that promise categorically after the election is over and at the very beginning of the new president ’s administration .
Bill Clinton got into a lot of trouble by bringing up DADT at the beginning of his administration in 1992 .
A lot of that trouble was Clinton ’s own doing – Clinton walked into a buzz saw because he did not prepare for the obvious opposition he would face .
You do n’t announce you ’re going to do something this revolutionary until you ’re ready for the blow - back , until you ’re ready to win – Clinton was n’t ready , and he got rolled .
The natural impulse for Obama , or any politician , after watching what happened to Clinton , is to avoid gay rights in general , and to certainly not get into it at the beginning of your term ( thus much of the concern gays and lesbians have had with Obama reaching out to Rick Warren and not including gays and lesbians in his cabinet ) .
The fact that Obama chose to have Gibbs bring up DADT , and state categorically that he will repeal DADT , is therefore , in my eyes , significant .
He did n’t have to , but he did anyway .
Having said that , at some point words are n’t enough .
I sincerely hope the Obama team is preparing to actually lift the ban , and preparing for just how they ’re going to do it while avoiding the calamity that befell Clinton .
They also need to figure out when they ’re going to do it .
Right now , I suspect Obama feels the need to ( understandably ) focus on the economy , exclusively .
But next year is a congressional election year , and the two years after that are presidential election years .
All of that begs against addressing DADT , against making any controversial decisions on anything .
Team Obama needs to prepare now for how they ’re going to lift the ban in a timely , successful fashion .
And if they do , God bless ’em .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wP8lj2d_qrM]
Back in May , when Death Cab For Cutie front man Ben Gibbard did his best to drum up support for a man who , at the time , seemed a million miles from the White House , the crowd in which I stood to watch them play were unsure what to make of the political outburst for Barack Obama , sandwiched as it was between heartfelt ballads to broken relationships and pessimistic rocking - out .
It did n’t help that we were in Camden , and that most of the crowd had no more than a passing interest in the fledgling presidential election .
Fast forward to today , and with the world ’s media still catching it ’s breath from the heady run-up to November 4th and its mind - bending outcome , the music community , all corners of which endorsed Barack Obama so wholeheartedly , are still adjusting to the sea change ; the prospect of having a liberal president who might be on the side of the rebels themselves is as daunting artistically as it is politically .
For eight years , bands like Death Cab have had privilege of an alignment of the everyday frustrations of their young , male audiences ( girlfriend trouble et al ) , and the political frustrations of a disenfranchised liberal class who were having to endure George W Bush ’s right - wing presidency .
So , when I got a chance to talk to Ben last week about the band ’s new single “ No Sunlight ” ( see the awesome black cabs session rendition below ) , I was interested in whether he felt the new climate of political optimism jarred with the dark subject matter of much of the band 's recent work .
Ben : " It absolutely does .
I can definitely see problems there ; I 've never been more proud of my country , to quote Michelle Obama , as I have in the last month or so .
I was at my girlfriend 's parents house and we were all watching the returns come in and when Ohio went to Obama it became clear that the west coast was going to come in for him .
I get choked up just thinking about it now .
There was only one person I talked to who was n't a complete mess that night .
I was really truly a really powerful moment .
In the wake of the last 8 years of horrendous administration , and also facing these really dire economic circumstances that these last 8 years have directly been the cause of .
For one night it was good to feel proud to be an American and going into this administration I would like to hope that everybody who so furtively supported Obama will become more involved physically than they have before .
Now he is the president , it 's going to take a lot of sacrifice and hard work to get our country back on track .
Ben : I do n't know .
I do n't want to start to write Beach Boy songs but I certainly do feel that I 'm in a very different place than I was writing this material , and I was dealing with a lot of things in my life that were very detrimental .
I 'm more interested to see how that will affect the tone of the next record than the political spectrum .
Ben :
The new single is supposed to be a dramatic metaphorical take on the loss of innocence .
As I grow older I 've kind of lost a sense of optimism .
Even though there 's the line " the optimist dies inside of me " in the song , I think its got more to do with the sense that we start on particular paths in our lives and before long we look back and realise that the forks in the road are a bit further behind than they were a few years before .
There 's a kind of beautiful acceptance and giving yourself over to the past and the choices you have made , a sense of melancholy and the question of what could have been if you 'd made a different decision .
If you 've been staring at the Sun lately , then you may have noticed it looks a wee bit bigger today than it did a few days ago .
That 's not because the UV light from the Sun is frying your retina ; it 's actually true .
Today is perihelion , the time when the Earth is closest to the Sun in its orbit .
Sitting here on this whirling blob of mud , we actually go around the Sun in an ellipse , not a circle .
It 's almost a circle , though .
The deviation of an ellipse from perfect circelness is called the eccentricity , and runs from 0 ( a true circle ) to 1 ( which would actually be a parabola , kind of like a circle stretched out infinitely to one side ) .
The formula for eccentricity is pretty simple :
The a in the equation is the semimajor axis of the ellipse , or half the long dimension .
b is the semiminor axis -- half the short width .
For a circle , a = b , so the equation works out to 0 as it should .
As the ellipse gets more oval , a gets bigger and b gets smaller , and the eccentricity approaches the value of 1 .
For the Earth 's orbit , the eccentricity is a miniscule 0.0167 , meaning that a and b are pretty close to being the same value .
The semimajor axis of the Earth is about 149,598,000 kilometers ( 93 million miles ) .
Using the value of the eccentricity and plugging it into the equation , the semiminor axis of the Earth is about 149,577,000 km .
So you might think that the Earth gets as far as 149,598,000 km from the Sun , and as close as 149,577,000 , a difference of about 21,000 kilometers ( 13,000 miles ) .
But that 's not correct !
That would be true if the Sun sat at the center of the Earth 's orbital ellipse .
It does n't .
Ellipses are funny when you 're talking gravity and orbits ; the more massive object ( the Sun ) sits at the focus of the less massive object 's ( the Earth 's ) elliptical orbit .
The focus is not really the center , it 's offset from the center by the distance ( a^2 - b^ 2 ) ^ 1/2 .
Here 's our diagram again with the focus labeled :
Plugging and chugging in our values for a and b , we get the Sun being 2.5 million km ( 1.6 million miles ) from the center of the Earth 's orbit .
That means the farthest we can get from the Sun is the semimajor axis aplus the distance of the focus from the center : 149,598,000 + 2,500,000 = ( roughly ) 152,000,000 km ( 94.4 million miles ) .
The closest we can get is the semimajor axis minus the focus distance =
149,598,000 - 2,500,000 = ( roughly ) 147,000,000 km ( 91.3 million miles ) .
Note I 'm not trying to be hugely accurate here ; I just want an idea of these numbers .
So over the course of the year , the Earth ranges from about 147 million km from the Sun at its closest to about 152 million km , a difference of about 5 million km ( 3 million miles ) , or a difference of a little over 3 % .
When the Earth is precisely at the point in its orbit closest to the Sun , that 's perihelion .
That happened today , January 4 , 2009 at 15:00 UT ( 10:00 a.m. Eastern time ) .
Aphelion , when we 're farthest away , wo n't be until July 4 .
What does this mean ?
Well , that translates directly into a 3 % change in the apparent size of the Sun in the sky over the year .
Honestly ?
You 'd never notice , staring at the Sun or not .
You 'd need a telescope and careful measurements to see the difference .
Temperature ?
In fact , yeah , when we 're at perihelion the Earth gets a little more light and heat from the Sun , and less at aphelion .
Yet here in the northern hemisphere we 're in the dead of winter .
Obviously , the distance of the Earth from the Sun does n't affect the seasons very much .
Why not ?
Well , that 's a whole ' nuther story .
But for now , enjoy our solar proximity .
Over the next six months we 'll pull away from our nearest star , and then in July we 'll reach the apex of our orbit , and the dance starts all over again .
Niantic has released a new event for its Pokémon Go game .
This new event will allow you to easily catch grass - type Pokémon , as these types of “ creatures ” will spawn more often during this time .
According to Niantic , this event will end on May 8 , 2017 , which means that if you want to catch a few grass type Pokémon , you will need to do it before that date .
We have to mention that during this event , grass - type Pokémon could also spawn in areas where there is no grass at all , but as soon as the event ends , they will return to their usual habitats .
We also remind you that during the Water Festival , you had a high chance to see and catch Shiny Pokémon .
Bulbasaur , Venusaur , Exeggutor , Ivysaur , Chikorita , Bellossom and Bayleef are a few grass type Pokémon that can be caught during this weekend .
There are reports suggesting that the fans could also catch Celebi and Bellossom during the “ Worldwide Bloom , ” but Niantic has not confirmed this yet .
We remind you that Bellossom requires the newly launched Sun Stone in order to evolve from Gloom , while Celebi is a very rare Pokémon .
This event also comes with the extension of Lure modules , as Niantic has already confirmed that in order to help the fans catch their favorite grass - type Pokémon during this event , Lure Modules will last for six hours for the entire weekend .
It seems that Niantic is trying very hard to bring back the Pokémon fans to its Pokémon Go game .
However , they need to do better than this and a good example would be adding some new Pokémon or some new features or options to the game .
Are you still playing Pokémon Go ?
What do you think that this game needs in order to be as popular as it was in its first days ?
Sean Hannity is a great American .
You can hear it every day on his national radio show , where the standard caller greeting to the host is , “ Sean , you ’re a great American ! ”
The catchphrase is so well - known , it ’s been commercialized !
And who is more patriotic than Hannity , who uses his daily radio and Fox News Channel shows to maintain a vigilant watch over the slightest hint of anti-Americanism or subversion ?
Who warned you more often or at more earsplitting volume about how Barack Obama ’s life was littered with anti-American friends and associates advocating for the violent overthrow of the United States government ?
Who sounded the alarm ( Hannity ’s America , 4/13/08 ) over Bill Ayers and his leadership role in the 1960s Weather Underground group , “ whose mission was the overthrow of the United States government ” ?
And who keeps you current on who ’s who among the anti-Americans : the U.N. ( Hannity & Colmes , 9/23/08 ) , the Rev. Jeremiah ( Hannity & Colmes , 8/5/08 ) , the Air America radio network ( Hannity & Colmes , 6/25/07 ) , Michael Moore and his film Sicko ( Hannity & Colmes , 6/17/07 ) ?
That ’s why we were truly shocked to learn that Hannity ’s website is hosting a discussion where his fans can vote on the best way to violently overthrow the U.S. government :
“ There ’s a lot of talk on this board about armed revolt , ” writes the Hannity.com regular centerscroll ( who ’s posted more than 1,700 times on the site ) .
So he started an online poll ( 2/23/09 ) to find out “ what form of such a revolt the revolutionaries would prefer ” –listing as choices a “ military coup , ” in which “ the military deposes the government and declares itself in charge ” ; an “ armed rebellion , ” where “ the fed - up civilian population attacks their enemies forcibly … to ultimately depose the government and install one that follows their own ideals ” ; or “ war for secession , ” meaning “ individual states try to secede and perhaps ultimately must arm to do it . ”
centerscroll did not provide any options for those who saw no need to overthrow the Obama administration , or who preferred to resist the government through nonviolent means .
As of 4 p.m. on February 27 , 76 Hannity.com participants had voted , with 18 choosing the coup option , 31 picking armed rebellion and 27 opting for a war of secession .
Hannity better hope his Fox News colleague Bill O’Reilly does n’t see this poll .
When some Huffington Post readers celebrated a report about Nancy Reagan having an injury–in an online thread that was deleted by the blog–O ’ Reilly likened the blog ’s founder Arianna Huffington to the Nazis and the KKK ( Media Matters , 2/28/08 ) :
Arianna Huffington is the editor of this .
She knows it comes in , puts it up , along with a lot of other vile stuff .
I mean , the whole thing is a sewer … .
And do n’t you think Americans should start holding people like Arianna Huffington accountable for this ?…
She ’s allowing that stuff to go on .
Do you suppose O’Reilly would hold his colleague Sean Hannity to the same standard ?
Water fountains in some L.A. schools tested up to 500 times the government level for lead , and high lead levels have been found in our capitol ’s water system , but covered up with ‘ science fraud ‘ .
In a nation that ’s getting ready to distribute an economic stimulus package of astronomic size , where is the money to stop poisoning our kids ?
[ social_buttons ]
The author of the exposé of the D.C. lead incident , professor Marc Edwards , an environmental engineer , had this to say : “ There ’s no question that lead in schools is a big national issue — especially in some of the older urban cities that have this old plumbing infrastructure . ”
Here ’s another doozy of a quote from Edwards :
“ It ’s the big urban cities that are most likely to have issues with lead coming out some taps .
Schools seem to be about the worst case for lead in water . ”
Because schools remain empty for long periods , water sits in lead plumbing and fixtures for extended periods , leaching elevated levels of lead into the water supply .
The first person to open the tap or fountain is then exposed to levels of lead that greatly exceed even the most lax standards for lead in drinking water .
Schools and municipalities whose domestic water systems contain high levels of lead should be the recipients of a good chunk of the economic stimulus package , but somehow , I do n’t think that ’s going to happen .
Our government is too busy bailing out mega- corporations that are ‘ too big to fail ’ , and posturing about tax credits , to address the health of our smallest citizens , the ones who are going to reap the economic harvest that the fed is sowing .
So why are n’t we standing up and screaming about this to the EPA , the school systems , the state and local health departments ?
Are we sheep ?
Does the future of this nation not depend on the health of its children ?
Image : Darwin Bell at Flickr under Creative Commons
LONDON , Jan. 7 ( UPI ) --
Atheists in England have become anti-holy rollers , taking out rolling ads on 800 buses to get out their point of view that God likely does n't exist .
The Atheist Bus Campaign raised about $ 200,000 to run ads on buses with the message " There 's probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life , " The New York Times reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
The idea for the campaign started with Ariane Sherine , a comedy writer who saw a religious ad on a bus last summer that directed readers to a Web site that warned non-believers would go straight to hell and " spend all eternity in torment . "
She found that rather extreme and it prompted her to formulate a response that ultimately led to 800 buses carrying the atheist message .
Not everyone likes it .
" I think it 's dreadful , " said Sandra Lafaire , 76 , a tourist from Los Angeles .
" Everyone is entitled to their opinion , but I do n't like it in my face . "
Snip from a post by Alan Wexelblat on the alarming number of copyright maximalist lawyers being appointed by the Obama administration to the Department of Justice .
Bad news for people who believe in copyright reform , and greater freedom to share , remix , and reuse content online .
Snip :
First off , there 's the # 3 man at Justice , Thomas Perrelli , accurately described by CNET as " beloved by the RIAA " .
Not only has this guy been on the wrong side in the courtroom , he 's fingered as instrumental in convincing the Copyright Board to strangle Web radio in its crib by imposing impossible fee structures .
Then there 's Neil MacBride , who used to be the Business Software Alliance 's general counsel .
The BSA , to its credit , has n't been suing teenagers .
Generally their name is associated with large - scale raids on companies that are mass - producing illegal copies of software .
Still , it 's an industry flak group .
Then there 's the # 2 man , currently slated to be David Ogden .
If that name only rings a faint bell it's because you have to cast your mind back to Eldred v Ashcroft , the argument on whether retroactive copyright term extensions were legal .
Sitting over there on Ashcroft 's side ?
That 's Mr. Odgen .
For extra - bonus ick points ,
Ogden also was involved in defending the heinous COPA legislation , fortunately now dead and buried ( but not forgotten ) .
The capper on this line - up of suspicious characters is Donald Verrilli , now up for Associate Deputy Attorney General .
This specimen of legal acumen is front and center in the Cartel 's jihad , having appeared for Viacom when it sued YouTube , for the RIAA against Jammie Thomas , single mother .
And if we peer back a little farther , we find Verrilli 's dirty fingerprints on MGM v Grokster .
" You are a figure of fun , and I plan on having fun with that figure "
The death toll from horrific bushfires across Victoria this weekend has reached 93 , surpassing the number of people who perished in the 1983 Ash Wednesday blazes .
Police revised the official toll down from 96 , however the number is expected to rise throughout the day .
More than 700 homes have been lost in what is being described as ' Hell on Earth ' , and it is feared the death toll will pass 100 .
Former television newsreader Brian Naylor and his wife Moiree are among the victims ; their house at Kinglake , north of Melbourne , was engulfed by fire yesterday .
Twenty - six fires continue to burn across Victoria ; 12 of those are out of control .
Authorities suspect arsonists are responsible for some fires .
The Kinglake Complex blaze continues to burn out of control and so far has burnt through more than 220,000 hectares .
Communities around Glenburn , Taggerty and Rubicon are being urged to remain alert for any threats to their homes .
" Tonight our resolve as Victorians is being tested , " Victorian Premier John Brumby said in an address to the state .
" We know that tragically many lives have been lost ... and we have grave concerns for many more .
We know that hundreds of Victorians have lost their houses .
Out there it has been Hell on Earth .
" It is one of the most tragic events in Victoria 's history .
I am personally devastated by the tragedy .
The scale of the tragedy defies comprehension .
" We all grieve with you .
So many families , families like yours and mine , now have to rebuild .
I can promise that we will not stop until you are safe and your lives and communities have been rebuilt . "
The worst - hit areas are Kinglake , where at least 18 have died , St Andrews ( 12 lives lost ) , and Steeles Creek ( seven dead ) .
Five people are dead in Callignee and Flowervale , three in Hazelwood , Whittlesea and Taggerty , and one in Jeeralang .
More bodies have been found at Marysville , Humevale , Bendigo , Long Gully , Strathewan and Arthurs Creek .
Seventy - five people died in Victoria and New South Wales during the February 1983 Ash Wednesday fires .
' Shock and desperation '
The Kinglake area has been the hardest hit in terms of both lives lost and property damaged .
Most of the residents whose homes burnt down are sheltering at the Whittlesea Emergency Relief Centre , and the ABC's Matt O'Sullivan has described the scene there this evening .
" There are people arriving on buses with literally only the clothes they stand up in , that 's all they have , many who have lost friends and neighbours and loved ones and just this enormous sense of shock and desperation , " he said .
" If you can imagine your street and all of your neighbours ' houses and your house just gone and you 're not sure if those neighbours are still there .
" There are people coming here looking for emergency accommodation , they 're trying to register with the Red Cross so they can let people know they 're all right , they 're just looking for some support , some counselling support , anything , just the support of each other . "
The reporter spoke to a schoolteacher from Kinglake who said that in the afternoon , Kinglake had not been mentioned on the radio .
" So he went for a walk up the street - there was a bit of smoke around but it did n't really smell like a fire - and he asked the firies if things were going to be all right ; they said yes , " Mr O'Sullivan said .
" By the time he got back down the street to his house , five minutes later , it was pitch black and five minutes later his house was in flames .
He says if he was 10 minutes later he would n't be here today .
" So he 's lost his house , his school 's gone up ; obviously he 's very worried about the kids that attend that school . "
No warning
Jay Cherie from Kinglake Central said her family had no warning of what was to come .
" When the power went out I madly started to try and pack some things and in doing so it was like night - time all of a sudden .
My husband came running into the house and said , ' grab the kids , grab the cat , we 've got to get out ' , " she said .
" We got in the car and went to go down towards Yea and the flames were coming up over the paddocks towards our place and we could just only settle in the township ; we knew straight away our home was gone .
" A lot of people made that same decision ; there were probably about 100 cars in the same area that we were in at the time and we had gas bottles exploding around us .
" At one stage there my husband said to my children , ' get down on the floor ' , because we did n't know what was going to happen .
" We had fire coming in on the right - hand side of us on a paddock and we had houses to the left of us on fire ; no - one knew what was going to happen .
" My little girl was saying to me , ' Mum am I going to see my friends again ? ' , she also said to me , ' Mum am I going to live tomorrow ? ' . "
Bracing for ' bad news '
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd visited bushfire ravaged regions today and warned the nation to brace itself for the likelihood of more deaths .
" We 've come through bad times before and we 'll come through this one , " he said
" This Government will be behind these communities .
I fear in the days ahead , though , the news is going to be bad and I believe the nation needs to prepare itself as the full facts become known . "
Mr Rudd announced a $ 10 - million relief fund as well as a multi-million - dollar appeal .
He said the Army and other Defence assets such as bulldozers and bedding would be available to help communities begin to rebuild in the aftermath of the destruction .
Interstate support
More than 4,000 local firefighters are battling blazes across Victoria , backed up by volunteers from New South Wales , South Australia , Tasmania and the ACT .
Country Fire Authority ( CFA ) Deputy Chief Fire Officer Steve Warrington says the interstate reinforcements are much appreciated .
" It 's interesting in this part of the world , and I 'm talking about Australia , that sense of mateship and camaraderie , we all stick together , " he said .
" Victoria 's gone to NSW and it 's great to have NSW down with us , and that goes for every state , Western Australia , Queensland , they 've all rung up and offered support to us today .
" From that point of view , it 's quite heartwarming that we have this sense of culture and can - do in this country . "
About 250 of the extra firefighters are from NSW , with that state also sending 25 search and rescue experts , nine identification experts and five paramedics .
The Northern Territory is sending a Disaster Victim Identification team , much like the one sent to Bali after the bombings .
Chinese media censor Obama ’s speech
China ‘s state - run media have censored parts of U.S. President Barack Obama ’s inauguration speech — deleting references to communism and fascism .
“ Recall that earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks , but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions .
They understood that our power alone cannot protect us , nor does it entitle us to do as we please .
Instead , they knew that our power grows through its prudent use ; our security emanates from the justness of our cause , the force of our example , the tempering qualities of humility and restraint , ” Obama said in his speech .
You can download the full transcript of President Obama ’s inaugural speech here .
According to CBC
News :
The official Chinese translation of the speech , credited to the website of the state - run China Daily newspaper , was missing the word “ communism . ”
The paragraph with the sentence on dissent had been removed entirely .
Websites for the state - run Xinhua News and top Chinese internet portals Sina and Sohu also omitted the word communism and the section on dissent , while another popular portal , Netease , cut the paragraph that referred to communism .
And after hearing the magic word – communism , flagship broadcaster CCTV immediately cut away from its coverage of Obama ’s speech .
You can see in the YouTube video below how quickly the anchor responded during a live broadcast of the inauguration .
The slightly confused presenter cuts in and immediately asks the reporter to clarify what kind of economic problems Obama will be facing .
Wow !
Just minutes after Obama was sworn into office , he had already been censored by the Chinese government .
Olympic great Michael Phelps acknowledged " regrettable " behavior and " bad judgment " after a photo in a British newspaper showed him inhaling from a marijuana pipe .
In a statement released Sunday , the swimmer who won a record eight gold medals at the Beijing Games did not dispute the authenticity of the exclusive picture published Saturday by the tabloid News of the World .
" I engaged in behavior which was regrettable and demonstrated bad judgment , " Phelps said in the statement released by one of his agents .
" I 'm 23 years old and despite the successes I 've had in the pool , I acted in a youthful and inappropriate way , not in a manner people have come to expect from me .
For this , I am sorry .
I promise my fans and the public it will not happen again . "
News of the World said the picture was taken during a November house party while Phelps was visiting the University of South Carolina .
During that trip , he attended one of the school 's football games and received a big ovation when introduced to the crowd .
While the newspaper did not specifically allege that Phelps was smoking pot , it did say the pipe is generally used for that purpose and anonymously quoted a partygoer who said the Olympic champion was " out of control from the moment he got there . "
The party occurred nearly three months after the Olympics while Phelps was taking a long break from training , and his actions should have no impact on the eight golds he won at Beijing .
He has never tested positive for banned substances .
The case is unlikely to fall under any doping rules .
Phelps ' main sanctions most likely will be financial -- perhaps doled out by embarrassed sponsors who might be reconsidering their dealings with the swimmer .
Phelps was in Tampa , Fla. , during Super Bowl week to make promotional appearances on behalf of a sponsor .
But he left the city before Sunday 's game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and Arizona Cardinals , abandoning his original plan to be at Raymond James Stadium .
The U.S. Olympic Committee said it was " disappointed in the behavior recently exhibited by Michael Phelps , " who was selected the group 's sportsman of the year .
He also was honored as AP male athlete of the year , and his feat in Beijing -- breaking Mark Spitz 's 36 - year - old record for most gold medals in an Olympics -- was chosen as the top story of 2008 .
" Michael is a role model , and he is well aware of the responsibilities and accountability that come with setting a positive example for others , particularly young people , " the USOC said in a statement .
" In this instance , regrettably , he failed to fulfill those responsibilities . "
USA Swimming said its Olympic champions are " looked up to by people of all ages , especially young athletes who have their own aspirations and dreams . "
" That said , " the governing body added , " we realize that none among us is perfect .
We hope that Michael can learn from this incident and move forward in a positive way . "
Phelps was part of a group of elite athletes who agreed to take part in a pilot testing program designed to increase the accuracy of doping tests .
His spot in the program could be at risk , said Travis Tygart , head of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency .
" For one of the Olympics ' biggest heroes it 's disappointing , and we 'll evaluate whether he remains in that program , " Tygart said .
" But some good education comes from this because he 's going to suffer some penalties . "
Marijuana is viewed differently from performance - enhancing drugs , according to David Howman , executive director of the World Anti-Doping Agency .
An athlete is subject to WADA sanctions only for a positive test that occurs during competition periods .
" We do n't have any jurisdiction , " Howman said .
" It 's not banned out of competition .
It 's only if you test positive in competition . "
Phelps returned to the pool a couple of weeks ago to begin preparations for this summer 's world championships in Rome .
He plans to take part in his first post -Olympics meet in early March , a Grand Prix event in Austin , Texas .
This is n't the first embarrassing episode for Phelps after an Olympic triumph .
In 2004 , a few months removed from winning six gold and two bronze medals in Athens , the swimmer was arrested on a drunken driving charge at age 19 .
He pleaded guilty and apologized for the mistake .
In his book " No Limits : The Will to Succeed , " Phelps recounted how his first phone call was to his agent , and not his mother or coach Bob Bowman , because he knew they would yell at him .
Later , he called Bowman , who was supportive but told him , " Michael , just because you want to blow off some steam does n't mean you can be an idiot . "
Debbie Phelps , his mother , cried at the news of the drunken driving charge .
" That hurt worse , maybe , than anything , " Phelps wrote .
" I had never seen my mother that upset . "
Bowman did not respond to phone and e-mail messages .
Instead , he issued a terse statement through Phelps ' agent .
" He regrets his behavior , and I 'm sure he 'll learn from this experience , " the coach said .
" I 'm glad to have him back in training . "
Olympic teammate Dara Torres said Phelps has become such a prominent figure that everything he does is news .
However , she said : " This in no way , shape or form diminishes anything he 's done . "
" It 's sort of a double - edged sword , " Torres told the AP on Sunday .
" When you 're recognizable , you 're looked up to as a role model .
He is recognizable and everything you do gets looked at and picked apart .
I guess that 's the price of winning 14 Olympic medals . "
Jason Lezak , whose remarkable anchor leg of the 400 - meter freestyle relay helped Phelps stay on course to break Spitz 's record , said he was " saddened " to hear of the report .
" While I do n't condone his conduct , I am a teammate and fan , " Lezak said in a text message to the AP .
" Unlike many fair - weather people , I am sticking by him .
If my wife and I can help him in any way , we will .
I believe he will grow from this and be better person , role model and teammate . "
Last year , News of the World posted video on its Web site showing Max Mosley , the president of motor racing 's governing body , engaging in sex acts with five prostitutes .
Mosley admitted to being a part of the scenario but sued for breach of privacy and was awarded $ 120,000 .
Another news break involved Prince Harry in 2002 , smoking marijuana and drinking before the legal age of 18 .
During the 1998 Nagano Olympics , Canadian snowboarder Ross Rebagliati was stripped of his gold medal in the giant slalom after testing positive for marijuana , .
The victory was reinstated because the sport 's governing body did not have a rule banning the substance .
Later that year , Olympic swimmer Gary Hall Jr. drew a three - month suspension after testing positive for pot .
" It 's one of those substances that every year there 's debate over it , " said Howman , the WADA official .
The USOC 's code of conduct only covers the period from when an athlete makes the Olympic team until the end of the games .
But Howman suggested that U.S. swimming officials or the sport 's world organization , FINA , could punish Phelps if there is " sufficient evidence to indicate possession , supply or distribution . "
The International Olympic Committee expressed confidence Monday that Phelps will learn from his " inappropriate behavior " and continue to serve as a role model .
" Michael Phelps is a great Olympic champion , " the IOC said in a statement e-mailed to The Associated Press .
" He apologized for his inappropriate behavior .
We have no reason to doubt his sincerity and his commitment to continue to act as a role model . "
During the Beijing Olympics , IOC president Jacques Rogge called Phelps " the icon of the games . "
FINA officials said they would not comment on the matter until Monday .
" We have to be strong on these things , " Howman said .
" We certainly are relying on those who are responsible to look into this . "
The USOC noted that Phelps acknowledged his mistake and apologized .
" We are confident that , going forward , Michael will consistently set the type of example we all expect from a great Olympic champion , " the group said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Allowing Iran 's president to deliver Channel 4 's Alternative Christmas Message will cause " international offence " , the UK government has said .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was shown telling viewers of the British TV channel " the general will of nations " was for a return to " human values " .
The decision angered some MPs , who branded him a " dangerous fanatic " with anti-Semitic and anti-gay views .
Channel 4 said it had offered viewers an " alternative world view " .
The speech , in Farsi with English subtitles , was the channel 's 16th alternative message and was shown after a brief introduction to Mr Ahmadinejad contextualising his views .
In it , Mr Ahmadinejad congratulated the people of Britain on the anniversary of the birth of Jesus Christ .
He said that problems in society were rooted in the rejection of the message of the prophets of God , including Jesus .
And he criticised the " indifference of some governments and powers " towards the teachings of " the divine prophets " .
Channel Four has given a platform to a man who wants to annihilate Israel and continues to persecute Christians at Christmas time
Mark Pritchard MP
However , a Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokeswoman said : " President Ahmadinejad has during his time in office made a series of appalling anti-Semitic statements .
" The British media are rightly free to make their own editorial choices , but this invitation will cause offence and bemusement not just at home but amongst friendly countries abroad . "
Labour MP Louise Ellman , chairwoman of the Jewish Labour Movement , said : " I condemn Channel 4 's decision to give an unchallenged platform to a dangerous fanatic who denies the Holocaust , while preparing for another , and claims homosexuality does not exist while his regime hangs gay young men from cranes in the street .
" Who will deliver next year 's alternative Christmas message ?
Will it be David Irving or Robert Mugabe ? "
Conservative MP Mark Pritchard , a member of the Commons all - party media group , said : " Channel 4 has given a platform to a man who wants to annihilate Israel and continues to persecute Christians at Christmas time .
ALTERNATIVE CHRISTMAS SPEECHES
Sharon Osbourne Brigitte Bardot Jamie Oliver " This raises serious questions about whether Channel 4 should receive an increased public subsidy for their programmes . "
Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor said : " In Iran , converts to Christianity face the death penalty .
" It is perverse that this despot is allowed to speculate on the views of Jesus , while his government leads Christ 's followers to the gallows . "
He said Channel 4's decision to broadcast the message was a " scandal and a national embarrassment " and in " its search for ratings and shock factor , Channel 4 had lost its ethical way " .
Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell joined the attack , calling the president a " criminal despot , who ranks with Robert Mugabe , Omar al - Bashir of Sudan and the Burmese military junta as one of the world 's most bloody tyrants " .
' Enormously influential ' But Channel 4 defended its decision to broadcast the message .
Head of news and current affairs Dorothy Byrne said : " As the leader of one of the most powerful states in the Middle East , President Ahmadinejad 's views are enormously influential .
" As we approach a critical time in international relations , we are offering our viewers an insight into an alternative world view . "
A spokesman added : " Channel 4's role is to allow viewers to hear directly from people of world importance with sufficient context to enable them to make up their own minds . "
He said the channel had not asked for increased public funding , rather an indirect subsidy to overcome a funding shortfall caused by the digital switchover .
Channel 4's first alternative message was delivered by gay icon Quentin Crisp in 1993 .
Others to have given the broadcast include French actress Brigitte Bardot , former X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne and TV chef Jamie Oliver .
Last year 's message was given by Sergeant Major Andrew Stockton , a British soldier who lost an arm fighting in Afghanistan .
Unlike previous years , the president 's message was broadcast at night and not at the same time as the Queen 's speech .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia weakened the hold of Islamic hard - liners Saturday by appointing the first woman to a ministerial post and dismissing a leading fundamentalist cleric and the head of the nation ’s powerful religious police .
The surprising government reshuffle indicated that the 84 - year - old monarch was frustrated with the pace of reform in a kingdom uneasily balanced between moderates and ultra-conservatives .
By broadening the voices of modern Islamic thinkers , King Abdullah apparently is trying to refashion the religious establishment at a time the country faces the global financial crisis and renewed threats from Al Qaeda militants .
The king dismissed Sheik Ibrahim Ghaith as head of the Commission of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice , which oversees the religious police who arrest those deemed to flout religious edicts , such as women not properly veiled .
The monarch also removed Sheik Saleh Lihedan as chief of the country ’s highest religious tribunal .
In September , Lihedan issued a fatwa saying it was permissible to kill TV executives for broadcasting “ evil ” and immoral programs .
Noura Fayez , an official at the Saudi Institute for Public Administration , was elevated to the new post of deputy minister of women ’s education .
The women ’s education division is regarded as highly corrupt , and Fayez ’s appointment appeared to be the king ’s response to increased lobbying from women ’s rights groups to stem discrimination .
Advertisement
The reorganization included the naming of a new central bank director and new ministers for education , justice , health and information .
In another sign that the king was pushing for more openness within the country ’s puritanical , Wahhabi brand of Islam , the Saudi Press Agency reported that the body of religious scholars , known as the Grand Ulama Commission , will be reestablished and made up of representatives of all Sunni schools .
“ It ’s a positive sign , but it ’s overdue and minor , ” Mohammad Fahad al Qahtani , an economics professor , talk show host and activist , said of the government restructuring .
“ But at least it ’s bringing fresh blood into the system .
. . .
He ca n’t do it in drastic steps , although it ’s much needed . ”
Since formally coming to power in 2005 , Abdullah has been praised by moderates for taking steps to curtail the influence of ultra-conservatives .
But his supporters have also complained that he has moved too cautiously , apparently fearing a backlash from the royal family .
Advertisement
Saturday ’s shake - up was strong evidence that the king wants to cement a legacy as modernizer in a country that still flogs those accused of blasphemy and does not give women the right to vote .
Abdullah recently started a series of judiciary reforms and is building a multibillion - dollar university that will rely on Western and international science programs and faculty members .
He also has called for increased tolerance between faiths .
But the king ’s wishes do n’t always force religious and government hard - liners to cede turf .
Human rights groups repeatedly criticize the country for torture and abuse , and it is still a crime in the kingdom to practice any religion other than Islam .
Sheik Abdul - Aziz bin Humain , who replaced Ghaith as head of the religious police , indicated that he would act with less of an iron hand .
“ We will try to be close to the heart of every citizen .
Their concerns are ours , ” Humain told Al Arabiya satellite news channel .
Advertisement
Mohammad al Zulfa , a member of the Saudi Arabia Shura council , told the Arab news media that the government reshuffle “ is a turning point . ”
“ It is the biggest change that happened in this country in 20 years .
It is a new start for King Abdullah .
People are expecting changes .
These are new faces who can bring change . ”
--
jeffrey.fleishman@ latimes.com
Sea explorers probing the depths of the English Channel have discovered what they say is a legendary British warship that sank in a fierce storm in 1744 , losing more than 900 men and possibly four tons of gold coins that could be worth $ 1 billion .
The team found the wreckage of the warship , the H.M.S. Victory , last year and confirmed its identity through a close examination of 41 bronze cannons visible on the sandy bottom , Gregory P. Stemm , head of the discovery team , said Monday at a news conference in London .
The team lifted two of the cannons from the seabed and gave them to the British Defense Ministry , he said .
The team ’s leaders are now negotiating with British authorities on the disposition of the artifacts and treasure before the divers attempt further recoveries .
“ I ’m surprised we ’ve been able to keep it under wraps for nine months , ” Mr. Stemm said at the news conference , calling the shipwreck “ a momentous discovery . ”
He is the chairman and chief executive officer of Odyssey Marine Exploration Inc. of Tampa , Fla. , a publicly traded company that specializes in deep - sea exploration and recovery .
« Poopy - Time Fun Shapes | Home | Blood Spill Pillow »
February 27 , 2009
World 's smallest radio consists of 1 carbon nanotube — listen to it play ' Layla '
Listen here .
The world 's smallest and simplest radio was created by Alex Zettl 's group at the University of California , Berkeley .
Here 's a link to Ed Regis 's article in the March 2009 Scientific American about the minuscule device .
Here 's the abstract of the October 2007 Nano Letters paper which first described it .
•••••••••••••••••
Nanotube Radio
We have constructed a fully functional , fully integrated radio receiver from a single carbon nanotube .
The nanotube serves simultaneously as all essential components of a radio : antenna , tunable band - pass filter , amplifier , and demodulator .
A direct current voltage source , as supplied by a battery , powers the radio .
Using carrier waves in the commercially relevant 40−400 MHz range and both frequency and amplitude modulation techniques , we demonstrate successful music and voice reception .
•••••••••••••••••
Images and movies of the nanotube radio can be found at Zettl 's group 's website .
February 27 , 2009 at 10:01 AM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef0111688cfb3d970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference World 's smallest radio consists of 1 carbon nanotube — listen to it play ' Layla ' :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The UN Security Council has passed a resolution urging an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas in Gaza , with the US alone abstaining .
The UK - drafted resolution also calls for a full Israeli withdrawal , unimpeded humanitarian access and intense diplomatic efforts for peace .
After 13 days of war , an estimated 770 Palestinians and 14 Israelis are dead .
Israeli bombing killed at least six Palestinians overnight , medics and Hamas officials say .
In a report which could not be verified independently , Hamas said a bomb had flattened a five - storey apartment block in northern Gaza .
Israeli warplanes made 30 new air strikes after dark .
The UN 's relief agency halted aid operations in Gaza on Thursday after one person was killed and two hurt when a fork - lift truck on a UN aid mission came under Israeli tank fire at Gaza 's Erez crossing .
US waits
It is the first time the Security Council has acted since the Israeli offensive in Gaza began on 27 December .
Language of Hamas Gaza offensive - in maps
In pictures : Conflict continues Explaining America 's abstention , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the resolution was a step forward but her government wanted to see the outcome of mediation efforts .
" The United States thought it important to see the outcomes of the Egyptian mediation efforts , in order to see what this resolution might have been supporting and that is why we chose to abstain , " she said .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband said it was the Council 's job " to turn the words of [ the ] resolution into reality " .
Israel wants to stop rocket attacks on southern Israel and to stop Hamas smuggling weapons into Gaza via Egypt , while Hamas says any ceasefire deal must include an end to Israel 's blockade of Gaza .
Efforts have continued to broker a full ceasefire - a senior Israeli official is in Cairo to hear details of a plan put forward by Egypt and France .
A Hamas delegation is expected in the Egyptian capital at some stage for parallel " technical " talks , Egyptian diplomats said .
The UN 's relief agency Unrwa said it was " with great regret " that it had been forced to make a difficult decision temporarily to halt aid deliveries .
" Our installations have been hit , our workers have been killed in spite of the fact that the Israeli authorities have the co-ordinates of our facilities and that all our movements are co-ordinated with the Israeli army , " said Unrwa spokesman Chris Gunness .
The International Committee of the Red Cross also accused Israel of failing to fulfil its duty to help wounded civilians in Gaza .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The man who could very well have given
Yahoo the keys to the kingdom of online advertising , is now a very senior executive at its arch - enemy and would - be suitor .
But will Microsoft do more with Dr. Lu than it did with aQuantive ?
In a move that , by now , surprised precisely no one , the man who helped Yahoo get its next - generation advertising platform off the ground has now officially joined Microsoft .
Dr. Qi Lu , the principal architect for the Yahoo advertising platform first known as Panama , then Apex , then AMP , then finally APT , is now Microsoft 's President of Online Services .
Dr. Lu's achievement thus far has been the architecture and creation of an advertising and publishing platform that could still yield results for Yahoo , if anyone 's left at that company to keep it plugged in and working right .
Essentially , APT is a system that utilizes an audience targeting system to enable both publishers and advertisers to reach highly targeted readers by pairing their content together .
Lu's background as a researcher with Carnegie Mellon and IBM Almaden Research Center , prior to joining Yahoo , could change the entire flavor of a key Microsoft division whose foundation up to now has been centered around marketing .
Advertisement
The appointment also helps Microsoft finally answer the question , " Who runs your online services ? "
When Ray Ozzie first joined the company as CTO , it appeared that online would be his mission .
Steven Sinofsky was tapped in 2006 to run what had been called " Windows Live Services , " before he was moved over to heading the Windows department .
Later , platforms head Kevin Johnson took over the reins of online services , before surprisingly jumping ship to become CEO of Juniper Networks .
But when Dr. Lu left Yahoo , CEO Steve Ballmer made it clear right away that Microsoft wanted him , using The Wall Street Journal as his personal megaphone .
Lu was one of a watershed of Yahoo executives and employees to leave that company last spring .
In a sense -- though not directly -- Lu replaces Brian McAndrews , whom Microsoft acquired in May 2007 as part of its $ 6 billion takeover of aQuantive .
That acquisition was supposed to provide Microsoft with the ingenuity and the reader - targeting platform it needed to go up against Yahoo , at a time when Panama / Apex / AMP / APT seemed like a genuine threat -- one which drove former Microsoft division president Johnson to suggest that it swallow Yahoo in order to get that technology .
McAndrews had been senior vice president for advertising and publishing , officially , though that made him effectively the chief researcher for its platform technology -- a position that has just been " kinged , " as they say in checkers , by Lu .
Whether Dr. Lu takes with him any expertise that Yahoo could later claim was its own intellectual property , his mind alone is probably a treasure trove of exploitable information .
If anyone knows how to out - apt APT , it 's the system 's own father .
But Lu will be president of the Online Services group -- not chief researcher , not senior vice president of engineering or head of the research department .
And although Lu has had experience with facing the public , appearing on - stage frequently with his friend , outgoing Yahoo CEO Jerry Yang , whether he can provide leadership to the one division of Microsoft that desperately needs it , is a matter of some concern .
By Sanjaya Jena in Orissa
The marriage ceremony was to ease a bad omen
A two - year - old boy has been " married " to a dog in eastern India to " ward off evil spirits and bad luck " .
The " marriage " took place in a village in Jajpur district on Monday .
The " groom " , Sagula Munda , was taken to the house of the dog , called Jyoti , in a highly decorated rickshaw and priests solemnised the ceremony .
The boy 's father said such " marriages " were a tradition and would help ease the bad omen of the tooth rooted in Sagula 's upper gum .
Tribal deity
The " marriage " was in the tribal - dominated Patarpur village .
Like in every Hindu marriage , the priests chanted Sankrit prayers and hymns and there was an accompanying feast .
The boy 's father , Sanrumula Munda , said of the wedding : " Tribals not only in this state but also in neighbouring Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand , observe such practices to keep the evil spirits away . "
Arranging " marriages " with dogs kept children protected from ghosts and bad luck , he said .
The parents of Sagula and other local people consider the biological tooth defect a bad omen both for the family and neighbours .
The " bride 's " father , Parakrama Munda , said : " This is just a ceremony to please the tribal deity - in the great epic Mahabharat a dog helped the Pandavas reach heaven . "
He said it was a superstition , like wearing a stone or a talisman .
One attending resident , Dushmant Rout , said the " bride " had spent a few hours at the " groom 's " house " but not inside the room ... she stayed on the verandah " .
By Marisa Taylor
By now you 've undoubtedly been tagged at least once for that " 25 Random Things About Me " Facebook note that has spread across the social networking sphere like some kind of self - revelatory virus .
Love it or hate it , its rapid proliferation is unprecedented in social networking 's young history -- Facebook reports that nearly 5 million notes were created by its users during the week of January 26 through February 2 , which was more than double the amount from the previous week and more than any other week in ...
How to Create a Bad Website and Frustrate Your Visitors
By Jason OConnor © 2009
If you 're a sadistic kind of webmaster or website owner and have a burning desire to royally frustrate and anger your site visitors each and every time they visit your site , these three lists are just for you .
If you want to have a terrible website that looks bad , works horribly and breaks fundamental marketing rules , read on .
First let me explain why there are three lists .
One way to look at any website is to break it up into three equally important segments ; design , technical and marketing .
In other words , every site on the Web contains these three components .
They all have a design or look and feel ( design ) , they all have to be on a server and coded properly to be live on the Internet ( technical ) and they all have ways in which they attract visitors and make sales ( marketing ) .
Let 's look at the top ten ways in which you can annoy your website visitors and basically fail miserably at the whole website endeavor in each of the three segments .
The following is a l�st , broken up into the three categories , defining exactly what NOT to do .
Top 10 Web Design Mistakes :
1 . Not using Web conventions , instead use crazy and wacky formats that no one 's ever seen and no one can understand .
2 . Writing trite , predictable , boring or copied content only and not updating your site .
3 . Creating totally different and unique navigation for every page so that your visitors need to waste time re-learning your navigation every time they go to a new page .
Also creating totally different look & feels for every page so that your visitors do n't know if they 're on the same site or clicked away .
4 . Using confusing , obfuscated and mysterious labels for all your links and buttons so that no one ever has any idea where they 're going if they click .
The more confusing , the better .
5 . Making it impossible to search the site .
Offering no search box , no site map and basically no possible way to find anything on your website .
6 . Including content that only talks about you .
Not mentioning anything about your visitors or how you can help them , just talk about you and your history and all your achievements .
Including a big picture of you and your office building right on the home page .
7 . Including only poorly - written copy with lots of grammar mistakes , and ubiquitous , curious and horrendous spelling and punctuation mistakes throughout your site .
8 . Not including any text .
Making every page on your site one big picture .
So for instance , on your home page have one giant picture of you and your office building and have no text so search engines can't see your site at all .
9 . Using buttons for your navigation only , or use complicated JavaScript drop down menus that complicate your site 's navigation .
Either way , if you do this and include no text links , the search engines wo n't be able to spider ( navigate and record ) your website .
10 .
Making your site as difficult to read as possible .
Use teeny , tiny fonts that are hard to read against some funky - colored background .
For instance , use blue fonts on a black background .
Top 10 Technical Mistakes :
1 . Making your website take forever to load in people 's browsers .
The longer the better .
2 . Making it so that your site looks completely different on everybody 's computer .
So for Macs your site looks one way , and for PCs it looks another way .
Or having it look totally different in Internet Explorer , Chrome and Firefox .
3 . Making it so that any functionality on the site is confusing to figure out and works improperly and inconsistently every time it 's used .
4 . Including lots of broken links and missing images throughout .
5 . Setting it up so that it regularly crashes .
For example , if more than three people are visiting the site at the same time , the home page becomes inaccessible .
6 . Has no form validation .
Allowing visitors to enter any thing under the sun into your website forms .
Maybe some smart hacker - types will enter executable code that corrupts or takes over your server .
7 . Making all your site visitors have to download and install lots of plug-ins to view your site properly .
If they do n't , too bad .
8 . Telling people that they have to view your site in a specific browser and browser version only .
9 . Making it so that there are tons of pop-ups , moving newsletter sign - up boxes , running videos , animations and Flash movies that take forever to download before you can view the site .
10 . Using lots of frames .
Top Ten E- Marketing Mistakes :
1. Making your website completely bounce - friendly .
In other words , make it ' un - sticky ' so that when people arrive on one of your pages , they leave immediately .
2 . Including no calls to action so that your site does n't ever ask your website visitors to do a thing .
Making it so that every page is a dead end that leaves your visitors scratching their heads and then clicking away .
3 . Does absolutely nothing to build your brand .
4 . Has no terms or policies page .
5 . Evoke no emotions .
Making your site flat , boring , gray , dull and forgettable .
6 . Making sure there is no way for anyone who visits your site to sign up for anything or give you their contact info or email address .
Certainly do n't use your site to build any kind of email l�st .
7. Converting absolutely no one who visits your site into a paying customer .
Ever .
8 . Including no phone number , email and absolutely no other way to contact you .
Hide behind your website .
9 . Not using any kind of an analytics program like Google Analytics or Web Trends and not measuring or even looking at your website activity .
10 .
Making it so that search engine can't read your site and make it so that people can't really read your site either .
Follow these three lists perfectly and you 'll be well on your way to having a bad and useless website and frustrating and angering everyone who visits .
About The Author
Jason OConnor owns and operates Oak Web Works , LLC , www.jasonoconnor.com and writes a periodic , free web design and marketing newsletter www.thenetgazette.net .
Genes determining sex , hair and eye colour can be identified , alongside any DNA red flags for diseases such as muscular dystrophy , cystic fibrosis and Down 's Syndrome .
" Basically any genetic ailment , and there are thousands of them .
We find the genetic error responsible for that in the embryo , " Dr Steinberg says .
Only those embryos free of problem genetic markers and matching parental wishes , if stated , are then implanted in the mother .
...
" To deny them the ability to do that when the technology is there is to me unethical , " Dr Steinberg says .
" You can say eye colour and hair colour are not diseases , no they 're not , and there is a cosmetic element to it , but we fix crooked noses all the time .
...
He says he 's concerned Australian women are risking their health by undertaking IVF overseas for " frivolous " reasons , using a process that raises the moral issue of " deliberate embryo loss " .
" But the main issue is the idea of treating the child as an obje ct , as product for which you are seeking quality control , " Dr Tonti -Filippini says .
it is n't as if many parents did n't view their children as accessories before these sorts of technologies .
I 'm tempted to say we 're barely past the Difference Engine era when it comes to these technologies .
But it probably does make sense to have the bioethics people talk through these issues through now , the general outlines are already discernible .
Of course
A few years ago I had a semi-serious post up making fun of Armand Leroi for broaching the topic of neo-eugenics .
Now there are reports of elective pre-implantation screenings :1) Part of this is publicity , you can get only so much information out of genetic tests right now ( see Genetic Future ) .
Take a look at Genetic determinants of hair , eye and skin pigmentation in Europeans , and note how much higher the odds ratio ( 20 - 30 vs. ~ 5 ) for " blue - eye " markers are vs. the ones which might give some information about hair color .
The same differences in effect size apply to disease loci .
I suspect many people will balk at paying up when confronted with the provisionality of some of the inferences .
2 ) It is n't as if these fertility technologies are n't without downsides ( not to mention the cost ) .
The link above is to an Australian newspaper .
So I do n't take everything they report literally ... perhaps they spiced up a quote here and there ?
Labels : Genetics
FOR a guy who works with beer , Jeff Gorlechen was having a hard time getting his hands around one on Tuesday night .
Mr. Gorlechen , 39 , handles promotion for Sixpoint Craft Ales , a small brewer in Red Hook , Brooklyn , and he was at Sixpoint ’s fourth - anniversary party at Barcade , in Williamsburg , where the crowd at the bar was three deep .
Mr. Gorlechen and Sixpoint ’s president and brewmaster , Shane Welch , who had not yet arrived , were coming off a strange week : Days earlier , their names had been splashed across blogs and newspapers in New York and Washington after the federal government ordered them to stop making a beer named for Barack Obama .
Mr. Gorlechen said he would be happy to talk about it , as soon as he got a beer for himself .
“ Here ’s the deal , ” he said 15 minutes later , retiring to a back corner of the bar .
“ It was a really good beer .
It was really good .
I really liked how it tasted . ”
It all started almost a year ago , when Mr. Welch dreamed up the recipe for a brew to be produced during the seven - week lull between Democratic primaries .
He named it Hop Obama , after the three strains of Pacific Northwest hops that gave the beer its floral , citrusy flavor .
And , of course , after the candidate whom many people still considered an underdog .
It sold out in six days .
Tags
Since August 15 , 1971 the US dollar has been an irredeemable paper currency .
Every irredeemable paper currency in history has failed .
Yet , the experiment of the US dollar and the rest of the fiat paper world continues .
During the current crisis , however , financial systems all over the world are increasingly struggling , and the end of the experiment seems closer .
In fact , the Federal Reserve System has used up much of its " ammunition " for monetary interventions in an attempt to keep the experiment going , lowering its target interest rate almost to zero .
Other central banks are also quickly approaching the " zero limit " for interest rates .
Figure 1 : Average of World Central - Bank Interest Rates ( FED , BOJ , BOE , ECB , Switzerland )
During these inflationary decades , economic structures have developed that can only survive with falling interest rates .
As the world approaches a zero interest rate , it appears that finally there might be a full adaptation of the structure of production to the demands of consumers , and the experiment might come to an end .
Yet , has the Fed really " run out of ammunition " ?
First of all : what is the Fed shooting at ?
It is trying to artificially stimulate the economy with its monetary policy , thereby it is also unwittingly shooting at the value of the currency .
Through its monetary policy , the Fed is trying to bail out an insolvent and illiquid banking system to maintain an unsustainable structure of production .
As long as the currency is not totally destroyed , the Fed will never run out of ammunition .
In order to assess the ammunition left , one should have a look at the balance sheet of the Federal Reserve — especially at the assets the Fed can still obtain .
The Fed 's balance sheet also gives insights on the condition or quality of the dollar .
Since the crisis broke out , the Fed has continuously weakened the quality of the dollar by weakening its balance sheet .
In fact , the assets the Federal Reserve holds have deteriorated tremendously .
These assets back the liability side of the balance sheet , which mainly represents the monetary base of the dollar .
The assets of the Fed , thereby , hold up the value of the dollar .
At the end of the day , it is these assets that the Fed can use to defend the dollar 's value externally and internally .
Thus , for example , it could sell its foreign exchange reserves to buy back dollars , reducing the amount of dollars outstanding .
From the point of view of the buyer of the foreign exchange reserves , this transaction is a de facto redemption .
In the first stage of the crisis that lasted until September 2008 , the Federal Reserve did not increase its balance sheet .
Instead , the Fed changed its balance sheet 's structure .
These changes are very important for the value of the currency .
Imagine that the Fed announces tomorrow that is has sold all its gold and has bought Zimbabwean government bonds with the revenues .
The Fed would explain this move by arguing that the stability of the Zimbabwean economy would be crucial for the US economy and the welfare of mankind .
This action by itself would not change the quantity of money at all , which shows that concentrating exclusively on the quantity of money is not sufficient to evaluate the condition of a currency .
Qualitative issues can be even more important than mere quantities .
In fact , an asset swap from gold to Zimbabwean government bonds would mean a strong deterioration of the quality of the dollar .
While this example might sound extreme , something similar happened during the first stage of the sub - prime crisis .
The Fed weakened the composition of its balance sheet not in favor of the Zimbabwean economy but in favor of the US banking system .
The Federal Reserve sold good assets in order to acquire bad assets .
The good assets were not gold but mainly the still highly - liquid US treasury bonds in the category of " securities held outright . "
The bad assets were not Zimbabwean government bonds but loans given to troubled banks backed by problematic and illiquid assets .
This weakened the dollar .
Figure 2 : Fed Balance - Sheet Assets ( 6/28/2007–1/15/2009 , in $ US Million ) Source : Fed ( 2009 )
As can be seen in the chart , starting in August 2007 , the lower - quality assets increased .
They grew especially in the form of repurchase agreements and , later , new types of credits such as term- auction credits — through the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) — starting in December 2007 .
As the Federal Reserve did not want to increase its balance sheet , it sterilized the increasing amount of bad assets by selling good assets to the troubled banking system .
Swapping good assets for bad assets can in fact be considered a bail out of the banking system on a gigantic scale .
Moreover , the Federal Reserve started lending securities ( good assets ) to banks in the so - called Term Securities Lending Facility ( TSLF ) .
This measure provided the banks with high - quality assets they could pledge as collateral for loans .
As a consequence , the amount of securities decreased via selling and lending , as can be seen in the following chart .
Figure 3 : TSLF and SHO ( 1/03/2008–1/15/2009 , in US$ Million ) Source : Fed ( 2009 )
Thus , the average quality of the Federal Reserve balance sheet deteriorated in the first stage of the crisis and continues to do so as shown in the following compositional graph .
Figure 4 : Fed Balance - Sheet Assets ( 6/28/2007–1/15/2009 , in percent ) Source : Fed ( 2009 )
In the second stage of the crisis , which started with the Lehman bankruptcy , it became clear that the policy of merely changing the balance - sheet structure was coming to an end .
The Fed was running out of Treasury bonds .
Moreover , this policy did not allow for the strong liquidity boosts that the Fed deemed appropriate in this situation .
Hence , the Fed started to increase its balance sheet .
It no longer " sterilized " the additional loans it granted with the sale of good assets .
In fact , it would not have had enough good assets left to sell .
In our imaginary example , the Fed would run out of gold .
It would stop selling gold and keep on buying Zimbabwean government bonds .
Of course , the Fed did not buy Zimbabwean government bonds but other assets of low quality , mainly loans to an insolvent banking system .
As a consequence , the sum of the balance sheet has nearly tripled since June 2007 .
The increase of the balance sheet in favor of the financial system required some unconventional policies .
Thus , the Fed has invented new credit programs with a tendency for longer terms , such as the aforementioned TAF .
It has granted special loans to AIG and bought Bear Stearns assets that J.P. Morgan did not want .
It has allowed primary dealers to borrow directly from the Federal Reserve in the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) .
In addition , the Asset - Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility ( AMLF ) was created .
This facility allows depository institutions to borrow from the Fed with collateral of asset - backed commercial paper .
Later the Fed decided to supplement the AMLF with the Commercial Paper Funding Facility ( CPFF ) .
Now unsecured commercial paper is also eligible as collateral .
( Unsecured commercial paper is not backed by specific assets but only by the name of a company . )
Furthermore , the Fed has set up the Money Market Investor Funding Facility ( MMIFF ) , which allows money market mutual funds to borrow from the Fed via special purpose vehicles .
Three characteristics of these policies can be found :
they contain credits of longer maturities ; they contain credits of a broader range of eligible institutions backed by a broader range of assets than was the case before ; and they , thereby , reduce the average quality of the Fed assets and consequently the quality of the dollar .
Despite of all these efforts , credit markets still have not returned to normal .
What will the Fed do next ?
Interest rates are already practically at zero .
However , the dollar still has value that can be exploited to keep the experiment going .
Bernanke 's new tool is the so - called quantitative easing .
Quantitative easing is when a central bank with interest rates already near zero continues to buy assets , thus injecting reserves into the banking system .
In fact , quantitative easing is a subsection of qualitative easing .
Qualitative easing can be defined as the sum of the policies that weaken the quality of a currency .
But what new assets is the Fed acquiring ?
The Fed has already started buying the debts of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mae , and the Federal Home Loan Banks .
It has also bought mortgage - backed securities issued by Fannie Mae , Ginnie Mae , and Freddie Mac .
Bernanke is also considering buying other securities backed by consumer loans , credit card loans , or student loans .
Long - term government debt is also on the list of assets that the Fed might buy .
In the analysis of the Fed balance sheet and the condition of the dollar , another detail is extremely important .
The equity ratio in the Fed balance has fallen from about 4.5 to 2 % .
Figure 5 : Fed Balance - Sheet Equity Ratio ( 6/28/2007–1/15/2009 , in percent )
This figure implies an increase of the Fed 's leverage from 22 to 50 .
As we have seen there are large new positions of dubious quality on the Federal Reserve balance sheet .
More specifically , should only 2 % of the Fed 's assets go into default — or if there is a loss in value of 2 % — the Fed becomes insolvent .
Only two things can save the Fed at this point .
One is a bailout by the federal government .
This recapitalization could be financed by taxes or by monetizing government debt in another blow to the value of the currency .
The other possibility is concealed in the hidden reserves of the Fed 's gold position , which is only valued at $ 42.44 per troy ounce on the balance sheet .
A revaluation of the gold reserves would boost the equity ratio of the Fed to 12.35 % .
Figure 6 : Fed Balance - Sheet Equity Ratio ( 6/28/2007–1/15/2009 , in percent , hidden reserve included )
Source : Fed ( 2009 )
It is ironic that in troubled times a revaluation of the " barbarous relic " could save the Fed from insolvency .
Yet , this would only be an accounting measure and would not change the fundamental problems of the paper dollar .
While shooting its last bullets and weakening the dollar , the Fed is outmaneuvering itself .
The end of the experiment is getting closer .
Rep : Foreclosed owners should squat in their own homes David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Friday January 30 , 2009
Print This Email This
If you 're poor and the bank is coming for your home , Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur has a plan for you .
Just squat , she says .
Yes , this Ohio Democrat is actually encouraging her financially distressed constituents whose homes have been foreclosed upon , to simply stay put .
In a Friday report , CNN's Drew Griffin explored the case of Ohioan Andrea Geiss , whose home was foreclosed upon in April .
" Behind in payments , out of work , a husband sick , she had nowhere to go , " said Griffin .
" So , she decided to follow the advice of her Congresswoman and go nowhere . "
In Lucas County , Ohio , over 4,000 properties were foreclosed upon in 2008 , reports CNN .
" So I say to the American people , you be squatters in your own homes , " said Congresswoman Kaptur before the House of Representatives .
" Do n't you leave . "
She 's called on all of her foreclosed - upon constituents to stay in their homes and refuse to leave without " an attorney and a fight , " said CNN .
" If they 've had no legal representation of a high quality , I tell them stay in their homes , " Kaptur told Griffin .
Kaptur is a high - profile advocate of an increasingly popular mode of fighting foreclosures best known for it's key phrase : " Produce the note . "
By telling a bank to " produce the note , " a homeowner can delay foreclosure by forcing the lender to prove the suing institution is actually the same which owns the debt .
" During the lending boom , most mortgages were flipped and sold to another lender or servicer or sliced up and sold to investors as securitized packages on Wall Street , " explains the Consumer Warning Network .
" In the rush to turn these over as fast as possible to make the most money , many of the new lenders did not get the proper paperwork to show they own the note and mortgage .
This is the key to the produce the note strategy . "
And Friday 's segment on this growing foreclosure fighting " movement " was not the network 's first .
Earlier in January , CNN explored one person 's strategy in demanding her bank " produce the note , " only to find that the lender had " lost or destroyed " the evidence of debt ownership .
Such a revelation can significantly strengthen a homeowner 's position when asking to renegotiate a mortgage .
That these banks , many of which received billions of dollars in government bailout funds , continue to boot defaulted owners from their homes , makes them " vultures " says Kaptur .
" They prey on our property assets , " she said .
" I guess the reason I 'm so adamant on this is because I know property law and its power to protect the individual homeowner .
And I believe that 99.9 percent of our people have not had good legal representation in this . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Jan. 30 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
January 09 , 2009 at 15:45 Tags Articles , Pygame tutorial
This is part III of the " Writing a game in Python with Pygame " tutorial .
A digression
This part will be a digression from the first two , in the sense that it wo n't deal with the " Creeps " simulation we 've been developing so far .
Rather , we 'll explore pathfinding - an important " artificial intelligence " technique for games .
Pathfinding will be crucial for the future development of our game , so I 'm spending a whole part on it .
I 'll start by presenting my implementation of the A* pathfinding algoritm .
The implementation is generic , and has nothing to do with our game .
I assume a basic acquaintance with computer - science algorithms and data structures here , so depending on your background you may find it a bit dense .
Do n't worry , you can skip it entirely without any real loss - you 'll be able to understand the rest of the tutorial .
Next , I 'll show a useful Pygame - based demo of the algorithm at work - this is recommended even if you do n't want to dive into the implementation of the algorithm , as it ties the algorithm with our game .
Here 's a teaser screenshot :
The code
The code for this part can be downloaded from here .
It contains the implementation of the pathfinding algorithm and the demo Pygame application .
Pathfinding Pathfinding is one of the most important aspects of game AI ( Artificial Intelligence ) .
I 'll quote Wikipedia : Pathfinding in this context concerns the way in which a moving entity finds a path around an obstacle ; the most frequent context is real time strategy games ( in which the player directs units around a play area containing obstacles ) , but may also be first person shooters .
Pathfinding has grown in importance as games and their environments have become more complex .
Consider a game character controlled by the computer ( AI ) that wants to get from one place to another .
Assuming it can't just instantly teleport itself to the destination , how does it know which way to go ?
Pathfinding is the answer .
And the most popular and well - known algorithm for pathfinding is called A* ( A - star ) .
This is the algorithm I 'm going to implement in Python and integrate into a Pygame demo in this part .
A* I have no intention of teaching A* in this tutorial .
Others have done it already , and there are wonderful introductions , full of nice diagrams , online .
Two I recommend highly are ( in this order ) : Patrick Lester 's A* Pathfinding for Beginners and Amit's A* Pages .
Patrick 's article is sufficient for you to understand the algorithm and the rest of my tutorial .
Amit 's is a great resource if you want to learn more about the algorithm .
I 'm sure there are many other articles online - just Google the subject .
... time passes as you engorge yourself with A* knowledge ...
Oh , so you know how A* works now !
That 's really cool , so let 's proceed with the tutorial .
I 'll just post a short reminder , for those who 've learned about A* before and can't be bothered to read a full tutorial :
A* is a greedy best - first search algorithm .
From the start node , it starts considering nodes that could lead it to the goal , judging them by relative merit - the cost to get to them plus an estimated cost to get to the goal from them ( more on this heuristic estimation later ) .
All the nodes that are still to be considered are kept in an open list , and all the nodes with which the algorithm is done ( i.e. explored all their successors ) are kept in a closed list .
At each " step " the cheapest node from the open list is considered as the next one , and all its successors are added to the open list ( where they 're sorted by cost ) , unless they 're already there .
If a node is already in an open list but now a cheaper path was found to reach it , its cost in the open list is updated .
This goes on until the algorithm runs into the goal node , at which point it declares success and returns the path .
That 's about it , in short .
If you 've just finished the A * tutorial , or are familiar with A* from before , the previous paragraph should sound very familiar .
If you still do n't understand it and want to understand my implementation , I recommend you to read the tutorial again .
PathFinder
In the code for this part you 'll find the file pathfinder .py with the class PathFinder .
This is the class implementing path finding in Python .
The class is well documented and if you understand how A* works you should have no trouble with it .
There are just two points I want to clarify before we get into the code .
Representing graphs and costs PathFinder is a generic class that does n't care how you represent your graph , and how you represent and compute the costs of moving from place to place .
It lets you specify this information by passing functions into its constructor ( this is a good time to have the code of PathFinder open in an editor ) .
To understand the terminology , consider this graph : A graph consists of nodes ( the circles ) and edges ( the arrows ) .
For our pathfinding needs , we 're interested in finding out paths from one node to another , through several edges and intermediary nodes .
The costs associated with the movement will be marked as numbers on the edges .
For instance , we can move in one step from node C to node B , and it will cost us 7 .
We can further move from B to D for a cost of 5 , so the total cost for movement from C to D bia B is 12 .
So how does PathFinder know how your graph looks ?
Very simple , you just specify it with the successors function passed in as an argument .
The successors of a node are all the nodes that can be reached from this node in a single step .
For example , in the graph above , the successors of A are C and B , the successor of B is D , and D has no successors .
PathFinder also knows about the costs because you provide it with the move_cost function , that tells it the cost between each two nodes .
The third function passed to PathFinder is heuristic_to_goal .
You should be familiar with it from the A * articles , and I 'll have more to say about it later .
Implementing the open set
You 'll recall that the A* algorithm uses the open set to keep track of the nodes it still has to visit .
The open set is perhaps the most important data structure for A* , and implementing it correctly is non-trivial .
I was surprised to find out that most of the implementations of the open set online are very inefficient .
I also began with an inefficient implementation , but then A * just took too long to run on even simple graphs !
Optimizing the open set with the correct data structure speeded things up by about 100 !
To read about the various considerations of the implementation , Amit 's Implementation notes is a terrific resource .
My implementation uses the PriorityQueueSet class defined in the file priorityqueueset.py .
It is a marriage of a priority queue with a set , which is required , because the open set must be both sorted by priority and the nodes in it must be unique .
The data structure is very efficient except for one operation .
This operation is updating a node in the queue to a lower priority .
Luckily , it does n't happen often in realistic pathfinding problems , so overall it does n't hinder the performance too much .
The implementation of A * Finally , you 're ready to tackle compute_path , the method of PathFinder that implements A* .
You 'll quickly see how closely it follows the various pseudocodes for A * you find in articles .
Python is very pseudocode - like , it 's one of its greatest powers !
One important thing you should keep in mind while reading the code of PathFinder is its usage of the helper _ Node class .
This node holds the point in your graph and its associated costs that help A* do its work .
Read its documentation string for more information .
GridMap
For pathfinding in our game we 're interested in a very special type of graph - a rectangular grid .
Such a grid graph is implemented in gridmap.py .
The idea is as follows :
The grid is rectangular , and you can get from any square to any neighbor square ( up , down , left , right and diagonally ) , unless that square is blocked .
Consider the 4 full squares ( one of them blocked ) on the following image : GridMap will represent this map using the following graph : Several things to note here :
The arrows are bi-directional , meaning that a path exists between two nodes both ways ( which usually makes sense in game maps ) .
Node D is unreachable - it represents the blocked square in the map .
The costs for moving between nodes is the Euclidean distance between them .
Now , if you run the file pathfinder .
py - you 'll see a small ASCII demo of PathFinder in action on a map created using GridMap .
You can play with the settings and see how PathFinder responds .
The distance - to - goal heurustic As promised , I 'll mention the distance - to - goal heuristic which is required for the correct usage of the A* algorithm .
In rectangular grids , the heuristic is easy to compute - it is simply the distance between the point and the goal .
Here 's an example : Suppose the algorithm has currently reached the blue node and the goal is green .
The two yellow nodes are being considered as candidates for the next step .
Both are distance 1 from the blue node , but which one should be picked ?
The distance - to - goal heuristic states that the node closer to the goal should be picked , because it has more chance of leading to the goal quickly .
The distance can be estimated as the " line - of - sight Euclidean distance " , so the node to the right of the blue node will be picked next ( but see exercise 1 ) .
The pathfinder visualizer demo
The file pathfinder_visualize .py ( in the example_code directory ) contains a simple visualization of the pathfinding algorithm using Pygame .
Just run it and read the directions at the top .
You can mark goals and starting points , set and unset obstacles , and then ask it to compute a path by pressing F5 .
There 's nothing new in terms of Pygame in this demo - if you 've followed the tutorial so far , you should have no trouble understanding its code .
Note especially how it uses PathFinder and MapGrid to compute and display paths .
Demos like this are very helpful for analyzing and playing around with code and algorithms .
Luckily we know Pygame now , so they 're quite simple to implement .
Conclusion
In this part we went on a short side - walk from our Creeps game , to implement a pathfinding algorithm that we can later incorporate into the game .
The algorithm itself is A* , and while you 're encouraged to understand how it works using the articles I 've pointed to and my code , it 's not a must .
You 'll be able to continue learning how to build the game even by treating it as a black box .
Keep in mind , though , that if you 're serious about game programming , you will be eventually forced to understand A * and pathfinding , as it's a very vital component of almost any game 's AI .
In the next part we 'll get back to our Creeps , making them a bit more intelligent using the algorithm we 've covered here .
Trust the rogue programmers and Cydia - the independent equivalent to the iTunes App Store - to bring you one of the most awaited features ever for the iPhone : Bluetooth file transfer .
Advertisement
As you can see in the video , iBluetooth will bring you just that , allowing the iPhone to transfer files to any other device using Bluetooth .
In this case , the application developed by MeDevil is working with an iMac and a Sony Ericsson handset but , once it is finished and available through Cydia , it will work with any device supporting the Bluetooth file transfer protocol .
[ Spazio Cellulare ]
A lot of things that were supposed to be new under the Obama administration are looking strikingly familiar .
The new bipartisanship so far consists mainly of a tone of voice — the president ’s — set against the battle cries of Bush - era tribal warfare on Capitol Hill .
Similarly , the Obama team ’s mastery of new media , lauded during the campaign and deemed a harbinger of a new era , does n’t seem much in evidence .
Or perhaps it just does n’t matter .
Last week , the administration had some extremely heavy lifting to do , with both the stimulus plan and the financial bailout plan on its agenda .
How the White House communicated about those issues suggests something about its view of the media landscape , and also about how new media stack up against the old with a large pile of chips at stake .
Exhibit A is the front page of the Feb. 10 New York Times .
The headline ’s passive voice and awkward construction — “ Geithner Said to Have Prevailed on the Bailout ” — promised a Washington whodunit .
Who said ?
And why ?
The gist of the story was that the Treasury Secretary had “ largely prevailed ” against David Axelrod and other senior White House political advisers in making the bailout conditions more , rather than less , accommodating to financial institutions .
It seems highly unlikely that the story was a product of a proud cabinet member boasting of his first victory .
Besting your internal opponents — and then rubbing their faces in defeat — is a pretty dopey tactic for a guy who needs all the help he can muster .
( Although arguably no dopier than spending years positioning yourself to be Treasury Secretary while simultaneously shirking your tax obligations . )
But regardless of its shady provenance , the story managed to accomplish at least two goals :
It signaled to the press and pundit class that , as Brad DeLong noted , the bailout was Geithner ’s plan , not Obama ’s , so responsibility for any subsequent failure belonged down the street from the White House , at Treasury ’s doorstep .
In addition , it alerted financial institutions that if they did n’t like what Dr. Geithner was prescribing , they ’d do well to swallow hard anyway ; Dr. Axelrod ’s elixir would prove more bitter still .
Elites matter , but they matter even more than usual in a financial crisis , which by definition is elitist in origin ( though , as we ’ve seen , the consequences can be generously shared ) .
To communicate to both press and banking elites , the White House really has only three good options : The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal or The Washington Post .
Because no other vehicles — television , Internet , etc. — can command elite attention as surely .
Politico.com has become a necessity in Washington , but not so much in New York .
Andrew Sullivan is a web powerhouse , and Josh Marshall has a readership as sophisticated as he is ( judging by the incisive comments he elicits from readers ) .
But their medium cannot yet deliver the results the White House achieved with a leak to The New York Times .
This , of course , is the basis of many bloggers ’ contempt for the MSM — that it ’s far too compliant and eager to serve power .
Indeed , it ’s hard to argue that any civic purpose was advanced by the Times ’ scoop ; the White House presumably got what it wanted while readers got , well , a fleeting Washington whodunit of dubious consequence .
But even if others had been willing to play the White House ’s game , they could n’t have delivered The Times ’ powerfully precise audience .
There are tasks for which television ’s mass is too indiscriminating and for which the Web ’s niches are too confining .
Newspapers may lack a viable , long - term business model , but , hey , at least the superstars among them still got game .
Exhibit B from last week is the campaign the president launched in behalf of the stimulus package , which consisted of photogenic road trips to Indiana and Florida and a prime - time televised speech .
Would Ronald Reagan , circa 1982 , have had a different media strategy ?
Would Richard Nixon have ?
The Internet has enormous utility for organizing , informing , promoting .
But television is still the king of persuasion .
That ’s why the Obama campaign , deploying the greatest financial engine in political history , spent a staggering $ 300 million on television advertising .
Obama ’s path - breaking candidacy was advanced by a barrage of 30 - second advertising spots that were fundamentally no different in kind from all the 30 - second spots that had preceded him .
Wanna bet where the bulk of the campaign ’s reelection kitty will go in 2012 ?
Change is complicated — and slow — in all sorts of ways .
« Imposter Could Give Lawyers Bad Name | Main | Tim Russert , the Lawyer »
Law School Plans to Prosecute Bush
The Massachusetts School of Law at Andover will convene a conference in September to lay plans to prosecute President Bush and other high administration officials for war crimes .
" This is not intended to be a mere discussion of violations of law that have occurred , " says MSL 's dean Lawrence Velvel in a statement announcing the conference .
" It is , rather , intended to be a planning conference at which plans will be laid and necessary organizational structures set up , to pursue the guilty as long as necessary and , if need be , to the ends of the Earth . "
The ends of the earth , in this case , may be Crawford , Texas , where President Bush is likely to be found after his term is up at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
The Wild West locale could be the perfect place for such a trial , given the punishment Velvel proposes for anyone who is convicted .
" We must insist on appropriate punishments , " Velvel said , " including , if guilt is found , the hangings visited upon top German and Japanese war - criminals in the 1940s . "
Sending administration officials to the gallows , he added , " would be a powerful lesson to future American leaders . "
Hangings could be a tough sell , even for a law school dean .
Velvel acknowledges as much , noting that past practice has been to allow former presidents and cabinet members to retire to lives of relative peace and prosperity .
Not this time , he hopes .
In addition to President Bush , others Velvel wants to put on trial include Vice President Richard Cheney , former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and former Justice Department lawyer John Yoo .
He leaves the final list of war - crimes defendants to be determined at the Sept. 13 and 14 conference , but suggests it could also include federal judges and members of Congress .
Other items on the conference agenda : what crimes were committed , where might they be prosecuted , and who will coordinate all this .
Apart from the national and international political implications of all this , there could be local hurdles to overcome .
Three citizens of Andover -- the town where MSL is situated -- were among those hanged for witchcraft as part of the 17th century Salem witch trials .
These days , however , the town is a chichi Boston bedroom community known as home to equally chichi Phillips Academy .
No doubt , any proposal to erect a gallows on the MSL campus might not make it past the local planning board .
Posted by Robert J. Ambrogi on June 16 , 2008 at 01:55 PM | Permalink | Comments ( 40 )
Often times , when i'm working on random Haskell things , i find i'm doing the same actions over and over again .
I 've also found i've done the same groups of commands repeatedly , and alot of work could be automated .
Last winter , Luke Macken and i had a bit of a chat about some ways we could work out a bit of a solution to the problem .
He already had some code put together to make a quick developer shell for doing common Fedora related tasks .
My goal was to create something that can handle a workflow to automate most of the steps in making RPMs for basic Cabal packages .
Cabal is the package manager for Haskell , similar to Python Eggs , or Ruby Gems .
Since it 's so well developed , 95 % of the steps required to make an RPM can be automated to a few brief statements .
Yesterday , i spent the better part of the day hacking together a module in fedora - devshell that can be used to download Cabal packages from Hackage , the Haskell source package repository , compile them , and install them either to root or to home .
The user can also do it step by step , and intervene where necessary .
If you would like to follow along , you can get the source below .
( GPL v2 + ) http://fedorapeople.org/gitweb?p=ynemoy/public_git/fedora-devshell.git;a=summaryIn this example , i'm assuming that all the source packages will go in ~ / haskell , where i normally work .
fedora - devshell does a bunch of things half baked , because i'm still working on them .
The only modules and concepts you will need though are Package and Cabal .
Package refers to any generic Linux / Unix package , and cabal refers specifically to a Cabal package .
Essentially , ~/ haskell will have a bunch of Packages , and each Package will have one or more Cabal package , although only one active package .
And that 's it for theoretical stuff .
Just remember , a Package can have a different name than the Cabal package will .
To take a random tarball , and make a regular Package out of it , run:~/ haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad- test copy_in / some / location/xmonad.darcs.tar.bz2
This will create a directory ~/ haskell / xmonad - test , which will have a tarball , and two expanded trees of the tarball , one is the modifiable one , and one is a copy of the original .
In the future , fedora - devshell will make it easy to modify the source , compile and test it , and then make diff files to use in RPMs or to send upstream .
to compile the Cabal package , you need the following steps : ~/ haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test configure~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test build ~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test install
This will install it to $ HOME .
You can also use the shortcut~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test install_sourceIf you want to do it all in one , with a tarball , you can just do this ~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad- test install_sourceball /some/location/xmonad.darcs.tar.bz2
Let's say you want to get some version from Hackage ~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test get_from_hackage xmonad 0.8 Or , if you want to download the latest~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test get_latest xmonadYou could install from hackage : ~/ haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad- test install_from_hackage xmonad 0.8
Or even just ~ / haskell $ ports.py cabal xmonad - test install_latest xmonadEssentially , it 's yet another package installer for Cabal .
If you 're a regular haskell wondering why you need this , then it 's probably not for you , because there are other tools that can do this better .
If you 're a packager though , it 's a sneak preview of one of many tools that will be integrated together in fedora - devshell that will make your life alot easier .
Christian Bale Tirade ( AUDIO )
A newly released audio tape of 's tirade against director of photographyhas many people questioning the actor 's emotional stability .
Hurlbut inadvertently ruined a scene when he walked on the " Terminator Salvation " set during filming , provoking a nearly four minute rant from Bale , in which he threatens to quit if Hurlbut is not fired .
The expletive - laced audio tape was sent by film execs to the film 's insurance company in case Bale quit .
Last summer Bale was arrested for allegedly assaulting his mother and sister before the London premiere of " The Dark Knight . "
WARNING : The following link contains explicit profanity .
Click here to listen to Christian Bale 's blow up on TMZ .
photos : WENN
Steve Carell Buys Marshfield Hills General Store ( Photos )
Hollywood funnymanappears in a comedic role on the wildly popular NBC show The Office and in his spare time he will run his newly purchased sideline activity , the historic Marshfield Hills General Store near Quincy , Massachusetts .
Carell and his wife , actress Nancy Walls , grew up in Massachusetts and still spends their summers in the quaint town of Marshfield Hills .
Nancy 's sister , Tish Vivado visited the couple at their California home in October and mentioned that the historic general store was up for sale .
By November Carell had cinched a deal to purchase the business and the ownership changed hands on New Year 's Day .
Vivado is running the business along with four employees but Carell plans to lend a hand when he moves into town with his family for the summer .
Carell said , " I will be manning the cash register , and stocking the shelves as time permits .
For the time being , however , I am looking to give the building a bit of TLC . "
He has his architect brother Greg Carell drawing up plans for a restoration .
The 790 square foot building was built in 1853 and Carell wants to stay true to the integrity of the old structure and at the same time is considering adding on a sandwich shop .
Above all else , he wants to keep the locals happy throughout the process .
The business is described as where neighbors pick up mail , gossip and get a good cup of coffee .
They still sell penny candy as well as gifts , books , beer , wine , and snacks .
Check out photos of the General Store and Fire Department below .
You'd think that getting soundly beaten by Google and Yahoo over and over in the online space would mean that Microsoft would take the web a little more seriously .
You 'd be wrong .
Advertisement
Case in point : Today 's epic failure around the distribution of the Windows 7 public beta download .
This morning Microsoft's web servers fell to their knees under the pressure of constant web page refreshes by enthusiasts who want to volunteer their time to test Windows 7 after Steve Ballmer 's announcement the download would be available at noon today .
( Since noon today , the download was there , then pulled , and back up again only if you know the direct links , and the promised product keys still are n't available .
There 's " no ETA " when they will be . )
Advertisement
Is it fantastic that Microsoft is offering this freebie preview ?
Yes .
Is it shameful that they'd be so woefully unprepared for the demand it would draw ?
That also would be a YES .
Sure , hosting a multi-gigabyte download on the web is an enormously expensive undertaking , but Microsoft has more money than God .
Plus , while the download itself is large , it 's only of interest to a relatively small portion of the population .
If lack of infrastructure to handle an insane traffic spike over a few hours was truly the problem ( even though these were conditions Microsoft created ) , there are lots of alternatives they could 've used that would have kept their servers up .
In fact , users have been happily downloading and distributing the Windows 7 beta build 7000 now for weeks using an efficient file - sharing protocol called BitTorrent .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
( Think it 's a crazy idea for a company to use BitTorrent to distribute large files ?
Ubuntu is always seeding a torrent of their main distro . )
Microsoft 's not the only one who 's blown web launches .
Apple did it spectacularly with MobileMe , and even an occasional Google product craps the bed when the planets misalign .
Advertisement
But for a company that 's pushing cloud computing and web services and trying so hard to prove that they 're ready to move off the desktop and onto the web , today 's Win7 borkfest proves Microsoft is still too clueless about how to do stuff online to be taken seriously .
Missing Iraq billions could be ' greatest fraud in US history '
Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday February 16 , 2009
Print This Email This The US Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) , the Army 's criminal Investigation Command and the Justice Department are investigating US soldiers and officials in the alleged misuse of a portion of the $ 125 billion initially sent to Iraq for reconstruction shortly after the fall of Saddam .
Monday , The Independent 's Iraq correspondent Patrick Cockburn reported the inspectors believe misuse may account for over $ 50 billion , exceeding the scope of Bernie Madoff 's massive Ponzi scheme and making it potentially the " greatest fraud in US history . "
" In one case , auditors working for SIGIR discovered that $ 57.8 m was sent in ' pallet upon pallet of hundred - dollar bills ' to the US comptroller for south - central Iraq , Robert J Stein Jr , who had himself photographed standing with the mound of money , " wrote Cockburn .
" He is among the few US officials who were in Iraq to be convicted of fraud and money - laundering .
" Despite the vast sums expended on rebuilding by the US since 2003 , there have been no cranes visible on the Baghdad skyline except those at work building a new US embassy and others rusting beside a half - built giant mosque that Saddam was constructing when he was overthrown . "
The SIGIR auditor 's report , entitled " Hard Lessons , " was published in early February .
" ' Hard Lessons , ' a draft of which was leaked to the news media in December , concludes that the U.S. reconstruction effort in Iraq was a failure , largely because there was no overall strategy behind it , " reported the Washington Post .
" Goals shifted from ' liberation ' and an early military exit to massive , ill - conceived and expensive building projects under the Coalition Provisional Authority of 2003 and 2004 .
Many of those projects -- over budget , poorly executed or , often , barely begun -- were abandoned as security worsened .
" In a preface to the 456 - page book , Bowen writes that he knew the reconstruction was in trouble when he first visited Iraq in January 2004 and saw duffel bags full of cash being carried out of the Republican Palace , which housed the U.S. occupation government . "
" As part of the inquiry , the authorities are taking a fresh look at information given to them by Dale Stoffel , an American arms dealer and contractor who was killed in Iraq in late 2004 , " reported the International Herald Tribune on Sunday .
" Before he was shot on a road north of Baghdad , Stoffel drew a portrait worthy of a pulp crime novel : tens of thousands of dollars stuffed into pizza boxes and delivered surreptitiously to the American contracting offices in Baghdad , and payoffs made in paper bags that were scattered in ' dead drops ' around the Green Zone , the nerve center of the United States government 's presence in Iraq , two senior federal officials said . "
" Prosecutors have won 35 convictions on cases related to reconstruction in Iraq , yet most of them involved private contractors or midlevel officials .
The current inquiry is aiming at higher - level officials , according to investigators involved in the case , and is also trying to determine if there are connections between those officials and figures in the other cases .
Although Bell and Hirtle were military officers , they worked in a civilian contracting office . "
So far , there have been just 35 convictions for the misuse of government funds during the reconstruction of Iraq .
The ChumAlong Solar Panel is coming at a great time .
As the weather is clearing up and sun is now shining , solar energy can be put to good renewable use .
The Solar ChumAlong is not just any ordinary solar panel .
It has features from the most advanced ( and expensive ) power stations but can also be suitable for your around the house gadgets .
The neat feature the Solar ChumAlong has is the ability to follow the Sun as it moves along during the day .
This is a great feature since you do n’t have to move it every hour or so to attract the solar energy .
This is 50 % more efficient than stationary solar devices .
However , this advanced feature does add to the cost .
This is due to the Micro - controller Technology that is required for automated positioning by using a gear axis shaft and optical sensors .
The cost does n’t stop there .
You will also need to get extra 12vdc batteries since it does n’t come with them at another 30 USD .
On another the downside , it is a relatively weak solar panel generating 5 W only .
The ChumAlong Solar Panel runs about 400 USD as a lightweight portable solar panel .
Solar ChumAlong has only one very strong feature to differentiate it from the other solar panels .
Just like a sunflower , ChumAlong follows the sun as it moves along during the day .
How important that is ?
Well , in a perfectly sunny day it can produce up to 50 percents more power than it would gather in static .
Overall solar tracking system produces plus 30 percents to average figures .
Making this possible made ChumAlong this expensive .
Positioning requires a special Micro - controller Technology , worm gear axis shaft and optical sensors .
And there we are , 400 USD for a portable solar panel .
It is also easy to adjust and light to carry , but it has some drawbacks also .
Solar ChumAlong is capable of producing 5 W only .
And probably the worst thing is that the device does n’t come with a battery which you will obviously need , hence add at least another 30 USD for 12vdc battery expenses .
It may still be a few more years until solar panels become more affordable for the average consumer and produce industrial strength power .
However , if you have the money and REALLY love the sun and a gadget geek , this maybe for you .
Via Gadget Reviews
Oscar - nominated actors are the most dignified members of our species .
They play the serious roles that inspire us and hold a special place of reverence in our culture .
But not in Japan .
In a country where demoralization is the national pastime , our revered actors , Academy Award nominees and winners both , sell their own dignity for a paycheck because they assume we Americans will never see it .
But thanks to the Internet , we can celebrate their shame any time we want .
Advertisement
8 Sean Connery - Biogurt Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Sean takes a leisurely drive in the country with his nightmare rabbit - puppet - friend on route to his country house , which happens to be an enormous carton of yogurt .
It makes sense that they went with Connery , since the product he 's pitching here is called " Biogurt , " a word that when we say it sounds like the noise you might make if someone asked you what you ate , and you tried to say the word yogurt while at the same time vomiting all over your shoes .
Really , their only option was to get the only man who can make any word sound like the world 's manliest lion purring in post - coital bliss .
Or they could have renamed the product .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As an aside , Connery once worked on a movie with Lana Turner .
Her boyfriend , famed tough guy gangster Johnny Stompanato , believed they were having an affair .
Johnny stormed onto the set and pointed a gun at Connery , only to have Connery take the gun from Stompanato and twist his wrist until he relented .
Now watch this ad again , and appreciate what a multi- faceted man Sean Connery is .
7 Brad Pitt - Edwin Jeans Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In America , when we want to sell a product with ass , we just point the camera at the ass .
Apparently , the Japanese need to be told to look at said ass .
Here , Brad 's giving a marketing lesson to this group of Japanese pedestrians .
" Brad Pitt 's ass in Edwin Jeans .
Do you like ? "
Brad asks , employing an Italian accent , because half - assed Italian accents are the international language .
" Look at ass ! " Brad demands .
" Look at famous ass in jeans !
Buy jeans !!! "
" Oh , " speaks up one Japanese spectator , " you want us to buy that brand of jeans .
Fine , perhaps you could tell me about their superior durability . "
" Ass in Jeans ! " Brad insists .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement " Hmm , " says another bystander , " are you saying we should buy these jeans because they are a great value , priced well below their competitors ? "
" ASS JEANS ! " " He 's rubbing his ass , " says another .
" He must be telling us these jeans are really comfortable too . "
" Mamma Mia !
ASSSSSSSSSSJEANSSSSSSSSSS ! "
The Japanese bystanders all smile , believing this screaming man is dangerous .
Show Me The Science Month , Day 2 How do two populations change genetically when they are subjected to different evolutionary pressures ?
To answer this question , many intrepid evolutionary biologists have trudged out into the field to painstakingly study wild populations , but in many cases , we can learn more by studying evolution in the lab .
In a paper published the February issue of Nature Genetics , a group of Portuguese and US researchers report a study of 28 years of evolution in a set of lab fruit fly populations .
Their results are an example of how studying evolution in the lab , even for a short time , can provide insight in to how natural selection shapes the genetic contours of a population .
The researchers use a set of fruit fly populations that have been evolving under lab conditions for 28 years .
The experiment started off with an original population of flies , grown under standard lab conditions .
Those flies were then split up and placed under different evolutionary pressures : one population was subjected to starvation , another was under selection to breed early , while a final population was selected to breed late .
Actually , the researchers did n't just do this once ; they did the experiment 4 times in parallel , something you can't do when you study evolution out in the field .
The fly populations evolved under these various conditions for about 50 generations , and then they were split again .
This time , evolution was put in reverse : one population from each group was placed back under the normal , standard lab conditions for another 50 generations .
The result is a set of fly populations that have been subject to selection for 100 generations ( to put this in perspective , note that your ancestors 100 generations back lived about 2500 years ago ) .
Each population adapted to its new environment - the populations were better able to resist starvation , or breed earlier , for example .
But what happens to the genes under these conditions ?
Each population started out with a gene pool of a particular depth - a range of genetic variation among the flies that provided the raw material for evolution to act on .
When the flies were place in a new environment , beneficial genetic variants increased in frequency , while non-beneficial ones decreased .
The authors found that the genetic change experienced by these population was not due to new , beneficial mutations showing in the flies ; the change was mostly due to alterations in the frequency of existing mutations .
This kind of change can happen easily in a sexually - reproducing population , since each generation experiences a mix -n - match as paternal and maternal chromosomes swap pieces ( a process called recombination ) .
The result is this : a gene with a beneficial mutation has neighbors who may just be dead weight - they 're not especially beneficial or harmful , but recombination allows the gene harboring the beneficial mutation to try out new neighbors .
Recombination makes it possible for selective pressure to genetically shape a population without relying on brand - new beneficial mutations .
It 's important to note that some of the genetic changes were not due to selection at all .
Random sampling plays a big role in evolution ; some genetic variants spread through a population not because they are beneficial , but just by sheer chance .
So what happens when you put evolution in reverse ?
After 50 generations of a return to standard lab conditions , the reverse - evolved flies were fully adapted to their new ( but ancestral ) environment .
Perhaps not surprisingly , evolution reversed itself at the genetic level as well - genetic variants in the fly population returned about half way to their original , ancestral frequencies .
In other words , genetically they did n't need to completely retrace their steps in order to become fully adapted to the environment their ancestors had left 100 generations ago .
Why is this important ?
The authors write that " To our knowledge , this study is the most comprehensive description of the molecular population genetics of adaptation in a sexual species . "
They suggest that this study " confirms the prediction that evolution resulting from standing variation is more repeatable than evolution resulting from mutational input . "
In other words , evolution is more reversible if it does n't involve new adaptive mutations , which I do n't think is that surprising .
The bigger question seems to be about how a population 's evolutionary past impacts it 's evolutionary future when placed in a new environment .
While it 's not an earth - shattering paper , this work is a solid demonstration of how evolution is studied in the lab , and how evolutionary models can be rigorously tested with quantitative experiments .
Join me tomorrow for day three of Show Me the Science month .
Evolution as a science is alive and well .
Each day I will blog about a paper related to evolution published in 2009 .
It is a popular view these days .
Many people have the impression that the Bible is simply an outdated book of fairytales and contradictions .
“ You ca n’t trust the Bible !
It ’s full of contradictions ! ”
It is a popular view these days .
Many people have the impression that the Bible is simply an outdated book of fairytales and contradictions .
We are told that biblical stories are fine for children , and perhaps they even contain some moral value .
“ But , surely ” says the critic , “ such stories can not be taken seriously in our modern age of science and technology . ”
The claim of contradictions is a serious allegation against the Christian worldview , and we must be prepared to defend the Bible against such claims .
After all , the Bible speaks of floating ax - heads , the sun apparently going backwards , a universe created in six days , an earth that has pillars and corners , people walking on water , light before the sun , a talking snake , a talking donkey , dragons , and a senior citizen taking two of every animal on a big boat !
On the surface , these things may seem absurd , particularly to those unfamiliar with the Christian worldview .
But to make matters even worse , it is alleged that the Bible contains contradictions .
That is , the Bible seems to say one thing in one place , and then the opposite in another .
Which are we to believe ?
Obviously , two contradictory statements cannot both be true .
While we might come to accept many of the peculiar claims of Scripture , a genuine contradiction cannot be true even in principle .
It is not possible to have a sunny night , a married bachelor , dry water , a true falsehood , and so on .
Thus , the claim that the Bible contains contradictions is a serious challenge indeed .
For if the Bible has even one real contradiction , then it can not be completely true .
Yet the Christian asserts that the Bible is the Word of God and without error .
The claim of contradictions is a serious allegation against the Christian worldview , and we must be prepared to defend the Bible against such claims .
Logical vs. Psychological Problems
Aside from the claim of contradictions , most objections to the Bible are not actually problems at all from a logical perspective .
For example , suppose that someone claims , “ The Bible ca n’t be trusted because it contains accounts of miracles , and miracles are clearly impossible . ”
This argument is not rationally sound because it begs the question .
Clearly , an all - powerful God as described in the Bible would be capable of doing miracles .
Thus , by merely assuming that miracles are impossible , the critic has already dismissed the possibility that the Bible is true .
His argument is circular .
The critic is essentially arguing that the Bible is false because the Bible is false .
But if the Bible is true , then certainly it is not a problem for an all - powerful God to make the sun go backwards , to walk on water , to make a donkey talk , or to raise the dead .
These things may seem counter - intuitive , but they are not illogical .
They are merely a psychological problem for some .
So , someone may subjectively feel that it is impossible for the sun to go backwards as suggested in 2 Kings 20:11 , but there is nothing illogical about an all - powerful God doing just that .
To argue that something is impossible because it “ seems ” counter - intuitive is not rational .
Just imagine a lawyer arguing that his client is innocent by saying , “ Your Honor , I just really , really believe in my heart that he is innocent .
I just do n’t feel that he could have done it . ”
This is nothing more than a mere opinion ; it is not evidence at all and would be a silly argument .
Yet , people apply this same kind of thinking to the Bible .
They essentially argue that the Bible cannot be true because it does n’t “ feel ” right to them .
Whenever someone asserts that miracles are impossible or that some biblical claim does n’t “ seem ” plausible to him , he is essentially just assuming that the Bible is false .
These kinds of assertions need no refutation because they are not logical objections , merely psychological opinions .
They simply tell us about the emotional state of the critic rather than presenting a genuine challenge to the Christian worldview .
The Challenge of Contradictions
But contradictions are different .
If the Bible asserts a particular claim and also asserts a contrary claim , clearly they can not both be true at the same time .
If the Bible contains genuinely contradictory information , then it cannot really be completely true , since one of the two claims would have to be false .
Thus , unlike mere subjective opinions about what is plausible , the claim that the Bible contains contradictions is a real challenge — one that Christians should take seriously .
But what constitutes a contradiction ?
Most alleged biblical contradictions are not even “ apparent ” contradictions because there is no necessary conflict between the two propositions .
For example , the statements , “ Jesus is descended from Adam ” and “ Jesus is descended from Noah ” are not contradictory since both are true .
A contradiction is a proposition and its negation ( symbolically written , “ A and not A ” ) at the same time and in the same relationship .
The law of non-contradiction states that a contradiction cannot be true :
“ It is impossible to have A and not A at the same time and in the same relationship . ”
The last part of this definition is crucially important .
Obviously , A and not A could each be true at different times .
And this resolves a number of alleged biblical contradictions .
They could even be true at the same time if the relationship is different .
Difference of Sense or Relationship
Since words can be used in different senses , it is possible to have A and not A at the same time as long as the relationship or sense of the word is different .
A man can be a bachelor and also married , in the sense that he is “ married to his job . ”
This does not conflict with the fact that the bachelor is unmarried in the sense of not having a wife .
There is no contradiction if the sense of the word differs .
Some of the alleged Bible contradictions fall under this category .
For example , it is claimed that James contradicts Romans on the topic of justification :
It may seem counterintuitive that God is one in nature and three in persons , but there is no contradiction here .
Romans 4:2–3 teaches that Abraham was justified by faith alone , not by works .
However , James 2:21 , 24 teaches that Abraham was justified by works and not by faith alone .
Do we have a contradiction here ?
We do have A and not A at the same time , but the relationship differs .
Romans 4 is teaching about justification before God ; by faith alone Abraham was considered righteous before God .
But James 2 is teaching about justification before men ( James 2:18 ) ; by works ( as a result of faith ) Abraham was considered righteous before men .
There is no contradiction here .
Along the same lines , the Trinity is sometimes alleged to be a contradictory concept : “ How can God be both one and three ? ”
But upon inspection we can see that there is no contradiction because the relationship differs .
The Bible teaches that God is one in one sense , and three in a different sense .
Specifically , there is one God ( Isaiah 45:5 –6 , 18 , 22 ) , and yet there are three persons who are God : the Father ( Galatians 1:1 ) , the Son ( John 20:31 ) , and the Holy Spirit ( Acts 5:3 – 4 ) .
It may seem counterintuitive that God is one in nature and three in persons , but there is no contradiction here .
The Trinity may be a psychological problem for some people , but it is not a logical problem .
False Dilemma
Some alleged contradictions of the Bible are presented as a dilemma : “ Was the Bible given by inspiration of God as indicated in 2 Timothy 3:16 or was it written by men as indicated in other passages ( Luke 1:3 ; John 21:24 ) ? ”
The implication is that only one of these can be true , and so , the Bible must contain errors .
But this is the fallacy of the false dilemma because there is no reason why the Bible cannot be both inspired by God and also written by men .
God used men to write His Word ( 2 Peter 1:21 ) .
Another example of a false dilemma is when two words or names are synonymous :
Is Reuben the son of Jacob ( Genesis 35:22 –23 ) , or the son of Israel ( Genesis 46:8 ) ?
Both are true because Israel is Jacob .
Contextual Considerations
Some examples of alleged contradictions commit the fallacy of taking the text out of context .
For example , Genesis 1:1 indicates that God exists and has made everything .
Suppose someone argued that this contradicts Psalm 14:1 in which we read “ there is no God . ”
But to suppose that this is a contradiction would be absurd , since the excerpt from the Psalms is out of context .
In context , Psalm 14:1 teaches that “ The fool has said in his heart , ‘ There is no God . ’ ”
When the context is considered , there is no contradiction at all .
We must remember that the Bible records statements and events that it does not endorse .
Clearly , we must endeavor to honor the author ’s intentions whenever we study any work of literature .
The Bible is no exception .
Historical narrations should be taken in the normal ( literal ) way .
Poetic passages in the Bible should not be pressed beyond their intention .
Prophetic sections that use a lot of verbal imagery should be taken as such .
Figures of speech in the Bible should not be taken as anything other than figures of speech .
No , the earth does not literally have pillars , or corners , but it does figuratively .
Even today a person may be considered a “ pillar of the community , ” and we still sometimes use the “ four corners of the earth ” as a reference to the cardinal directions .
To suggest that such passages are teaching a flat earth is unwarranted , and commits the fallacy of taking the text out of context .
There are places where the Bible uses language of appearance , where something is described as it appears from a human perspective .
Obvious examples are where the Bible mentions sunrise and sunset .
When we examine the context of such verses it is clear that the authors are not advancing an astronomical model ; they are talking about sunrise and sunset ( or the direction thereof : east and west respectively ) in the same sense that we do today .
It would be fallacious to pull such verses out of context to argue that the Bible is teaching that the sun goes around the earth in a Newtonian physics sense .
Fallacy of Sweeping Generalization
There are a number of places where the Bible speaks in terms of generalizations — things that are usually ( but not universally ) true .
The book of Proverbs contains many of these .
It is not a contradiction to have some instances where the general rule does not apply .
Therefore , we must be careful not to commit the fallacy of a sweeping generalization — applying a general principle as if it were a universal rule .
The Proverbs are not intended to be taken as universal rules , but rather as general principles that work most of the time .
Moreover , the Bible also contains things that are indeed rules , but that have acceptable exemptions .
Clearly , the Bible teaches that it is wrong to kill , and yet understandably makes exceptions for self - defense , punishment for certain extreme crimes , and during battle .
Exceptions to a general principle or exemptions to a rule are not contradictions and thus pose no challenge to the Christian worldview .
Translational Issues
Another difficulty arises due to the fact that most of us read the Bible in a different language than the original .
This allows for the possibility of translational issues .
One example of confusion that can arise due to translation is found in John 21:15 – 17 .
Here Jesus asks
Peter three times , “ Do you love me ? ”
Peter replies three times that he does love Jesus .
In English translations , one word is used for love in all instances , and so , the conversation seems strange .
However , in Greek , two words for love are used .
When Jesus asks if Peter loves Him ,
He uses the word agape — intending a selfless , Godly love .
However , when Peter answers he uses the word phileo — intending brotherly love .
Although love is a perfectly correct way to translate both of these words , some of the subtlety of the original is lost in English versions .
It is often helpful to consult several different versions of the Bible to see the range of possible interpretations .
In some instances the correct English translation of a word is disputed .
In such cases , it is often helpful to consult several different versions of the Bible to see the range of possible interpretations , or to consult a Hebrew / Greek lexicon .
Recall that we should always attempt to honor the intentions of the author , and in many cases this entails a careful study of the word or phrase in question .
It would be disingenuous to accuse the Bible of a contradiction in an English translation when there is no contradiction in the original language .
Additionally , there are very slight variations in ancient manuscripts of the Bible .
Although none of the ancient variants differ in any essential way , some do contain differences of numbers , spelling , and an occasional word or phrase .
In most cases , it is easy to tell from context which variant is the original .
Variations in ancient manuscripts that are clearly copyist errors should not be taken as the intention of the author , since the author is not responsible for transmission errors .
The consistent Christian does not claim that a miscopying of scripture contains no errors — only that the original manuscripts contained none , since they were divinely inspired .
Therefore , an alleged contradiction can be dismissed if the ancient manuscripts do not contain the error .
Contradictions of Inference
Nor are contradictions of inference a genuine problem for the Christian worldview .
A contradiction of inference is where we merely infer a contradiction that the text does not actually state .
As one example , we might ask , “ Where did Mary and Joseph take Jesus after Bethlehem ? ” Matthew 2:13 –15 indicates that they went to Egypt to be safe from King Herod .
However , Luke 2:22 , 39 indicates that they took the child to Jerusalem ( only a few miles from Bethlehem ) and then to Nazareth after that .
There is no mention of Egypt in Luke ’s account .
Is this a contradiction ?
Although we might infer that both Matthew and Luke are describing the same time period and the same visit to the Bethlehem region , the text does not actually state this .
Perhaps Matthew is describing a second journey to Bethlehem ( or possibly one of the surrounding regions ) ; in fact the visit of the wise men may have been as much as two years after the birth of Christ according to Matthew 2:16 .
So , it may be that Joseph and his family went to Nazareth a few months after the birth of Christ in Bethlehem and then to Egypt after their second trip to the Bethlehem region .
Although this is only one possibility , the point is that there is no necessary contradiction between Matthew 2 and Luke 2 .
Any apparent conflict exists only in the mind , not in the text .
Another contradiction of inference is what we might call the X and only X fallacy .
This occurs when a reader erroneously assumes that a number stated in the Bible ( X ) indicates only X and not more .
As an example , consider the account of the demon- possessed man recorded in Mark 5:2–16 and Luke 8:26–37 .
According to Matthew 8:28 –34 , there were two men who were demon-possessed .
Does this conflict with Mark and Luke ?
We might be inclined to infer from Mark and Luke that there was only one man , but the text does not actually say this .
So , to call this a contradiction is to commit the X and only X fallacy .
After all , if there were two men , then it must also be true that there was one man ( as well as one other man ) !
The fact that Mark and Luke do not mention the other man is interesting .
Perhaps one man was much more violent or otherwise noteworthy than the other ; we can only speculate .
In any case , Mark and Luke do not say that there was only one man ; therefore , there is no contradiction here .
Contradictions of inference tell us that we have incorrectly imagined the details that were not provided by the text .
They are not problems with the Bible because such contradictions exist only in our speculations , not in the biblical text .
We must always be careful about drawing dogmatic conclusions from things the Bible does not actually state .
Factual Contradictions and Begging the Question
Another type of criticism might be called an apparent factual contradiction .
In this case , rather than claiming that the Bible contradicts itself , the critic alleges that the Bible contradicts a well - established fact .
There are two types of alleged factual contradictions , and both turn out to be fallacious .
The first type comes from a misreading of the text .
This could stem from any of the fallacies already listed .
A word could be taken in the wrong sense ; a verse could be taken out of context ; there could be a translational or manuscript dispute ; or something could be assumed to be a teaching of scripture when in fact it is only an inference by the reader .
An example of this type of alleged factual contradiction is the claim that the Bible teaches that the earth is stationary , which contradicts the fact that the earth moves around the sun .
In this case , the biblical passages ( such as Psalm 93:1 , 96:10 ) have been taken out of context .
These are poetic passages indicating the world has been established by God and will not deviate from His plan .
These poems are not attempting to develop an astronomical model , and say nothing about physical motion .
In fact , the Psalmist also says , “ I shall not be moved . ” ( Psalm 16:8 ) .
Clearly the author does not intend that he will be physically stationary — rather he means that he will not deviate from the path God has created for him .
In the second kind of alleged factual contradiction , the critic has understood the biblical text properly , but is confused about what the external facts actually are .
In this case , secular beliefs are assumed to be facts that are beyond question .
Examples include : the big bang , evolution , a billions - of - years timescale , naturalism , and the secular order of events .
The Bible does indeed contradict all of these things , but the critic merely assumes that it is the Bible that is wrong .
He then argues that since the Bible contradicts these “ facts , ” it must be wrong .
But this is the fallacy of begging the question .
The critic has simply assumed that the Bible is wrong ( by assuming the secular claims are true ) , and then uses this to argue that the Bible is wrong .
This is nothing more than a vicious circular argument .
The Law of Non-contradiction — a Problem for the Non-Christian
The critic asserts that the Bible is false because it contains contradictions .
Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of this claim is that it actually backfires on the critic .
The reason is this : only if the Bible is true , would contradictions be unacceptable !
Most people simply assume the law of non-contradiction ; they take it for granted that a contradiction cannot be true .
But have you ever stopped to think about why a contradiction cannot be true ?
According to the Bible , all truth is in God ( Colossians 2:3 ; Proverbs 1:7 ) , and God cannot deny ( go against ) Himself ( 2 Timothy 2:13 ) .
So , it makes sense that truth cannot go against itself .
Since the sovereign , eternal God is constantly upholding the entire universe by His power ( Hebrews 1:3 ) , the Christian expects that no contradiction could possibly happen anywhere in the universe at any time .
The universal , unchanging law of non-contradiction stems from God ’s self - consistent nature .
But , apart from the Bible , how could we know that contradictions are always false ?
We could only say that they have been false in our experience .
But our experiences are very limited , and no one has experienced the future .
So , if someone claimed that he or she has finally discovered a true contradiction , the non-Christian has no basis for dismissing such a claim .
Only in a biblical worldview can we know that contradictions are always false ; only the Christian has a basis for the law of non-contradiction .
The Bible tells us that all knowledge comes from God ( Colossians 2:3 ) , and when we reject biblical principles , we are reduced to foolishness ( Proverbs 1:7 ) .
We see this demonstrated in the critic who tries to use God ’s laws of logic to disprove the Bible .
Such an attempt can only fail .
The law of non-contradiction is a biblical principle .
Therefore , whenever anyone uses that law as a basis for what is possible , they are tacitly assuming that the Bible is true .
The critic of the Bible must use biblical principles in order to argue against the Bible .
In order for his argument to be meaningful , it would have to be wrong .
Summary and Conclusions
In this article , we ’ve seen that many criticisms of the Bible are not even alleged contradictions , but mere opinions about what is possible .
These are not logical problems for the Bible ; they are simply psychological problems for the critic .
A contradiction would be “ A and not A at the same time and in the same relationship . ”
Many alleged biblical contradictions have been asserted .
But , in most cases , we find that A and not A are not at the same time , or are used in a different sense or relationship and are thus not contradictions at all .
The critic sometimes presents a pair of biblical principles as if they were two mutually exclusive options , when , in fact , this is not the case — a false dilemma .
In other instances , we find that the words or phrases have been taken out of context : poetic passages taken hyper- literally , figures of speech not taken as such , or language of appearance taken as a Newtonian physics .
Sometimes critics commit the fallacy of sweeping generalization : taking a general principle as if it were universally true , or taking a rule as if it had no exceptions .
Some alleged contradictions are nothing more than a translational or manuscript issue ; the original text contains no contradiction at all .
Additionally , a number of contradictions are merely erroneous inferences : they exist only in the mind of the critic , not in the biblical text .
One in particular that occurs frequently is when the critic assumes that a number ( X ) means “ only X ” when the Bible does not state this .
Also , the Bible is sometimes alleged to conflict with an external “ fact . ”
A number of these claims stem from a misreading of Scripture .
In other cases , the critic has simply assumed that the Bible is in error when it contradicts a particular belief .
In doing so , the critic has committed the fallacy of begging the question .
Perhaps most significantly , we have shown that any claim of alleged contradiction actually confirms that the Bible is true .
This is because the law of non-contradiction is based on the biblical worldview .
When the critic accepts that a contradiction cannot possibly be true , he has implicitly presumed that the Bible must be true .
So , when someone alleges that the Bible cannot be trusted because it contains contradictions , we might turn the question around and simply ask him , “ If the Bible is not true , then why would contradictions be wrong ? ”
If the Bible were not true , there would be no basis for saying that contradictions are always false ; thus , the critic could not argue that the Bible must be false for allegedly containing them .
But if the Bible is true , then it cannot have contradictions .
Thus , alleged contradictions really cannot possibly be a problem for the Bible — even in principle .
Nonetheless , it is appropriate to be aware of some of the most frequently cited claims of contradictions and to understand the details of why such claims fail when we understand the context .
This will serve to confirm that the Bible does not contain contradictions ; it is true in its entirety .
Alleged contradictions turn out to be nothing more than fallacious reasoning of the critic .
Essentially , all of the claims addressed in this web series fall under one of the categories listed above ; but it is helpful to see each one fleshed - out , lest we be accused of skirting the hard questions .
A regular feature wherein symbolic outrages , contrived outrages , real outrages , and outrageous outrages are recounted .
Think of it as a first draft of bathetic history .
Liberals are OUTRAGED that Rush Limbaugh seemed to liken Democrats to murderers , rapists , and " this Muslim guy " that " offed his wife 's head " ...
CNBC Rick Santelli is OUTRAGED that his taxpayer money is subsidizing his neighbors ' mortgages .
New York Post reporters are OUTRAGED that their cartoonist compared Barack Obama to a chimp .
John Gibson is OUTRAGED that Huffington
Post thought he compared Eric Holder to a monkey 's bright blue scrotum .
And the New York Post is OUTRAGED that liberals interpreted the cartoon as being racist .
Europe is OUTRAGED that General Motors is cutting jobs on the continent .
Michelle Malkin is OUTRAGED that no one is paying attention to her OUTRAGE .
Republican activists continue to be OUTRAGED at the idea that Democrats will bring back the " Fairness Doctrine . "
Jonas Brother
Nick thinks his fans are OUTRAGEOUS in a good way .
Some folks are OUTRAGED that the House Oversight Committee refuses to hold hearings on pro wrestling and baseball 's steroid problems .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Snooker 's Nice Guy " Hurricane " Higgins dropped from charity event
For immediate release : Bad Break
( ACPA - Belfast ) Legendary former world snooker champion Alex " Hurricane " Higgins has been dropped from another charity event after he complimented a referee and made a ten - year old boy smile from ear to ear .
The exemplary behaviour occurred during a recent exhibition match against another previous champion , Steve " Interesting " Davis .
During the game , Higgins thanked the crowd for supporting him in his retirement , offered to give free lessons to an unruly fan , and later promised the referee that he would " stick his cue in the rack carefully . "
Towards the end of the game , when a ten - year old boy caused a distraction , Higgins proclaimed , " Never mind son , I do n't mind missing that pot , so long as you enjoy the game , " making the young boy beam with excitement .
" He behaved like a total gentleman , " confirmed referee Martin Williams .
" At one stage , he complimented me for my accurate score keeping , and later apologized to fans for making them passively smoke . "
However , this newly discovered propriety has come with surprising consequences .
Higgins was dropped yesterday , from a series of upcoming charity games planned by the Millwall Snooker Club .
A disappointed club spokesman announced that he was " not paying good money for decorum and finesse .
If he 's not drunk or hitting someone in the head with a billiard ball , he 's not going to attract much crowd around here . "
This is Higgins ' third cancellation in as many days and there are concerns that he faces financial ruin if the seemly behaviour continues .
Higgins , who was helping out an animal shelter when he heard the latest news , promised he would " try to be more belligerent next time . "
He then excused himself declaring " If you do n't mind , I have a kitten who needs stroking . "
Also read about Opera ends before fat lady sings Click here for all our Satire News Stories
One of the more striking things about being struck … and struck repeatedly …is how fluid time becomes , how simple it is to take leave of your senses and allow your body ’s chemical reactions to rule the day .
Rarely do I do well in a BDSM scene when someone comes at me with their energy at a raging level and I am at a dead stop .
in the same way that someone about to engage in exercise will have a “ warm - up ” period , it is helpful to have a gentle entrée to one ’s ass - whumping perversity .
Hm …now I am stalling with fluffy paragraphs and not biting into the meat of what I ’m trying to say here .
Bloody fucking typical .
But that is , sometimes , how I roll .
I had a really great evening yesterday .
not the least of which because it was within the framework of spending time with some dear friends ( who I mentioned in my last post ) and for whom the goal of the evening was not to break me into teeny pieces and leave me panting on my own shore , trying to figure out what the fuck happened .
The goal , rather , was to have a time together that embraced an enjoyably sensual experience .
I ’m learning , I think , that it does n’t have to take me out for days afterwards to be a wonderful scene .
This was more along the lines of arriving at a Dungeon to which I ’d not been before , so there was the newness of that .
This was walking around and being able to check out the equipment , social area , smaller rooms off the main dungeon , wave hello to an acquaintance I ’d not seen in a long while , and then sit on exceedingly comfy couches to chat about what might play out in the night ’s play .
Please indulge me and allow me to digress for a moment …. well , fuck .
It is my fucking blog .
I do n’t have to ask your permission .
Gods here I go , being all bottomy to anonymous random people reading my blog .
Lame .
I ’m gonna digress for a moment , dammit .
If you are a kinky person , and are so inclined , I strongly recommend bottoming to a well - tuned switchy couple .
Seriously ?
It is the shit .
By the time I was on my belly with my ankles tied together and my wrists bound above my head with my head cradled in the crook of my elbow , I realized it was a bit chilly in the large main room of the dungeon , and mentioned this to Thendara and Mustang .
Mustang immediately had a fluffy towel available to cover my bottom half while he massaged my back and shoulders and Thendara twitched aside the covering to apply tickling tapping cane strokes to the sweet spot just at the meeting place of ass and thighs .
I am a sucker for a nice thuddy caning , and that was an excellent way to warm up the skin and muscle and blood of my body for play … something thoroughly enjoyable .
The massage slowly turned to a harder push and pull and grab and scratch to a catch of the flesh between fingers that elicits a hiss and moan that slips into a giggle when the squashy side of my compressed breast is traced with some fingernails .
“ Someone is ticklish , I think ….are you really really ticklish ? ”
“ No , not at all … ” I snerk even as four hands demand laughter from my mouth and futile wriggles from my body
“ Oh , and lying about it too , I see ! ” came Thendara ’s mocking response , as sixteen fingers and four thumbs did their evil work of exploring my ribs , under my arms , in the fold of my breast , along the small of my back and dear sweet gods not on the feeeeeet !!!!
My skin is so very sensitive to touch and even more so when it has been so many long months since anyone has paid me this type of attention it seems almost too much input to handle …so I let go of handling it and let the riot of strokes thumps pinches tickles bites and scratches take over .
“ Her skin is so soft – ” opines Thendara and Mustang responds with an affirmative and appreciative sigh , which awakened in me a warm happiness that they found enjoyment in something about me .
One series of thuddy flogger strikes melts into a rhythmic paddling of the top of the curve of my ass and then a - owowowowholyfuckow – something that feels like ten pounds of rubber fucking death hits my flank and I pull away …well , all of about six inches away .
Because , well , that hurt .
And that is kind of the point but whenever play goes from comfortable sensation to painful sensation I hesitate because what if it only … hurts ?
What if there is n’t that surreal switchback from pain to pleasurable pain to masochistic wire - crossed pain - as - delight that is the whole reason I ’m supposed to be here , tied up in a fucking converted warehouse in the middle of Random Industrial Park , California , USA on a Friday night dammit see , this is precisely the kind of shit that takes you right .
The .
Fuck .
OUTTA the scene so shut the fuck up and just calm down –
… calm down …
Calm …down ?
Sure .
As your friend hits you on the ass with a couple of feet of wooden cane and her husband grabs your nappy hair and pulls your head firmly sending shivers drippling down your back .
Okay .
I ’m cool .
Okay …. that hurts .
And that is good .
And that is simple .
And you do n’t have to think about anything else right now , because they love you , and because you love and trust them , and that ’s what friends are for .
So the caning gets more intense and that too is good .
So the end of that thick heavy cane pushes at your panties and insinuates its way between your legs and now the panties are kinda wet and so you are moaning between clenched teeth sometimes breathing in a shallow panting and a calming voice reminds you to breathe and then there is a flogger a cane a paddle and … something else … what is it … not sure but then there is a heavy heavy hand right in the thickest part of your ass slamming into the dense muscle and fat and right into your cunt .
Amazing , that , because deep inside elsewhere builds an energetic contracting that feels a whole lot like an orgasm , but backwards … like you are rewinding through having just come , really hard and you move from that humming loop of clenched thighs mouth open breathing heavily oddly modulated moans and something else fantastical and there it is again .
That cane once more somehow between your legs , and then alongside your face … what is that ?
Am I supposed to … perhaps kiss it , to demonstrate my gratefulness or …
“ Can you smell yourself ? ”
I can .
And I do , and it is emotionally somewhat enervating and it hits a button for me because that embarrasses me , usually , but somehow it is ok because yes , my cunt is aroused and moist and provoked with that lovely fucking cane even through my silky black panties my lusty pussy announces itself with unabashed pheremonal lust …
The towel came back out later , the holding pattern of the end of the scene blended seamlessly to the final approach and …touchdown … water and clothes back on and tidying up and wiping down and all the stuff you do once you are finished with your scene …
And me , brought slowly spinning to rest , off of the teacup ride , a giddily childlike wondrous clean and soft place for my heat to rest , for a time , and be grateful .
Being a pervert is , for today , wonderful .
THE incredibly moving song that everyone pretends to understand has topped the Christmas pop charts .
Hallelujah captured the top two spots last night as working class people who do n't understand the Alexandra Burke version outnumbered university graduates who do n't understand the Jeff Buckley version .
Meanwhile composer Leonard Cohen said he was delighted his epic poem , filled with obscure biblical imagery , was finally being downloaded as a ringtone .
Hallelujah fan Tom Logan , from London , said : " I do get very emotional when I hear the line ' she tied you to her kitchen chair , she broke your throne and she cut your hair ' because that happened to me once .
" Except it was more of a shaving situation .
In the groinal region . "
Emma Bradford , an assistant bank manager from Swindon , said : " ' I heard there was a secret chord , that David played and it pleased the lord . '
That always makes me cry because my boyfriend is called David and he does n't understand what it means either . "
She added : " The line about love not being a victory march is very profound , because it really is n't is it ?
A victory march usually involves lots of people in uniforms , a brass band , some horses and perhaps even the Red Arrows .
It 's a totally different thing . "
She added : " But I suppose love really is a cold and broken hallelujah .
Unless you actually like the other person , in which case it 's mostly quite enjoyable . "
Stephen Malley , an architect from Bath , said : " ' I used to live alone before I knew you ' .
For me that really says it all because before I met my wife I actually did live alone for about six months .
Happy days . "
Bill McKay , a retired teacher from Wetherby , added : " Ah yes , ' you saw her bathing on the roof , her beauty and the moonlight overthrew you . '
As did the police when they finally caught me .
And they still have n't returned my binoculars . "
A Country Fire Authority firefighter takes a break while fighting a bushfire at Bunyip state forest near Tonimbuk , Australia Photograph : Andrew Brownbill / EPA
In view of the scale of this fire 's consumption of humans , animals , houses and large and small treasures , it can seem almost obscene to mention history .
But in April 1770 , Captain Cook , passing a northern New South Wales headland in his barque , Endeavour , saw the voluminous smoke of a bushfire , lit by Aborigines for the purpose of flushing out animals .
He called the place Smoky Cape .
Such artfully lit fires as Cook saw along the coastline have been deliberately started for millennia , and they had other purposes than mere mayhem .
They were designed to startle animals out of the bush , to burn dead trees and open up savannah for marsupial proteins - kangaroo , wallaby , etc .
And they were intended as well to germinate plants that only fire can germinate .
An anthropologist , Rhys Jones , named this practice " firestick - farming " .
It is sometimes blamed for the disappearance of what are known as megafauna - the giant marsupial tiger , the prodigiously girthed mega - wombat , the giant kangaroo that is more dwarfing than Magic Johnson - models of which I entertained my granddaughter with at the Australian Museum in Sydney earlier this week .
A fire truck moves away from the flames of a bushfire in the Bunyip Sate Forest near the township of Tonimbuk , west of Melbourne , Australia .
Photograph : AP
But these deliberate , millennial , Aboriginal burn - offs are not irrelevant to the Victorian fires .
They lie at the basis of the most publicly and passionately debated question that arose from these terrible fires outside Melbourne : whether to burn off , as the indigenous Australians did - what one expert calls " mosaic burning " , the burning of discrete patches , one at a time - does any good at all , or can be safely or effectively conducted .
This was the bewildered argument that was held in many a household as we looked and then flinched from photographs of those consumed in Marysville and Kinglake and elsewhere last week .
Behind all our pity is the self - interested knowledge that one year soon something similar is coming our way .
I live only half an hour 's drive from the middle of Sydney , but my home is separated by a fire track and a stone wall from a relatively new national park on the North Head of Sydney Harbour .
Earlier , in colonial history , observers denounced the non-European bush for its perverse refusal to satisfy northern hemisphere sensibility .
Now that 's exactly what we love about it .
I walked through the next - door bush in the rain yesterday and saw the black cones of the banksia tree that generate ferocious heat when burned .
I saw resin - filled eucalyptus trees that not only burn with a passion but can virtually explode and spew fire .
I saw paperbarks covered with hanging shreds of bark - like dried , multi- layered papyrus , their bases littered with the stuff .
I saw the native tea tree plump with flammable resin .
But they were all neutralised by rain when I strolled there .
Indeed it was raining and flooding along the New South Wales coast at the same time that the Victorians were consumed by fire .
It all seemed to validate the Australian poet Les Murray 's argument that there are only two Australian seasons - drought and flood .
Julie
Whiteley lost her entire house though managed to take her kids to safety before the fires hit .
Photograph : Alex Coppel / Rex / Newspix
In Victoria alone , the state of which Melbourne is the capital , there have been , over time , lethal fires with names such as Red Tuesday , Ash Wednesday , Black Thursday , Black Friday , Black Saturday .
On Black Friday in 1939 , the temperature in Melbourne reached 45.6C and 71 people lost their lives .
On Ash Wednesday in 1983 the temperature was 43C and 75 people were killed .
But this fire was accompanied by a Melbourne temperature of 46.4C and killed more than 200 .
No conclusive proof of climate change .
But , as it happens , a record temperature more appropriate to equatorial Africa than to the town which , for its dreary winter , the rest of us call Bleak City .
And one day in the not remote future , while it 's raining in Victoria , our bushland will go up in a Black Monday to Sunday .
So there 's a certain voyeuristic , thank - God - it - was n't - me aspect to all this .
" More bushfire disaster , " says one lead on the Sydney Morning Herald website .
But perforce it 's not like watching an episode of Air Crash Investigation .
The question of to burn or not to burn is more than academic for all Australians .
Though the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation and most universities have scientists working on bushfires , even they are divided .
And the scary question arises : are these periodic immolations inevitable ?
The other kitchen - table argument is whether to flee or stay .
Until this fire the idea was that you attend country fire service briefings and do your best to fireproof your house by removing potential fuel from around it , closing its eaves and removing flammable material from the roof .
Then you leave when it 's suggested you should , or else you stay and fight it and , one hopes , let it jump over you in a few frightening seconds .
I can imagine all too painfully the bind the Victorian dead , recently living , were in .
To abandon a house , which is an extension of your soul , is a terrible choice .
To abandon horses , thought one teenage victim , could not be contemplated .
And what if you abandon your property and the fire does n't affect it anyhow ?
And what if you go next time , and ditto ?
So the third time you say : " To hell with it , I 'm staying ! "
This voracious fire changed things though , and not least the flee / stay propositions .
Working for a Sydney newspaper , my daughter covered a dreadful 1994 fire where , on one of the suburban streets of Sydney 's North Shore , the fire jumped the road and , for some terrifying seconds , took all the oxygen with it .
In that same street a couple sheltered in their swimming pool but were still somehow killed in a manner best not inquired into .
Now my daughter lives not far from bushland and has understandably always been a go - and - take - the - kids woman , her husband a stay - and - train - the - hose man .
But after this fire , he says he 's going too .
Because this fire proved that you could take every precaution , attend every class , and still lose your house and your life .
It proved that in the face of the devouring tsunami of fire , a hose is useless .
So who is to blame , and what could have been done ?
My eminent fellow Australian , Germaine Greer , belongs to the mosaic - burning school .
According to this school of thought , a greater frequency of burn - offs would have meant that there was less fuel in the forests for the fires when they came .
In a reception for the UK Friends of the Flying Doctor Service in London last week , she said : " Aboriginal people burned for a reason ... every season sclerophyll [ Australian eucalypts , etc ] build up and great amounts of detritus drop and collect and this must burn off if there is to be new growth . "
It is absolutely true that eucalyptus forests shed bark and leaves in profuse showers of tinder all year round .
They are perpetually making fuel .
And Greer is willing to put her own Australian bushland property up for the process .
" If it is burned every five years , you 'll have six months when it looks a bit rubbish .
But you will also get all the orchids and all the rare wildflowers popping up out of the ground . "
Indeed , a government fire manual advises farmers : " Most bush would degrade in the long - term absence of fire . "
Our cousins in moist New Zealand , who generously sent their volunteer firefighters to help , also belong to the firestick - farming school .
One leading paper said that Australians are pointing the finger at the green movement for regulations designed to protect biodiversity of the bush by restricting burn - offs .
And some of us are .
But for probably fatuous reasons , I can't be as decisive as that on the issue .
My own beliefs are skewed by the fact that in Sydney a few years back , in a national park only half an hour 's drive from where I lived , a party of seven firefighting volunteers recruited from our area were overwhelmed by a burn - off - a mosaic burning - which turned back on them with a change in the wind , consumed their truck and killed the two youngest volunteers , a man and a woman in their 20s .
Since we knew the woman 's family , perhaps I am emotionally ill - equipped .
This is n't the first time that what the rural fire service calls " a controlled burn " has got out of hand .
But my shilly - shallying , as Greer would no doubt tell me , will be small protection when the fire comes .
There are nonetheless political issues we are entitled to complain about .
A national early - warning system for natural disasters has never been put in place - it has been " languishing around for several years " , said the deputy prime minister , Julia Gillard .
Indeed , federal and state governments have argued about who would pay for it , and it went unattended to throughout John Howard 's long prime ministership .
Now the relatively new prime minister , Kevin Rudd , has promised to introduce the legislation , and one hopes the parliamentary heat will cool along with the ashes of Victoria .
Action is also promised on permitting Telstra , Australia 's chief telcommunications provider , to send messages to all phones of all servers warning of danger , a restriction that up to now was based more on fear of monopoly than any desire to prevent fair warning .
And in the spirit of Australian contradictoriness , while the local federal member has expressed gratitude that the worst fire , which destroyed many schools , occurred on a Saturday when they were empty , and has proposed that fireproof shelters be placed under all such schools , others have said that given the capacity of fires to draw oxygen , they would be death - traps .
You see , even after 221 years we 're not sure what to do .
Another thing that is eternal to fire , but about which politicians always make amazed , sombre speeches promising severer penalties , is arson .
As incomprehensible , lethal and punishable as it seems to us , it will always be with us .
It 's something the best of psychiatry and the most severe jail sentences will never protect us from .
It should be included along with other forces of nature in any modelling .
To talk of it as an exception to the rule , as politicians like to do , is unrealistic .
For Australia , not to put too delicate a point on it , is an arsonist 's wet dream .
The bush cries out for fire as lover cries to lover .
I hate , after all our boasts about having the most venomous spiders , snakes and medusae in the world , to say we 've got the most deadly fire conditions .
California 's conflagrations are not negligible .
Mind you , their need , for earthquake reasons , to put wooden shingles on their roofs makes them more vulnerable , whereas we have the non-flammable luxury of metal or terracotta tiles - indeed , charred metal lies all around the ruins .
But whether our fires are the worst or not , we 're up there .
Perhaps impressionistically , it seems to me that this calamity has shaken climate change sceptics .
It seems that as well as El Niño , which suddenly ( about Christmas , hence the name ) exchanges our warm water for cold Peruvian waters and creates drought in inland Australia , the summers are getting more cyclonic , dumping water to encourage growth and then drying it brittle with heatwaves .
I always throw Nome , Alaska , at anyone who expresses doubt about climate change around our place .
Admittedly , Nome is a long way from Australia , but last summer my wife and I saw there a number of moored , well - rigged but unexceptional yachts that had come through the Northwest Passage .
That is , they had made without drama a journey that defeated Cook in the 18th century and killed Sir John Franklin and all his expedition in the 19th century .
Only Arctic melt made this possible .
Then , a month ago , my grandson and I went with others for a flight over the coast of Antarctica and the South Magnetic Pole .
A scientist on board pointed out clearly discernible blue melt - pools on the surface of the tongue of an ice shelf , an utterly new and unprecedented symptom of increasing temperatures .
And in between , Australia with its long - term droughts and violent storms and awful catastrophes , its wonderful ancient bush inhabited by spirits utterly different from those of Europe , atmospheric as anyone could hope for ; surpassing strange .
And with fire on its breath .
· This article was amended on Friday February 20 2009 .
We mentioned Maryvale but we should have said Marysville .
This has been corrected .
Two Ambulance workers have been arrested on suspicion of neglecting a dying man .
They were detained after detectives were given a tape recording of them in the dying patient 's house , in which they were allegedly heard discussing not bothering to try to revive him .
The two men , aged 35 and 44 , both employees of South East Coast Ambulance Service NHS Trust , had been sent to the home of a disabled man , Barry Baker , who dialled 999 saying he thought he was having a heart attack .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ambulance controllers kept Mr Baker , from Brighton , talking on the phone as they ordered the paramedic and ambulance technician to get to him .
But the 59 - year - old , who lived alone , collapsed unconscious while talking on the phone , leaving the line open to the control centre as he lay on the floor .
Minutes later , dispatch centre staff heard their crew enter the house , making disparaging comments about the state of the home .
A police source said the crew were then heard discussing Mr Baker and saying " words the effect that he was not worth saving " .
Both men have been suspended and bailed until next month while a police investigation is carried out .
No charges have yet been made .
A police source said : " Apparently , the paramedics ' first reaction was to comment on the untidy and unkempt state of the house .
Then they are heard to comment on seeing Mr Baker and saying that it was not worth bothering to try to carry out resuscitation to try to save him .
" They then are heard discussing what to tell ambulance control and decide to say that he was already dead when they arrived .
" Obviously the crew did not realise the phone was still connected and the 999 call was all recorded on tape . "
" The controllers were so shocked they contacted senior managers and the police were called in . "
OLYMPIA , Wash. , Dec. 12 ( UPI ) -- A Kansas church known for its militant opposition to homosexuality wants to post a warning against Santa Claus in the Washington State Capitol .
A sign from the Westboro Baptist Church saying " Santa Claus will take you to hell " would join other religious statements on the third floor of the building , The Olympian reported .
The posted displays include a nativity scene , a menorah and several atheist messages as well as a sign celebrating the winter solstice .
Advertisement
Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka is best known for picketing military funerals with signs that blame deaths in Iraq and Afghanistan on U.S. acceptance of homosexuality .
The church is led by Fred Phelps Sr. and most of its members are his children and grandchildren .
The proposed sign would include a mocking version of the song " Santa Claus is coming to town " with messages deriding Santa as an idol .
" So get this fact straight :
you 're feeling God 's hate ,
Santa's to blame for the economy 's fate ,
Santa Claus will take you to hell . "
The UK's Competition Commission has just shot its first kangaroo — Project Kangaroo , a proposed Hulu - style joint venture from the UK's three leading programmers .
According to the Commission , no proposed remedies would have been good enough to create any sort of competition in the video - on - demand ( VOD ) market , so the service can not go ahead .
Kangaroo was to feature both " archival " ( old ) and " catch - up " ( recent ) content from ITV , Channel 4 , and the BBC .
Nearly all of the material would be free to consumers thanks to the magic of advertising , and it would all be available from a single site .
The idea bounded into life in 2007 , but by the middle of 2008 , the Competition Committee was involved over worries that the UK VOD market would now essentially belong to a single company .
According to the Committee 's final report on the matter , out today , without Kangaroo the three programmers " were , or would be in the future , each other 's closest competitors for the supply of UK VOD content . "
Any other company wanting to offer a competitive service with content produced in the UK would essentially have to pay whatever Kangaroo asked , and the joint venture would have great control over advertising rates for VOD content .
The companies affected issued a joint statement saying , " We are disappointed by the decision to prohibit this joint venture .
While this is an unwelcome finding for the shareholders , the real losers from this decision are British consumers .
This is a disproportionate remedy and a missed opportunity in the further development of British broadcasting . "
The newspapers are already taking sides .
A Telegraph columnist argues that the decision was correct .
" The collaborators in project Kangaroo control the vast majority of UK - created video content , " writes Ian Douglas .
" Barring a few podcasters and some very minor digital channels almost no one is making television in this country without reference to these three organisations .
" Bringing them together into a single bargaining unit for video on demand is an unacceptable state of affairs , an online cabal , and the Competition Commission were in the dead centre of their remit to say that it could not go ahead . "
But a Times columnist is outraged , pointing out that some third party like YouTube could apparently sign deals with all three broadcasters and launch a nearly identical service without problems .
" But if the BBC , ITV , and Channel 4 want to own the website , that 's wrong — because they share the profits from the programmes they commission .
How outrageous is that ?
The Commission is worried that they will not supply their programmes to YouTube , or other competitors on a fair basis .
" Well , it 's not very complicated to get round that .
The broadcasters should be forced to sell their content on a fair , reasonable and non-discriminatory basis to all comers , and they should sell it individually .
A wholesale price could even be set by the regulator , like the ones set for BT when it comes to broadband , if it is that important . "
But the deed is done and Kangaroo appears to have hopped its last hop .
Each broadcaster will continue its own Internet delivery experiments , but a central hub for UK - produced TV remains out of reach .
June 12 , 2006
This Week 's Finds in Mathematical Physics ( Week 234 )
John Baez
Today I 'd like to talk about the math of music - including torsors , orbifolds , and maybe even Mathieu groups .
But first , some movies of the n-body problem :
1 ) Cris Moore ,
The 3 - body ( and n- body ) problem , http://www.santafe.edu/~moore/gallery.html
In 1993 Cris Moore discovered solutions of the gravitational n- body problem where the particles ' paths lie in a plane and trace out braids in spacetime !
I spoke about these in " week181 " .
More recently , Moore and Michael Nauenberg have found solutions with cubic symmetry and vanishing angular momentum , and made movies of these :
For the mathematical details , try this :
2 ) Cristopher Moore and Michael Nauenberg , New periodic orbits for the n-body problem , available at math .
DS/0511219 .
Next , math and music .
Some of you have been in this situation .
A stranger at a party asks what you do .
You reluctantly admit you 're a mathematician , expecting one of the standard responses : " Oh ! I hate math ! " or " Oh !
I was pretty good at math until .... "
But instead , after a strained moment they say : " Oh !
Do you play an instrument too ?
Is n't music really mathematical ? "
I guess it 's like meeting a Martian and asking them if they like Arizona : an attempt to humanize something alien and threatening .
You may not have much in common , but at least you can chat about red rocks .
Of course there is something mathematical about music , and lots of mathematicians play music .
I rarely think about music in a mathematical way .
But I know they have something in common : the transcendent beauty of pure form .
Indeed , in the Middle Ages , music was part of a " quadrivium " of mathematical arts : arithmetic , geometry , music , and astronomy .
These were studied after the " trivium " of grammar , rhetoric and logic .
This is why mathematicians scorn a result as " trivial " when it 's easy to see using straightforward logic .
So when a result seems more profound , they should call it " quadrivial " .
Try saying it sometime : " Cool !
That 's quadrivial ! "
It might catch on .
There are also modern applications of math to music theory .
I had never heard of " neo-Riemannian theory " until Tom Fiore explained it to me while I was visiting Chicago .
Tom is a postdoc who works on categorified algebraic theories , double categories and the like - but he's also into music theory :
3 ) Thomas M. Fiore , Music and mathematics , available at http://www.math.uchicago.edu/~fiore/1/music.html
4 ) Thomas M. Fiore and Ramon Satyendra , Generalized contextual groups , Music Theory Online 11 ( 2005 ) , available at http://www.math.uchicago.edu/~fiore/1/music.html
The first of these is a very nice gentle introduction , suitable both for musicians who do n't know group theory and mathematicians who do n't know a triad from a tritone !
When Tom first mentioned " neo-Riemannian theory " , I thought this was some bizarre application of differential geometry to music .
But no - we 're not talking about the 19th - century mathematician Bernhard Riemann , we 're talking about the 19th - century music theorist Hugo Riemann !
Based on the work on Euler - yes , the Euler - Hugo Riemann introduced diagrams called " tone nets " to study the network of relations between similar chords .
You can see his original setup here :
5 ) Joe Monzo , Tonnetz : the tonal lattice invented by Riemann , Tonalsoft : the Encyclopedia of Microtonal Music Theory , http://www.tonalsoft.com/enc/t/tonnetz.aspx
6 ) Paul Dysart , Tonnetz : musics , harmony and donuts , http://members2.boo.net/~knuth/
Apparently Riemann 's ideas have caught on in a big way .
Monzo says that " use of lattices is endemic on internet tuning lists " , as if they were some sort of infectious disease .
Dysart seems more gung - ho about it all .
The " donuts " he mentions arise when you curl up tone nets by identifying notes that differ by an octave .
He has some nice pictures of them !
In neo -Riemannian theory , people like Lewin and Hyer started extending Riemann 's ideas by using group theory to systematize operations on chords .
The best easy introduction to this is Fiore 's paper " Music and mathematics " .
Here you can read about math lurking in the music of Elvis and the Beatles !
Or , if you 're more of a highbrow sort , see what he has to say about Hindemith and Liszt 's " Transcendental Etudes " .
And if you like doughnuts and music , you 'll love the section where he explains how Beethoven 's Ninth traces out a systematic path in a torus - shaped tone net !
This amazing fact was discovered by Cohn , Douthett , and Steinbach .
( If I were n't so darn honest , I 'd add that Liszt wrote the " Transcendental Etudes " as a sequel to his popular " Algebraic Etudes " , and explain how Mozart 's " eine kleine Nachtmusik " tours a tone net shaped like a Klein bottle .
But alas ....)
Let me explain a bit about group theory and music - just enough to reach something really cool Tom told me .
If you 're a musician , you 'll know the notes in an octave go like this , climbing up :
C , C# , D , D# , E , F , F# , G , G# , A , A# , B
until you 're back to C .
If you 're a mathematician , you might be happier to call these notes
0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11
and say that we 're working in the group of integers mod 12 , otherwise known as Z/12 .
Let 's be mathematicians today .
The group Z/12 has been an intrinsic feature of Western music ever since pianos were built to have " equal temperament " tuning , which makes all the notes equally spaced in a certain logarithmic sense : each note vibrates at a frequency of 21/12 times the note directly below it .
Only 7 of the 12 notes are used in any major or minor key - for example , C, D , E , F , G , A , B is C major and A , B , C , D , E , F , G is A minor .
So , as long as Western composers stuck to writing pieces in a single fixed key , the Z/12 symmetry was " spontaneously broken " by their choice of key , only visible in the freedom to change keys .
But , as composers gradually started changing keys ever more frequently within a given piece , the inherent Z/12 symmetry became more visible .
In the late 1800s this manifested itself in trend called " chromaticism " .
Roughly speaking , music is " chromatic " when it freely uses all 12 notes , but still within the context of an - often changing - key .
I guess Wagner and Richard Strauss are often mentioned as pinnacles of chromaticism .
Chromaticism then led to full - fledged " twelve - tone music " starting with Schoenberg in the early 1900s .
This is music that fully exploits the Z/12 symmetry and does n't seek to privilege a certain 7 - element subset of notes defining a key .
People found Schoenberg 's music disturbing and dissonant at the time , but I find it very beautiful .
Now comes the really exciting thing Tom told me : two other symmetry groups lurking in music , and a relationship between them .
First , the transposition - inversion group .
This acts as permutations of the set Z/12 .
It 's generated by two especially nice permutations .
The first is " transposition " .
This raises each note a step :
x |→ x + 1
Musicians would call this a half - step , just like physicists measure spin in multiples of 1/2 , but we 're being mathematicians !
The second is " inversion " .
This turns notes upside down :
x |→ -x
The relevance of this to music is a bit less obvious : composers like Bach and Schoenberg used it explicitly , but we 'll see it playing a subtler role , relating major and minor chords .
The transposition - inversion group has 24 elements .
Mathematicians call it the 24 - element " dihedral group " , since it consists of the symmetries of a regular 12 - sided polygon where you 're allowed to rotate the polygon ( transposition ) and also flip it over ( inversion ) .
I hope you see that this geometrical picture is just a way of visualizing the 12 notes .
So , the transposition - inversion group obviously on the 12 - element set of notes .
But , it also acts on the 24 - element set of " triads " !
Triads are among the most basic chords in music .
Mathematically they are certain 3 - element subsets of Z/12 .
They come in two kinds , major and minor .
There are 12 major triads , namely
{ 0,4,7} C major triad : {C , E, G}
and everything you can get from this by transposition .
If you invert these , you get the 12 minor triads , namely
{ 0, -4, -7} = { 5,8,0} F minor triad : {F , Ab, C}
and everything you can get from this by transposition .
( Note that {0 , - 4, -7} = { 5,8,0} because we 're working mod 12 and the order does n't matter .
I 've also included the way musicians talk about these triads , in case you care . )
Major triads sound happy ; when you invert them they sound sad , just like an upside - down smile looks sad .
There could be some profound truth lurking here .
A smile has a positive second derivative :
. . . . . .
. . . . . .
( On the other hand , a backwards smile is still a smile , and a backwards frown is still a frown .
So , if you 're a company and the second derivative of your profits is positive , you can say business is looking up - and you could still say this if time were reversed ! )
But never mind .
We had this transposition - inversion group acting on our set of notes , namely Z/12 .
Since tranposition and inversion act on notes , they also act on triads .
For example , transposition does this :
{ 0,4,7} |→ { 1,5,8} C major triad |→ C# major triad
while inversion does this :
{ 0,4,7} |→ { 5,8,0} C major triad |→ F minor triad
So , we 've got this 24 - element transposition - inversion group acting on the 24 - element set of triads !
But here 's really cool part : there 's another important 24 - element group acting on the same set !
It 's easy to define mathematically , but it also has a musical meaning .
Mathematically , it 's just the " centralizer " of the transposition - inversion group .
In other words , it consists of all ways of permuting triads that commute with transposition and inversion !
Musically , it 's called the " PLR " group , because it 's generated by 3 famous transformations .
To describe these transformations , I 'll need to talk about the " bottom " , " middle " and " top " note of a triad .
If you know a wee bit of music theory this should be obvious as long as you know I 'm talking about triads in root position .
If you 're a mathematician who has never studied music theory and you think of triads as 3 - element subsets of Z /12 , it might be less obvious , since Z/12 does n't have a nice ordering - it only has a cyclic ordering .
But this is enough .
The point is that major triads are sets of the form
{n , n+4,n+7} ,
while minor triads are of the form
{n , n+3,n+7} .
So , we can call the note n the " bottom " , the note n+3 or n+4 the " middle " , and n+7 the " top " .
Musicians call them the " root " , " third " and " fifth " , but let 's be simple - minded mathematicians .
Okay , what are the transformations P , L , and R ?
They stand for " parallel " , " leading tone change " , and " relative " - but what are they ?
Each of these transformations keeps exactly 2 of the notes in our triad the same .
Also , each changes major triads into minor triads and vice versa .
These features make these transformations musically interesting .
The transformation " P " keeps the top and bottom notes the same .
I 've now said enough for you to figure out what it does ... at least in principle .
For example :
P : {0,4,7} |→ { 0,3,7} C major triad |→ C minor triad
P : {0,3,7} |→ { 0,4,7} C minor triad |→ C major triad
The tranformation " L " turns the middle and top note into the bottom and middle note when you start with a MAJOR triad .
It turns the bottom and middle note into the middle and top note when you start with a MINOR triad .
For example :
L : {0,4,7} |→ { 4,7,11} C major triad |→ E minor triad
L : {0,3,7} |→ { 8,0,3} C minor triad |→ G# major triad
The transformation " R " works the other way around .
It turns the middle and top note into the bottom and middle note when you start with a MINOR triad .
And it turns the bottom and middle note into the middle and top note when you start with a MAJOR triad :
R : {0,4,7} |→ { 9,0,4} C major triad |→ A minor triad
R : {0,3,7} |→ { 3,7,10} C minor triad |→
D# major triad
Can you see why the transformations P , L , and R commute with transposition and inversion ?
It should be easy to see that they commute with transposition .
Commuting with inversion means that if I switch the words " top " and " bottom " and also the words " major " and " minor " in my descriptions above , these transformations do n't change !
You should be left wondering why P , L , and R generate the group of all transformations of triads that commute with transposition and inversion - and why this group , like the transposition - inversion group itself , has exactly 24 elements !
It turns out some of this has a simple explanation , which has very little to do with the details of triads or even the 12 - note scale .
Imagine a scale with n equally spaced notes .
Transpositions and inversions will generate a group with 2n elements .
Let 's call this group G .
If you take any " sufficiently generic " chord in our scale , G will act on it to give a set S consisting of 2n different chords .
Then it 's a mathematical fact that the group of permutations of S that commute with all transformations in G will be isomorphic to G !
So , it too will have 2n elements .
To explain why this is true , I need a bit more math .
First of all , I need to define my terms .
I 'm defining a chord to be " sufficiently generic " if no element of G maps it to itself .
We then say G acts freely on S .
By the way we 've set things up , G also acts transitively on S .
A nonempty set on which G acts both freely and transitively is called a " G - torsor " .
You can read about torsors here :
7 ) John Baez , Torsors made easy , http://math.ucr.edu/home/baez/torsors.html
They 're philosophically very interesting , since they 're related to gauge symmetries in physics ... but right now the only fact we need is that any G - torsor is isomorphic to G .
So , we can identify S with G , with G acting by left multiplication .
Then , it 's a well - known fact that any permutation of G that commutes with left multiplication by all elements of G must be given by right multiplication by some element of G .
And these right multiplications form a group of transformations that is isomorphic to G... just as we were trying to show !
In other words : the group of permutations of G has a subgroup isomorphic to G , namely the left translations .
It also has another subgroup isomorphic to G , namely the right translations .
Each of these subgroups is the " centralizer " of the other .
That is , each one consists of all permutations that commute with every permutation in the other one !
Fiore and Satyendra call them " dual groups " .
In our application to music , the first copy of G is our good old transposition - inversion group , while the second copy is a generalization of the PLR group .
Fiore and Satyendra call it the " generalized contextual group " .
All this is indeed very general .
I do n't know a similarly general explanation of why the operations P , L , and R succeed in generating all transformations that commute with transposition and inversion .
I asked Tom Fiore if he and Ramon Satyendra were the first to show that the PRL group was the centralizer of the transposition - inversion group .
His reply was packed with information , so I 'll quote it :
The initial insight about the duality between the T/ I group and the PLR group was at least 20 year ago .
Dual groups in the musical sense were introduced in David Lewin 's seminal 1987 book " Generalized Musical Intervals and Transformation Theory . "
This book stimulated interest in neo -Riemannian theory , since Lewin recalled the transformations P , L , and R as objects of study .
Major - minor duality was a concern of Hugo Riemann , a theorist from the second half of the 19th century .
Given his interest in duality , Riemann may have had some intuition about a duality between T/ I and PLR , though it was n't until after his death that this duality was formulated in algebraic terms .
An algebraic proof of the duality of T/ I and PLR was in the thesis of Julian Hook in 2002 .
Ramon and I were the first to prove that the " generalized contextual group " is dual to the T / I group acting on a set generated by an arbitrary pitch - class segment satisfying the tritone condition .
( The tritone condition says that the inital pitch - class segment contains an interval other than a tritone and unison . )
Our theorem has the PLR group and major / minor triads as a special case , since the generalized contextual group becomes the PLR group when one takes the generating pitch class segment to be the three pitches of a major chord .
The advantage of our generalization is that one can now apply the PLR insight to passages that are not triadic .
There was a general move toward this in practice for the past decade ( Childs and Gollin considered seventh chords rather than triads , Lewin analyzed instances of a non-diatonic phrase in a piano work of Schoenberg , we analyzed Hindemith , and so on ) .
Most music does not consist entirely of triads ( e.g. late 19th century chromatic music ) , so the restriction of PLR to triads was not conclusive .
We did a literature review of recent neo-Riemannian theory in Part 5 of our article " Generalized Contextual Groups " , since there have been a lot of insights in the past 10 years .
One of the main thinkers is Rick Cohn , who came up with ( among other things ) a nice tiling of the plane which one navigates using P , L , and R ( Richard Cohn , Neo-Riemannian operations , parsimonious trichords , and their Tonnetz representations , Journal of Music Theory , 1997 ) .
It is quite geometric .
8 ) David Lewin , Generalized Musical Intervals and Transformations , Yale University Press , New Haven , Connecticut , 1987 .
9 ) Julian Hook , Uniform Triadic Transformations , Ph.D. thesis , Indiana University , 2002 .
10 ) Adrian P. Childs , Moving beyond neo-Riemannian triads : exploring a transformational model for seventh chords , Journal of Music Theory 42/2 ( 1998 ) , 191-193 .
11 ) Edward Gollin , Some aspects of three - dimensional Tonnetze , Journal of Music Theory 42/2 ( 1998 ) , 195-206 .
12 ) Richard Cohn , Neo-Riemannian operations , parsimonious trichords , and their " Tonnetz " representations , Journal of Music Theory 41/1 ( 1997 ) , 1 - 66 .
13 ) David Lewin , Transformational considerations in Schoenberg 's Opus 23 , Number 3 , preprint .
In fact , the notion of " torsor " pervades the work of David Lewin , but not under this name - Lewin calls it a " general interval system " .
Stephen Lavelle noticed the connection to torsors in 2005 :
14 ) Stephen Lavelle , Some formalizations in musical set theory , June 3 , 2005 , available at http://www.maths.tcd.ie/~icecube/lewin.pdf and http://www.maths.tcd.ie/~icecube/lewin.ps
Unfortunately the music theorists seem not to have set up an " arXiv " , so some of their work is a bit hard to find .
For example , all of Volume 42 Issue 2 of the Journal of Music Theory is dedicated to neo-Riemannian theory , but I do n't think it 's available online .
Luckily , the music theorists have set up some free online journals , like this :
15 ) Music Theory Online , http://mto.societymusictheory.org/
and this one has links to others .
The Society for Music
Theory also has online resources including a nice bibliography on the basics of music theory :
16 ) Society for Music
Theory , Fundamentals of music theory , selected bibliography , http://societymusictheory.org/index.php?pid=37
Now let me turn up the math level a notch ....
If you 're the right sort of mathematician , you 'll have noticed by now that we 're doing some fun stuff starting with the abelian group A = Z/12 .
First we 're forming the group G consisting of all " affine transformations " of A .
These are the transformations that preserve all these operations :
( x , y ) |→ cx + ( 1 - c ) y
where c is an integer .
For A = Z/n , the group of affine transformations has the transposition - inversion group as a subgroup .
The whole affine group has 48 elements , but for now we only keep this subgroup with 24 elements .
Call it G .
Then , we 're saying that we can take any " sufficiently generic " subset of A , hit it with all elements of G , and get a G - torsor , say S. G is then seen as a subgroup of the group of permutations of S , and the centralizer of this subgroup is again isomorphic to G .
You may be more familiar with affine transformations on a vector space , where we get to use any real number for c .
Then
cx + ( 1 - c ) y
describes the line through x and y , so you can say that affine transformations are those that preserve lines .
Vector spaces are R- modules for R the reals , while abelian groups are R- modules for R the integers .
The concept of " affine transformations " of an R - module works pretty much the same way whenever R is any commutative ring .
And , indeed , everything I just said in the last paragraph works if we let A be an R - module for any commutative ring R .
So , there 's some very simple nice abstract stuff going on here : we 're taking an abelian group A , looking at a subgroup G of its affine transformations , and seeing that sufficiently generic subsets of A give rise to G - torsors !
These are nice examples of G - torsors , since nobody is likely to accidentally confuse them with the group G .
If you read my webpage on torsors , you 'll see it 's often easy to mix up a G - torsor with the group G itself .
In fact , I just committed this sin myself !
The set of notes is not naturally an abelian group until we pick an origin - a place for the chromatic scale to start .
It 's really just an A - torsor , where A is the abelian group generated by transposition .
So , there lots of torsors lurking in music ....
The pretty math I 've just described only captures a microscopic portion of what makes music interesting .
It does n't , for example , have anything to say about what makes some intervals more dissonant than others .
As Pythagoras noticed , simple frequency ratios like 3/2 or 4/3 make for less dissonant chords than gnarly fractions like 1259 / 723 .
The equal tempered tuning system , where the basic frequency ratio is 21 /12 , would have made Pythagoras roll in his grave !
Advocates of other tuning systems say these irrational frequency ratios are driving us crazy , making wars break out and plants wilt - but there 's an unavoidable conflict between the desire for simple ratios and the desire for evenly spaced notes , built into the fabric of mathematics and music .
Every tuning system is thus a compromise .
I would like to understand this better ; there 's bound to be a lot of nice number theory here .
To study different tuning systems in a unified way , one first step is replace the group Z/12 by a continuous circle .
Points on this circle are " frequencies modulo octaves " , since for many - though certainly not all - purposes it 's good to consider two notes " the same " if they differ by an octave .
Mathematically this circle is R+/2 , namely the multiplicative group of positive real numbers modulo doubling .
As a group , it 's isomorphic to the usual circle group , U ( 1 ) .
This " pitch class circle " plays a major role in the work of Dmitri Tymoczko , a composer and music theorist from Princeton , who emailed me after I left a grumpy comment on the discussion page for this fascinating but slightly obscure article :
17 ) Wikipedia , Musical set theory , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musical_set_theory
He 's recently been working on voice leading and orbifolds .
They 're related topics , because if you have a choir of n indistinguishable angels , each singing a note , the set of possibilities is :
Tn/S n
where
Tn is the n-torus - the product of n copies of the pitch class circle - and S n is the permutation group , acting on n-tuples of notes in the obvious way .
This quotient is not usually a manifold , because it has singularities at certain points where more than one voice sings the same note .
But , it 's an orbifold .
This kind of slightly singular quotient space is precisely what orbifolds were invented to deal with .
Tymoczko is coming out with an article about this in Science magazine .
For now , you can learn more about the geometry of music by playing with his " ChordGeometries " software :
18 ) Dmitri Tymoczko , ChordGeometries , http://music.princeton.edu/~dmitri/ChordGeometries.html
As for " voice leading " , let me just quote his explanation , suitable for mathematicians , of this musical concept :
BTW , if you 're writing on neo -Riemannian theory in music , it might be helpful to keep the following basic distinction in mind .
There are chord progressions , which are essentially functions from unordered chords to unordered chords ( e.g. the chord progression ( function ) that takes C major to E minor ) .
Then there are voice leadings , which are mappings from the notes of one chord to the notes of the other E.g. " take the C in a C major triad and move it down by semitone to the B . "
This voice leading can be written : ( C , E , G ) |→ ( B , E , G ) .
This distinction is constantly getting blurred by neo-Riemannian music theorists .
But to really understand " neo-Riemannian chord progressions " you have to be quite clear about it .
To form a generalized neo-Riemannian chord progression , start with an ordered pair of chords , say ( C major , E minor ) .
Then apply all the transpositions and inversions to this pairs , producing ( D major , F# minor ) , ( C minor , Ab major ) , etc .
The result is a function that commutes with the isometries of the pitch class circle .
As a result , it identifies pairs of chords that can be linked by exactly similar collections of voice leading motions .
For example , I can transform C major to E minor by moving C down by semitone to B .
Similarly , I can transform D major to F# minor by moving D down by semitone to C#.
Similarly , I can transform C minor to Ab major by moving G up to Ab .
This last voice leading , ( C , Eb , G ) |→ ( C , Eb , Ab ) is just an inversion ( reflection ) of the voice leading ( C , E , G ) | → ( B , E , G ) .
As a result it moves one note up by semitone , rather than moving one note down by semitone .
More generally : if you give me any voice leading between C major and E minor , I can give you an exactly analogous voice leading between D major and F# minor , or C minor and Ab major , etc .
So " neo - Riemannian " progressions identify a class of harmonic progressions ( functions between unordered collections of points on the circle ) that are interesting from a voice leading perspective .
( They identify pairs of chord progressions that can be linked by the same voice leadings , to within rotation and reflection . )
You can learn more about this here :
19 ) Dmitri Tymoczko , Scale theory , serial theory , and voice leading , available at http://music.princeton.edu/~dmitri/scalesarrays.pdf
I 'd like to conclude tonight 's performance with a " chromatic fantasy " - some wild ideas that you should n't take too seriously , at least as far as music theory goes .
In this rousing finale , I 'll list some famous subgroups of the permutations of a 12 - element set .
They may not be relevant to music , but I can't resist mentioning them and hoping somebody dreams up an application .
So far I 've only mentioned two : the cyclic or " transposition " group , Z/12 , and the dihedral or " transposition / inversion " group with 24 elements .
These are motivated by thinking of Z/12 as a discrete analogue of a circle and considering either just its rotations , or rotations together with reflections .
But , mathematically , it 's nice to loosen up this rigid geometry and consider projective transformations of a circle , now viewed as a line together with a point at infinity - a " projective line " .
Indeed , the group Z/11 becomes a field with 11 elements if we multiply as well as add mod 11 .
If we throw in a point at infinity , we get a projective line with 12 elements .
It looks just like our circle of 12 notes .
But now we see that the group PGL ( 2, Z/11 ) acts on this projective line in a natural way .
This group consists of invertible 2×2 matrices with entries in Z /11 , mod scalars .
People call it PGL ( 2,11 ) for short .
So , PGL ( 2,11 ) acts on our 12 - element set of notes .
And , it 's a general fact for any field F that PGL ( 2 , F ) acts on the corresponding projective line in a " triply transitive " way .
In other words , given any ordered triple of distinct points on the projective line , we can find a group element that maps it to any other ordered triple of distinct points .
Even better , the action is " sharply " triply transitive , meaning there 's exactly one group element that does the job !
This lets us count the elements in PGL ( 2,11 ) .
Since we can find exactly one group element that maps our favorite ordered triple of distinct elements to any other , we just need to count such triples , and there are
12 × 11 × 10 = 1320
of them - so this is the size of PGL ( 2,11 ) .
This may be too much symmetry for music , since this group carries any three - note chord to any other , not just in the sense of chord progressions but in the sense of voice leadings .
Still , it 's cute .
We might go further and look for a quadruply transitive group of permutations of our 12 - element set of notes - in other words , one that maps any ordered 4 - tuple of distinct notes to any other .
But if we do , we 'll run smack dab into MATHIEU GROUPS !
Here 's an utterly staggering fact about reality .
Apart from the group of all permutations of an n-element set and the group of even permutations of an n-element set , there are only FOUR groups of permutations that are k- tuply transitive for k >
3 .
Here they are :
The Mathieu group M 11 .
This is a quadruply transitive group of permuations of an 11 - element set - and sharply so !
It has 11 × 10 × 9 × 8 = 7920 elements .
.
This is a quadruply transitive group of permuations of an 11 - element set - and sharply so !
It has The Mathieu group M 12 .
This is a quintuply transitive group of permutations of a 12 - element set - and sharply so !
It has 12 × 11 × 10 × 9 × 8 = 95,040 elements .
.
This is a quintuply transitive group of permutations of a 12 - element set - and sharply so !
It has The Mathieu group M 23 .
This is a quadruply transitive group of permutations of a 23 - element set - but not sharply so .
It has 23 × 22 × 21 × 20 × 48 = 10,200,960 elements .
As you can see , 48 group elements carry any distinct ordered 4 - tuple to any other .
.
This is a quadruply transitive group of permutations of a 23 - element set - but not sharply so .
It has The Mathieu group M 24 .
This is a quintuply transitive group of permutations of a 24 - element set - but not sharply so .
It has 24 × 23 × 22 × 21 × 20 × 48 = 244,823,040 elements .
As you can see , 48 group elements carry any distinct ordered 4 - tuple to any other .
These groups all arise as symmetries of certain discrete geometries called Steiner systems .
An " S ( L , M, N ) Steiner system " is a set of N " points " together with a collection of " lines " , such that each line contains M points , and any set of L points lies on a unique line .
The symmetry group of a Steiner system consists of all permutations of the set of points that map lines to lines .
It turns out that :
There is a unique S ( 5,6,12 ) Steiner system , and the Mathieu group M 12 is its symmetry group .
The stabilizer group of any point is isomorphic to M 11 .
is its symmetry group .
The stabilizer group of any point is isomorphic to M .
There is a unique S ( 5,8,24 ) Steiner system , and the Mathieu group M 24 is its symmetry group .
The stabilizer group of any point is isomorphic to M 23 .
So , the group M 12 could be related to music if there were a musically interesting way of taking the chromatic scale and choosing 6 - note chords such that any 5 notes lie in a unique chord .
I can't imagine such a way - most of these chords would need to be wretchedly dissonant .
Another way to put the problem is that such a big group of permutations would impose more symmetry on the set of chords than I can imagine my ears hearing .
It 's like those grand unified theories that posit symmetries interchanging particles that look completely different .
They could be true , but they 've got their work cut out for them .
Luckily , the Mathieu groups appear naturally in other contexts - wherever the numbers 12 and 24 cast their magic spell over mathematics !
For example , M 24 is related to the 24 - dimensional Leech lattice , and M 12 can be nicely described in terms of 12 equal - sized balls rolling around the surface of another ball of the same size .
See " week20 " for more on this - and the book by Conway and Sloane cited there for even more .
For a pretty explanation of M 24 , also try this :
20 ) Steven H. Cullinane , Geometry of the 4 × 4 square , http://finitegeometry.org/sc/16/geometry.html
For explanations of both M 24 and M 12 , try this :
21 ) Peter J. Cameron , Projective and Polar Spaces , QMW Math Notes 13 , 1991 .
Also available at http://www.maths.qmul.ac.uk/~pjc/pps/
Chapter 9 : The geometry of the Mathieu groups , available at http://www.maths.qmul.ac.uk/~pjc/pps/pps9.pdf
It would be fun to dream up more relations between incidence geometry and music theory .
Could Klein 's quartic curve play a role ?
Remember from " week214 " , " week215 " and " week219 " that this 3 - holed torus can be nicely tiled by 24 regular heptagons :
Its orientation - preserving symmetries form the group PSL ( 2,7 ) , which consists of all 2x2 matrices with determinant 1 having entries in Z /7 , modulo scalars .
This group has 24 × 7 = 168 elements .
Since there are 7 notes in a major or minor scale , and 24 of these scales , it 's hard to resist wanting to think of each heptagon as a scale !
Indeed , after I mentioned this idea to Dmitri Tymoczko , he said that David Lewin and Bob Peck have written about related topics .
Alas , the heptagonal tiling of Klein 's quartic has a total of 56 vertices , not a multiple of 12 , so there 's no great way to think of the vertices as notes .
But , it has 84 = 7 × 12 edges , so maybe the edges are labelled by notes and each note labels 7 edges .
Unlike some groups I mentioned earlier , PSL ( 2,7 ) is not a transitive subgroup of the permutations of a 12 - element set .
And while PSL ( 2,7 ) has lots of 12 - element subgroups , these are not cyclic groups but instead copies of A 4 .
These facts put some further limitations on any crazy ideas you might try .
On the bright side , mathematically if not musically , there is a fascinating way to embed PSL ( 2,7 ) into the Mathieu group M 24 , which can be described by getting M 24 to act on the set of 24 heptagons in the Klein quartic :
22 ) David Richter , How to make the Mathieu group M 24 , http://homepages.wmich.edu/~drichter/mathieu.htm
He works in the Poincaré dual picture , where the Klein quartic is tiled by 56 triangles , but that 's no big deal .
By the way , in " week79 " I explained how PSL ( 2 , F ) acts on the projective line over the field F ; the same thing works for PGL ( 2 , F ) .
I also passed on some interesting facts mentioned by Bertram Kostant , which relate PSL ( 2,5 ) , PSL ( 2,7 ) and PSL ( 2,11 ) to the symmetry groups of the tetrahedron , cube / octahedron and dodecahedron / icosahedron .
Kostant put these together to give a nice description of the buckyball !
Kepler would be pleased .
But , he'd be happier if we could find the music of the spheres lurking in here , too .
Addenda :
This week 's issue provoked more discussion than any in recent history !
You can read a lot on sci.math .
research .
Here are some comments from Dave Rusin , David Corfield , Mike Stay , Dmitri Tymoczko , Cris Moore , Robert Israel , Noam Elkies , Stephen Lavelle , and Steve Lubin .
Dave Rusin explained the logic behind having 12 notes in the chromatic scale .
David Corfield mentioned a book on topos theory in music , and a paper by Noam Elkies on Mathieu groups .
Mike Stay pointed out William Sethares ' work on how the timbre of an instrument affects which scales sound good .
Dmitri Tymoczko had more comments on this issue .
Cris Moore mentioned an interesting microtonal composer named Easley Blackwood .
Robert Israel pointed out an unusual fact about Riemann and Einstein .
Noam Elkies explained what David Lewin was trying to do with PSL ( 2,7 ) in music theory .
And Stephen Lavelle gave some more references on torsors and topoi in music , and said more about the origin of the 12 - note scale .
So , here we go !
Dave Rusin wrote :
You wrote : ... there 's an unavoidable conflict between the desire for simple ratios and the desire for evenly spaced notes , built into the fabric of mathematics and music .
Every tuning system is thus a compromise .
I would like to understand this better ; there 's bound to be a lot of nice number theory here .
Sure there is .
You want to choose a number N of intervals into which to divide the octave , so that there are two tones in the scale that , like C and G , have frequencies very nearly in a 3:2 ratio .
( This also gives a bonus pair like G and the next C up , which are then in a 4:3 ratio . )
But that just means you want 2n / N to be nearly 3/2 , i.e. n/N is a good rational approximation to log 2 ( 3/2 ) .
Use continued fractions or Farey sequences as you like .
You 'll find that a five - note octave is not a bad choice ( roughly giving you just the black keys on a piano , and roughly corresponding to ancient Oriental musical sounds ) but a 12 - note octave is a really good choice .
So it 's not just happenstance that we have a firmly - entrenched system of 12 - notes - per-octave .
I 'm sure you 've seen this " 7 - 12 " magic before , e.g. the circle - of - fifths in music takes you through 7 octaves , or the simple arithmetic that 219 ~ 312 ( i.e. 524288 ~ 531441 ) .
Long ago I programmed an old PC to play a 41 - tone scale because the next continued - fractions approximant calls for such a scale .
Of course you could argue that music consists of more than just ( musical ) fourths and fifths and so the REAL number theory comes about by choosing numbers of tones which allow lots of sets of notes to be in ( or nearly in ) simple Pythagorean harmonies .
How , exactly , you balance the conflicting goals is a matter of personal choice .
What with the musicians in your family and all that , I 'm guessing you probably knew all this already and simply withheld the comments because of space limitations , but just in case , I thought I 'd complete your train of thought for you .
This stuff is pretty classic and it's all over the web .
I get more hits on my web page about this than any of my math pages !
dave
23 ) Dave Rusin , Mathematics and music , http://www.math.niu.edu/~rusin/uses-math/music/
David Corfield wrote :
Hi , Next you need to wade through all 1300 pages of The Topos of Music .
This is " topos " in the category theoretic sense .
Check out the table of contents !
24 ) Guerino Mazzola , The Topos of Music : Geometric Logic of Concepts , Theory and Performance , Birkhauser , Berlin , 2002 .
Preface and contents available at http://www.encyclospace.org/tom/tom_preface_toc.pdf
Guerino Mazzola , homepage , http://www.ifi.unizh.ch/staff/mazzola/mazzola.html
Colin McLarty reviewed it for MathSciNet .
I like the part : Symmetries within scores , and structural relations between scores , drive the mathematics up to sheaves , and very briefly to toposes and Grothendieck topologies .
The author candidly states he is unsure whether this musicological perspective can use topos cohomology ( p. 436 ) .
Did you ever hear about Conway's M 13 ?
25 ) John H. Conway , Noam D. Elkies , Jeremy L. Martin , The Mathieu group M 12 and its pseudogroup extension M 13 , available as math .
GR/0508630 .
I can't remember whether it was this that Alexander Borovik mentioned to me as a sign that the simple sporadic groups are just islands sticking up above the water .
Best , David
My student Mike Stay wrote :
Music really does sound better if the piano is tuned to the particular key , i.e. the Pythagorean intervals .
Start with a frequency for C .
At each step , multiply by 2 ( up an octave ) or by 2/3 ( down a fourth ) .
Go down a fourth unless it will take you out of the octave ; in the latter case , multiply by 2 first .
* 2 C ' * 2/3 G * 2/3 D * 2 D ' * 2/3 A * 2/3 E * 2 E ' * 2/3 B * 2/3 F# * 2/3 C# etc. Classical music was written for a particular key because the keys sounded different !
Using the tuning above induces a " distance " on the keys -- how in tune they are .
Pieces would use the dissonant tunings of other keys for effect .
My friend is an organist and piano tuner ; he says that with the logarithmic tuning all keys sound " equally bad . "
But the timbre of the instrument -- the harmonics and overtones -- apparently have a great deal to do with whether a particular chord is consonant or not .
This is a really cool paper that illustrates how to choose nearly any collection of frequencies as a scale and then come up with a timbre for which it sounds natural and right : 26 ) William Sethares , Relating tuning and timbre , http://eceserv0.ece.wisc.edu/~sethares/consemi.html
Sethares ' home page has a bunch of MP3's on it for people who want to listen : 27 ) William Sethares , MP3 Download Central , http://eceserv0.ece.wisc.edu/~sethares/otherperson/all_mp3s.html
I like " Truth on a Bus " , played in a 19 - note scale .
There are some tracks from the CD mentioned above here : 28 ) William Sethares , Tuning , Timbre , Spectrum , Scale , 2nd edition , Springer Verlag , Berlin , 2004 .
Author 's guide available at http://eceserv0.ece.wisc.edu/~sethares/ttss.html.
Sound examples available at http://eceserv0.ece.wisc.edu/~sethares/html/soundexamples.html
The first several tracks play a tune on a typical 12 - tone instrument .
Then they change its timbre by adjusting the harmonics .
Now if played in 12 divisions of a perfect octave ( twice the frequency ) , it sounds perfectly awful ; but if played in 12 divisions of 2.1 , it sounds " right " again .
Mike Stay
http://math.ucr.edu/~mike
William Sethares ' " Tuning , Timbre , Spectrum , Scale " is the best book about this .
He has a convincing demonstration that " pure ratios " are not in themselves important : what 's important is that the overtones of two simultaneously - sounding notes match .
Since harmonic tones have partials that are integer multiples of the fundamental , you get pure ratios .
However , for inharmonic tones , such as bell - sounds , the overtones are not integer multiples of the lowest tone .
Hence , to get the partials to match you often need to use non-integer ratios .
Sethares ' book comes with a CD demonstrating this .
It has to be heard to be believed .
Cris Moore wrote :
By the way , you should check out the music of Easley Blackwood .
He wrote a series of microtonal etudes , where the number of tones per octave ranges from 13 to 24 .
Some of them ( 17 , I think ) are quite beautiful .
Cris
29 ) John Rahn , Music 575 : Music and Mathematics , November 2004 , syllabus available at http://faculty.washington.edu/jrahn/5752004.htm
Rahn makes some interesting comments on David Lewin 's book Generalized Musical Intervals and Transformations , which defines a concept of " generalized interval system " , or GIS .
As far as I can tell without having read the book , a generalized interval system is a G - torsor for some group G , where quite likely we might wish to restrict G to be abelian or even cyclic .
Thus , concretely , a generalized interval system is a set S of " pitch classes " on which some group G acts , and such that for any two elements s , s ' in S there is a unique g in G with gs = s' .
In this situation we say g is the " difference in pitch " between s and s' .
A subtle feature of G - torsors is that they are isomorphic to G , but not in a canonical way , because they do n't have a god - given " identity element " .
I explain the importance of this in my webpage Torsors made easy .
However , as in physics and mathematics , some people in music theory seem willing to ignore this subtlety and identity any G - torsor with G .
Rahn has the following comments on Lewin 's book .
I find them interesting because it shows music theorists grappling with ideas like category theory .
There are some problems in the formal ideas in this book , and extensions to them : GIS : Oren Kolman has recently shown ( Kolman 2003 ) that every GIS can be rewritten as a group , so that all group theory applies directly ( " transfers " ) to GIS .
Among other things , this points up a possible flaw in the definition of GIS ; a more intuitive definition would restrict a group of intervals to some cyclic group of one generator ( my assertion ) .
( See Kolman 2003 . )
Definitions in Ch 9 : There is a problem here which prevents having more than one arrow - label between any two nodes .
Lewin defines an arrow in his node - arrow def ( p. 193 ) as an ordered pair of points , then maps ARROW into SGP , so each ordered pair of nodes has exactly one transformation in the semigroup that labels the arrow ( one arrow ) .
This probably originates in Lewin 's work with groups of intervals , which are constrained to work this way .
Of course in most groups , such as D 24 , you need multiple arrows .
There are various alternatives which would work for networks with multiple arrow ( - labels ) for a given ordered pair of nodes .
Multiple arrows ( or labels on an arrow , depending on the definitional system ) in digraphs are standard , and it is hard to see what is accomplished by not allowing more than one relationship between any two nodes in the model .
You also need multiple arrows for groups applied to graphs , category theory , etc .
With this change , a Lewin network is formally a commutative diagram in some musical category - a directed graph with arrows labeled in a monoid , such that the composition of paths in the underlying category is associative and so on ( definition of category and of commutative diagram . )
Lewin says the labels are in a semigroup but his definition of node - arrow system makes every graph reflexive , providing the identities that augment a semigroup to a monoid .
So it is possible to use category theory to explore Lewin networks , much as GIS turned out to be groups : group theory transfers into GIS theory , and category theory transfers into Lewin network theory .
I made this connection in my paper , " The Swerve and the Flow : Music 's Relation to Mathematics , " delivered at IRCAM in October 2003 and subsequently published in PNM 42/1 ; I think I was the first to say this .
I expanded on this idea in a talk at the ICMC , Miami , Nov 2 2004 , called " Musical Acts " ; in this talk I expanded into the relation of Lewin nets to the fundamental group of a topological space , and to homotopy classes , and adding category theory as a solution to part of a set of criteria for a general music theory .
Later in this seminar I 'll give a talk about all this .
30 ) Ken Gewertz , Composer , music theorist David Lewin dies at 69 , Harvard University Gazette , http://www.news.harvard.edu/gazette/2003/05.15/13-lewinobit.html
Robert Israel pointed out an interesting connection between Einstein and Riemann :
John Baez wrote : When Tom first mentioned " neo-Riemannian theory " , I thought this was some bizarre application of differential geometry to music .
But no - we 're not talking about the 19th - century mathematician Bernhard Riemann , we 're talking about the 19th - century music theorist Hugo Riemann !
Interestingly , both Bernhard Riemann and Hugo Riemann had a connection with Einstein .
But in Hugo 's case , it was not Albert but his cousin Alfred , the musicologist , who edited Hugo Riemann 's " Musik Lexicon " Robert Israel
Department of Mathematics
University of British Columbia
John Baez wrote : Today I 'd like to talk about the math of music - including torsors , orbifolds , and maybe even Mathieu groups . [...]
Lots of interesting points there ( though curiously none about Fourier analysis , which seem to be a natural connection in the context of mathematical physics ) .
For now I 'll just address Mathieu groups and the like .
First , though , a trivial etymological point : [...] in the Middle Ages , music was part of a " quadrivium " of mathematical arts : arithmetic , geometry , music , and astronomy .
These were studied after the " trivium " of grammar , rhetoric and logic .
This is why mathematicians scorn a result as " trivial " when it 's easy to see using straightforward logic .
When a result seems more profound , they should call it " quadrivial " !
Try saying it sometime : " Cool !
That 's quadrivial ! "
It might catch on .
I hope not ; while the usual sense " commonplace , ordinary , unimportant " of " trivial " does come from a Latin word " trivium " , it 's not the academic trivium but a fork in the road -- the meeting of " tres viae " , three ways .
Apparently it was common for people to make gossip and other trivial small talk at these three - way crossings .
See for instance http://www.m-w.com/dictionary/trivial, which to its credit includes also the technical meaning 2b : relating to or being the mathematically simplest case ; specifically : characterized by having all variables equal to zero -- it would surely be too much to ask a general dictionary to mention identity elements or maps involving an arbitrary group .
To its discredit , the same dictionary glosses " trivium " as " crossroads " , which should of course be where at least four ways meet , that is , a quadrivium !
In fact the www.m-w.com entry for " quadrivium " also glosses that Latin word as " crossroads " ...
[ Given the TWFiMP context , perhaps this is the place to digress further and suggest that a Feynman diagram is a network of trivialities , in the original meaning of " 3 - way meetings " :-) ]
Back to groups and music : I 'd like to conclude tonight 's performance with a " chromatic fantasy " - some wild ideas that you should n't take too seriously , at least as far as music theory goes .
In this rousing finale , I 'll list some famous subgroups of the permutations of a 12 - element set .
They may not be relevant to music , but I can't resist mentioning them and hoping somebody dreams up an application .
[...]
* The Mathieu group M 12 .
This is a quintuply transitive group of permutations of a 12 - element set - and sharply so ! [...]
These groups all arise as symmetries of certain discrete geometries called Steiner systems .
An " S ( L , M, N ) Steiner system " is a set of N " points " together with a collection of " lines " , such that each line contains M points , and any set of L points lies on a unique line .
The symmetry group of a Steiner system consists of all permutations of the set of points that map lines to lines .
It turns out that : * There is a unique S ( 5,6,12 ) Steiner system , and the Mathieu group M 12 is its symmetry group .
The stabilizer group of any point is isomorphic to M 11 . [...]
So , the group M 12 could be related to music if there were a musically interesting way of taking the chromatic scale and choosing 6 - note chords such that any 5 notes lie in a unique chord .
I can't imagine such a way - most of these chords would need to be wretchedly dissonant .
This from the man who finds Schoenberg 's music so beautiful ?...
( Actually not all of Schoenberg 's music is 12 - tone , and some of it is not even atonal ; perhaps you had heard only his tonal music and / or early explorations outside tonality such as the Op.19 piano pieces . )
Another way to put the problem is that such a big group of permutations would impose more symmetry on the set of chords than I can imagine my ears hearing .
Curiously the real problem here is that M 12 , big as it is , is missing an important kind of symmetry : a 12 - cycle .
While one would n't need all the symmetries of the Steiner system to be evident in the music , it would be nice for any transposition of any Steiner chord to be again a Steiner chord .
But , since M 12 is a simple group , it contains only even permutations , whereas a 12 - cycle is odd .
It follows that M 12 does not contain the triply - transitive group PGL 2 ( Z/11Z ) -- though it does contain the index - 2 subgroup PSL 2 ( Z/ 11Z ) , in two different ways that are switched by an outer automorphism of M 12 !
While M 12 does not contain any 12 - cycles , it does contain double 6 - cycles .
We can choose one of them ( does n't matter which , because they 're all conjugate in M 12 ) , and then choose an action of M 12 on Z / 12 Z that makes our double 6 - cycle act by translation by 2 .
This gives a Steiner ( 5,6,12 ) system on Z / 12 Z that 's invariant under all even translations .
Now there are Binom ( 12,5 ) / Binom ( 6,5 ) = 132 hexads in the system , in 66 complementary pairs , and it turns out that none of the hexads is taken to itself or its complement by a nontrivial element of M 12 .
So , under the standard identification of Z/ 12Z with the chromatic pitch classes , we get 11 six - note chords that , together with their whole - tone transpositions and complements of whole - tone transpositions ( all different ) , form a ( 5,6,12 ) Steiner system and thus contain every 5 - note chord in just one way .
One problem with this is that our musical training does not prepare us to distinguish whole - tone transpositions from non -whole - tone transpositions .
So , let 's form a double Steiner system by allowing arbitrary transpositions .
This ruins most of the M 12 symmetry ( most of which was n't audible anyway ) , but gives us symmetry under the full group of musical transpositions , inversion , and complements .
It so happens that this group still acts freely , so we get 11 six - note chords that , together with their transpositions and complements of transpositions , contain every 5 - note chord in exactly two ways .
Back in 1991 I figured out what these 11 chords are .
Written as subsets of Z / 12Z rather than of { C , C# , D , ...} , they are : { 0,1,2,3,4,6} , {0,1,2,3,5,7} , {0,1,2,3,6,7} , {0,1,2,4,5,8} , {0,1,3,4,6,9} , {0,1,3,5,7,9} , {0,1,2,4,5,9} , {0,1,2,4,7,8} , {0,1,2,5,6,8} , {0,1,2,4,7,9} , {0,1,3,5,6,8} .
Each five - note chord can be regarded as a link between two of these chords ( not necessarily different ones ; for instance , the two completions of a symmetrical chord such as { 0,1,2,3,4} must be each others inversion , here { 0,1,2,3,4,6} and { - 2,0,1,2,3,4} ) .
The resulting graph is here , with some cryptic labeling to indicate things like whether one of the chords linked by an edge must be inverted to get a 5 - note overlap : http://www.math.harvard.edu/~elkies/m12.pdf
It would be fun to dream up more relations between incidence geometry and music theory .
Could Klein 's quartic curve play a role ? [...]
Its orientation - preserving symmetries form the group PSL ( 2,7 ) , which consists of all 2x2 matrices with determinant 1 having entries in Z /7 , modulo scalars .
This group has 24 x 7 = 168 elements .
Since there are 7 notes in a major or minor scale , and 24 of these scales , it 's hard to resist wanting to think of each heptagon as a scale !
Indeed , after I mentioned this idea to Dmitri Tymoczko , he said that David Lewin and Bob Peck have written about related topics .
Right .
In fact this group , call it G168 , also has a doubly - transitive action on 7 objects , which includes a 7 - cycle and thus gives a natural way for this group to act on a 7 - note diatonic scale .
David Lewin noted this possibility in one of his last papers .
The key ( no pun intended ) is that this group G168 is also isomorphic with the invertible 3×3 matrices over Z / 2Z -- one of those remarkable isomorphisms between small matrix groups .
So , G168 permutes the 23 - 1 = 7 nonzero vectors in a 3 - dimensional vector space V over Z/2Z .
The existence of a 7 - cycle is automatic because 7 is prime , though it is true in general that for any finite field k and any positive integer n the group of n×n matrices over k contains elements that cyclically permute the nonzero vectors of kn .
The reason is that k has a degree - n extension k' ; any finite field has cyclic unit group , and multiplication by a generator is a cyclic permutation of the nonzero elements that acts linearly over k' , so a fortiori over k!
But back to G168 .
This group also permutes the 7 codimension - 1 subspaces ( planes ) of V , each of which contains three nonzero vectors .
Any two distinct nonzero vectors are contained in a unique such plane , so we get a ( 2,3,7 ) Steiner system , a.k.a. projective plane of order 2 , whose group of symmetries is G168 .
If we use a 7 - cycle to identify the nonzero vectors of V with a diatonic scale , then the Steiner system gives us a distinguished collection of 7 three - note chords , which form a single orbit under translation ( or " diatonic transposition " in music - theory lingo ) .
It is well - known that these can be chosen to be either {n , n+1,n+3} or {n , n- 1,n - 3} .
Using the first one yields the chords { CDF} , { DEG} , {EFA} , { FGB} , { GAC} , { ABD} , { BCE} , and either this or its inversions is what David Lewin suggested using .
Unlike some groups I mentioned earlier , PSL ( 2,7 ) is not a subgroup of the permutations of a 12 - element set .
Not a transitive subgroup , you mean .
Since the group acts on 7 objects , it can certainly act on 12 while keeping five of them unmoved .
That 's basically what we did above , with the five untouched objects being the " black keys " C# , D# , F# , G# , A# .
Or , use the action on the 8 points of the projective line over Z/7Z and leave four of the 12 untouched .
-- Noam D. Elkies P.S. ( If I were n't so darn honest , I 'd add that Liszt wrote the " Transcendental Etudes " as a sequel to his popular " Algebraic Etudes " , and explain how Mozart 's " eine kleine Nachtmusik " tours a tone net shaped like a Klein bottle .
But alas ....)
Ha .
Here 's another kind of transcendental etude : http://math.harvard.edu/~elkies/stego.pdf which sounds like this :
http://math.harvard.edu/~elkies/stego.mid
( an automatic realization that has all the notes but makes no attempt at interpretations ) .
I premiered the piece here last year on March 14 ; for more hints see http://math.harvard.edu/~elkies/stego.hints :-)
CD = F , DE = G , EF = A , FG = B , GA = C , AB = D , BC = E
along with knowing they anticommute and square to - 1 .
Unfortunately , these chords do n't seem particularly fundamental to music !
Alas , if only they were triads ....
Here are some more nice references and comments from Stephen Lavelle :
I may have been the first to say torsor , but there 's a lot of stuff in existence about group actions as they apply to music theory .
In particular , Fripertinger 's page here : 31 ) Harald Fripertinger , Mathematical music theory , http://www.uni-graz.at/~fripert/index_11.html has a lot of pretty damned useful articles .
There 're also some pretty cool , and possibly musical , applications of proper Topos Theory to music by Mazzola 's school - see , for instance : 32 ) Thomas Noll ,
The topos of triads , available at http://www.cs.tu-berlin.de/~noll/ToposOfTriads.pdf
John Baez wrote : Apparently Riemann 's ideas have caught on in a big way .
Monzo says that " use of lattices is endemic on internet tuning lists " , as if they were some sort of infectious disease .
Dysart seems more gung - ho about it all .
The " donuts " he mentions arise when you curl up tone nets by identifying notes that differ by an octave .
He has some nice pictures of them !
More general " nets " , which look quite like commutative diagrams , are put into use by Lewin .
Actually , they are commutative diagrams , and one can conceptually quite reasonably formulate a category of musically meaningful limits - see : 33 ) Guerino Mazzola and Moreno Andreatta , From a categorical point of view : K - nets as limit denotators , available at recherche.ircam.fr/equipes/repmus/mamux/documents/mazzola-andreatta.pdf
In neo -Riemannian theory , people like Lewin and Hyer started extending Riemann 's ideas by using group theory to systematize operations on chords .
The best easy introduction to this is Fiore 's paper " Music and mathematics " .
Here you can read about math lurking in the music of Elvis and the Beatles !
Or , if you 're more of a highbrow sort , see what he has to say about Hindemith and Liszt 's " Transcendental Etudes " .
And if you like doughnuts and music , you 'll love the section where he explains how Beethoven 's Ninth traces out a systematic path in a torus - shaped tone net !
This amazing fact was discovered by Cohn , Douthett , and Steinbach .
Mazzola has a nice argument as well ( in his book " The Topos of Music " ) , where he shows an inconsistency in Riemann 's logic of harmonic functions by showing that his construction would allow one to fix an orientation on a Moebius strip : ) ( if you take the seven notes in the major scale , and connect any three points with a triangle when they form a major , minor , or diminished chord , you get a Moebius strip - this was first come up with by Schoenberg ) .
( If I were n't so darn honest , I 'd add that Liszt wrote the " Transcendental Etudes " as a sequel to his popular " Algebraic Etudes " , and explain how Mozart 's " eine kleine Nachtmusik " tours a tone net shaped like a Klein bottle .
But alas ....)
Encore !
Encore !
C , C# , D , D# , E , F , F# , G , G# , A , A# , B until you 're back to C .
If you 're a mathematician , you might be happier to call these notes 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 and say that we 're working in the group of integers mod 12 , otherwise known as Z/12 .
Let 's be mathematicians today .
Here 's a question for you , that you might want to know the answer to : Historically , why are there twelve notes in the scale ?
And why are seven white and five black ?
The answer is that one that ties in lots of stuff about continued fractions , but goes along these lines : one is looking at the octave , and divides it up by looking at the first n fifths ( in our scale c , g , d , a, e , b , ... ) - this divides up the scale .
Pythagoras et al. thought that one should try to keep the variety of intervals between consecutive notes as small as possible - in the end , deciding that the fewer different intervals present the better .
Scales generated by fifths that have only two intervals present between side - by - side notes are called Pythagorean .
None have just one interval , and the first three Pythagorean scales have 5,7 , and 12 notes .
12 was thought pretty much enough , I 'm guessing , and it can have nicely embedded into it the two smaller scales ( as white and black notes ) .
I should have a reference for the original article where I read this ( some Irish maths society bulletin I think ) , but I 've said enough that the material should be findable online .
Ah yes , here it is : 34 ) Maria Jose Garmendia Rodriguez and Juan Antonio Navarro Gonzalez , Musical scales , IMS Bulletin 35 ( Christmas 1995 ) , 24 . for all the good it 'll do you .
Dear John , I just came across your charming page on the web about donuts and music and related matters , and I 'd like to contribute a bit of info .
Your statement :
And if you like doughnuts and music , you 'll love the section where he [ Fiore ] explains how Beethoven 's Ninth traces out a systematic path in a torus - shaped tone net !
This amazing fact was discovered by Cohn , Douthett , and Steinbach .
is n't quite accurate ; or at least , does n't do justice to priority of discovery .
In 1974 I wrote a dissertation in musicology at NYU entitled Techniques for the Analysis of Development in Middle - Period Beethoven , in which I laid out four ideas :
The 18th - century European composers behaved as though they inhabited a communally shared abstract tonal space that existed independently of individual works and served as a substrate for them .
This space evolved in the course of the century , with respect to its internal features and the ways in which it encouraged or discouraged composers ' choices in navigating through it .
A suitable graphic representation of this space could be used as a map for describing composers ' itineraries in particular pieces ; and these intineraries in themselves constitute an important contribution to the effect and beauty of their works ( in coordination with other factors : rhythmic , textural , and so on ) .
The tonal space inhabited by the late - 18th - century composers had the form of a torus , for reasons arising from the internal geometry of the key - relationships they favored .
Recently I 've been gratified to discover that some neo-Riemannian theorists have been acknowledging my contribution in their publications : e.g. , Cohn , Lerdahl and Gollin .
I wonder what Bernhard Riemann might have thought of this !
My understanding of what his namesake Otto did is as follows :
Otto described two - dimensional tone nets that extended out indefinitely in all directions like wallpaper - in this I believe he followed out earlier work of Gottfried Weber .
The initial insight of taking the patterns on this flat surface and giving them closure by covering a torus with them was mine -- I 'm not aware of any prior precedents .
BTW , I'm a physics groupie , always starved for laypersons ' accounts of the latest stuff .
( The collapse of Scientific American as a classy journal was a catastrophe for me . )
I 've decided to set aside the rest of August for reading your diaries .
Thanks and best ,
Steve
http://www.stevenlubin.com/
© 2006 John Baez
baez@math.removethis.ucr.andthis.edu
Two public employee unions on Monday sued Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to block his effort to furlough state workers in a cost - cutting measure as California ’s treasury runs out of money .
Last week , Schwarzenegger issued an executive order to require that all state employees take two unpaid days off each month starting in February .
The governor said the measure is needed to conserve cash , with the state budget gap estimated to reach $ 42 billion a year and a half from now .
The lawsuit , filed in Sacramento County Superior Court , asserts that only the Legislature can alter the pay of workers who have labor contracts with the state .
It asks the courts to issue a temporary stay to stop Schwarzenegger ’s efforts , which could affect 230,000 workers .
“ We do n’t think he has the authority , ” said Bruce Blanning , executive director of Professional Engineers in California Government .
Advertisement
The union , which represents 13,000 engineers , surveyors and others working for the state , filed the lawsuit along with the California Assn. of Professional Scientists .
The governor has “ asked for a couple of months to try to convince the Legislature to pass a bill to allow him to furlough employees , ” Blanning said .
Democrats declined to include such a provision in the budget plan they passed Thursday .
Schwarzenegger cited the lack of such authority as one reason he planned to veto the measure .
Lynelle Jolley , a spokeswoman for the administration , said the law gives the governor extra authority to alter working conditions during emergencies .
Schwarzenegger last month declared a fiscal emergency but had hoped to get the support of legislators for the furloughs , she said .
Advertisement
“ We had the legal authority then , but . . . did n’t think it necessary to exercise it , ” she said , explaining that the fiscal situation has since grown more dire .
Schwarzenegger attempted a few months ago to unilaterally reduce the pay of state employees , but his order never took effect .
State Controller John Chiang said the state ’s payroll system was incapable of carrying it out .
The matter eventually stalled in court .
The governor and Democratic leaders of the Senate and Assembly are scheduled to meet today in an attempt to resolve their differences .
They negotiated over the weekend , and the governor said he hopes to strike a deal , possibly before Christmas .
Schwarzenegger has indicated he is willing to approve the increased gas , income and sales taxes the Democrats have proposed .
But he is also demanding changes to California ’s environmental and labor rules to give businesses more power over their employees ’ hours and to allow private contractors to take a larger role in public construction projects .
Advertisement
Chiang underscored the state ’s dire financial circumstances in a letter sent today to Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders that warned the state has fewer than 70 days before it runs out of cash .
“ Without action by the Legislature and the governor , we literally are weeks away from a meltdown of state government that threatens the delivery of critical public services our citizens deserve and expect , ” Chiang wrote .
At a news conference in Los Angeles on Monday morning , Schwarzenegger deplored the absence of a state budget and defended the furloughs as a last resort .
“ I hate to lay off any state employees , may I remind you , because those are hardworking people and they all have to provide for their families , ” he said .
“ But we are running out of cash by February , so I have no other choice .
California is on a track to a disaster the way it ’s going . ”
Advertisement
--
jordan.rau@latimes.com
Times staff writer Nathan Olivarez - Giles contributed to this report .
( CNN ) -- Poor Hormel and its signature canned , processed , porcine - derived product , SPAM .
First came Monty Python mockery and now , the dubious honor of becoming a household name for unsolicited junk email .
A self - admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network .
While Hormel eventually came to embrace SPAM 's association with Monty Python and the musical " Spamalot , " the company can hardly be blamed for its less - than - thrilled stance on the whole email thing ( though , interestingly enough , the two associations are related ) .
Call it what you will , spam ( sorry , Hormel ) is a scourge that eventually plagues anyone with an email account , no matter how careful that account owner may be .
If you 're reading this , chances are you 've dealt with it on some level .
Whether you 're a corner office executive with an overflowing daily inbox of the stuff or a frugal pensioner wondering why you 're getting the occasional invitation to try medicines that your doctor 's had no hand in prescribing for conditions you do n't find particularly troubling , I 'm willing to bet you 're sick of it .
I 'm also willing to bet that you 've probably felt powerless against this modern affliction and wondered why someone , somewhere , could n't do anything about it -- I know I have .
It 's not like it 's not illegal to send unsolicited junk email in bulk .
In 2003 , Congress passed the CAN - SPAM ( Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing ) Act .
Do n't Miss Watch Chris Pirillo on CNN.com Live
Watch Chris Pirillo on CNN.com Live www.ChrisPirillo.com
In writing , the law looks pretty clear and all - defining , but spammers find loopholes or just ignore it completely in hopes they 'll be lost in the crowd and never actually prosecuted for their wrongdoings .
In most cases , unfortunately , the scofflaws come out ahead .
But then , every once in a while , something happens that gives us hope that law enforcement might actually get a grip on this problem -- hope that we might see the end of spam in our lifetime .
Ah , so close .
But no .
For all of the " spam kings " ( and spam kingdoms ) that get sent to the dungeon ( and , on occasion , escape for even greater villainy to further confirm , yes , we 're dealing with horrible people ) , there are many , many more poised to take their place .
While locking up such soulless gobs of filth ( no offense intended to actual filth ) and throwing away the key feels right and good , how effective is it in deterring others who would follow in their footsteps ?
If spam were simply a matter of mere annoyance , maybe our righteous indignation over inbox invasion would seem humorously overblown .
Society 's full of bothersome distractions and peace disturbances that make us shake our fists at the air in anger : car alarms that go off in the middle of the night , low - flying commercial airliners that shake pictures off of the walls , and telemarketers ( oh , there are laws ?
Could 've fooled me ) to name a few .
But spam has evolved from a pesky garden slug ruining the petunias into a man-sized , bloodsucking mosquito capable of soaking up countless identities and leaving lives devastated in its wake .
It can be used to fish ( or , as it 's become known , ' phish ' -- which probably annoys jam - band - loving hippies to the degree that the appropriation of the word ' spam ' annoys Hormel ) for personal information in the guise of legitimate agents that might have a need to ask for such information : banks , the IRS , Nigerian nobility in exile ... whatever .
Sure , you might be savvy enough to avoid the more obvious attempts that land in your inbox and try to coax this sort of information from you , but could you say the same of everyone you know ?
Mom ?
Grandpa ?
Your kid's first - grade teacher ?
It 's not hard to imagine even those well - schooled in the ways of the world being taken in by scams that are new -- to them , at least .
So what to do ?
Legislation does n't seem to be doing the trick .
Law enforcement 's hands are often tied ( or lopped off at the wrist ) .
The fight goes on and will go on , so be sure to keep your gloves at the ready .
Inform yourself ; inform others .
Have a system in place to protect you from spam and its covert cooties .
I use mail server - side filtering in combination with local filtering in my desktop email client .
Some people funnel their email through Gmail 's spam filters and swear by it .
What do you use ?
If you say " nothing , " then you may as well be walking around with a big bull 's - eye on your forehead for all the scammers , shysters , scallywags , and spammers of the world to aim for .
Really , though , if we can't count on ourselves to defend ourselves , here 's hoping that Hormel can dream up some way to get us out of this spam jam .
PUT YOUR CLOTHES ON : Guy Ritchie says his ex-wife ’s raunchy photo shoots are embarrassing their children .
Guy Ritchie has reportedly told his ex-wife Madonna that her raunchy photo shoots are embarrassing their children .
Pictures published this week from W magazine show the 50 - year - old singer in a series of intimate poses with model Jesus Luz but her estranged husband believes she should stop posing provocatively for the sake of the three kids they raise together .
A source said : “ Guy was shocked by Madonna ’s recent half - naked photos .
He told her it could embarrass the kids at school .
Then he joked that she should be over that sort of thing now .
“ Madonna had a total meltdown about it – not only because she ’s strict on what kind of media and external influences the children should be exposed to but because she hates Guy commenting on what she does as an artist . ”
Guy is also said to be unhappy with Madonna ’s strict rules which ban their children from watching TV .
The 40 - year - old filmmaker believes Lourdes , 12 , Rocco , eight and three - year - old David need to be better prepared for life in the “ real world ” .
The source added to Closer magazine : “ Guy ’s worried the kids wo n’t be prepared for the real world if they grow up under strict control – he does n’t want them to live in a bubble .
“ He ’s told Madonna that when the kids go over to other people ’s houses they should be allowed more freedom .
“ He says if he knows what the kids are watching on TV he can at least help them understand and discuss what they see . ”
( Fortune Small Business ) --
All through the summer I thought maybe I was dodging a bullet .
There was talk of recession , but my Chicago picture - framing and home - furnishings businesses - 120 employees , about $ 15 million in revenue - were doing fine .
Then the stock market crashed , and my dashboard software showed sales taking a hit .
Unlike in previous recessions , I did n't scratch my head and wonder what to do .
I immediately started cutting expenses and staffing .
The first time I went through a recession , in the ' 80s , I did n't know what to expect .
Obviously business slowed , but I was n't sure how to react because the changes were subtle at first .
Everything looked and felt the same .
If you 're in manufacturing , your employees do n't come to you and say , " Hey , boss , I 'm going to be done around three o'clock .
Should I go home early ? "
They stretch the work out .
The activity is unchanged - until you run the numbers at the end of the month .
If your revenue is off about 10 % , that might not sound so bad .
But because of fixed costs such as rent , that 10 % decline can easily wipe out 100 % of your profit .
The big surprise comes if you do n't make changes .
In my case , most of my fixed costs were fixed , but I could have cut payroll .
I did n't , and I paid dearly .
There 's an old saying , " Smooth seas make a poor sailor . "
Once you 've weathered a few economic storms , you learn how to adapt .
Here are some suggestions that might help you .
I recently asked one vendor for a discount if I paid on delivery instead of the standard 30 days later .
The salesperson was skeptical but called back after five minutes offering 10 % .
That 's a huge savings .
It turned out this particular vendor had 30 accounts that were more than 90 days overdue .
The lesson ?
Opportunities present themselves during recessions .
Not long ago I bought a machine that shreds discarded cardboard for use as packing material .
It 's saving me $ 10,000 a year ( while producing less landfill ) .
But here 's the thing :
You should always be looking for savings and efficiencies - not just when times are tough but even when you 're growing .
Growth can mask problems .
Are you on top of purchasing ?
Shopping around aggressively ?
Adopting new technologies that can help your business run more efficiently ?
Spending your marketing dollars wisely ?
I 've also saved by cutting back on Yellow Pages advertising in recent years - I think new media offers a better return .
But do n't be tempted to gut your advertising .
Companies that continue to advertise come out ahead after a recession , according to studies by McGraw - Hill Research .
And that makes sense :
If your competitors are in retreat , you can build your market presence .
Instead of cutting advertising when my sales fell last fall , I checked inventories .
I realized that I needed to put my home furnishings on sale faster .
I used to wait at least six months before discounting a product .
Now if something does n't sell , it usually goes on sale in four .
That 's another lesson I learned the hard way :
You can survive decreased profits if you have cash flow , but the converse is not true - if cash flow takes a dive , you 're in trouble .
That will happen if you let your receivables or your inventories get out of control , which is surprisingly easy .
That 's because most small businesses are driven by sales .
In good times , you never want to lose a sale by not extending credit or by running out of an item .
But if you 're not vigilant when sales slow , that mentality can fill your warehouse and empty your checking account .
That concern recently drove me to the managers of my framing facility , who reported that they 'd just cut employee hours across the board .
I told them to consider laying off someone instead .
Cutting everyone 's hours might sound fair and reasonable , but it can do more harm than good .
What happens is that everybody suffers , and eventually somebody quits .
Too often it 's the best person in the department who walks .
I 'd rather be in control of who stays and who goes .
That 's part of being a leader , which is what your employees want and need .
Times may be tough right now , but they will get better .
In the meantime , do n't make the mistake I made in my first recession .
Take action .
You have more power than you might think .
Jay Goltz employs 120 people at Artists Frame Service , Chicago Art Source and Jayson Home & Garden , all based in Chicago .
He is the author of The Street - Smart Entrepreneur ( Addicus Books ) .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Bloggers are calling for a complete boycott of the state of Utah over the Mormon Church ’s support for Proposition 8 .
According to some reports prior to the election , the Mormon Church directly , or via its members contributed to 40 % of the yes campaign ’s budget , and the church encouraged members to flood into California to spread the Yes case .
Utah is the headquarters for the Mormon Church and around two thirds of the state belong to the church .
Utah ’s tourism industry delivers $ 6 billion to the local economy , through ski fields , “ red rock country ” and the Sundance Film Festival .
The Church is naturally playing the hate card , saying that it is “ disturbing ” that the church is being singled out for exercising its right to speak up in a free election , and that “ it is wrong to target the Church and its sacred places of worship for being part of the democratic process . ”
A Church spokesman went on to say that “ no one on any side of the question should be vilified , intimidated , harassed or subject to erroneous information . ”
See more details at Mormon ’s stole our rights .
( img credit )
One way of estimating expected NGLs is as a ratio to natural gas production , representing the wetness or dryness of gas .
One would expect this ratio to decline over time , based on what normally has been observed from fields , areas and regions with good quality data .
Instead , the IEA is forecasting that this ratio will increase in the future .
In this post , I will document that there is good reason to believe that the IEA WEO 2008 projections in the reference scenario overshoots the likely world production of NGLs by as much as 35 - 50 % by 2030 .
One can see from IEA 's chart of World Oil Production by Source that the growth of natural gas liquids , or NGLs , is being depended on as a significant contributor to total world oil production :
Output of natural gas liquids — light hydrocarbons that exist in liquid form underground and that are produced together with natural gas and recovered in separation facilities or processing plants — is expected to grow rapidly over the Outlook period .
Global NGL production is projected to almost double , from 10.5 mb/d in 2007 to just under 20 mb/d in 2030 .
INTRODUCTION
In the oil and gas industry , there is a broadly used parameter that expresses the “ dryness / leanness ” or “ richness / wetness ” of natural gas .
In this post , I document that this parameter is expected to change to dryness / leanness over time , based on an extensive analysis of actual data on fields , areas and regions .
I also show that the IEA WEO 2008 forecast to 2030 implies the opposite result -- namely that the shift will be toward richness / wetness .
The parameter measures volumetric NGL ’s content per volumetric unit Nat Gas produced , in this post expressed as barrels per standard cubic meter ( Bbl / Scm ) .
While projections on Non OPEC NGL production has literally remained unchanged from WEO 2006 to WEO 2008 , OPEC production has been projected to grow an additional 4 Mb/d ( an increase of close to 50 % ) by 2030 .
Normally the fields that are “ richest / wettest ” ( that is requiring least Nat Gas to yield a barrel of NGL ) are developed first from a portfolio within a region , inasmuch as these also normally give the highest return on investment .
NGLs , depending on their composition , have a volumetric energy content that is 70 - 75 % of crude oil .
The reason why the Nat Gas projections from WEO ’s are shown is because NGLs are produced from Nat Gas .
Thus , Nat Gas production and NGL production are strongly connected .
NGLs , as defined by IEA , are exempt from the OPEC quota system .
This is IEA 's definition of NGLs , from page 544 of ANNEXES of WEO 2008 :
Natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) are the liquid or liquefied hydrocarbons produced in the manufacture , purification and stabilization of natural gas .
These are those portions of natural gas which are recovered as liquids in separators , field facilities or gas processing plants .
NGLs include , but are not limited to , ethane , propane , butane , pentane , natural gasoline and condensates .
Regarding natural gas liquids ( NGLs ) , the IEA says the following ( Chapter 11 , p. 261 ) :
Output of natural gas liquids – light hydrocarbons that exist in liquid form underground and that are produced together with natural gas and recovered in separation facilities or processing plants – is expected to grow rapidly over the Outlook period .
Global NGL production is projected to almost double , from 10.5 mb /d to just under 20 mb/d in 2030 .
This increase is driven by the steady rise in natural gas output ( see Chapter 12 ) .
The bulk of the increase comes from OPEC countries , where gas production ( to supply local markets and new LNG projects ) is projected to expand quickest .
OPEC NGL production almost triples , from 4.7 mb/d in 2007 to over 13 mb/d in 2030 .
The Middle East accounts for four - fifths of this increase .
Non-OPEC NGL production increases by about 1 mb/d , to close to 7 mb/d in 2030 ( Figure 11.11 ) .
These projections assume that the average NGL content of gas production is constant over the projection period .
Figure 3 , below , shows what happens when we compare the IEA 's projections of NGLs ( from Figure 01 ) with their projections of Nat Gas ( from Figure 02 ) .
Figure 3 indicates that the world average Nat Gas “ richness / wetness ” based on IEA WEO 2008 is expected to grow by approximately an additional 30 % relative to IEA WEO 2006 , in the years to 2030 .
The diagram also shows the development in the World ’s NGLs ( exclusive of Condensates ) to Nat Gas ratio based upon data from the US Energy Information Administration 's International Petroleum Monthly and British Petroleum 's ( BP ) Statistical Review 2008 .
( Since this data is exclusive of condensates , it is on a slightly different basis than the IEA 's forecast . )
This ratio showed moderate growth until the mid 90s , but has remained flat in recent years .
WHAT HISTORICAL DATA SHOWS
In this section , I document how NGL / Nat Gas ratios have changed over time for areas and regions .
I also provide a more detailed look at NGLs production in OPEC and what might reasonably be expected based on information in the public domain about current developments .
THE SLEIPNER AREA ( Norway )
The Sleipner area consists of the following producing fields : Sleipner East and West , Gungne and Loke .
The Sleipner area consists of several fields that are classified as Nat Gas / Condensate fields .
Sleipner East started to flow in 1993 followed by Sleipner West in 1996 .
To increase liquid ( NGLs and Condensates ) recovery from the fields , some of the Nat Gas is recirculated .
This technique is also applied on other Nat Gas / Condensate fields .
Figure 05 below illustrates that the NGLs production is now declining faster than Nat Gas production .
Note how the NGL / Nat Gas ratio has declined with time .
In other words , production has become dryer , or leaner , over time .
NPD data at year end 2007 gives the Sleipner area a Reserves divided by Production ratio or R/P of 4,0 for natural gas , and of 1,3 for NGLs .
The low R/P ratio for Nat Gas suggests that Nat Gas production from the Sleipner area soon will enter into a steep decline .
Inasmuch as the R/P ratio for Nat Gas is higher than the R/P ratio for NGLs , this suggests that the Nat Gas will become increasingly drier , i.e. yield less NGLs from each volumetric unit of Nat Gas produced .
Another way to put it is that NGL production will fall more steeply than Nat Gas production in the future .
THE NGL STORY FROM NORWEGIAN CONTINENTAL SHELF ( NCS )
Figure 6 illustrates that the NGLs production in NCS declines faster than the Nat Gas production , which is projected to grow in the years ahead .
Figure 07 illustrates how the NGL / Nat Gas ratios increased as more fields were brought on stream , until it “ peaked ” in 1995 and has been in general decline since .
This ratio may wobble around a little as more fields starts to flow , but the general trend with time is towards “ dryer ” / ” leaner ” Nat Gas .
For NCS , this ratio rebounded again as the Åsgard and other fields in the Halten area were brought on stream earlier this decade .
What future development can be expected of the NGL / Nat Gas ratio for NCS ?
NPD data on estimated remaining recoverable reserves from producing and sanctioned fields on NCS at end 2007 results in the following R/P numbers for NGLs and nat gas ;
NGLs ; R/P = 14,3
Nat Gas ; R/ P = 25,7
NGLs are produced mainly from fields classified as Nat Gas and Nat Gas / condensate fields , thus the above R/P numbers suggests that the NGL to Nat Gas ratio will decrease with time for NCS , i.e. the Nat Gas will become “ drier ” / ” leaner ” .
Figure 7 also shows the present NGL / Nat Gas ratios for the Troll and Ormen Lange fields .
These fields are what are considered as “ dry ” / ” lean ” Nat Gas fields .
With time , as the other fields deplete , the NGL / Nat Gas ratio for NCS can be expected to approach the ratios of Ormen Lange and Troll .
OPEC NAT GAS AND NGL PRODUCTION
Since the IEA WEO 2008 projects strong growth in NGLs between 2007 and 2030 , I will take a closer look on NGLs and Nat Gas production within OPEC .
FIGURE 08 Actual and IEA WEO 2008 projected development of Nat Gas production for OPEC .
Note that the above chart uses an approximation to OPEC production , rather than the precise list of countries .
The diagram does not include developments of Nat Gas production for Angola , Ecuador , Indonesia and Libya .
Among these countries , Indonesia and Libya are listed in the BP Statistical Review 2008 with a total of 4,5 Tcm at end 2007 .
On the other hand , the chart includes data Middle Eastern countries which are not OPEC members .
These differences should be small , and partially offset .
Figure 08 indicates that IEA WEO 2008 expects strong growth in Nat Gas production from OPEC .
OPEC had more than 51 % of the World 's proven Nat Gas reserves as of end 2007 , and just above 18 % of the World 's production .
Strong growth is forecast in the Middle East to come from Iran ( South Pars ) and Qatar ( North Field ) , which now is estimated to hold approximately 35 Tcm combined or 20 % of the Worlds reserves .
Reserves in the Middle East have a high H 2 S ( above 100 ppm ) , CO 2 ( above 2 % ) or a combination of these two nuisances .
H 2 S and CO 2 must be removed to meet buyer ’s sales specifications which adds to development costs .
In Fiugre 09 , above , note that NGLs are forecast to grow faster than Nat Gas until 2015 , and thereafter have a slower growth .
FIGURE 10
The diagram above shows OPEC actual NGL and Condensate production ( plotted against the left y - axis ) against actual Nat Gas production ( red line ) plotted against the right y- axis for the years 1980 to 2007 .
In Figure 10 , note how Nat Gas has grown faster than NGLs in recent years , suggesting that the average OPEC Nat Gas is becoming leaner / drier .
From 1979 to 1987 , OPEC cut back total oil production of 11,8 Mb/d , due to recession and increased output from Alaska , the North Sea and Western Siberia .
In the same years , output of NGLs within OPEC continued to grow .
As NGLs are not part of the OPEC quota system , this would suggest that OPEC members had good incentive to develop fields yielding NGLs for additional income outside the quota system .
Note that IEA shows a decline in NGLs to Nat Gas ratios with time .
The reason this ratio continues to grow for the World is that OPEC ’s relative share in World Nat Gas production is projected to grow .
The general trend for the NGL to Nat Gas ratio for Algeria ( green line ) , Saudi Arabia ( yellow circles connected with black line ) , OPEC ( red circles connected with red line ) and OPEC - ( Algeria and Saudi Arabia ) is downward with time , that is “ drier ” / ” leaner ” Nat Gas .
As of 2007 Algeria and Saudi Arabia had around 30 % of OPEC ’s Nat Gas production and close to 50 % of OPEC ’s NGL production .
For Saudi Arabia the high NGL to Nat Gas ratio suggests a high portion of associated Nat Gas .
For Algeria , the recent uptick in the NGL to Nat Gas ratio seems to be associated with the start up of Algeria ’s third and fourth largest Nat Gas / Condensate fields In Salah and In Amenas .
It is in this context that the derived projected increase in the NGL to Nat Gas ratio for OPEC ( light green circles connected with red line ) from IEA WEO 2008 becomes interesting .
A closer look on projected growth in OPEC ’s near future Nat Gas production reveals that much will come from North Field in Qatar and South Pars in Iran .
Data on the website to StatoilHydro , who is partner in South Pars 6 - 8 ( South Pars is listed to have 28 phases ) , suggests an initial NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,0011 Bbl / Scm.
Data from SHELL ’s Pearl GTL , project which is fed from North Field , suggests a NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,0024 Bbl / Scm .
The GTL process is fed almost pure methane , which is also true for the LNG plants for Qatargas .
Other sources list South Pars to have a NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,0015 Bbl / Scm .
This data suggests that an average NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,002 Bbl / Scm can be expected for North Field / South Pars .
This ratio is close to the current ratio for OPEC - ( Algeria and Saudi Arabia ) , based on Figure 11 .
In Figure 12 , below , I show the IEA estimate of future NGL production together with my estimate of future NGL production .
My estimate assumes that IEA 's estimates of future Nat Gas production are correct -- a rather large assumption .
In making my forecast , I also assume the NGL / Nat Gas ratio for OPEC current Nat Gas production will remain unchanged at its current level of 0,003 Bbl / Scm until 2030 .
I also assume an average of 0,002 Bbl / Scm for new Nat Gas from OPEC , based on the discussion above and the IEA WEO 2008 projection on Nat Gas until 2030 .
I will leave to the readers to decide if the assumptions used above should be considered conservative or about right given the documentation provided earlier in this post .
As the diagram illustrates , my forecast using the stated assumptions comes close to the NGL projections for OPEC made in the IEA WEO 2006 reference case .
The question is :
What made IEA revise the NGL / Nat Gas ratio in their WEO 2008 ?
WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO MEET THE IEA WEO 2008 PROJECTION IN 2015 ?
Between 2007 and 2015 , half of the growth in OPEC Nat Gas production is projected by IEA to come from Iran and Qatar ( South Pars and North Field ) which suggests an average NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,002 Bbl / Scm , based upon data from several of the companies that are involved in these developments .
In order for IEA 's forecast to be accurate , this would require that the other half in Nat Gas production growth from OPEC between 2007 and 2015 come from fields with an average NGL / Nat Gas ratio of 0,012 Bbl / Scm , which is 6 times “ richer ” / ” wetter ” than Nat Gas from North Field / South Pars .
0,012 Bbl / Scm is close to double the “ richness ” of present Saudi Arabian production , ref Figure 11 above .
Anyone in the oil industry would testify that Nat Gas / Condensate fields with such a high liquid ratio , ( 0,012 Bbl / Scm ) , would be fantastic .
As NGLs ( inclusive Condensates ) are not part of the OPEC quota system , there would be a huge incentive within OPEC to develop such Nat Gas fields as quickly as possible .
FOR THOSE OF YOU THAT WANTS MORE DATA ON NGL / Nat Gas RATIOS
Note that the ratio for NCS is presently at about the world average ; further the US ratio has remained almost flat throughout the last ten years .
Data from EIA for the USA at the end of 2007 gave an R/P ratio for Nat Gas of 12,2 and NGL of 11,0 suggesting a slight decline to be expected in the future .
For the United Kingdom Continental Shelf ( UKCS ) , the ratio has been below the world average , but recently shown a little growth , now believed to be due to increased exports of “ rich gas ” from NCS .
The diagram suggests that Nat Gas outside OPEC , USA and the North Sea is much drier / leaner than the world average derived from IEA WEO 2008 .
Note that the Russian giant Shtockman field ( presently scheduled to start to flow in 2013 ) is a very dry gas field .
Methodology
The analysis presented in this post has strictly adhered the IEA WEO ’s definition ( ref. above ) of NGL ’s , if not otherwise stated .
It has also used the IEA WEO 2008 projections of growth in Nat Gas production for the world and groups of countries .
This analysis has not considered the possibility that the IEA WEO 2008 Nat Gas projections , to which the ratios are applied , may be inaccurate .
From here , I will leave it to the readers to add comments and / or suggestions .
SOURCES :
[ 1 ] IEA WEO ’s 2006 , 2007 and 2008
[ 2 ] EIA International Petroleum
[ 3 ] EIA , U.S. Crude Oil , Natural Gas , and Natural Gas Liquids Reserves .
2007 Annual report , October 2008 .
[ 4 ] BP Statistical Review 2008
[ 5 ] DTI / BERR / DECC , Energy Statistics , Oil and Gas
[ 6 ] NPD , Annual resource accounting and Production Data
[ 7 ]
SHELL , webpage data on PEARL GTL project
[ 8 ] Qatargas , webpage and various annual reports on LNG projects
[ 9 ] StatoilHydro , webpage on data for South Pars and In Salah , In Amenas
[ 10 ] Wikipedia on data for North Field and South Pars
Basin Found Camera !
While hiking in New Hampshire this summer , I found a digital camera at the bottom of a river .
Although the camera was completely destroyed , I was able to carefully take it apart and safely recover the photos from its memory chip .
THE SOLE PURPOSE OF THIS BLOG IS TO REUNITE THE CAMERA'S OWNER WITH THEIR PHOTOS .
Pelosi : Bush Administration lawbreakers should face prosecution , not immunity John Byrne
Published : Thursday February 26 , 2009
Print This Email This Not so fast .
Bush administration officials who broke the law should face criminal prosecution and should n't get immunity in exchange for testimony under a proposed Truth and Reconciliation Commission being discussed in the Senate , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) said in an interview broadcast late Wednesday .
Senate Judiciary Chairman Pat Leahy ( D - VT ) yesterday announced his committee will hold hearings on creating a panel to investigate alleged crimes committed by Bush administration officials , including torture of detainees and illegal wiretapping .
Leahy has said the panel would avoid criminal charges except in cases of perjury .
Pelosi said she supported the investigation , but any plan should hold open the possibility of prosecution .
" Senator Leahy has a proposal , Truth and Reconciliation Commission , which is a good idea , " Pelosi told Rachel Maddow on MSNBC Wednesday .
" What I have some concern about there is it has immunity .
And I think that some of the issues involved here , like the politicizing of the Justice Department and the rest , may have criminal ramifications , and I do n't think we should be giving them immunity . "
If a report by the Inspector General on warrantless wiretapping , expected to be released by summer , reveals crimes have been committed , Pelosi said criminal investigations should follow .
" I do n't think we should have immunity for some of those issues , " Pelosi said .
" No one is above the law , the president has said that . "
Plans to establish a congressional investigatory body remain in their infancy , as senators and staff look at previous panels , such as the 9 - 11 Commission , and investigations following Watergate .
Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - RI ) , a former U.S. attorney , told Salon 's Mark Benjamin Wednesday that a torture commission might need the power to immunize witnesses on a case - by - case basis .
The prospect of future prosecutions , he said , is beside the point .
Most important was putting a spotlight on abuses committed by the Bush administration .
Pelosi's opposition to offering immunity for testimony " could block what might have been an emerging consensus in favor of a truth commission , " Maddow said later in the program .
Leahy has suggested the investigatory panel could be modeled after a commission that probed apartheid in South Africa .
The commission should have " subpoena power and witnesses would not face charges except if they commit perjury , " The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this month .
President Barack Obama has vowed his administration wo n't torture terror suspects and said prosecutions should be brought in " clear instances of wrongdoing . "
But he has also said , " I 'm more interested in looking forward than I am in looking backward . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Feb. 25 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
With support from just three Republicans , the Democratic majorities in both the House and the Senate on Friday approved a sprawling , $ 787 billion economic stimulus package backed by President Barack Obama , handing the new president a major victory on his top economic priority .
The huge package contains billions of dollars in infrastructure spending and assistance to states and the unemployed , and a $ 400 tax cut for individuals that Obama promoted during his run for the White House .
Obama said the tax cuts and spending increases should create or save 3.5 million jobs and help lift the economy from one of the worst recessions in generations .
The version approved by both houses of Congress on Friday is a compromise hammered out after each chamber approved slightly different bills .
Democrats voted overwhelmingly in the House and Senate to back the bill , but no Republicans voted for it in the House and only three voted for it in the Senate .
Democratic Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio interrupted a visit home for his mother 's funeral service and flew back to vote , delaying the final vote until 10:47 p.m. , more than five hours after the first senator voted .
Scant Republican support
The House vote was 246 to 183 and the Senate 's was 60 to 38 .
Senate rules required 60 " yes " votes for approval .
Ailing Sen. Edward Kennedy , D - Mass. , did not vote .
The only Republican senators voting for the bill were Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , who were able to force some changes in the final package .
Many Republicans in both chambers fiercely criticized the bill , saying it 's full of wasteful spending and wo n't help the economy .
Republicans offered a plan that was based almost entirely on cutting taxes , but the Democratic majority rejected those ideas .
" This plan was supposed to be about jobs , jobs , jobs , but all it does is spend , spend , spend , " said House Republican Leader John Boehner , R - Ohio .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , argued exactly the opposite .
" This legislation can be summed up in one word : jobs , " she said .
Obama campaigned feverishly for the stimulus , pouring enormous amounts of political capital into its passage and touting it as a necessary step to head off economic catastrophe .
Some of the effects of the bill will be felt immediately , but many will be slow to kick in .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , for example , the stimulus would boost employment by between 800,000 and 2.3 million by the end of this year .
By the end of 2010 , the bill would create 3.6 million jobs , CBO estimated .
See Capitol Report .
Details of the package
Tax cuts make up about one - third of the stimulus package .
They include the $ 400 payroll - tax cut for workers , $ 100 less than Obama had proposed during his presidential campaign .
Also included is relief from the alternative minimum tax for millions of middle - income taxpayers .
The bill spends $ 5.1 billion to allow businesses to more quickly deduct the cost of some investments from taxable income .
It also spends $ 6.6 billion on a tax - credit for first - time homebuyers .
Spending by the government makes up the rest of the stimulus bill .
Read the bill .
Lawmakers agreed to spend $ 30 billion to modernize the electric grid , spur advanced battery manufacturing and fund energy efficiency projects .
There is $ 29 billion included for road and bridge infrastructure construction and $ 19 billion for hospitals and doctors who computerize their medical records .
Obama made his latest appeal for passage of the measure on Friday , speaking before a business group at the White House .
But he also cautioned that the bill is part of a multi-pronged strategy to revive the economy .
" This work will not be easy , " Obama said .
" Our recovery will likely be measured in years , not months .
And all of us -- government , business , labor , and citizens -- will have responsibilities to meet . "
Obama said his administration will also work to revitalize the housing market and the financial sector .
Obama will announce a framework for his plan to help homeowners avoid foreclosure on Wednesday .
Passage of the legislation marked an important victory for Obama , who has been in office for less than a month .
But almost all congressional Republicans have panned the bill despite early attempts by Obama to bring them on board and begin his presidency with a show of bipartisanship .
" Democratic leaders barreled ahead with their trillion - dollar spending plan that everyone agrees wo n't work .
The American people deserve better , " Boehner said .
Meanwhile , U.S. stocks closed lower for the week , with financial shares pacing the declines , as investors retreated in the face of a long weekend and uncertainty over how much the government would help ailing banks .
See Market Snapshot .
« In Retrospect , I Suppose It Was Inevitable | Main | Pretty Much the Last Thing I'm Going to Say on Bacon and Cats for a While , Honest »
September 14 , 2006
Two Quick Requests
All right , before I close up shop here for my Denver trip , two quick requests :
1 . Those of you folks who went to the Hugo awards ceremony at LACon IV and / or the pre-awards ceremony and / or the Hugo loser 's party : Krissy got all dolled up for the night in a ( if I may be allowed to say so ) really spectacular red dress , and because I was kind of out of it due to Campbell stress , I did n't think to snap any pictures of her in it .
If some of you who were snapping pictures that night happen to come across any pictures of her in her red dress there , would you be so kind as to send them to me ?
I 'd really appreciate it , and so would Krissy .
( Everyone else : this is not an invitation to send me Photoshopped pictures .
Yeah , I know how the lot of you think . )
2 . You know , at first , when people pointed out that it was a little silly for so much attention to be focused on a picture of me having taped bacon to my cat , I agreed , because I thought that somewhere in the 37 ( ish ) - year history of the InterTubes , someone somewhere must have posted another picture of bacon on a cat .
Hell , what is Stuffonmycat.com but a response to the natural tendency to place objects on one 's pets , take pictures of them , and then post them online ?
But here 's the thing : A cursory examination of teh Intarweebs seems to show that , in fact , no one else have ever thought to post a picture of cat + bacon , much less bacon taped to cat .
The closest I 've come is a picture of a cat wrestling with a bacon - shaped chew toy .
Even stuffonmycat.com is failing me here .
This is making me increasingly disturbed .
Call me crazy , but if it turns out that I am in fact the first person in the history of the online world to perform a cat / bacon mashup , I 'm going to be a little weirded out .
This is the same Internet that contains Goatse , Limecat and sharks attacking people in helicopters , after all .
You simply cannot tell me I 'm the first person to think " Bacon . Cat .
Bacon on the cat .
What could possibly go wrong ? " and then document the result .
So : Help a guy out and go on this series of tubes we all call home , and find me a picture of some " bacon on cat " action that predates my own .
Otherwise I may just go insane .
Or more insane .
You know .
This time I 'm not going to tell you not to Photoshop , because , come on , comedy gold .
But seriously .
If you find a real " bacon on cat " picture , you let me know .
Because really .
Being the person to think this up ?
That 's more evidence of my monumental freakishness that I really needed , you know ?
Posted by john at September 14 , 2006 10:23 AM
Trackback Pings
TrackBack URL for this entry :
http://www.scalzi.com/mt2/mt-tb.cgi/4050
Post a comment .
to stop spam ; if your comment goes into moderation , it may take a couple of hours to be released .
Please read this for my comment moderation policies .
Trust me , they 're there .
generally responds to commenters in kind .
If you 're polite , he 'll be polite .
If you 're a jackass , he 'll be a jackass .
If you are ignorant , he may correct you . read the comment thread rules .
When Tony Blair was appointed the Madrid Quartet ’s Middle East Envoy 18 months ago , there was a certain amount of incredulity in the Muslim world .
Here was the man who had swallowed the mendacious US line on Iraq and taken British troops into a war that was opposed by huge swaths of the British public .
I , too , was critical of the decision , but once he was in post ( operating out of a comfortable suite in the American Colony Hotel in Jerusalem ) , I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt and see what , if anything , he could come up wth .
Well , tonight , in an extensive interview with Gavin Esler on BBC2’s ‘ Newsnight ’ , Blair confirmed my worst suspicions .
Commenting on the current Gazan situation , the former Prime Minister made not one word of criticism , let alone condemnation , of the bloody Israeli assault on Gaza .
He parroted the line out of Tel Aviv that all the blame should be placed on Hamas ’s shoulders , and argued that only Hamas can extricate the people of Gaza from the current situation , essentially by capitulating .
Despite being one of the architects of the Northern Ireland peace agreement , in which negotiation with the IRA / Sinn Fein was a key element , he rejected even the idea that Western countries should talk to Hamas .
I have no truck for the rocket attacks on Israel by Hamas and other radical Islamic groups based in Gaza .
I have consistently denounced them and continue to do so .
However , to peddle the Israeli myth that the root of the current crisis is the Hama rockets , as Tony Blair is doing , is an obscene distortion of reality .
What about the Israeli blockade , which has been turning the Gaza Strip into what the Vatican has now referred to as a giant concentration camp ?
And what about the 40 years of illegal occupation of the West Bank and its ongoing settlement by Israelis , in total violation of international law ?
The extremely effective Israeli PR machine is yet again trying to portray Israelis as the victims .
But this just will not wash .
Listen to the UN officials , one after another , being driven in their anguish to state openly that Israeli actions in Gaza — including the bombing of schools and the slaughter of civilians — may now prove to be war crimes .
Tony Blair must know this .
He is not stupid or ill - informed .
But he is the wrong man for the job as Middle East peace envoy .
One of the first things Barack Obama should do when he takes office as US President in a fortnight ’s time is to move to get him replaced .
「 ソフトウェア工学」は矛盾語法か？
Is “ Software Engineering ” an Oxymoron ?
By Alan Kay
( 訳注 : 以下の文章 は
、http://d.hatena.ne.jp/sumim/20080806/p1 に紹介されていたアラン・ケイの文章 --
Is “ Software Engineering ” an Oxymoron ?
-- を訳したものです。原文もsumim さんのサイトからダウンロードしました。最初に書かれたのは
1999年から2000年ごろと少し古いので注意してください。日本語で矛盾語法(oxymoron)とは聞き慣れない言葉ですが、ジーニアス英和大辞典によると an open secret ( 公然の秘密 ) や、living death ( 生き地獄 ) のような矛盾する二つの単語を組み合わせた熟語の事を言うらしいです。)
真のソフトウェア工学はまだ未来のものだ。一年とかけずに三千人以下でエンパイアステートビルを造り上げるようなものは、現在のソフトウェア工学に存在しない。彼らはソフトウェア開発にはまだ無い強力なアイデアと道具を使った。もしもソフトウェアが何らかの工学を行うとしても、大抵はアーチの発明以前(文字通りアーチづくり、アーキテクチャ以前と言える)の古代エジプトと同じようなレベルにしかならない。劣悪な知識と工具しか持たず、何十万もの奴隷を何十年も使い石に石を重ねてゆく様は、まさに今日ほとんどのソフトウェア開発で行われている事だ。
Real Software Engineering is still in the future .
There is nothing in current SE that is like the construction of the Empire State building in less than a year by less than 3000 people : they used powerful ideas and power tools that we do n’t yet have in software development .
If software does “ engineering ” at all , it is too often at the same level as the ancient Egyptians before the invention of the arch ( literally before the making of arches : architecture ) , who made large structures with hundreds of thousands of slaves toiling for decades to pile stone upon stone : they used weak ideas and weak tools , pretty much like most software development today .
Is there anything worthwhile and powerful between the ancient Egyptians and the Empire State Building ?
本当の疑問は、この二つの間に、真に近代的なソフトウェアの為の工学プロセスとなり得る技法 -- 二つのものを積み上げる以上のもの -- があるだろうかという事だ。
The real question is whether there exists a practice in between the two —- stronger than just piling up messes —- that can eventually lead us to real modern engineering processes for software .
この現在のジレンマを特徴づける一つの見方として、たとえ同じような目的を持つプロジェクトでも、毎回必要以上に大きな学習曲線が必要になるという事がある。一つの原因はわたしたちがまだソフトウェアについて必要な事がまだ分かっていないからだろう。しかし
Butler Lampson が指摘しているのは、ムーアの法則によって年々新しく大きな要求が生まれ質的に違う環境に置かれるため、同じようなプロジェクトであっても全く違ったものになるという点だ。
One of the ways to characterize the current dilemma is that every project we do , even those with seemingly similar goals has a much larger learning curve than it should .
This is partly because we do n’t yet know what we really need to know about software .
But as Butler Lampson has pointed out , this is also partly because Moore ’s Law gives us a qualitatively different environment with new and larger requirements every few years , so that projects with similar goals are quite different .
Fram oil filter 原理
( 訳注 : あとで直すのは高く付くというテレビコマーシャルより)
The Fram oil filter principle
プロジェクト設計時に知っていれば良かった事がプロジェクト期間中に明らかになる事は大変良くある。今日において、より素早い開発と高い成功の鍵となるのはこのような新しい知識で行われるものだ。「エジプト的」ソフトウェアシステムでは、もしもシステムの基礎に基本的に新しい方法を採用しようとすればかなり最初からやり直さなくてはならない。これは大変な工数を要するため、一般的には行われない。
Very often during a project we ’ll find out something that we wished we ’d known when designing the project .
Today , much of the key to more rapid construction and higher success is what we do with this new knowledge .
In the ” Egyptian ” SW systems , we pretty much have to start over if we find a basic new way to deal with the foundation of our system .
This is so much work that it is generally not done .
同じような不吉な話を挙げると、ソフトウェアシステムにおいて全コストの85 % は成功裏に導入された後で必要になる。コストのおおまかな内容は、新しい要求に応える為の変更、後で発見されるバグ等だ。前もって適切であったり節約に見えていた事でさえ、後々実際の大きなライフサイクルを視野に入れると、結局費用が指数関数的にかさむ羽目になる。
Something quite similar obtains in the ominous fact that 85 % of the total cost of a SW system is incurred after it has been successfully installed .
The bulk of the cost comes from the changes needed from new requirements , late bugs , and so forth .
What seemed expedient and cost saving early on , winds up costing exponentially more when the actual larger life cycle picture is taken into account .
遅延結合
Late binding
真のソフトウェア工学が開発されるまでの次善の策は、あらゆる要素について極端に遅延結合な動的システムを使って開発する事だ。これを重要な部分で実際に行ったのは
LISP が最初だ。そして沢山の偉大なアイデアは、70 年代の初期に XEROX PARC で Squeak の祖先であ る Smalltalk -- 最初の完全にオブジェクト指向な開発操作環境 -- の発明にも使われた。Squeak はこの遅延結合をさらに押し進めたものだ。
Until real software engineering is developed , the next best practice is to develop with a dynamic system that has extreme late binding in all aspects .
The first system to really do this in an important way was LISP , and many of its great ideas were used in the invention of Squeak ’s ancestor Smalltalk -- the first dynamic completely object - oriented development and operating environment -- in the early 70s at Xerox PARC .
Squeak goes much further in its approach to latebinding .
Late binding allows ideas learned late in project development to be reformulated into the project with exponentially less effort than traditional early binding systems ( C , C++ , Java , etc . )
鍵となるアイデアは、試験中や、特に変更中にシステムを走らせておく事だ。たとえ大きな変更であっても少しずつ秒に満たない時間で更新されるべきだ。危険な変更などから穏やかに回復できるよう様々な種類の「取り消し」機能が必要とされる。
One key idea is to keep the system running while testing and especially while making changes .
Even major changes should be incremental and take no more than a fraction of a second to effect .
Various forms of “ undo ” need to be supplied to allow graceful recovery from dangerous changes , etc .
もうひとつの鍵は、一般的なメモリ割当とガベジコレクタで、効率よく実時間で働く(アニメーションや動的なメディアが
GC 中に再生出来るように ) だけでなく、オブジェクトの再構成が安全に行われる必要がある。例えば、あなたのプロジェクトを一年以上続けていて、沢山の大切な物が出来上がっているとする。システムを破壊せずに、何万もの動いているオブジェクトがあるクラスにいくつかのインスタンス変数を追加して、動的にそれらを再構成する事は出来るだろうか?
Squeak ならいつもやっている事だ。なぜならメモリ割当は遅延結合のために作られ、実時間性能にも優れているからだ。
Another key idea is to have a generalized storage allocator and garbage collector that is not only efficient in real - time ( so that animations and dynamic media of many kinds can be played while the gc is collecting ) , but that allows reshaping of objects to be done safely .
For example , you have been working on your project for more than a year , and many important things have been built .
Can you add several instance variables to a key class that has hundreds of thousands of working instances and have these reshaped on - the - fly without crashing the system ?
In Squeak this is done all the time , because its storage allocation system was designed for late - bound reshaping , as well as good realtime performance .
全てのアイデアの為のモデルとモデリング
Modeling and models of all ideas
極端なアイデアを挙げると、開発システムをそれ自体のモデルにさせて、開発中に新しいアイデアとして進化させる事がある。これには
UI ウィジェットのような普通のツールだけでなく、システムのメタ構造になるようなものも含まれる。インスタンスそのものはどのように作られるだろうか?
変数は実のところどうか? 簡単に様々な継承構造の記法を実現出来るか?
クラスがプロトタイプ プロトタイプがクラスよりも上手く働くかどうか決定して、プロトタイプベースの設計に移動する事が出来るだろうか?
A radical key idea is to make the development system have a model of itself so that it can be extended as new ideas occur during development .
This means that there are not only classes for workaday tools , such as UI widgets , but there are also classes that represent the metastructure of the system itself .
How are instances themselves made ?
What is a variable really ?
Can we easily install a very different notion of inheritance ?
Can we decide that prototypes are going to work better for us than classes , and move to a prototype - based design ?
基本的な構成要素のモデル化を拡張すると、より大きな機能をシミュレートしモデル化する事になる。例えば、Squeak バーチャルマシンの仕様は紙の文書によっては記述されていない(机上の確認だけで
1/2 ページの紙の仕様書を書けるのかという事すらあやしい)。その代わりに、Squeak VM の仕様 はSqueak の上で走り、デバッグされる生きたシミュレーションモデルとして存在している。FM
音源シンセサイザのような新しい機能は、C 等の低レベル言語では無く、VM 仕様の為の一つのモジュールとして Squeak 自体の中で新しいプロセスをモデル化する事で作られる。これは高い
Squeak レベルでデバッグされる( 実際には 、VM シミュレータは十分に速いのでリアルタイムに 3 , 4 の音源を制御出来る ) 。次に数学的な変換によって高レベルのモデルから
Squeak が走る数多くのプラットフォーム用コードへと確実に変換される。更なる変更もこの
VM シミュレータ上に実装され、 「 生きた仕様 」 の一部となり、上に記したように変換されてゆく。
An extension of modeling basic building blocks is to also model and simulate larger facilities .
For example , the Squeak Virtual Machine specification is not represented as a paper document ( it ’s not even clear that a 1/2 page paper specification could be made without error just by desk checking ) .
Instead , the Squeak VM specification is represented as a working simulation model within itself that can be run and debugged .
New facilities , such as adding FM musical synthesis are not created by writing in C or other lower level languages , but by modeling the new processes in Squeak itself as a module for the VM specification .
This is debugged at the high Squeak level ( in fact , the VM simulator is still fast enough to run 3 or 4 separate real - time voices ) .
Then a mathematical translator is brought to bear which can make a guaranteed translation from the high level model to low - level code that will run on the two dozen or so platforms Squeak runs on .
Further changes are implemented in the VM simulator and become part of the “ living spec ” , then translated as described above , etc .
より少ない機能を、より多いメタを
Fewer features , more meta
もしもわたしたちがソフトウェアの書き方を本当に分かっていたら、システム開発の以前に全ての必要な機能を定義出来るという現在の(悪い)前提だけで十分だっただろう。しかし実際そんな事はまだ分からないので、機能満載の大規模設計の正反対であり、「機能なし」か、もっと良い言い方をすると「ほとんどメタ」のシステムが必要になる。残念ながら、現在のほとんどのソフトウェアは機能満載言語で書かれるのでこういったものには対応出来ない。そして必要な拡張は不可能だ。その原因の一端は無知にあり、また、困難さにある。
If we really knew how to write software , then the current ( wrong ) assumption that we can define all needed features ahead of time in our development system would be sufficient .
But since we do n’t really know how to do it yet , what we need is just the opposite of a feature - laden design - heavy development system : we need one “ without features ” , or perhaps a better way to say this is that we need a system whose features are “ mostly meta ” .
Unfortunately , most software today is written in feature - laden languages that do n’t cover the space , and the needed extensions are not done : partially from ignorance and partially from difficulty .
例えば、C++ はエキスパートプログラマの為に作られたものだが、この業界では一般的に初心者に使われている。例としては「new」をオーバーライドすることによって(真に優れたプログラマによって)本当に素晴らしい記憶割当システムを書く事が出来る。同じように、テンプレートもまたエキスパートによってオーバーライドされる事を意図したものだ。多くのプログラマが
C++ のテンプレートの本来の使い方を活用しないで、ただ与えられたままに使っている事は
C++ の開発者である Bjarne Stroustroup のフラストレーションの元になっている。これは常に、大きく、遅く、不安定で、巨大なメンテナンスを必要とする構造を引き起こしてしまう。これは彼の意図したところではない!
For example , C++ is actually set up for truly expert programmers , but is generally used by non-experts in the field .
E.g. “ new ” can be overridden and a really great storage allocation system can be written ( by a really great programmer ) .
Similarly other features intended as templates for experts can be overridden .
It is a source of frustration to Bjarne Stroustroup , the inventor of C++ , that most programmers do n’t take advantage of the template nature of C++ , but instead use it as a given .
This usually leads to very large , slow , and fragile structures which require an enormous amount of maintenance .
This was not what he intended !
Squeak は深いメタシステムと初期機能( 大変能率的な実時間インクリメンタルガベジコレクタと沢山のメディアクラス等)を達成する事によって別の道を歩んでいる。これは様々な場合に鍵となるシステムを素早く開発するために役立っている。一方で、深い拡張が必要になる場合もあって、多くのプログラマは与えられた沢山の機構を使いこなせないでいる。このような能力不足はどちらの言語にとっても損失だ。
Squeak takes a different route by supplying both a deeper meta system and more worked out initial facilities ( such as a really good real - time incremental garbage collector and many media classes , etc. ) .
In many cases , this allows very quick development of key systems .
However , it is also the case that when deep extensions are needed , many programmers will simply not take advantage of the many mechanisms for change provided .
The lack of metaskills hurts in both languages .
今日のソフトウェアが抱える問題の一部は、多くのプログラマが表面的な少しのプログラムを、しかも早期結合なシステムでしか習わない事だ。彼らはメタプログラミングをほとんど(または全く)習わない -- メタプログラミングこそソフトウェアの混乱から抜け出す大切な鍵の一つなのに関わらず。
Part of the real problem of today ’s software is that most programmers have learned to program only a little , at the surface level , and usually in an early bound system .
They have learned very little ( or nothing ) about how to metaprogram —- even though metaprogramming is one of the main keys today for getting out of software ’s current mess .
「 数学」を学ぶ事のトレードオフは何か?
( 訳注 : calculus は 「計算法」のように訳されますが、メタ数学を含む広い意味で使ったそうなので「数学」としました。)
What are the tradeoffs of learning “ calculus ” ?
Squeak を学ぶ上で鍵となるのは同じメカニズムの作り方や日常的なプログラムのための文法を学ぶだけではなく( 訳注 : 同じメカニズムの作り方 the equivalent mechanisms とは 、Squeak に最初から存在する変数や制御機構など組み込みの機能だけでなく、メタ機能によって同じものをユーザが作れるという事を意味しています )
、システムに生かすためにはどう新しいアイデアを使ってどう必要なものを再構成するかを学ぶ事だ。ちょうど良い比喩として、Squeak をある種の数学として見てみよう。この数学は単に代数や幾何学を改良したものではない。なぜなら数学的関係についての新しく、広く、もっと強力な考える方法を導くからだ。ほとんどの人にとって、一ヶ月で数学の力を得るのは難しいだろう。しかしそれを使えば、沢山の人が一年間のうちにいくつかの力をちゃんと使えるようになる。
Part of the key to learning Squeak is not just to learn the equivalent mechanisms and syntax for workaday programs , but to learn how to take new ideas and reformulate whatever is necessary to empower the system with them .
An analogy that works pretty well is to view Squeak as a new kind of calculus .
The calculus is not the same as simply a better algebra or geometry , because it actually brings with it new and vastly more powerful ways of thinking about mathematical relationships .
Most people will not get powerful in calculus in a month , but many can get a very good handle on some of the powers in a year if they work at it .
百年前の土木技師は、沢山の素材(何も無い空間もふくむような)の歪みや圧力、湾曲について解析しシミュレートするためのテンソル解析という大変美しい算術について学ぶ必要が無かった。しかし五十年も前には全ての土木技師が真の技術者と見なされるためにこの新しい数学を身につけなければいけなくなっていた。Squeak の中にある沢山の強力で風変わりなアイデアもテンソル解析のようなものだ(より易しいと思うが)。これはその力にも関わらず現在の実践の一部ではないが、遠くない将来には含まれるようになるだろう。
One hundred years ago structural engineers did not have to learn the powerful form of calculus called Tensor Calculus , a very beautiful new mathematics that allows distortions , stresses and strains of many different materials ( including seemingly empty space ) to be analyzed and simulated .
But , by 50 years ago , all structural engineers had to get fluent in this new math to be certified as a real engineer .
Many of the most powerful and different ideas in Squeak are like those in Tensor Calculus ( though easier , we think ) .
They are not part of current practice in spite of their power , but will be not too far in the future .
現在の実践のほとんどが六十年代に生まれた
Most of current practice today was invented in the 60s
この広い世界において、いかに吸収と需要のペースが遅いかは特筆に値する。C から C++ に追加されたものは、大まかに言って 1965 年に Algol から Simla に成されたものだ 。Java も大変似ている。マウスとハイパーリンクは六十年代初期に発明された。HTML は六十年代後期の SCRIBE のようなマークアップ言語だ。XML はさらに一般化されているが、六十年代に LISP のしたものの別記法だ 。Linux は基本的 に Unix で 、1970 年に由来するが多くのプログラマにとって未だ
「熱い話題」である。オーバーラッピングウインドウ
UI は七十年代に生まれ現在引き継がれたものの中のうちで数少ない一つだ。しかし現在プログラマが使うシステム上のアイデアはほとんど六十年代のデータ中心、サーバ中心の世界から来たものだ。
It is worth noting the slow pace of assimilation and acceptance in the larger world .
C++ was made by doing to C roughly what was done to Algol in 1965 to make Simula .
Java is very similar .
The mouse and hyper - linking were invented in the early sixties .
HTML is a markup language like SCRIBE of the late 60s .
XML is a more generalized notation , but just does notationally what LISP did in the 60s .
Linux is basically Unix , which dates from 1970 , yet is now the “ hottest thing ” for many programmers .
Overlapping window UIs are one of the few ideas from the seventies that has been adopted today .
But most of the systems ideas that programmers use today are from the data - and server - centric world of the 60s .
この採用の遅れはプログラミングのより大きな世界、特にビジネス界で大体三十年くらいに見える。しかし現在わたしたちの知るように
Squeak の実践と形式は七十年代中盤に開発され、まだ三十年の遅れを満たしていない。ピアツーピアコンピューティングもまた
ARPA / PARC コミュニティで同じ頃開発されたが狭い環境で実験的に使われているだけだ。インターネットが動くようなやり方でシステムを構築する等という事もまだ現在実践されていない(この「三十年遅れ説」を一般化するのは冗談めいた見方かもしれないが、今の所驚くべきほど真実味がある ) 。
The lag of adoption seems to be about 30 years for the larger world of programming , especially in business .
However , the form and practice of Squeak as we know it today was developed in the mid70s and has not yet had its 30 - year lag play out .
Peer - peer computing was also developed by the ARPA / PARC community around the same period and is just being experimented with in limited ways .
Building systems that work the way the Internet works is not yet part of current practice , etc .
( This general observation about the “ 30 year lag ” could be facetious , but it seems amazingly true to history so far . )
おそらく 、Squeak のような新しい種類のソフトウェア開発にとっての大切な事は、あるコンピュータ科学者の小さなグループが二十五年以上かけて極めてささやかな経験を得て来たという事だ。したがって六十年代後期の哲学的憶測などではもはや無く、その代わり広く様々な動的なコンピュータ構造についての知識と実例の実体が今や存在する。この事実は実践的である事を誇りとしている人々にとって新しい方法をもっと「現実的」にさせる。例えば、デスクトップパグリッシングを一般化するような実用的なシステムを(訳注 : 静的な世界と動的な世界の)二つの世界で評価されうるし、その答えがなぜ
Squeak のようなレイトバインディングなものが二十倍も小さく、開発に少ない人月しかかけずに、それでも高くまずまずの速度で人間の知覚よりも速く走るのかという疑問に応える事が出来るだろう。この事は、より数多くのプログラマがこの「新しい」手段で考え、作る方法を学ぶ事を動機づけ、さらには必須となるきっかけになるだろう。
Perhaps the most important fact about the new kind of software development as exemplified by Squeak is that a small group of computer scientists have gained quite a bit of experience over the last 25 + years .
Thus these are no longer the philosophical speculations of the late sixties , but instead are now a body of knowledge and examples about a wide variety of dynamic computing structures .
This makes these new ways much more “ real ” for those who pride themselves on being practical .
For example , a paradigmatic system such as generalized desktop publishing can be examined in both worlds , and some answers can be given about why the late bound one in Squeak is more than 20 times smaller , took even less fractional person - time to create , and yet still runs faster than human nervous systems at highly acceptable speeds .
This will start to motivate and eventually require more programmers to learn how to think and make in these “ new ” ways .
新しいアイデアを学ぶとはどういう事か?
What is it like to learn the new ideas ?
このような柔軟な機能はどれだけ複雑である必要があるだろうか?
文法上は決して複雑で無くてもよい。なじみ深い英語の語順である主語、動詞、目的語(よく前置詞や、たまに暗黙の主語を伴う)があれば全く十分だ。オブジェクト指向の言い方で言うと、主語はメッセージのレシーバであり、文の残りはメッセージだ(ここでは「動詞」を強調して書く)。これで次のような読みやすい形式になる。
How complex does such a flexible facility have to be ?
It certainly does n’t have to be complex syntactically .
The familiar English word order of Subject Verb Object ( often with prepositions and sometimes with an implied subject ) is quite sufficient .
In object terms , the Subject is the receiver of the message , and the rest of the sentence is the message ( we ’ll mark the “ verb ” by darkening it ) .
This allows readable forms such as :
3 ‘ this is some text ’ pen up 3 + 4 3 * ( 4 + 5 ) car forward by 5 { 1 2 3 4 5 6 7} collect [ n | n odd ] Repeat ( 1 to 100 by 2 ) do [ ******* ]
そして大切なのは、この単純な決まりに従って必要なだけ新しく読みやすい記法を作る事が出来る事だ。
And , just as important , these simple conventions allow us to make up new readable forms as we find needs for them .
これは、ユーザが文法と意味の関係を一つだけ念頭に置いておけば良い事を意味する。
This means that a user only has to think of one syntax - semantic relationship .
レシーバ メッセー ジ -- レシーバが意味を把握している事を意味する。
Receiver message means the meaning is in the receiver
という事で、オブジェクトはただネットワーク上のピア・ピア・サーバのように考えられ、使われると考える。(これは偶然ではなく、六十年代後期におけるARPAnet から Internet にかけての開発にさかのぼるアイデアを起源とする ) 。
thus objects are thought of and used just like peer - peer servers on a network .
( This is not a coincidence and the origin of this idea dates back to the development of the ARPAnet ->
Internet in the late sixties ) .
従って、動的なオブジェクト指向プログラミングを行うという事は通信しあうオブジェクトでシステムを設計し構築する事になる。もしもわたしたちのオブジェクトシステムの内部がそれ自体オブジェクトから出来ているとすれば、必要な構造上の知識は全て知っている事になる。
Thus what we are doing with dynamic object - oriented programming is to design and build a system made of intercommunicating objects .
If our object system allows the interiors of all objects to be themselves made from objects , then we have learned all of the structural knowledge needed .
内部構造はオブジェクトの振る舞いの性質を反映したものになり得る。ある部分は他の部分よりより動的だろう。このような振る舞いは「役割」としてグループ化出来る(「観点」の言葉がよりよい時もある)。そういった役割には、「このオブジェクトは可視的な画像要素だ」や、「このオブジェクトは他のオブジェクトを運搬する/格納する」や、「このオブジェクトは基本オブジェクトだ」などがありうる。あるシステムの特別な使い方に特有な役割があるかもしれない。例えば、UI のスライダウィジェットとしての特別な役割があり得るだろう。
The interiors can be portrayed as views of the behavioral properties of the object , some of which are more dynamic than others .
These behaviors can be grouped into “ roles ” ( sometimes “ perspectives ” is a good term to use ) .
One role could be “ the object as a visible graphical entity ” .
Another role could be “ the object as a carrier / container of other objects ” .
A third role could be “ the object as a basic object ” .
There might be roles that are idiosyncratic to the object ’s use in some system .
For example , the object could have a special role as a slider widget in a UI .
これが、子供や非プログラマにとって特に学びやすいプログラミング方法に見える理由だ。つまり、親しみやすい文法を使い、オブジェクトがお互いに作用し合うという親しみやすい世界の見方を持っている。オブジェクトは役割から成り、役割は関係する振る舞いの集合で、それら全てがオブジェクトである。
This is why children and nonprogrammers find this style of programming so particularly easy to learn : it uses a familiar syntax , and has a familiar view of the world , as objects that interact with each other .
The objects are made from roles that themselves are collections of relevant behaviors , themselves in terms of objects .
あなたのコンピュータのスクリーンを見てみよう。するとそこにはたった一種類のオブジェクトしか無い事に(驚きを持って)気づくだろう。それは空間を色分けする領域から成るコスチュームによって表現され、ユーザの動作を扱い、他の同じようなオブジェクトと作用し、他の同じようなオブジェクトを運搬し、それ自体が一部分として特別な劇場効果を担っているかもしれない。これらそこにあるものがすべてエンドユーザの視点から来ている。それではなぜソフトウェアはこうも複雑なのか?
その一つの答えは、普通人間の神経系は類似ではなく差異に惹き付けられるが、類似こそが一見大きく複雑に見えるシステムにある小さな特徴を作り出すものだからだ。差異は時間が経つにつれ問題を引き起こす不必要な沢山の特別ケースを頻繁に生み出してしまう。
Look at the screen of your computer and realize ( perhaps with a shock ) that there is really only one kind of object that you are dealing with : one that is represented by a costume consisting of colored regions of space , that can handle user actions , interact with other similar objects , carry similar objects , and may have a few special roles in the “ theatrical presentation ” of which it is a part .
This is all there is from the end user ’s perspective .
Then why is software so complex ?
Part of the answer is that normal human nervous systems are attracted to differences , not similarities , and it is similarities that create small descriptions for seemingly large complex systems .
Differences often lead to lots of needless special cases that cause increasingly more trouble as time marches on .
「 類似」は数学では代数の仕事だ。代数は一見別々に見える関係を、全てを表現する一つの見出しにまとめあげる。六十年代にオブジェクトシステムが発明された時、代数的特徴を持ちうると分かっていた。そして単一で自己完結的な「オブジェクト性」の組み合わせであり、少しでも沢山の事を行うという能力の多くを説明するものこそが
Squeak の代数的特徴である。この代数の可能性は普通の古いスタイルの早期結合な仕事をする日々のプログラミングの中ではまだ少しも明らかではない。これこそがほとんどのプログラマにとってこれからやってくるものだ。
“ Similarities ” are what an algebra does in mathematics : it unifies many seemingly different relationships under a single rubric which represents all .
When dynamic object systems were invented in the 60s it was realized that they could have algebraic properties , and it is the algebraic nature of Squeak , combined with the uniform self - contained “ objectness ” , that accounts for quite a bit of its ability to do a lot with a little .
The possibilities of algebra are not at all obvious in the normal old - style early - bound work of work - a - day programming .
This is mostly yet to come for most programmers .
子供達はまた、長い一連の逐次的な論理よりも並列処理の方が得意なので、動的に相互作用する並列イベント式のシステムを書く事に喜んでなじむ。ここから小さく単純なプログラム群が生まれる。
Children are also able to deal with parallelism more easily than long strings of sequential logic , so they readily take to writing parallel event - driven systems that deal with interactions dynamically .
This leads to small simple programs .
一方で、ほとんどのプログラマは逐次処理と非オブジェクトという正反対の事を強調する「アルゴリズムとデータ構造」コースで習い始める。これは弱い受け身の素材を制御する単純な一種の「神の視線」で、スケール出来ない。本当のシステム設計に必要とされる「普通の視線」の交渉と戦略を後から採用するのは多くのプログラマにとってとても難しいと思う。
On the other hand , most programmers learn their craft by starting with “ algorithms and data structures ” courses that emphasize just the opposite : sequential logic and nonobjects .
This is a kind of simple “ godlike ” control of weak passive materials whose methods do n’t scale .
I think it is very hard for many programmers to later take the “ nongod ” view of negotiation and strategy from the object ’s point of view that real systems designs require .
友人であり、同僚である Dave Reed ( TCP と IP という二つのプロトコルを結びつけインターネットを形作るために重要な役割を果たしたTCP/IP における「/」のような人物)がよく指摘するのだが、今日のコンピュータ技術のほとんどを生み出したARPA , ONR そして PARC の創造者達には奇妙な謙虚さがあった。彼らは確かに本当に大きな問題に立ち向かうほどに傲慢であった
- 停止も故障もないまま桁違いに成長する世界規模のネットワーク、全てのユーザの為のパーソナルコンピューティング、動的なオブジェクト指向システムによる設計、誰でも使えて大変安価なイーサネットのようなローカルエリアネットワークなどだ。しかしまたこれらの発明者たちも、これらの問題を直接ゴリ押しでは(「神」のようにという言い方も出来る)解決出来ないと感じる程度に賢明だった。その代わり、このような問題に対する巧妙な手口を見つけ出したのだ。兵術の前に策略を用い、失敗を回避せずに受け止める事だった。
My friend and colleague Dave Reed ( whom I think of as the “ / ” in TCP / IP , because he was instrumental in creating the distinct roles for these two protocols that make the Internet work ) likes to point out that there was a certain odd humbleness in the ARPA , ONR and PARC creators of most of today ’s computer technologies .
They certainly had the hubris to work on really large problems — such as a worldwide network that could grow by 10 orders of magnitude without having to be stopped or breaking , personal computing for all users , dynamic object oriented system building , a local area net like the Ethernet that is essentially foolproof and dirt cheap , etc .
But it was also true that most of these inventors did n’t feel that they were smart enough to solve any of these problems directly with brute force ( as “ gods ” , in other words ) .
Instead they looked for ways to finesse the problems : strategies before tactics , embracing the fact of errors , instead of trying to eliminate them , etc .
素材が建築を左右す る
Architecture Dominates Materials
短く言うと、あなたは何か時計のような単純なものを作り壊れたら直せる。しかし大きなシステムでは成長する際や、変化する際の擦り合わせが必要だ。これはより自然の生命の営みにも似て、大きなシステムは単純な歯車の機構よりも生態系のように振る舞う。
In short , you can make something as simple as a clock and fix it when it breaks .
But large systems have to be negotiated with , both when they are grown , and when they are changed .
This is more biological in nature , and large systems act more like ecologies than like simple gear meshing mechanisms .
そこで 、Squeak のような単純で強力なものの秘密は、どうすればできるだけ深く「システムについて考えるか」であり、できるだけ頻繁に「謙虚に考えるか」である。前者は始めてみる際の良い見方だ。後者の方は、今までも今後も上手く行かない脆弱な逐次的アルゴリズムパラダイムの代わりに、人間の欠陥を扱う「メタ戦略」が必要になった時の良い見方だ。
So the trick with something as simple and powerful as Squeak is to learn how to “ think systems ” as deeply as possible , and to “ think humble ” as often as possible .
The former is a good perspective for getting started .
The latter is a good perspective for dealing with human inadequacies and the need for “ metastrategic ” processes rather than trying to scale fragile sequential algorithmic paradigms where they were never meant to go , and where they ca n ’t go .
One powerful architectural principle , such as the vaulted arch -- or dynamic late bound objects in software -- can provide a boost into a much higher leverage practices for designing and building large complex structures while modern scientific engineering is still being developed
翻訳 : 山宮 隆
' Wash by hand ... in coleslaw ' :
The hilarious examples of mangled English from around the world
It is the most widely spoken language on Earth and has produced some of the most wonderful literature known to man .
But for non-native speakers , the English language 's inconsistencies in spelling and grammar mean that it is often frustratingly difficult to make yourself understood .
Found on everything from poorly translated signs and menus to bizarrely worded adverts and strange t- shirt slogans the mis-use of English can be found everywhere .
Scroll down to see the latest collection of amusingly ' creative ' English from around the world .
Salad days :
The mayonnaise will do wonders for the softness of your clothes
Mr Friendly : A cheery warning to just stay away , ok ?
Home cooking : Mmmm , you can't beat the flavour of charred flesh in a biscuit
Safety first : Just make sure your child 's body is kept away from the pointy end
Honest : A worrying warning at this Chinese supermarket
Take the plunge : A step - by - step guide to drowning - how handy
Dangerous work :
They get through painters and decorators at a terrifying rate in this part of the world
Patience :
And who knows when they 're going to start building tomorrow ?
Animal cruelty :
In fact maybe it would be best just to leave the animal alone altogether ?
Do n't feed the cleaners :
Every precaution is taken to keep the window cleaners safe ... and hungry
Do n't jump :
Take one more step and I 'll turn over , I swear
Clean and happy : Bathtime is always fun in Japan
Dead set :
Another hero falls by the wayside
More examples can be found at www.engrish.com.
I believe that programming languages , libraries , and tools should get easier to use over time -- if we 're careful about creating good abstractions and providing usable , simple APIs .
We do n't always get those right the first time .
Sometimes we make mistakes .
I also believe that we should identify and fix mistakes as soon as possible .
This goes against the prevailing Perl 5 philosophy which spends an inordinate amount of effort trying never to break existing code , even if it relied on huge mistakes and interfaces broken - as - designed .
Contrary to some reports , I am sympathetic to the idea of keeping existing code working .
It 's infeasable to change thousands of lines of working code just to keep up with fashions and fads .
Yet it 's important to weigh the benefit of simplicity and correctness for all new code written in the future against the potential of breaking existing code which may never run on an updated version .
This is especially true for some of the core library which has been part of Perl 5 since the beginning .
Consider the working - but - much - maligned File : : Find , which features one of the worst possible interfaces imaginable .
File :: Find has been part of Perl 5 since the start :
use Modern : : Perl ; use Module :: CoreList ; say Module :: CoreList->first_version ( ' File : : Find ' ) ; # output : 5
File :: Find traverses a directory tree , looking for files or directories which match arbitrary criteria .
You pass the find ( ) function a subroutine reference as callback and a list of directories in which to look .
For every file or directory found , the module calls your callback .
A typical use looks like :
use Cwd ; use File :: Find ; sub wanted { ... } find ( \&wanted , cwd ( ) ) ;
My favorite part of the documentation for File : : Find is :
The wanted function takes no arguments but rather does its work through a collection of variables .
$ File : : Find : : dir is the current directory name ,
$ _ is the current filename within that directory
$ File : : Find : : name is the complete pathname to the file .
In the fourteen - and - a - half years since the release of File : : Find , many people have questioned the design of an API which uses global variables to send data to a callback function .
( Perl has allowed passing values to functions for over twenty - one years now -- since Perl 1.0 in 1987 . )
Global variables have been a bad idea in programming languages since just about the invention of structured programming .
Yet this was n't fixed in 2000 , when I noticed it .
This wo n't be fixed in 2009 .
Why not ?
In 2000 , the answer was " too much code depends on the existing behavior " .
That was the wrong answer then , and it 's worse now .
Nine years later , even more code depends on the existing behavior .
Entrenched mistakes dig the hole ever deeper .
Over time , it gets more difficult to correct problems -- not easier .
By refusing to make a necessary but backwards - incompatible change , the Perl 5 developers penalized current and future users and continued to penalize existing users , all for the sake of not penalizing an unknown number of existing users no one had surveyed or counted .
Prioritizing the past over the future is a great way to ruin your language 's future .
A lot of people pin their hopes on Perl 6 for a cleanup of the Perl language and its libraries .
I believe the design of Perl 6 improves every part of Perl that it touches .
Yet for all of the care that has gone into Perl 6 and will continue to go into Perl 6 through its twenty - year lifespan , the same subtle temptation will plague every contributor .
Unless its designers , developers , maintainers , and contributors practice the difficult discipline of relentlessly removing misfeatures in favor of cleaner , saner , smarter , and easier to use and to understand replacements , Perl 6 will eventually go the way of Perl 5 : a shining gem of a language buried under accreted muck .
I hope to help wipe away some of the muck of Perl 5 -- but I want to prevent that muck from accumulating in Perl 6 .
Published online 18 February 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.107
News
Access to national database eases search for existing treatments .
India woke up to biopiracy after a turmeric - based cure was patented in the United States .
Punchstock
European patent examiners can now access India 's massive database on traditional remedies in order to ensure that patents are not granted for treatments already used in Indian systems of medicine .
But critics say that the move , which is intended to thwart piracy of traditional knowledge , may backfire .
The controversy centres on the Traditional Knowledge Digital Library , a searchable database of more than 230,000 formulations .
Some 200 researchers took eight years to create the database after scouring ancient texts on Indian systems of medicine — Ayurveda , Unani , Siddha and Yoga — in Hindi , Sanskrit , Arabic , Persian and Urdu .
The database is available in English , Japanese , French , German and Spanish .
Supporters say that the agreement , reached this month with the European Patent Office ( EPO ) in Munich , helps ensure that patents are n't granted for drugs based on traditional knowledge .
" We are trying to establish the claim on traditional cures , " says Vinod Kumar Gupta , the database 's group leader at the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR ) in New Delhi .
India only woke up to biopiracy after an anti-fungal product derived from the native neem tree received a patent in Europe in 1994 , and a turmeric - based cure was patented in the United States in 1995 .
India got both patents revoked after long battles .
The database , jointly owned by the CSIR and India 's Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , was set up to dissuade foreign companies from patenting traditional medicines .
But , with government approval , commercial agreements could be negotiated to make the library available to both foreign and Indian firms in 3 – 4 years time .
Patent potential
The agreement with the EPO marks a new stand on the issue of biopiracy and is less aggressive than that taken by China , which is filing patents on traditional medicines rather than simply trying to avoid unreasonable patenting by others .
But critics say that the deal will make it easier for others to profit from traditional medicines .
Drug multinationals can take leads from the database or tinker with formulations to make them qualify for a patent , says Devinder Sharma , a food - and trade - policy analyst based in New Delhi .
Gupta insists that EPO officers can access the database only to search and examine patents , and that they cannot disclose the information to a third party .
But Palpu Pushpangadan , former director of the CSIR 's National Botanic Research Institute in Lucknow , says that the information is not necessarily secure .
" What is the guarantee that EPO officers will keep it secret ? " he asks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Shamnad Basheer , a patents expert at the National University of Juridical Sciences in Kolkata , says that the database should be made available to private parties — at a cost .
" After all , there is no point in undertaking this massive exercise only to prevent patents , " he says .
" Right now our aim is to ensure that patent offices reject applications on cures contained in the database , " says Gupta .
" We hope that if rejection takes place continuously for two years , companies will stop filing patents and instead take the legitimate route and approach us for access to database on commercial terms . "
The Indian government is now in talks with the United States Patents and Trademark Office for an access agreement similar to the European one .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Many people have sent an email while angry , exhausted , inebriated or just by mistake that they later regretted .
Now , Google has a way to help protect you ( and others ) from such a faux pas .
As part of its quest to attract users to its Gmail service , the Internet search company has introduced dozens of features , including one that , after a certain time , makes a user solve a math problem before sending an email , giving them time to rethink it .
Because Google makes money every time email users click on ads , it is enhancing its email service to increase advertising and take market share away from Yahoo .
Unique visitors to Google ’s sites increased 32 percent worldwide to more than 775 million last year , according to comScore , which tracks such data .
Yahoo had a 16 percent gain to 562.6 million visitors and Microsoft had a 20 percent increase to about 647 million visitors .
Analysts have attributed part of Google ’s visitor growth to email features that are being turned out at a dizzying rate by the company ’s Gmail Labs .
This month , Google introduced a feature to automatically download mail so users can read Gmail offline in a Web browser .
That matches an existing feature in the client version of Microsoft ’s Outlook but when Outlook is accessed from the Internet it does not have that feature .
The off - line mail feature was announced in a press statement , but most other features to Gmail have been introduced more quietly .
Engineers created and posted 34 experimental features in the seven months since Gmail Labs launched in June .
“ They ’re able to improve the products much faster than anyone else , ” said Forrester Research analyst Ted Schadler .
Google 's Gmail is seen in this undated handout image .
REUTERS / Google / handout
Google said those features are for adventurous Gmail users because the rapid addition of them means they may not work smoothly or that they will last .
TESTS , REMINDERS
“ Mail Goggles ” helps users avoid sending regrettable email or Gchat messages , an instant messaging system , by making them pass a simple math test before sending .
Another feature alerts users who forget to upload promised attachments .
And another lets users send free SMS ( short message service ) messages to friends via Gchat .
The new features can be found in “ Labs ” on the main Gmail account page in the upper right corner under “ Settings ” .
Google engineer Dave Cohen took half a day to code an experiment that lets users add a photo next to a friend ’s conversation in a chat window .
It was available for users to try out a few weeks later .
Cohen said it used to be “ hard to take an idea you had and get it out there . ”
Now , he said , Gmail Labs “ has increased our freedom and flexibility , and we can do more at a whim when there ’s something you really want to add . ”
Analysts said the quick roll out of experimental features puts pressure on Yahoo , Time Warner and Microsoft .
Helping to speed development is a “ Send Feedback ” link in each experimental feature that allows users to make suggestions directly to the developer on how to improve it .
“ We did n’t ... have that kind of direct feedback between engineers and users , ” said Keith Coleman , product manager .
“ Now , we have engineers looking at the raw feedback that they are getting . ”
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
Fans of porn star Stormy Daniels are drafting her to run for the U.S. Senate seat in Louisiana now held by Republican Sen. David Vitter .
And it 's no racy gimmick , they say .
Porn star Stormy Daniels , who has no party affiliation , says she 's " always up for a good fight . "
The Draft Stormy Web site says that " 2010 presents the Pelican State with the opportunity to start with a clean slate -- to elect a representative that we can be proud of , who will work tirelessly , and who will challenge the status quo .
We at the Draft Stormy campaign feel that Baton Rouge native Stormy Daniels is best suited to fulfill these duties . "
Vitter is famous -- or infamous -- for his link to the " D.C. Madam , " the woman who ran a prostitution ring .
Elected to the Senate in 2004 , he admitted to " a very serious sin in my past " in July 2007 after his phone number turned up in records of an escort service run by the late Deborah Jeane Palfrey , known as the D.C. Madam .
Running for re-election , Vitter said his wife has forgiven him and is banking on the same sentiment from his constituents .
Will the Draft Stormy move mean stormy weather for Vitter ?
The senator 's office did n't return calls by CNN .
But a spokesman for the state GOP said voters " are concerned with real issues that affect their everyday lives and not with political or publicity stunts . "
The Draft Stormy campaign was started by New Orleans resident and Daniels fan Zack Hudson , who insists it 's for real .
Daniels , 29 , is n't affiliated with a party but is embracing the idea of a possible candidacy .
Watch the adult entertainment star talk about a possible run »
She said she 's planning a " listening tour " around Louisiana to talk about a range of matters , including the economy -- which along with women in business and protection of children are the three issues listed on her Web site .
When told Vitter can be a tough opponent , she said she 's " always up for a good fight . "
" I think anyone that knows me ... is more than aware of that , " Daniels said .
" Politics can't be any dirtier of a job than the one I am already in . "
According to a capsule bio on the Draft Stormy Web site , Daniels has been " breaking barriers and shattering glass ceilings her entire life , " serving as editor of her high school newspaper and president of her school 's 4 - H Club and eventually transferring " her determination and talents to the professional level , becoming a featured performer in the adult entertainment industry . "
Another stride was " signing an exclusive contract with the video production company Wicked Pictures , a company committed to a health and safety first policy , as pertaining to its video performances .
Stormy 's decision to sign with Wicked highlighted her commitment to sending a positive message to young people of the importance of practicing safe sex , " the bio said .
Daniels has directed films for the company , won awards for writing , directing and acting , and has appeared in mainstream films such as " The 40 - Year - Old Virgin . "
" Originally , the focus was n't even about making me as a candidate , " Daniels said .
" I think it was about bringing attention to the Senate race in general .
Then the response was overwhelmingly positive .
And I think everyone is just running with it . "
While her political aspirations may be a light diversion for Louisiana voters , reality will set in if Daniels tangles with Vitter .
Clancy DuBos , political director of the New Orleans alternative newspaper Gambit , said Vitter is a brilliant politician with a campaign war chest worth $ 2 million .
If the Daniels campaign is meant to remind voters of Vitter 's D.C. Madam link , the move could backfire , DuBos said .
" You are going to need someone better than a porn star , or a lap dancer , or a sex worker to nail David Vitter on this , " he said .
" You need a serious opponent who is himself , or herself , not guilty of something like that to say , ' Let 's talk about family values , shall we ? ' "
The Draft Stormy movement said Daniels ' " real world experience and special understanding of the economic hardships facing Louisianans and Americans make her uniquely qualified to take on the tough challenges we face .
" Our grass - roots movement spans the political spectrum and champions Stormy 's philosophy of personal responsibility and the promotion of individual enterprise .
We eschew partisanship and labels , instead judging our leaders on their integrity , character and effectiveness . "
CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .
All About David Vitter • Louisiana • U.S. Senate
* Technically , chimp and gorillas , too , but " monkeys " sounds funnier .
It 's a common theory that , given enough time ( and food ... and ink ribbon ) , a million monkeys on a million typewriters will eventually bang out the works of Shakespeare .
But that only goes for average monkeys .
Round up a few higher - class primates armed with an education and some travel experience , and we would n't be surprised if you got a masterpiece on par with Harry Potter or The Firm .
In fact , the following 10 hot - shot simians might even know enough to assemble a science textbook ; in which case , they 'd definitely need to leave room for a chapter about themselves .
1. Baker & Able
Never send a man to do a female monkey 's job .
That was the logic of the U.s. Army 's Medical Research and Development Department in 1959 when they wanted to gauge the body 's physical response to space travel .
Instead of relying on fit , able - bodied Americans , researchers there turned to two highly patriotic gals named Baker ( a squirrel monkey ) and Able ( a rhesus monkey ) .
On May 28 , the monkeys steeled their nerves , entered the nose cone of a Jupiter AM - 18 missile , and embarked on a suborbital mission into space .
It would take two more years before a human male , cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin , had the guts to attempt the same thing .
During their 15 - minute flight , the simian sidekicks reached speeds of 10,000 mph and soared to an altitude of 300 miles .
For nine minutes , they were weightless .
Even more impressive , they lived to screech about the experience - making them the first two living beings to survive a space flight .
Sadly , life was n't all bananas and back - scratches after the girls returned home .
By the time Baker and Able made the cover of Life magazine on June 15 , Able was dead .
Although her body could withstand forces 38 times the normal force of gravity , she could n't cope with the anesthesia necessary to remove a tiny electrode implanted in her body for the trip .
She died four days after her return to Earth .
Baker , however , spent the rest of her life basking in the glow of celebrity from her specially designed enclosure at the Space and Rocket Center in Huntsville , Ala .
She died in 1984 at the ripe old age of 27 .
2. David Greybeard
Once upon a time , not so long ago , members of the scientific community thought they had the whole evolution thing figured out .
Simply put , humans were smarter than primates because humans made tools .
But , apparently a few chimpanzees at the Gombe Stream Research Center in Tanzania did n't get the memo .
David Greybeard and Jane Goodall .
In 1960 , then - fledling primatologist Jane Goodall was studying Gombe 's wild chimps when she came across an adult male " fishing " for termites by dipping a twig into a hole and feasting on the bugs that clung to the stick .
She named him David Greybeard and began to track him , eventually finding that he ( and other males ) used such tools regularly .
In addition , the chimps would customize their termite twigs by stripping off the leaves and bark layer to help fit the sticks into specific feeding holes .
This was the first documented case of a non -human manufacturing a tool , and it turned the scientific community upside down .
As eminent anthropologist Louis Leakey put it , " Now we must redefine tool , redefine man , or accept chimpanzees as humans . "
3. Oliver
If David Greybeard blurred the line between humans and chimpanzees by fishing for termites , you can imagine all the evolutionary issues raised when a chimp named Oliver started mixing his own Highballs .
Oliver was a bald - headed , Spock - eared chimpanzee that , besides playing bartender , also walked on two legs , used a toilet , and loved watching TV .
For most of his life , Oliver 's various trainers paraded him around at carnivals and on television shows as a freak .
But things changed for Oliver in 1975 .
A Manhattan lawyer who caught his act decided the chimp was so human - like that he just might be the elusive " missing link " between man and beast and put Oliver through a battery of scientific tests to prove it .
Sure enough , an exam conducted in Japan indicated that oliver had 47 chromosomes - more than a human's 46 , and less than a chimp 's 48 .
The results were more than enough to get the press and the public excited .
When subsequent exams proved inconclusive , though , the American media lost interest .
But in 1996 , researchers test Oliver again .
This time , they definitively concluded that he had 48 chromosomes , making him all chimp .
He was n't the missing link after all , but scientists still concede that he probably was the Albert Einstein of chimpanzees .
4. Hellion
You 've probably wanted a " helper monkey " ever since you saw Mojo drinking beer on the couch with Homer Simpson .
Unfortunately , it 's pretty hard to get one in real - life .
But bear in mind , the fantasy would n't exist at all if it were n't for hellion , the first monkey trained to lend humans a helping hand ( and tail ) .
Hellion with owner Robert Foster
In 1977 , educational psychologist Mary Joan Willard started training capuchins - small , dexterous tree monkeys commonly seen with people such as organ grinders and David Schwimmer - to assist disabled humans .
Just two years later , Willard placed her first trainee , Hellion , with a quadriplegic named Robert Foster , and it proved a startling success .
In fact , the pair is still together today .
using a mouth - operated laser , Foster is able to point out what he wants Hellion to do .
The monkey 's tasks range from combing Foster 's hair to locking the doors to operating the stereo .
Hellion is even able to clean the house using a tiny vacuum .
Today , Hellion is a role model for other simian aides .
At the 6,000 - square - foot Helping Hands training center in Boston , young capuchins attended classes five to six times a week for a full year before receiving their first assignments .
To date , the institute has placed more than 93 monkeys with disabled clients .
5. " Nim " Chimpsky
After David Greybeard proved that chimps could make tools , scientists scrambled to establish another dividing line between man and primate .
This time , they decreed it to be the use of language .
One avid proponent of the new theory was Noam Chomsky , renowned linguist at MIT .
Chomsky derided trainers for attempting to teach sign language to primates and insisted that only the human mind is capable of grasping the complexities of language syntax .
Nim Chimpsky .
Naturally , zoologist around the world became eager to prove him wrong .
Enter Neam Chimpsky ( " Nim " for short ) , the chimpanzee designed to be a stiff middle finger to the doubtful Chomsky .
In the mid 1970s , trainers did everything they could to teach American Sign Language to Nim , but the chimp only mastered 125 signs .
Apparently , his lingual development was sabotaged by his own one - track mind .
his most advanced utterance was , " Give orange me give eat orange me eat orange give me eat orange give me you . "
Nim might have failed to grasp the concepts of syntax and sentence structure , but he was n't a total disappointment .
Turns out , Nim was a decent abstract artist .
Working mostly with a mix of magic markers and crayons , he produced works of art that critics describe as childlike and playful .
He would often work for weeks in one color , then switch to another , allowing his drawings to highlight the transition between phases .
Nim died in 2000 .
Today , his portfolio of roughly 200 drawings is valued at $ 25,000 .
6. Koko
Noam Chomsky did n't get long to bask in the glory of Nim Chimpsky 's failures .
In 1972 , Stanford graduate student Francine Patterson began teaching American Sign Language to a female lowland gorilla named Koko .
In only a few weeks , she was making the correct signs for food and drink .
Known as the world 's first " speaking " gorilla , Koko currently boasts a vocabulary of more than 1,000 signs and understand roughly 2,000 spoken words .
She still struggles with the occasional word , though .
Unfortunately , one of them happens to be " people , " which she tends to substitute with " nipple , " thus explaining how she became the defendant in a sexual harassment case against some caretakers a few months back ( seriously ) .
When not signing or pushing the envelope of political incorrectness , Koko enjoys playing on her computer .
In 1998 , she even logged onto America Online and fielded questions from the public through an interpreter .
During that chat , fans were able to learn what pet Koko would like to have ( " dog " ) , the first - hand gossip on what she thought about the male gorilla brought in to be her mate ( " frown bad bad bad " ) , and what a 310 - pound gorilla really wants ( " candy , give me " ) .
But such mindless banter clearly was n't enough to hold the attention of a genius gorilla .
Koko soon grew bored with the chat ( calling it " obnoxious " ) and wandered off to play with her dolls .
7. Kanzi
So you think you 're special because you taught you simian sign language ?
Before you go and register the little guy in any big talent shows , be prepared to put your monkey where your mouth is .
In the 1980s , researchers at Georgia State University began studying the bonobo chimpanzees ' ability to understand and mimic human language .
They started out with a bonobo trainee named Matata , but even after several years , they were n't able to make much headway with her .
Matata 's adopted baby son Kanzi , however , was a different story .
Turns out , the young chimp picked up quite bit ( more than his mommy , certainly ) by accompanying Matata to " school " every day .
In 2002 , researchers began noticing that Kanzi was able to express his needs using four distinct sounds that corresponded to specific objects or commands ( banana , juice , grapes , and yes ) .
While this particular brand of beat poetry is n't necessarily stimulating , the very suggestion that primates employ an audible " language " is a direct affront to the linguistic experts who claim they do n't have the marbles to do so .
Sue Savage - Rumbaugh and Kanzi .
Besides accomplishing the academic kiss - off " Nim " Chimpsky could only dream about , Kanzi has established himself a true primate prodigy .
In addition to " bonobo , " he understands between 2,000 and 3,000 spoken words in English .
He even communicates with his tutor , psychologist Sue Savage - Rumbaugh , by punching abstract symbols on a special keyboard .
While most Americans still can't bring themselves to learn a second language , Kanzi is now dabbling in three .
8. Indah and Azy
While chimpanzees and gorillas are puttering about in English classes , orangutan siblings Azy and Indah are working on something more akin to studying for the LSAT .
At the Smithsonian Institution 's National Zoo exhibit , the " Think Tank , " primates are taught to practice more abstract ways of thinking , often working with logic puzzles and communicating via symbols .
Indah , for instance , learned to combine symbols representing verbs and nouns to create simple commands , such as " open bag . "
She was also a ( relative ) math whiz , having mastered the numbers one , two , and three .
Before her death in 2004 , her trainers were well on their way to teaching her how to assign numerical values to objects - the first step in monetary exchange .
( She was so close to being able to go shoe shopping ! )
While less left - brained than his sister , Azy is no simian slacker .
He 's mastered counterintuitive thinking , something chimpanzees ( supposedly the smarter species ) can't do .
For example , trainers can present
Azy with two bowls of grapes ; and although his first inclination is to grab the one with more grub , he 's now learned that picking the bowl with fewer grapes will get him a bigger reward .
9. Tetra2
Tetra2 can't speak , she can't do math , she does n't known sign language , and ( trust us on this one ) you wo n't get her within 20 feet of a space shuttle .
But Tetra2 can claim something the other monkeys on this list can't :
She 's a clone .
In 1999 , scientists at the Oregon Regional Primate Research Center split eight - cell rhesus embryos into four identical two - cell clones and implanted 13 of them into surrogate mothers .
Four of the monkeys got pregnant , but only one of the babies , Tetra2 , survived .
For the first time , the seemingly impossible dream of every government on Earth ( to own an army of genetically identical monkeys , of course ) was within reach .
As an added bonus , using cloned monkeys as identical subjects for medical experiments removes the genetic variables , meaning more accurate results .
The scientific ramifications are potentially enormous ... but we still prefer to focus on the monkey army .
10 . Brachiator III
Speaking of monkey armies , robotics wizard Dr. Toshio Fukuda and his crack team of researchers at Nagoya University in Japan have clearly forgotten the key theme of science - fiction : the annihilation of human life at the hands of a vengeful machine .
Their invention , an intelligent robotic monkey with the super tough nickname Brachiator III has trouble written all over it .
The faux ape represents two huge steps toward a fully functioning humanoid .
Its unique frame , modeled from a gibbon ape 's skeleton , houses 14 motors that allow it to move every joint , making it capable of life - like movement .
Dr. Fukuda also sees Brachiator III as a monumental advancement in artificial intelligence .
Using a complex vision system an external computer brain , the metal monkey can actually make decisions about what movements to make and where to make them .
It can even learn from its mistakes .
If Brachiator III misses a bar while swinging round the jungle gym , its brain makes adjustments for the next attempt .
But do n't worry about hordes of invading pseudo - simians just yet .
For now , a cumbersome external battery limits Brachiator 's environment to its jungle gym .
It 'll have to wait until a smaller , more lightweight power source has been developed before it can learn to walk ... and , of course , destroy .
__________
The article above was written by Craig Tenbroeck for the May - June 2005 issue of mental_floss magazine - it is featured on Neatorama in partnership with mental_floss .
Be sure to check out mental_floss ' fantastic website and blog :
Pork Bailout Bill Could Ban Guns For Millions Of Americans
Ask your Senators to oppose HR 1
“ HR 1 is about more than just pork .
Millions of gun owners stand to lose their gun rights without any due process . ” — Larry Pratt , GOA Executive Director
Washington , DC – The Obama administration is putting a lot of pressure on Congress to slam through the most recent $ 800 + billion bailout package before anyone has an opportunity to read it .
The Obama administration intones that the details are unimportant .
The only thing that matters is the “ bigness . ”
And , by shipping a bill of nearly $ 900 billion ( plus interest ) to our children and grandchildren , the package is really , really big — bigger , in fact , than the budget of our entire government for the first 170 years of our country 's existence .
But now that some of the details are finally starting to leak out of Washington , Gun Owners — and a lot of other analysts — are beginning to look at the fine print .
And some of it is particularly scary .
Of particular concern to gun owners are sections 13101 through 13434 of HR 1 , which would set up the infrastructure to computerize the medical records of ALL AMERICANS in a government - coordinated database .
True , the bill does n't mandate that the data will be in a giant computer under the Oval Office .
But it does mandate that your medical records be reduced to a computerized form which is available to it in a second .
This it would do by establishing a National Coordinator for Health Information Technology — tasked with , among other things , “ providing information to help guide medical decisions at the time and place of care . ”
It should be scary enough that a government bureaucrat is directed by statute to try to influence your doctor 's decisions with respect to your medical care .
But of even greater concern to gun owners is the fact that a government - coordinated database ( which government can freely access ) will now contain all records of government - provided and private psychiatric treatment — including , in particular , the drugs which were prescribed .
Remember last year 's “ NICS Improvement Act ” — otherwise known as the Veterans Disarmament Act ?
This law codified ATF 's attempts to make you a prohibited person on the basis of a government psychiatrist 's finding that you are a “ danger ” — without a finding by any court .
Well , roughly 150,000 battle - scarred veterans have already been unfairly stripped of their gun rights by the government .
But people who , as kids , were diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder … or seniors with Alzheimer 's … or police with Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder … or people who are now theoretically covered by the new law … these people have , generally , not suffered the consequences of its sanctions — YET .
And the chief reason is that their records are not easily available to the government in a central , easily retrievable , computerized form .
The bailout bill would change all of that .
It would push increasingly hard to force your private psychiatrist or government - sanctioned psychiatrist to turn over your psychiatric records to a massive database .
This would be mandated immediately if your doctor does business with the government .
This would supposedly save Medicare money in connection with medical treatment .
And , the sponsors insist , they would work very hard to protect your privacy .
But this turns the concept of “ privacy ” on its head .
The privacy which is MOST important is privacy from the prying eyes of government — not privacy of government data against the prying eyes of others .
After all , many government data bases have been hacked in recent years , with mountains of information stolen .
So , once the government has access to these computerized psychiatric records , the stage will be set for using that database to take away the gun rights of those with Alzheimer 's , those with ADD , and those with PTSD .
ACTION : Write your two senators .
Urge them to vote against the bailout bill ( HR 1 ) until it is stripped of provisions which would turn your psychiatric records over to a central government - coordinated database against your will — without you getting your day in court .
You can go to the Gun Owners Legislative Action Center at http://www.gunowners.org/activism.htm to send your Senators the pre-written e-mail message below .
— – Prewritten Letter — – Dear Senator : I am particularly concerned about sections 13101 through 13434 of the new bailout bill ( HR 1 ) .
These sections would set up the infrastructure to computerize the medical records of ALL AMERICANS in a government - coordinated database , including psychiatric records .
It is scary enough that a government bureaucrat is directed by statute to try to influence my doctor 's decisions with respect to my medical care .
But of even greater concern to gun owners is the fact that a government - coordinated database will now contain all records of government - provided and private psychiatric treatment .
Last year 's “ NICS Improvement Act ” codified ATF 's attempts to make a person a prohibited person on the basis of a government psychiatrist 's finding that he is a “ danger ” — without a finding by any court .
Well , roughly 150,000 battle - scarred veterans have already been unfairly stripped of their gun rights by the government .
Now , this new government - coordinated database threatens the gun rights of people who , as kids , were diagnosed with Attention Deficit Disorder … seniors with Alzheimer 's … police with Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder … and many other law - abiding Americans .
Please vote against cloture on HR 1 until this provision is removed .
Sincerely , ****************************
Gun Owners of America
8001 Forbes Place , Suite 102
Springfield , VA 22151
Phone : 703-321-8585
FAX : 703-321-8408
www.gunowners.org
A hapless thief drilled his way into a French bank at the weekend , but missed the safe and instead found himself in a lavatory where he was promptly arrested , a French newspaper reported on Sunday .
The 21 - year - old broke into a building adjoining a branch of Banque Populaire in the Mediterranean port city of Marseille in the early hours of Saturday morning , La Provence newspaper said .
The paper said the man , who came from Belgium and was not named , thought that he was going to end up in a room housing safe deposit boxes but instead drilled into the lavatories .
Alarms were triggered when he broke through the wall and police caught the man when they arrived on the scene .
Published in : smileys
While most people believe that Scott Fahlman was the first person to suggest the use of :-) symbol for representing a smiley face , Times has stumbled upon an old speech of Abraham Lincoln that contains a sequence of characters which look very similar to what we now refer to as an emoticon .
As you may seen in the screenshot , the transcript of this 1862 speech delivered by Lincoln contains the characters ” ; ) ” immediately after the word laughter .
If these characters were meant to represent a smiling face , it will definitely push back the the birth of emoticons by more than a century .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
high - resolution images : 1979 ( 1.2 MB JPEG )
2003 ( 1.2 MB JPEG )
According to a new NASA study , Arctic perennial sea ice has been decreasing at a rate of 9 percent per decade since the 1970s .
The changes in Arctic ice may be a harbinger of global climate change , says Josefino Comiso , researcher at Goddard Space Flight Center , in Greenbelt , Maryland .
In a recent Journal of Climate paper , Comiso notes that most of the recent global warming occurred over the last decade , with the largest temperature increase occurring over North America .
Researchers suspect the loss of Arctic sea ice may be caused by changing atmospheric pressure patterns over the Arctic that move sea ice around , and by warming Arctic temperatures that result from the buildup of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
( Click to read the NASA press release . )
The image above shows a comparison of composites over the Arctic Circle , acquired in 1979 ( top ) and 2003 ( bottom ) by the DMSP Special Sensor Microwave Imager ( SSMI ) .
The first image shows the minimum sea ice concentration for the year 1979 , and the second image shows the minimum sea ice concentration in 2003 .
NASA GSFC Scientific Visualization Studio
From quirky to downright weird , a guide to the most unusual places to stay around the world , featuring the world 's best spaceship treehouses , ice suites , underwater hotels and glass igloos .
InterContinental Shanghai Wonderland
The space - age InterContinental Shanghai Wonderland hotel trickles down the scarped slopes of an abandoned quarry , and jumps out in a city better known for its rising skyscrapers .
It has been labelled the world 's first underground five - star resort – and the bottom two floors sit underwater .
Expect waterfall views from each room ( except for the submerged spaces , where schools of fish will float past instead ) .
Read more : Shanghai 's newest luxury hotel – built into the side of a quarry
Violent deaths were as common in Mexico as in Iraq in 2008 .
Almost 6,000 people were shot , decapitated or otherwise " disappeared " and over 700 kidnapped in the escalating battle between drug traffickers .
The carnage is particularly severe in border cities like Juárez , where the death toll has reached 1,607 .
On Mexico 's independence day , men apparently linked to drug cartels threw a pair of grenades into a festive crowd , killing eight and maiming dozens .
In its last days in office , the Bush administration came to the drastic conclusion that Mexico may soon become a failed state .
The Joint Forces Command has compared Mexico to Pakistan , arguing that both may be on the verge of a " rapid and sudden collapse " [ pdf ] .
General Barry McCaffrey , a former Army chief under Bush , organised a high level , semi-secret strategy meeting in December where he presented a report that claims that " Mexico is on the edge of the abyss — it could become a narco - state in the coming decade " .
Paradoxically , these grim prognostications are frequently accompanied by a blind faith in Mexico´s president Felipe Calderón .
Columnists and news reports view the increase in violence as an indication of the effectiveness of the government 's strategy , which has provoked gangs to fight amongst themselves and to take revenge on the government .
The US Congress has supported Calderón with its Merida Initiative of June 2008 .
This committed $ 1.4bn of military assistance to Mexico and Central America , on the theory that high - tech helicopters and listening devices can solve the problem .
Both the exaggerated claims about the possible collapse of the Mexican state and the naïve confidence in the Calderón administration are mistaken .
The Mexican drug cartels have no interest in taking over the government .
Mexico is fundamentally different from Colombia or Afghanistan , where politics and ideology are at the centre of the agenda .
Mexican drug traffickers are not terrorists or radical leftists , but savvy ( and heavily armed ) businessmen who corrupt government officials in order to maintain a positive " investment climate " .
The rising tide of violence is a response to the failures of the Calderón administration .
It has relied on empty public displays of force , without developing sophisticated intelligence and strategic planning against the drug cartels .
Calderón has ordered the military onto the streets .
He has paraded suspected criminals before television screens .
He has created an abstract national pact , which fails to include specific benchmarks or indicators of success .
This grandstanding has been entirely ineffective .
According to a recent independent study , only 17 % of suspects arrested for drug offences were actually brought to court in 2008 .
Only a third of these were actually convicted .
Calderón 's strategy has also led to serious human rights violations .
Both Human Rights Watch and Mexico's Human Rights Ombudsman have strongly criticised the Mexican government for the systematic violation of basic civil rights .
Perhaps the most important problem is the endemic corruption of Mexico 's public security apparatus .
A series of high level officials have been accused of receiving substantial bribes from drug traffickers .
This includes the recent head of the special office for combating organised crime , and the last two chiefs of the Interpol office in Mexico .
Nevertheless , no one has been convicted and most of the alleged criminals probably will walk free since the cases are based exclusively on the declarations of " protected witnesses " without corroboration by independent investigations .
The US is also directly responsible for violence in Mexico .
Drug users in the US provide the money to corrupt government officials in Mexico , while the drug cartels purchase almost all of their weapons north of the Rio Grande .
The treatment of addicts and stricter gun control in the US would be an important part of the solution .
If the Obama administration is serious about turning the page on its relations with Latin America , it should reassess President Bush 's unthinking support of the Calderón administration .
Obama should recognise that there are many more effective allies in Mexican civil society - such as watchdog groups , journalists and scholars - and reach out to them in an effort to consolidate democracy in North America .
It also would n't hurt to take radical measures to stem the southward flow of weapons and reduce drug consumption in the US .
I do n't know what I 'm looking at but I never want to see it again .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
A line that is supposed to open a soldier ’s parachute gets snagged during an Self - Defense Forces training exercise yesterday in Hokkaido .
The situation was resolved when the helicopter slowly descended and allowed the soldier , who was a member of the GSDF ’s elite 1st Airborne Brigade , to cut the line and fall safely to the ground .
He suffered a bloody nose , but was otherwise okay .
The SDF is investigating the cause of the accident .
December 30
What a Day
Malcolm X
Cyprus
The Europeans
Larnaca , Cyprus
President - elect
Palestinian people
Israel
, 2008 : OhI 'm so glad that my father told me to buy a special notebook and to write everything down because that 's exactly what I did .
When we left from Cyprus , one reporter asked me " are you afraid ? "
And I had to respond thatwas n't afraid ; Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. was n't afraid .
But little did I know that just a few hours later , I would be recollecting my life and mentally preparing myself for death .
When we left , the Mediterranean was beautiful .
I remember the time when it might have been beautiful to look at , but it was also filthy .
have taken great strides to clean it up and yesterday , it was beautiful .
And the way the sunlight hit the sea , I remember thinking to myself that 's why they call it azure .
It was the most beautiful blue .
But sometimes it was rough , and we got behind on our schedule .
We stayed on course , however , despite the roughness of the water and due to our exquisite captain .
There were no other ships or boats around us and night descended upon us all rather quickly .
It was the darkest black and suddenly , out of nowhere , came searchlights disturbing our peace .
The searchlights stayed with us for about half an hour or so .
We knew they were Israeli ships .
Who else would they be ?
They were fast , and they would come close and then drop back .
And then , they 'd come close again .
And then , all of a sudden there was complete blackness once again and all seemed right .
The cat and mouse game went on for at least one half hour .
What were they doing ?
And why ?
Calm again .
Black sky , black sea .
Peace .
And then , at that very moment , when all seemed right , out of nowhere we were rammed and rammed again and rammed again the last one throwing me off the couch , sending all our food up in the air ; and all the plastic bags and tubs -- evidence of sea sicknesses among the crew and passengers -- flew all over the cabin and all over us .
We 'd been rammed by the Israelis .
How did we know ?
Because they called us on the phone afterwards to tell us that we were engaging in subversive , terroristic activity .
And if that if we did n't turn around right then and return to , we would be fired upon .
We quickly grabbed our lifevests and put them on .
Then the captain announced that the boat was taking on water .
We might have to evacuate .
One of my mates told me to prepare to die .
And I reflected that I have lived a good and full life .
I have tasted freedom and know what it is .
I was right with myself and my decision to join the Free Gaza movement .
I remembered my father 's parting words , " You all will be sitting ducks . "
Just like the U.S.S. Liberty .
We were engaged in peaceful activity , a harmless pleasure boat , carrying a load of hospital supplies for the people of Gaza , who , too are sitting ducks , currently being bombarded in aerial assault by the Israeli military .
It 's been a long day for us .
The captain was outstanding .
Throughout it all , he remained stoic and calm , effective in every way .
I did n't know how to put my life jacket on .
One of the passengers kindly assisted me .
Another of the passengers pointed out that the Israeli motors for those huge , fast boats was U.S. made -- a gift to them from the U.S.
And now they were using those motors to damage a pleasure boat outfitted with three tons of hospital supplies , one pediatrician , and two surgeons .
I have called forObama to say something .
Thein the Gaza strip are seeing the worst violence in 60 years , it is being reported .
To date , President - elect Obama has remained silent .
The Israelis are using weapons supplied to them by the U.S. government .
Strict enforcement of U.S. law would require the cessation of all weapons transfers to .
Adherence to international law would require the same .
As we are about to celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. 's birthday , let us remember that he said : 1 . The United States is the greatest purveyor of violence in the world , and2 .
Our lives begin to end the day we remain silent about things that matter .
I implore the President - elect to not send Congress a budget that contains more weapons for Israel .
We have so much more to offer .
And I implore the Congress to vote " no " on any budget and appropriation bills that provide more weapons transfers , period .
Israel is able to carry out these intense military maneuvers because taxpayers in the U.S. give their hard - earned money to our Representatives in Congress and our Congress chooses to spend that money in this way .
Let 's stop it and stop it now .
There 's been too much blood shed .
And while we still walk among the living , let us not remain silent about the things that matter .
We really can promote peace and have it if we demand it of our leaders .
The all - party Beer Group of MPs is sometimes dismissed as a mere vehicle for Westminster conviviality .
But no fewer than five ministers from five Whitehall departments have signed up to attend its " summit on the UK pub crisis " next Wednesday .
They would n't have bothered a year ago .
What 's going on ?
Quite a lot .
Pubs are closing at the rate of five a day , faster than ever , and closing for a whole host of reasons , putting another 40,000 jobs - 40,000 may already have gone - at risk .
Even politicians who do n't spend a lot of time in them have noticed .
The Beer Group 's chairman , Selby 's John Grogan , is Labour and this week the sports minister , Gerry Sutcliffe , joined a pub seminar at the ippr thinktank in wine bar country .
But they 're all at it .
The official Tory website sports a " Save the Great British Pub " logo and Lib Dem MP Greg Mulholland is spearheading a new campaign .
" It 's quite significant that five ministers are willing to come along .
But the reason that politicians are picking up on this issue is that pubs have become 2009 's post office , one of the ingredients a community needs to be viable , " says Rob Hayward , ex-MP ( Tory ) turned head of the British Beer and Pub Association .
The Beer Group 's inquiry urged help for local or " community pubs " in current argot .
But what can the politicians do or , at least as important , stop doing to help rescue pubs ?
Hayward stresses two goals : to reverse the 9 % rise in beer duty , plus an RPI - plus - 2 % escalator imposed in Alistair Darling 's 2008 budget and to lay off excess regulation like the extra £ 300 m worth of costs ( the Home Office 's own impact assessment ) in the latest Policing and Crime bill .
The Tory campaign has a similar focus ( so do trades unions ) , which rejects swingeing tax hikes to tackle binge drinking in favour of recognition that social drinking in wholesome pubs is the best way to curb excess .
Banning cynical supermarket loss - leaders , four - packs for 90 p and so on , would help .
Gerry Sutcliffe told the Institute for Public Policy Research , which is writing its own pubs report , that he needs its help in winning Whitehall battles for less punitive policies .
But his officials admit they can't buck market forces if people prefer to drink at home , watching TV .
Pubs must adapt , as many already have , with family friendly food .
Cinemas have managed to bounce back .
But pubs are squeezed from many directions : greedy , indebted pub companies ( the product of a Tory market " reform " ) which gouge their profits ;
Whitehall restrictions imposed on health grounds , notably the smoking ban ; fresh curbs on vending machines ; and anti-booze campaigns .
The Treasury needs tax receipts , the Home Office wants to stop late - night rowdies and further reduce drink - driving .
So Sutcliffe 's best bet for a Whitehall ally is Hazel Blears 's department of communities and local government , which is keen to foster the pub as a multi- purpose community asset .
It matters even more to The Bull in Ambridge than it does to the Rover 's Return .
So I ’ve just received an N96 from Nokia ’s WOM World .
I ’ll be reporting in more detail over the next week or two ; in the meantime here are my first impressions of this flagship device …
The Good :
Two Finnish innovations make setting up an unlocked Nokia device easier than ever before :
While Nokia Canada ’s handy Configurator Service no longer seems to work it ’s also no longer necessary — a handy wizard for Operator Settings is now included , at least on the N96 .
Firmware updates can now be downloaded and installed directly on the handset !
Even better , the user ’s installed apps and data are preserved through the process .
The Bad :
This one took me by surprise …
It honestly feels like there ’s some loose plastic film underneath the D - Pad of my handset .
I ’m not sure if it has anything to do with Nokia scrapping the navi - wheel functionality on this particular button or if it ’s a production hiccup unique to my particular unit .
Either way , if I paid the going price for a new N96 — about $ 1000 CAD last time I checked — I ’d feel , well …
I guess I ’d feel like this .
The Ugly :
After two resets , a firmware update , another reset , a mass memory format and an erase & reinstall I am entirely unable to launch N - Gage on my N96 .
As far as know the two are compatible — see this mobile - ized N - Gage download page for proof — and there is also some evidence that other users are experiencing this problem .
But if Nokia ’s flagship multimedia device can’t run the company ’s own in - house gaming platform it makes it pretty difficult for me not to give it a failing grade right out of the box .
Anybody out there have any ideas ?
Gender warriors are not wasting any time in 2009 .
Two pieces of falsely titled “ gender equity ” legislation , the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and the Paycheck Fairness Act , are set to be the first votes of the new House .
Both bills are touted as protecting “ equal pay ” but , in reality , do nothing of the sort .
The Equal Pay Act of 1963 already requires equal pay for equal work .
So , whenever modern day politicians use the term , something else is usually afoot .
The recent push for pay equity is no different .
Both pieces of legislation have popped up before .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act passed the House in the last Congress , but was never sent to the Senate floor .
The premise of the legislation is that American workplaces are systematically hostile to women and that the government must therefore intervene to provide more protection for women .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act would take significant steps toward the idea of “ comparable worth , ” aka government intervention ( rather than market mechanisms such as supply and demand ) in determining salary levels for different jobs to ensure “ fairness . ”
Under the bill , the Department of Labor would issue guidelines that compare the wages of different jobs to give employers an idea of what is considered a fair wage .
It would also subject employers to unlimited compensatory and punitive damages , even for unintentional pay disparities .
As if that does n’t leave employers vulnerable enough , the bill would also prevent employers from defending differences in pay as based on factors other than sex ( for example , productivity , years in the workforce , education level , etc. ) .
In other words , the bill is a trial lawyer ’s dream come true .
The potential for costly litigation is endless , which is likely to raise the cost of employment and discourage workplace flexibility , both of which are bad news for women .
Another bill inviting lawsuit abuse is the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act , which passed the House in the last Congress , but was blocked by a Republican filibuster in the Senate .
The bill ’s namesake , Lilly Ledbetter , gained notoriety when she lost her equal pay case against Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co. before the Supreme Court .
Ledbetter lost her case due to statutory timing limits , and the bill seeks to extend those statutory limits for future pay equity cases ( giving employees more time to file a suit for wage discrimination ) .
Maybe the current standard does n't give people enough time to file suit – that is an issue on which there could be a healthy debate .
But surely there should be a reasonable limit to dredging up old grievances .
The Fair Pay
Act would so dramatically expand the statute of limitations that companies could face suits over pay decisions made forty years ago , with relevant employees long since moved on .
A company should n’t have to face lawsuits about those decisions – there is simply too much room for abuse .
Politicians invariably point to the existence of the “ wage gap ” in pushing for these , and other gender equity bills .
Women earn just 77 cents for every dollar a man earns , they say .
In their view , this proves discrimination and justifies government intervention .
However , a closer look at the wage gap reveals a much different picture .
That much - cited statistic simply compares the wages of the median full - time working man and the median full - time working woman .
It tells us nothing about the existence or non-existence of wage discrimination .
The wage gap ignores a myriad of other relevant factors including education level , years in the workforce , and type of occupation .
Once these other factors are taken into account , the wage gap shrinks .
So should we really be basing policy decisions on a simple statistic that does n’t take into account relevant information ?
To do so hardly seems prudent .
Both the Paycheck Fairness Act and the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay
Act are touted as key to advancing women ’s rights , but in reality do little to help women .
Instead they would raise the cost of employment and discourage workplace flexibility – precisely what women do n’t want .
Let ’s hope our representatives will look beyond the political rhetoric of gender equity and reject these egregious proposals .
I shot blindfolded Iraqi prisoner at point - blank range , confesses U.S. soldier
A U.S. soldier confessed to military investigators that he shot a bound and blindfolded Iraqi prisoner point - blank in the back of the head , according to a video played at his murder trial today .
Sgt Michael Leahy , 28 , told the Germany - based investigators that after shooting the first prisoner , he turned his 9 mm pistol on another captive .
‘ The detainee I shot fell back on me , ’ he said in the videotape of the January 2008 interrogation played at his trial in the Army 's Rose Barracks ' courtroom .
Reconciliation : A U.S. soldier plays soccer with a boy in Bayji , 250 km ( 180 miles ) from Baghdad , in November 2007 .
Six months earlier , relations with Iraqis were far less peaceful
‘ I turned to the right and saw the other detainee flinch , and turn his head after he heard the shot .
My weapon was pointed toward him , my weapon was anywhere from a foot to a couple of inches away .
I hit him in the side of the head , the face , anywhere from the ear forward . ’
But the shot did n't kill the second man , so Master Sgt John Hatley , 40 , finished him off with a shot to the chest , Leahy said .
‘ I'm ashamed of what I 've done , ’ he said in the video , occasionally wiping tears from his eyes and holding his face in his hands .
‘ I do n't consider myself a murderer .
I made a huge mistake .
I 'll accept the consequences . ’
Leahy has pleaded not guilty to charges of premeditated murder , conspiracy to commit premeditated murder and obstruction of justice in the deaths of a total of four Iraqi prisoners , who were dumped in a Baghdad canal in 2007 after they were killed .
Leahy is also being tried for the alleged murder of another Iraqi who was shot while in his care as a medic in January of 2007 .
The Illinois man faces a possible life in prison and dishonourable discharge if convicted .
Six soldiers including Leahy are accused of involvement in the slaying of the four prisoners sometime between March 10 and April 16 , 2007 .
All were with the 1st Battalion , 18th Infantry Regiment , 2nd Brigade of the 1st Infantry Division in Iraq , which is now part of the Germany - based 172nd Infantry Brigade .
Leahy , Hatley and Sgt 1st Class Joseph Mayo , 27 , are accused of pulling the trigger .
According to testimony at the court - martial , which began Tuesday , at least four Iraqis were taken into custody in spring 2007 after a shootout with a patrol that included five other accused soldiers .
The prisoners were taken to the U.S. unit 's operating base in Baghdad for questioning and processing though there was n't enough evidence to hold them for attacking the unit .
Later that night patrol members took the Iraqis to a remote area and shot them in retribution for the attacks against the unit , according to testimony .
Three soldiers are scheduled for later courts - martial .
Sgt Charles Quigley , 28 , of Providence , Rhode Island , faces one charge of conspiracy to commit premeditated murder .
Mayo and Hatley are charged with premeditated murder , conspiracy to commit premeditated murder , and obstruction of justice .
In November 2010 the UK Prime Minister announced that subjective well - being will be measured at the national level
This week saw the inaugural meeting of the first ever UK All - Party Parliamentary Group on Wellbeing Economics .
The BBC home affairs editor Mark Easton has made the ‘ fascinating National Accounts of Well - being site ’ the topic of his blog for a second time .
Since the launch of the report and the website last Saturday , nef ‘s proposal for National Accounts of Well - being has been receiving plenty of attention from the media .
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) - A copyright test case involving one of the world ’s biggest free file - sharing websites that could help music and film companies recoup millions of dollars in lost revenues started on Monday in Stockholm .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Four men linked to The Pirate Bay were charged early last year by a Swedish prosecutor with conspiracy to break copyright law and related offences .
Companies including Warner Bros. , MGM , Columbia Pictures , 20th Century Fox Films , Sony BMG , Universal and EMI are also asking for damages of more than 100 million crowns ( $ 12 million ) to cover lost revenues .
Sites like The Pirate Bay allow people to download songs , movies and computer games without paying and the trial is being closely watched to see to what extent the entertainment industry can protect copyright against Internet users .
“ This is not a political trial , it ’s not about shutting down a people ’s library and it ’s not a trial that wants to prohibit file sharing as a technique , ” said Monique Wadsted , a lawyer representing Warner Brothers , Columbia , MGM and other major media and computer games companies .
“ It ’s a trial regarding four individuals that have conducted a big commercial business making money out of others file sharing ... copyright protected works . ”
The accused -- Peter Sunde , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , Fredrik Neij and Carl Lundstrom -- denied the charges .
The group that controls The Pirate Bay , launched in 2003 , says that since no copyrighted material is stored on its servers and no exchange of files actually takes place there , they can not be held responsible for what material is being exchanged .
The prosecution says that by financing , programing and administering the site , the four men promoted the infringement of property rights by the site ’s users .
The trial could last as long as three weeks and the four accused face up to two years in jail if convicted .
BART cop recalled as ' gentle giant ' as a kid THE BART SHOOTING
The BART police officer who shot and killed an unarmed man on a station platform on New Year 's Day had lived a quiet , unremarkable life without apparent troubles before videos of the shooting hit the national airwaves .
Johannes Mehserle , 27 , resigned from the BART police force Wednesday , avoiding an interview with internal affairs investigators who were trying to obtain his statement about why he shot Oscar Grant as the 22 - year - old supermarket worker lay facedown at the Fruitvale Station in Oakland .
Mehserle , who grew up in the city of Napa , was a 2000 graduate of New Technology High School there and a 2006 graduate of Napa Valley College Criminal Justice Training Center .
Until recently , he lived with his girlfriend in Lafayette .
She recently gave birth to their first child .
Mehserle had worked for the BART police for about two years .
According to a family friend , Mehserle 's parents have left their home in Napa because of death threats stemming from the BART incident .
Napa County Supervisor Bill Dodd told the Napa Valley Register that he has known the Mehserle family since Johannes Mehserle was a youngster who played basketball for St. John the Baptist Catholic School .
Dodd coached the boy on an all - star basketball team that traveled to Minnesota for a tournament .
" Johannes ' family was always there at his side cheering him on , " Dodd told the newspaper , adding that Johannes was bigger than the other players .
" I called him the gentle giant , " Dodd said .
" He is a very kind , caring and gentle person . "
Dodd described the BART incident as devastating for Johannes and his family .
" Both families have suffered , " he said .
" One has lost a loved one , and Johannes will have to face what happened every day of his life . "
Police academy training
Damien Sandoval , program director of the Napa Valley College Criminal Justice Training Center , said Mehserle graduated from the 22 - week police academy , where instruction includes how to use force and when to use weapons such as guns , batons , Tasers and pepper spray .
" As for firearms , we provide 72 hours of training , " Sandoval said .
" We put the gun in their hand , tell them when and how to use it . "
He said Mehserle would have received additional training from the BART police force .
At the police academy , Mehserle signed a form prohibiting disclosure of information about his transcript or activities there .
" Frankly , I do n't remember him , " Sandoval said .
" I taught him but do n't recall anything about him . "
Mehserle attended three high schools in Napa Valley .
He spent his freshman year at Justin - Siena High School , a Catholic school .
" He was a quiet , good student - top of the class and no problems , " said Steve Meyer , the dean of students .
" He was an athlete , a big kid .
I think he did track and probably did football . "
Catholic school , then public
Meyer said the reason for the student 's transfer to a public high school " could have been financial , " given the higher cost of private school .
Mehserle spent his sophomore year at Vintage High School .
" He was just kind of hanging in there , " said Katy Dunlap , assistant principal at Vintage .
" He was taking some college prep classes but had problems with math .
He did all right in science and English .
He was n't a terrible student by any means .
He was very average . "
Dunlap said she had access only to Mehserle 's transcript and that records of any disciplinary problems were too old to retrieve .
Mehserle spent his junior and senior years at New Technology High School , which attracts students interested in the sciences and technology careers as well as students who value small classes .
Howard Mahoney , the school 's principal , said Mehserle 's teachers no longer work there .
" The two people who did know him just barely knew him and said he was a nice enough student , " Mahoney said .
" He graduated in good standing and moved on .
We really do n't know too much about him aside from that .
" We 're sorry about this whole incident , and our hearts go out to the families , " Mahoney said .
No – they were n’t Sears Craftsman , but just as durable to survive beneath the earth surface for more than 13,000 years .
Landscapers were digging a hole for a fish pond in the front yard of a Boulder home last May when they heard a “ chink ” that did n’t sound right .
Just some lost tools .
Some 13,000 - year - old lost tools .
They had stumbled onto a cache of more than 83 ancient tools buried by the Clovis people — ice age hunter - gatherers who remain a puzzle to anthropologists .
The home ’s owner , Patrick Mahaffy , thought they were only a century or two old before contacting researchers at the University of Colorado - Boulder .
“ My jaw just dropped , ” said CU anthropologist Douglas Bamforth , who is leading a study of the find .
“ Boulder is a densely populated area .
And in the midst of all that to find this cache . ”
The cache is one of only a handful of Clovis - age artifacts uncovered in North America , said Bamforth .
The tools reveal an unexpected level of sophistication , Bamforth said , describing the design as “ unnecessarily complicated , ” artistic and utilitarian at the same time .
What researchers found on the tools also was significant .
Biochemical analysis of blood and other protein residue revealed the tools were used to butcher camels , horses , sheep and bears .
That proves that the Clovis people ate more than just woolly mammoth meat for dinner , something scientists were unable to confirm before .
Source : AP
Read more …
The Resonance of Libertarian Oratory By Bryan Caplan
My co-author Scott Beaulier ‘s now blogging and teaching a course about Atlas Shrugged .
He always was lucky … except for that time that he accidentally decapitated himself during his first session of Dungeons and Dragons , but that ’s another story .
Anyway , Scott ’s class just read Hank Rearden ’s trial scene in AS , and he ’s got a question for them :
Throughout that section , Rand hints at the general public being generally sympathetic to Hank .
This
is at least the second time where the public appears to be mildly
pro-capitalism –the first case occurs after Dagny and Hank successfully
complete their first ride on the John Galt Line .
While
the general public seems to , at times , be naturally libertarian , their
attitude about capitalism and government is easily swayed by the
looters … [… ]
[ H ] ow accurate is Rand in her description of the general public , and
would they easily tip back in our direction if we just had a Hank
Rearden or two in court every day ?
Sadly , I think Rand ’s just engaged in wishful thinking ( though not quite as wishful as the trial in The Fountainhead when Roark gets acquited for blowing up a public housing project ) .
If the American public really swooned to libertarian rhetoric , political competition between power - hungry politicians would ensure an ample supply .
It ’s true , of course , that a few notables have made libertarian speeches resonate with a mass audience ; Ronald Reagan and John Stossel come to mind .
But overall , statism is an easier sell .
[ Note : If you want to Digg this article , please go to here and not to the link in the button above .
While I 'm glad someone else submitted this to Digg , there was no specific information posted on that link .
And if none of this makes sense to you , do n't sweat it .
Just enjoy the article below . :) ]
In Auckland , New Zealand recently a warehouse was set ablaze .
It was quite the inferno , needing a huge effort to quell it .
No one knows what started it ... but rumors are spreading that it was a meteorite that did the damage .
Several people saw a fireball in the sky , and it happened around 10:00 , around the time the fire started .
Case closed , right ?
Bzzzzt .
Nope .
I will almost guarantee a meteorite did not start this fire !
Why not ?
Meteors are chunks of rock or debris that enter the Earth 's atmosphere .
They violently compress the air , heating it up -- it 's not friction that does the heating , contrary to common belief .
But common wisdom also says that meteorites would hit the ground still burning hot , and cause fires wherever they land .
And after all , we 've seen it in countless movies !
However , there 's a piece of info you should remember here : that 's in the movies .
In real life , meteorites do n't work that way .
A small meteoroid ( the solid part of the glowing meteor ) will burn up rapidly , leaving nothing to hit the ground .
If it 's somewhat bigger , like the size of a car , it 'll explode high in the atmosphere , and then pieces of it will rain down .
However , those smaller pieces fall relatively slowly , and have plenty of time to cool down before they hit .
The recent fireball over Canada shows that , as did a rain of meteorites that hit Chicago a few years ago did too .
No fires were caused by those rains of rocks from space , because they were cold when they hit .
A piece of rock or metal large enough to retain its heat when it impacts the ground would be pretty big , like over 100 meters across .
Those tend to be a bit more obvious when they impact , since they explode with a yield equal to that of a 15 megaton blast .
That might do a bit more damage than start a warehouse fire .
Had something like that been the cause of the Auckland warehouse fire , there would n't be anyone left in the city to report it .
There would be a smoking hole a mile across .
I 've heard reports like this one many times .
They always -- always -- turn out to benon- extraterrestrial in origin .
Just because a bright meteor was seen does not mean it caused the fire !
That 's a logical fallacy : post hoc ergo propter hoc , " after this therefore because of this . "
There 's a reason that 's called a fallacy .
So that 's why I think a meteorite did n't cause this fire , and I 'm pretty sure there 's a more down - to - Earth explanation here ... at least one that started off down - to - Earth and did n't just end up that way .
Tip o' the Whipple Shield to BABloggee Bret Hall .
In Russian comics books teenage mutant turtles are lead by the giant Russian bear with balalaika - gun .
Also there is a Batman living in Russian village .
When Mercedez - Benz presented their bionic concept car back in 2005 they showed that they were capable of optimizing aerodynamic form in a very unorthodox way ; they used the R&D of nature itself and modelled it after the angular but streamlined boxfish .
Even though this example is not new it shows how expertise and open - mindedness can be combined to explore the possibilities of intersectional innovation .
Let the images will speak for themselves or follow the link and read more details .
/ Kristian Ribberström
Andrew Bacevich , a foreign affairs specialist at Boston UniversityA retired American colonel and prominent academic is calling for U.S. president - elect Barack Obama to reconsider his plans to expand his country 's military mission in Afghanistan .
Andrew Bacevich , a foreign affairs specialist at Boston University , said the U.S. and allies like Canada should start to withdraw from the war - torn country because it " simply does not make sense " to stay .
Appearing on CTV's Question Period Sunday , he said the original objective of the mission was to make sure the region does not become a breeding ground for Al Qaeda terrorists , who could then have a safe haven to launch attacks on the West .
Bacevich said that now the Taliban has been forced out of power , there is really no need for Western countries to stay in the country and try to make it into a modern democracy .
" Our interests there are very limited .
As long as Afghanistan is not a sanctuary for terrorists that have the aim and capability to attack us in the West , we do n't really care that much about what happens in that country , " he said .
" We do n't have to create a modern , coherent , Afghan nation - state in order to achieve those limited interests .
The great defect , I think , of Western policy over the last few years is to assume that we have to create a modern Afghan nation state where none has ever existed .
" Obama has said he wants to refocus America 's military attention on Afghanistan as the U.S. plans to reduce its military presence in Iraq .
He has suggested that as many as 30,000 more U.S. troops could head to Afghanistan within the year .
Bacevich said that does n't make sense during the current economic crisis , especially when the U.S. is projecting a deficit topping $ 1 trillion .
He said the U.S. and other Western nations can fight terrorism without being in Afghanistan .
"
We 're in the midst of the worst economic downturn in this country ( the U.S. ) since the Great Depression , and that economic downturn is affecting Canada ( and it ) will continue to affect Canada , " he said .
" The truth is that we do n't have the money to sustain misguided foreign policy initiatives .
" Bacevich added that it is " incumbent on us to spend our national security dollars wisely .
" He said the bulk of the burden in Afghanistan is being carried by the U.S. , Canada and Britain , because NATO is not the cohesive organization it was during the Cold War .
" I would go back and emphasize that Canadian power and , I think , Canadian political will is limited .
But it 's time for those of us on this side of the border to recognize that American power and American will is also limited , " he said .------------------------------------------------------------
But for a film title , animator Henry Selick might be as much a household name as Tim Burton : Burton 's name became part of the title of the stop - motion extravaganza The Nightmare Before Christmas , but Selick did all the heavy lifting , as the actual director .
It was a natural project for a creator who'd tried just about every animation technique , from cel work at Disney to cutout techniques on the MTV pilot " Slow Bob In The Lower Dimensions " to stop-motion work on Ritz Bits and Pillsbury products .
But Nightmare was a project of a different order — a fully stop - motion movie more notable for its gorgeously detailed design and animation than anything else .
After Nightmare , Selick tried incorporating animated characters and sequences into live - action movies , but the results , Monkeybone and the Roald Dahl adaptation James And The Giant Peach , were troubled productions that debuted to mixed reception .
Eight years after his last feature , Selick has returned to form with another stop- motion feature , the strikingly lovely , impeccably crafted Coraline , an adaptation of a Neil Gaiman novel that comes with a good deal of Nightmare 's blend of morbidity and perky wholesomeness .
With the film finally ready for theaters after nearly four years of pre-production , planning , and shooting , Selick sat down with The A.V.
Club to talk about his beloved craft , and to demonstrate it with one of the film 's eight - inch , meticulously detailed Coraline puppets .
Advertisement
The A.V. Club : Everybody asks this , but it seems like the only place to start a conversation with you .
Why stop-motion in the CGI age ?
Henry Selick :
You know , I love stop - motion .
I 've done almost all the styles of animation : I was a 2D animator .
I 've done cutout animation .
I did a CG short a few years ago , " Moongirl , " for young kids .
Stop-motion is what I keep coming back to , because it has a primal nature .
It can never be perfect .
There 's always something like — [ Points to the Coraline puppet on the table . ]
Coraline 's sweater , you can notice here that it 's sort of boiling .
And that 's because people are touching it and moving it for every frame .
There 's an undeniable reality that I do n't think any of the other mediums give you .
You know these things are real even if you do n't know exactly how they move , how big they are .
It 's something I got when I was 4 or 5 , and I saw my first Ray Harryhausen film .
I saw some monsters he created .
So why still follow that in this day and age ?
Well , it has certainly been the age of CG , and the hits keep coming .
You know , Jeffrey Katzenberg 's company [ DreamWorks ] , they seem to have a formula .
Pixar as well .
And they make very , very well - made films with maybe the best story department in the world .
But I do think there 's a part of everyone that likes to see handmade stuff .
That 's what we offer .
It 's never going to be the dominant filmmaking style .
It 's always going to be the cousin off to the side .
You know , the more eccentric relative of yours that some of the kids like .
Advertisement
CG can do anything , but it can't do everything well .
What it naturally can do is special effects .
But using stop - motion comes from our desire to do handmade stuff .
There are always going to be kids who get out whatever it might be — clay , bits of wire , Barbie dolls , Legos .
They want to tell little stories .
Almost any modern video camera can take stills , so there 's always this fresh crop of kids that like making things and moving them by hand .
So it 's as much our desire to keep it going as what we believe is the public 's desire for handmade stuff that really feels handmade , where they are n't being tricked into it being handmade .
That keeps us going .
AVC : It 's easy to mistake Coraline for CG animation , though , since the motion is so smooth and the backgrounds are so elaborate .
I knew going in that you 'd used a mixture of stop- motion and CGI , but watching it , I kept thinking " Did I understand this wrong ?
Is it mostly animated , with just a few stop - motion touches ? "
Is that a problem , if people do n't realize they 're looking at physical objects , and they do n't get that sense of reality ?
Advertisement
HS : No .
No , I love that you did n't know how it was made .
I do n't mind at all that you thought it might be CG .
We think that you can still astonish people and surprise them with this approach .
So that 's good enough .
If you 're interested in researching the techniques we used before seeing it , fine .
There 's a website where you can see how it 's done .
You can see that there 's hundreds of individual faces for the characters , with every possible expression .
But it 's not important .
It 's not necessary to know that , but if you 're curious , it is a pretty interesting backstory .
The world that makes these movies is pretty incredible .
I work with several hundred artists and technicians .
They 're incredibly inspired people .
Immensely talented and dedicated .
AVC : And presumably very , very patient .
HS : They 're patient .
But I do n't have to be .
I get rewarded virtually every day with something amazing to see — whether it's a new shot , a miniature sweater , someone who 's figured out how to make the hair look really great .
We found a way to do the rain , finally .
And mud .
Make the trees .
So I get to stay in constant motion as a director , you know , reviewing things .
And there 's a lot to review .
Advertisement
AVC : How do you screen for employees with the level of patience and perfectionism you need , people who are going to be able to spend two or three years handcrafting tiny little details ?
HS : You know , it goes back to my beginnings .
In fact , one - third of our crew are people I 've worked with for nearly 20 years .
So those are the veterans that early , early on proved that this is what they also love .
Even if they had to go into CG to make a living , or take on other tasks .
So there 's people like Eric Leighton , one of our lead animators , Trey Thomas , Anthony Scott — these are some of the best stop-motion animators in the world .
Bo Henry , Tom Proost , Phil Brotherton , my art directors .
There 's a core group there that has its own history , so you can have some momentum going right away .
And I think it pretty much attracts the right people .
You look at portfolios , you look at student films .
The material , the story , and the technique alone — I 'd say 90 percent of the people interested in working on a film like this are the right people in temperament , and it 's just a matter of skill level , and deciding where to put them .
How advanced are they ?
Advertisement
AVC : Early on , when you first sold Coraline , you agreed to make it as a live - action film , just to get your foot in the door .
How did you bring people around to letting you do it your way ?
HS : I took it to our producer , who remains one of our producers , Bill Mechanic — he had been the head of Fox , but he started this independent company .
He got the material the same way that I did , via Neil Gaiman 's book , which was great .
He happened to have a distribution deal with Disney , and he was not allowed to produce animation , because that would be competing with Disney .
So , it was like , " Okay , he can only do live - action , so we 'll pretend it 's live - action , and we 'll see what happens . "
I feel like right from the start , I was into animation , and animators are , as you 've noticed , very patient people .
So I went along with the current reality of limitation .
Eventually his deal changed , and I was able to steer it back to what I 'd hoped to do in the first place .
Advertisement
AVC : There 's a shot in the end credits that shows the little paper cutouts of the jumping mice unfolding , supported by all these tiny wires and armatures .
Is that actually the raw , untouched footage of how you accomplished that particular effect ?
HS : Yeah .
AVC : So were the CG units credited in the film mostly involved in erasing the armatures and the little lines across the character 's faces , where the two halves of the face shells meet ?
Advertisement
HS : Yes , most of the CG was used to enhance or clean up the stop - motion .
There 's only one purely CG - generated scene , and it's the background where the ghost children come into her dream to warn her .
The backgrounds there are pure CG , and pretty obviously so .
There 's little bits of CG here and there .
There 's fog .
There 's this foggy day , and Wybie is kind of stalking Coraline , and then he gets the banana slugs .
We shot the characters , and then we laid down a bunch of cotton and CG - manipulated that to make it look like it was flowing .
It 's more of a support rather than an original generation .
Advertisement
AVC : In the film 's making - of featurettes , there are a lot of stories about problem - solving in production design , like using fake fur for grass , or popcorn kernels for cherry blossoms .
What visual solutions were you proudest of ?
HS : It 'd be hard to pick any one thing , because there 's hundreds of great solutions to various problems .
One of the outstanding ones is the final confrontation with the Other Mother and Coraline , when the living - room floor flies up , and there 's this giant metallic web , moving and bouncing like a big slinky .
That was phenomenally difficult to engineer .
We ended up making five versions of it , and we had a lot of work attaching things to it , mainly wire with little winders and things , to make it bounce .
And then it was hard to find ways to give animators access to the characters inside .
Something not quite as difficult but pretty amazing is the fantastic garden .
Most all the flowers that grow there in front of Coraline — aside from some blue flowers , which were actually filmed as stop - motion , but CG was used to replicate them many times over — almost all the transformed flowers are little feats of engineering , things that were derived from toys , original mechanical devices , things that turn inside out , little spirals going through bits of plastic .
That was a case where I said , " Let 's design the flowers around what we can come up with that will mechanically change shape . "
It 's about 15 great solutions for making things grow before your eyes .
Advertisement
[ pagebreak ]
AVC : Was there anything you set out to do that you just could n't , or that you had to radically alter for the film ?
Advertisement
HS : Not really .
I feel like what we love to do is solve problems .
If it 's easy to solve , we find a more difficult one .
There 's always a way .
In our world , we can build stuff .
We can build more sets than you could ever build in live - action .
We can build more props just for custom angles or perspectives .
We 'll build special trees for that , paint a sky .
There 's really no limitations , except that you run out of time and money at some point .
AVC : How do your current building and design techniques compare to the ones you used on Nightmare Before Christmas ?
Were there major technical differences between the two films ?
Advertisement
HS : At the heart of both films is the fact that an animator performs through a puppet that 's lit on a set .
So there 's no difference there — it 's still a very challenging , arduous process to bring these characters to life .
Puppets themselves , for the most part , are built identically .
We use slightly different materials for their skin — silicone instead of foam rubber .
There were several key areas of technological advance .
One was in the facial animation .
We knew Coraline needed to be a lot more expressive than Jack Skellington , because he 's really just a ping - pong ball with no eyeballs , and a mouth .
And in his case , we did traditional replacement animation — it 's like the Pillsbury Doughboy , where every expression is sculpted separately , and you just pop them on and off to get him to emote .
With Coraline , we put a big split along her face so we have separate control of her upper faceplate and the lower faceplate , with her mouth .
The materials we used — we'd start with drawings and scopes , but we did use computers to help figure out the in - between shapes so we did n't have to hand - sculpt .
There 's thousands of different faces for her .
We would do all the key images and then a computer to figure out all the in - between shapes and literally print those out in three dimensions .
She 's very expressive for a stop - motion character .
That technology is called Rapid Prototype , headed up by Martin Meunier — it was a huge contributor .
We went places we never thought we could go because of using a 3D printer to help flush out the faces .
The other big thing is , we shot the film digitally .
I 've never done that before .
It 's always been film .
We shot it in 3D because it 's part of the story , and there 's a long history of wanting to do 3D in stop-motion .
And that added a lot of challenges .
But shooting digitally allowed me to see dailies almost every day .
With digital , the animators can finish a shot and I can review it immediately .
If it 's a test , I can go check in on them out on their sets , and they can show me where they 've gotten to .
On Nightmare , they could n't .
It was on film , and the most we could store in the camera was two images .
So this is what I liked about shooting digitally — it was far more fluid .
Sort of a give - and - take on a regular basis .
It felt great .
Advertisement
AVC : You 've been on record a lot about how you can't go back and watch your own work within years of completing a film , because you just see the technical flaws .
Does being able to instantly review your footage after shooting it mean that you 're more comfortable with the finished product ?
Or did it take twice as long to make the film , because you can see the flaws instantly , and you want to go back and redo every shot ?
HS : [ Chuckles . ]
Yeah , the technology did not make things faster .
Making things more fluid does sort of enable you to improve the shot .
It was always a battle to keep the hand of the artist in there .
Sometimes we 'd shoot on twos vs. ones , so there 's not as many images per second , and it looks a little more stuttery .
In the old days , we 'd just shoot straight ahead on film .
You did your shot and you were n't able to look back at all , and it was much faster .
But I think we have a more nuanced performance with the digital .
As far as looking at the finished film and seeing flaws — there 's hundreds of them , but I embrace them in a way I did n't in the past .
In the past , we were trying to do stop- motion traditionally , as Ray Harryhausen , the great master , had practiced it .
We were trying to do realistic effects , monsters , and creatures .
After Jurassic
Park came out , it was clear that stop - motion can't do better than CG .
CG is going to go way beyond ultra-real effects .
It 's taken me a number of years to really figure out and embrace what stop- motion is , with all its warts and shortcomings .
So it 's not going to take me five years to enjoy Coraline again .
Advertisement
AVC : What about live - action ?
On James And The Giant Peach and Monkeybone , you obviously did n't have the level of fine detail and control you 've had in your purely stop - motion films .
Do you want to work in live - action again ?
HS : I 'm not meant to be in live - action .
[ Laughs . ]
I love the culture of animation .
What stop- motion has in common with live - action is that it has many of the same departments .
There 's hair , costume , makeup in the form of paint , gaffers , electricians .
So there 's the same sense of real stuff , real light , things being shoved around and gotten ready .
But it 's not like everything happens at once , like it does in live - action .
It 's all subdivided into these small sets .
It 's where my strengths are .
Live - action is just an utterly different world , and I 'm not a public enough persona to be big and loud at the front of the ship .
I 'd rather more quietly interact with the artisan animators .
Advertisement
AVC : That seemed to happen with The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Tim Burton 's name is in the title of the film , yet he did n't script it , write the songs , or direct it .
Do you feel like you get proper credit for that film , at least in the industry ?
Do people you meet generally realize that you directed it ?
HS : It 's annoying .
The name did n't go on until a month before the film came out .
It would have been fine with me if it was always going to be like that .
But ultimately , you could say it was a marketing thing .
He was already a brand after he'd done the first Batman , and Beetlejuice .
Yeah , it can be annoying .
But most people in Hollywood know I directed it , because I have a long history of connections there .
Advertisement
AVC : If there were a Nightmare sequel , would you want to be involved with it ?
HS : I spoke with Disney years ago about it , and at that point , the most disappointing thing was , they said , " Oh , but it 'll have to be in CG . "
I do n't think they 'd say that now .
And in fact , Disney is backing Tim on a stop - motion feature of an old live - action short he did called " Frankenweenie . "
On a sequel , it 's possible I 'd be involved .
Coraline comes the closest to the experience I had on Nightmare , which was total creative support .
Tim was great .
He went off and made two live - action films while I directed Nightmare , and he was this buffer between me and the studio , so that all the effort went into the film .
Between Nightmare and Coraline , I did far more difficult work .
Energies were drained dealing with politics and studios , and that sort of thing .
This has been more like Nightmare .
Easily 90 percent of the efforts are up on the screen .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you think Monkeybone would have worked better if you had that kind of complete studio support ?
Would it have been more of a hit if it had been marketed as heavily as Coraline or Nightmare , for instance ?
HS : It 's very hard to know with Monkeybone what the variables were .
There was a regime change when I was at Fox .
There 's a longer version of the film .
When Hollywood gets afraid of something , they just say , " Make it go faster . "
Usually , faster is n't better .
So there 's another version of the film that 's about 15 minutes longer .
I know that it works better .
We had a different lead originally , and that probably would have had an impact —
Ben Stiller was the lead , but he wanted to bring in writers , and I chose to be loyal to the writer that was on it .
It actually would have been better to go with Ben and his writers .
There 's a lot of variables looking back , what - ifs .
But who knows .
I learned my lesson that in the live - action world , you have to earn the support of people over a very , very long time .
And in animation , I already have the support .
Advertisement
AVC : You mentioned that you 've done just about every type of animation there is .
You also worked in cel animation at Disney , on The Fox And The Hound .
Did you work on any other projects there ?
HS : Mainly Fox And The Hound .
When I started , I did some in - betweens for this forgotten hybrid called Pete 's Dragon .
I was at Disney for about four years , so I made good friends there .
It was a time of not a lot of creativity .
It was the end of the first great era , with a few of the original animators .
They called them the Nine Old Men .
I learned a lot from them , but it was n't going to be a future home for me .
Advertisement
AVC : While Fox And The Hound was being made , Don Bluth and a bunch of other animators walked away from Disney to start their own studio , and the last of the Nine Old Men either died or retired .
What was it like being at Disney as that was happening ?
HS : Well , it was kind of depressing .
[ Laughs . ]
I was friends with Tim Burton — he was doing exciting things .
I 'd like to think I was doing exciting things .
I got a grant from The National Endowment For The Arts .
I was making my own independent short animated film called " Seepage , " and Disney was totally cool .
They let me work on that a couple of days a week and work at Disney a few days a week .
Brad Bird and John Musker were there — a lot of artists and directors that have gone on to do great things were there .
I met them at CalArts , and then we were at Disney .
So we had a lot to complain about , but we 'd complain together .
We 'd go to galleries and go listen to the Talking Heads when they were in town .
It was a lot of fun in terms of camaraderie and the creativity that I saw in individuals .
But as far as the company itself , it was in a transition and there was no great creative leadership at that point .
Advertisement
AVC : Do you have any lingering affection for the process of drawing cel animation ?
Any interest in doing it yourself again at some point ?
HS : It was always a struggle for me .
Some animators , they grew up doing that .
I love that process .
I could see myself directing a 2D movie and really enjoying it .
But going back into animating , I could n't pull that off .
Advertisement
AVC : Is there any plan to do a DVD collection or a release of your short material , like " Slow Bob In The Lower Dimensions " ?
HS : No one 's talked about it .
I have a few other shorts as well : " Phases , " a Fishbone video , " Tube Tales . "
Yeah , I 'd like to do that .
[ Laughs . ]
I 'll figure it out .
Thanks for bringing it up .
Advertisement
AVC : What 's your next project ?
HS : Immediately , I 'm supporting an up - and - coming director .
It 's the time in my life that I want to share what I know and pass it along .
So I 'm supporting a young guy called Chris Butler , who was my head storyboard artist .
He has an original story called Paranorman , and it would be done in stop-motion animation .
It 's a sweet comedy about a boy who communes with the dead .
There 's an army of zombies at the end .
[ Laughs . ]
But it 's very funny .
Irish economy disintegrates
By Steve James
19 January 2009
Whether they manufacture personal computers , luxury cut glass and porcelain , or dig precious metals out of the ground , Irish - based corporations have responded to world recession by seeking to offload the consequences onto the working class .
The fate of US PC maker Dell ’s Irish production base , Waterford Wedgewood ’s historic luxury crystal plant in Waterford , or Tara Mines zinc mine in Navan all express particular forms of the impact of dramatically worsening global conditions on the Irish economy .
Dell ’s closure of its Limerick production platform had long been rumoured , before the company finally confirmed earlier this month that 1,900 full - time production jobs would go by the end of 2009 .
Hundreds of temporary workers have already been laid off .
The first tranche of 450 full - time jobs will go in April .
Local economists estimate that between 5,000 and 10,000 jobs will directly be affected in the local area as Dell suppliers such as Flextronics , Banta and Sercom lay off workers .
These will join Limerick ’s existing 4,000 unemployed , or around 14.6 percent of the workforce .
Laura Ryan , an officer for the Limerick Co-ordination Office told the press “ I have family working in Dell .
Everyone in Limerick knows someone who works there .
The Raheen suburb grew up around Dell - - people bought houses , restaurants , shops , taxis and pubs [ that ] are all dependent on those jobs . ”
Dell , hitherto Ireland ’s largest exporter and responsible for about 5 percent of GDP , is moving its entire PC production operation from Limerick to Lodz in Poland , to take advantage of labour costs of around € 3 an hour , one - third of what it pays in Ireland .
The move is part of the € 3 billion cost cutting drive by the company , which has been badly hit globally by the onset of world recession .
Dell ’s departure has also raised fears that an exodus of US - based transnationals from Ireland is imminent .
Intel employ 4,500 workers in County Kildare and its chief Paul Otellinni has said he expects sales over the last quarter to be down $ 10.7 billion in a year .
Writing in the Sunday Business Post , economist David McWilliams speculated , “ Imagine the conversations going on now at Intel and Microsoft .
We know that multinationals tend to cluster .
They hang out together .
When one of them bolts , we run the risk that the rest may follow . ”
Waterford Wedgewood went into receivership the same week as Dell announced its move .
The producer of luxury crystal , porcelain , crockery , cutlery and kitchenware , the group incorporates historic brand names such as Wedgewood .
Charles Darwin ’s grandfather Josiah Wedgewood and Royal Doulton in Lambeth established it in the 19th century in 1815 .
Waterford Crystal has its own visitor centre , and is one of the largest tourist attractions in Ireland .
Rosenthal AG of Germany has been in existence since 1897 .
The company employs 800 workers in Waterford , and 6,000 worldwide , including 1,500 at PT Doulton Multifortuna , outside Jakarta , Indonesia .
Other outsourced operations are in Brazil , Rumania and Slovenia .
Waterford Wedgewood finally collapsed after the company missed a deadline on its € 449 million debt .
The company ’s bankers , Bank of America offered the board 16 additional days to hand over the company to asset strippers KPS , who the company have been in discussion with for months .
Whoever buys Waterford Wedgewood ; the consequences are likely to be devastating for the town , where 800 workers remain .
Moreover , the company pension scheme is £ 111 million in debt and is likely to be wound up .
Ireland has no pension protection scheme .
Some 367 redundancies have also been confirmed in Staffordshire in the UK , where 1,900 remain employed with the company .
In line with international trends , Waterford Wedgewood management asked for €39 million of Irish government support to defend its operations but was refused .
By contrast , the Irish government has offered billions of euros to the banking system .
Tara Mine is the largest zinc mine in Europe and the fifth largest in the world .
Located in Navan , County Meath , the mine produced 200,000 tonnes of zinc concentrate and 40,000 tonnes of lead concentrate last year .
Six hundred seventy workers bring ore out of the ground at the rate of 570 tonnes an hour .
The mine is owned by Swedish group Boliden , Europe ’s largest mining outfit employing 4,500 workers internationally .
Tara opened in 1977 and many of the workers have been there for decades .
A further 1,700 jobs in the local area are dependent on the mine .
Boliden is threatening to close the mine unless workers accept drastically reduced earnings and altered shift patterns to maintain profitability , caused by the collapse in world zinc prices .
Yet , in 2007 , Tara Mines Holding Ltd paid a € 97 million dividend to Boliden and had a € 197 million profit .
The annual wage bill is only € 52 million .
Navan itself , formerly a boomtown in the Dublin commuter belt , saw its population increase by half in five years .
But the mine is the only large local employer , and the town now has the fastest growing dole queues in Ireland as multiple small businesses collapse under pressure from the banks , creditors and collapsing revenues .
Other companies that have recently laid off workers include Hibernia insurance , Howley civil engineering , retail groups such as Zavvi and Chartbusters , along with many smaller and largely unreported closures and redundancies .
Currently unemployment is around 7 percent , but there are predictions that in only a few months 10 or even 12 percent of the workforce will be on the dole .
According to the Department of Enterprise Trade and Employment , some 3,350 redundancies were announced in December 2008 , a 94 percent increase on 2007 .
Over the whole year , redundancies were 60 percent up on 2007 , with the building and civil engineering sectors account for 25 percent of job looses .
Tourism also recorded record losses -- with 12,350 long - term jobs shed .
The number of business failures has doubled from 370 company failures in 2007 to 753 in 2008 .
Earlier in the week , the Irish government was forced to nationalise the Anglo - Irish Bank , the Republic ’s third largest lender , after large - scale withdrawals threatened its collapse .
Only in December the government had authorised a bailout worth between € 2 billion and € 5.5 billion to the three largest banks , including € 1.5 billion to Anglo - Irish .
Even before this recent intervention , Finance Minister Brian Lenihan had said he anticipated that national income would shrink by 4.5 percent in 2009 , and had demanded corporate “ competitiveness ” be restored through “ collective effort ” .
The government has now opened a “ discussion ” on public sector pay cuts , and € 4 billion worth of savings by 2011 , € 16 billion by 2013 .
Mary Hanafin , Minister for Social and Family Affairs stated that she believed cost cutting , organised by the government committee , the so - called “ An Bord Snip Nua ” , would partly come at the expense of recently increased payments to carers and lone parents , while immigrant workers and their families would be particularly targeted by welfare snoopers .
For their part , the Irish trade unions have offered their immediate support to the government ’s “ collective effort ” against the working class .
David Begg , head of the Irish Congress of Trades Unions ( ICTU ) called for a “ sensible compromise ” between pay cuts and tax changes .
At the Tara mine , unions have agreed with management to a package of cuts in overtime and a cap on bonuses .
Workers are to ballot this week on the package , with the threat of immediate sackings if it is not agreed .
Dan Murphy , head of the Public Service Executive Union ( PSEU ) has said that the unions would be “ constructive provided no unilateral actions are taken that would render our co-operation impossible . ”
Jack O’Connor , speaking for Services , Industrial , Professional and Technical Union ( SIPTU ) agreed that the unions “ have a responsibility to play our part ” .
He refused to oppose a suggestion that previously agreed pay increases would be deferred .
We Believe In Touchscreens With Human Touch
We believe the world should be more interactive , and provide you with the best user experience possible .
We believe in listening to our customers because we know that the best hardware is made through collaboration .
These core beliefs drive everything that we do here at Mimo Monitors .
Small Touchscreens .
Flexible Innovation .
Human Connection .
Not so simple .
Where are farmers supposed to get normal seed these days ?
How are they supposed to avoid contamination of their fields from GM - crops ?
How are they supposed to stop Monsanto detectives from trespassing or Monsanto from using helicopters to fly over spying on them ?
Monsanto contaminates the fields , trespasses onto the land taking samples and if they find any GMO plants growing there ( or say they have ) , they then sue , saying they own the crop .
It 's a way to make money since farmers can't fight back and court and they settle because they have no choice .
.
And they have done and are doing a bucket load of things to keep farmers and everyone else from having any access at all to buying , collecting , and saving of NORMAL seeds .
1 . They 've bought up the seed companies across the midwest .
2 . They 've written Monsanto seed laws and gotten legislators to put them through , that make cleaning , collecting and storing of seeds so onerous in terms of fees and paperwork and testing and tracking every variety and being subject to fines , that having normal seed becomes almost impossible ( an NAIS approach to wiping out normal seeds ) .
Does your state have such a seed law ?
Before they existed , farmers just collected the seeds and put them in sacks in the shed and used them the next year , sharing whatever they wished with friends and neighbors , selling some if they wanted .
That 's been killed .
In Illinois which has such a seed law , Madigan , the Speaker of the House , his staff is Monsanto lobbyists .
3. Monsanto is pushing anti-democracy laws ( Vilsack 's brainchild , actually ) that remove community ' control over their own counties so farmers and citizens can't block the planting of GMO crops even if they can contaminate other crops .
So if you do n't want a GM - crop that grows industrial chemicals or drugs or a rice growing with human DNA in it , in your area and mixing with your crops , tough luck .
Check the map of just where the Monsanto / Vilsack laws are and see if your state is still a democracy or is Monsanto's .
A farmer in Illinois told me he heard that Bush had pushed through some regulation that made this true in every state .
People need to check on that .
4 . For sure there are Monsanto regulations buried in the FDA right now that make a farmer 's seed cleaning equipment illegal ( another way to leave nothing but GM - seeds ) because it's now considered a " source of seed contamination . "
Farmer can still seed clean but the equipment now has to be certified and a farmer said it would require a million to a million and half dollar building and equipment ... for EACH line of seed .
Seed storage facilities are also listed ( another million ? ) and harvesting and transport equipment .
And manure .
Something that can contaminate seed .
Notice that chemical fertilizers and pesticides are not mentioned .
You could eat manure and be okay ( a little grossed out but okay ) .
Try that with pesticides and fertilizers .
Indian farmers have .
Their top choice for how to commit suicide to escape the debt they have been left in is to drink Monsanto pesticides .
5. Monsanto is picking off seed cleaners across the Midwest .
In Pilot Grove , Missouri , in Indiana ( Maurice Parr ) , and now in southern Illinois ( Steve Hixon ) .
And they are using US marshals and state troopers and county police to show up in three cars to serve the poor farmers who had used Hixon as their seed cleaner , telling them that he or their neighbors turned them in , so across that 6 county areas , no one talking to neighbors and people are living in fear and those farming communities are falling apart from the suspicion Monsanto sowed .
Hixon 's office got broken into and he thinks someone put a GPS tracking device on his equipment and that 's how Monsanto found between 200-400 customers in very scattered and remote areas , and threatened them all and destroyed his business within 2 days .
against
So , after demanding that seed cleaners somehow be able to tell one seed from another ( or be sued to kingdom come ) or corrupting legislatures to put in laws about labeling of seeds that are so onerous no one can cope with them , what is Monsanto 's attitude about labeling their own stuff ?
You guessed it - they 're out there pushing laws ANY labeling of their own GM - food and animals and of any exports to other countries .
Why ?
We know and they know why .
As Norman Braksick , the president of Asgrow Seed Co. ( now owned by Monsanto ) predicted in the Kansas City Star ( 3/7/94 ) seven years ago , " If you put a label on a genetically engineered food , you might as well put a skull and crossbones on it . "
And they 've sued dairy farmers for telling the truth about their milk being rBGH - free , though rBGH is associated with an increased risk of breast , colon and prostate cancers .
I just heard that some seed dealers urge farmers to buy the seed under the seed dealer 's name , telling the farmers it helps the dealer get a discount on seed to buy a lot under their own name .
Then Monsanto sues the poor farmer for buying their seed without a contract and extorts huge sums from them .
Here 's a youtube video that is worth your time .
Vandana Shiva is one of the leading anti-Monsanto people in the world .
In this video , she says ( and this video is old ) , Monsanto had sued 1500 farmers whose fields had simply been contaminated by GM - crops .
Listen to all the ways Monsanto goes after farmers .
Do you know the story of Gandhi in India and how the British had salt laws that taxed salt ?
The British claimed it as theirs .
Gandhi had what was called a Salt Satyagraha , in which people were asked to break the laws and march to the sea and collect the salt without paying the British .
A kind of Boston tea party , I guess .
Thousands of people marched 240 miles to the ocean where the British were waiting .
As people moved forward to collect the salt , the British soldiers clubbed them but the people kept coming .
The non-violent protest exposed the British behavior which was so revolting to the world that it helped end British control in India .
Vandana Shiva has started a Seed Satyagraha - nonviolent non-cooperation around seed laws - has gotten millions of farmers to sign a pledge to break those laws .
American farmers and cattlemen might appreciate what Gandhi fought for and what Shiva is bringing back and how much it is about what we are all so angry about - loss of basic freedoms .
[ The highlighting is mine . ]
Google Chrome 's Dev channel has been updated to 2.0.160.0 .
The highlights for this week include a good number crash fixes and UI presentation and behavioral clean - up :
Fixes a number of tab dragging related crashes .
Fixes issue where Chrome could not be set as the default browser .
Add support for UA spoofing , and spoof Safari's UA string when loading URLs
Improving UI presentation in Vista and XP
We now generate a proper file name when dragging an image off the browser on to the desktop
V8 has been updated to version 0.4.9.3 , read more in the V8 changelog .
Find about the Dev channel and how to subscribe at http://dev.chromium.org/getting-involved/dev-channel .
The complete list of changes is available in the release notes .
Anthony Laforge
A few months after Dr. Michael Kamrava helped Nadya Suleman become pregnant with octuplets , he transferred at least seven embryos to another patient .
She was in her late 40s and wanted just one baby .
Now she ’s five months pregnant with quadruplets and hospitalized at Los Angeles County - USC Medical Center , according to several sources familiar with the situation .
The new case could add to concerns about Kamrava ’s practice and about whether the fertility industry needs more regulation .
Advertisement
In fertility medicine , any pregnancy greater than twins is considered a poor outcome because of the danger it poses to the mother and the babies .
Quadruplet births are rare , with an average of 14 sets born in California each year , according to state records .
“ Historically , we have been very hesitant to regulate anything close to procreation from parents making judgments about how many children they will have and when , ” said Kirk O. Hanson , ethics professor and executive director of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University .
“ However , that worked under a natural process of fertilization and incubation .
There are serious questions about whether it works in an era of scientifically enhanced procreation . ”
The woman in the latest case arrived recently at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles for unspecified treatment but was transferred last week to County - USC Medical Center because she lacks insurance .
Doctors placed her on bed rest until the birth of the babies , which could be two or three months from now .
Advertisement
The California Medical Board has said it is looking into the octuplets ’ case to determine whether a doctor may have violated any standards of care .
The American Society for Reproductive Medicine , which has guidelines limiting the number of embryos that can be transferred depending on the woman ’s age and other circumstances , said it is also examining the doctor ’s practice .
No laws govern this issue .
The guidelines allow for the transfer of more embryos in older women .
But in this case , the woman was using embryos made from eggs donated by a woman in her late 20s -- which fertility specialists said increased the possibility of a multiple birth .
“ I do think it is concerning , and dangerous , especially to the mother .
She is close to 50 .
When women get to be that age , our fear is the cardiovascular complications , such as stroke or heart attack .
That ’s how serious this is , ” said Dr. John Jain , a fertility specialist with knowledge of the case .
Advertisement
Reached by telephone , the woman did not confirm that Kamrava is her doctor .
However , The Times has verified the information through several independent sources .
She said her doctors urged her not to talk to the media because she is already dealing with a high - risk pregnancy and does n’t need more stress .
“ Please respect my privacy , ” she said , adding that her circumstances are much different from Suleman’s .
The woman has three grown children from a previous marriage but wanted another child with her second husband , who is in his early 30s and does n’t have any children , sources said .
She works as an apartment manager ; her husband is a contractor .
Advertisement
She started fertility treatments seeking one baby , but after becoming pregnant with quadruplets , declined medical advice to reduce the number of fetuses , the sources said .
Kamrava could not be reached for comment and has declined previous interview requests .
A woman who answered the phone at his West Coast IVF Clinic said : “ If [ a ] mother wants to bring four kids , so what ? ”
Doctors at County - USC and Good Samaritan Hospital also declined to comment , citing patient confidentiality .
Suleman said in an interview with NBC that her doctor transferred six embryos .
She gave birth Jan. 26 , and although the births were initially celebrated as a medical miracle , public opinion quickly turned when it was discovered that Suleman had six other children , was a single mother and was relying on some public assistance , including food stamps and Social Security benefits .
Advertisement
Los Angeles police said Thursday that they are investigating death threats made against Suleman and her publicist .
--
kimi.yoshino@latimes.com
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
Advertisement
alan.zarembo@latimes.com
Times staff writers Seema Mehta and Ruben Vives contributed to this report .
Clarissa Rappoport - Hankins , who has the longest name of anyone at the Atlantic , pointed me to this cutting Wondermark satire :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Why does Japan have a fascination with giant robots ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Moderate Democrats and Republicans in the Senate are moving toward a deal on a stimulus package for the struggling U.S. economy , senior Democrats said on Friday .
Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois , the Senate ’s second - ranking Democrat , said they were “ moving toward agreement ” after moderate lawmakers submitted a $ 780 billion compromise proposal that cut significant portions out of a measure which had swollen to $ 937 billion .
Another Democrat , Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio , was even more optimistic , saying “ We ’ve got a deal ” after emerging from a meeting of Senate Democrats .
Fast food
Enlarge Image
The removal of cats in 2000 caused " catastrophic " damage to the ecology of a sub-Antarctic island , a study says .
Since cats were removed from Macquarie Island , rabbit numbers have soared , and the animals are now devastating plants .
Cats previously kept a check on rabbits but were eradicated because they were also eating seabirds , scientists relate in the Journal of Applied Ecology .
The Australian government plans to eradicate rabbits , rats and mice from the island , a World Heritage Site .
The rabbits have now caused so much damage to the island 's flora that the changes can be seen from space .
The scientists behind the research say conservation agencies must " learn lessons " from the episode .
Dana Bergstrom gets close and personal with some of Macquarie 's penguins
" Our study shows that between 2000 and 2007 there has been widespread ecosystem devastation and decades of conservation effort compromised , " said Dana Bergstrom from the Australian Antarctic Division .
" The lessons for conservation agencies globally is that interventions should be comprehensive and include risk assessments to explicitly consider and plan for indirect effects , or face substantial subsequent costs . "
In this case , one element of the cost is the 24 m Australian dollars ( $ 17 m , £ 11 m ) that authorities will spend eradicating rabbits and the rats and mice that eat seabird chicks .
As with mainland Australia , rabbits were an introduced species Rabbits were introduced to Macquarie Island in 1878 by seal - hunters to provide food .
The first attempt to control them , in the 1960s , involved introducing myxomatosis .
That brought numbers down to about 10,000 .
But subsequently numbers have grown again .
Since the eradication of cats eight years ago there are now an estimated 100,000 rabbits munching the foliage of Macquarie Island , which lies about halfway between Australia and Antarctica .
It is the most important breeding site for the royal penguin , and several other species of penguin also breed there .
Removal of plant cover is thought to make penguins more vulnerable to predation .
Eradication of rabbits and rodents will involve dropping poisoned bait around the island .
It is due to start next year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yoga – The Time Is Now
The centuries - old practice of Zen meditation might help reduce sensitivity to pain , say researchers in Montreal who compared pain responses in people trained in the technique and those who are not .
In the journal Psychosomatic Medicine , Joshua Grant , a doctoral student in physiology at the University of Montreal and his colleague Prof.
Pierre Rainville looked at how or why meditation might influence pain perception .
Scientists recruited 13 Zen meditators with a minimum of 1,000 hours of practice to undergo a pain test .
Their reactions were contrasted with 13 non-meditators .
Subjects included 10 women and 16 men between the ages of 22 and 56 .
The study involved applying a heated plate to the calves of subjects intermittently and measuring at which temperatures the subject reported pain .
Most people felt moderate pain at 48 C , but meditators only started feeling pain at 50 C , the researchers found .
" Now that two degrees does n't seem like a big difference , but it 's actually a huge difference in terms of thermal pain , " said Grant .
Zen meditators experienced an 18 per cent reduction in pain intensity , the researchers reported .
Dealing with pain
During meditation - like conditions , it appeared that meditators further reduced their pain partly by breathing more slowly : 12 breaths per minute versus an average of 15 breaths for non-meditators .
" The Zen practitioner senses pain but deals with it in a different way , " said Myokyo , a monk and teacher of Zen meditation at the Abbess Centre Zen de la Main in Montreal .
It could be that slower breathing was linked to reduced pain by keeping the body in a relaxed state , Grant said .
" While previous studies have found that the emotional aspects of pain are influenced by meditation , we found that the sensation itself , as well as the emotional response , is different in meditators , " he said .
Psychologist Ann Amsa teaches techniques such as visualization and breathing to help people with chronic pain .
Amsa said Zen meditation also works on the mind to lessen pain .
Meditators observe good and bad sensations and then accept and release them so painful stimulation is felt less intensely , she said .
If meditation changes the way someone feels pain , then people would need to take less pain medication , Grant said .
The next phase of the research will involve MRI scans to learn how mediation affects brain activity .
The study was funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research , the Mind and Life Institute Varela Grant , and the Fonds de la recherche en santé du Québec .
Smarthistory is the most - visited art history resource in the world and official provider of art history for Khan Academy .
Learn More
Jamon iberico's cult following stems in part from its mystique : nearly unattainable , dearly expensive .
It retails for $ 96 a pound and up .
" They are ham fanatics , " Harris says .
" One guy was postponing his wedding till he got one .
He has a motorcycle club called the Patas Negras , " or " black hooves , " another name for the Iberian pigs from which the ham is made .
" We had a customer who went and visited his ham in the mountain village where it was being cured . "
He was among about 400 people to do so , according to La Tienda owner Don Harris .
That was two years ago .
Some people have been on the waiting list for as long as six years .
Very few of them are in the restaurant business .
These are individuals , caught up in pure porky obsession .
He found out he could n't .
" It was forbidden fruit , " he says .
" You want what you can't have . "
When he discovered a waiting list for jamon iberico ( pronounced : ham - ON ee - BEAR - ee - ko ) started by La Tienda , a website specializing in Spanish products , he put down his name and a $ 199 deposit .
The ham has arrived in Wayland because Cutitta 's friend Victor Grillo , the man behind such ads as the famous Ginsu knife infomercial , heard about it long ago and decided to get his hands on one .
The ham has arrived in the United States because the Spanish company Embutidos Fermin , located in the medieval village of La Alberca , spent much of the last decade working to meet USDA specifications .
The company built a new slaughterhouse and formed a partnership with chef Jose Andres , host of the PBS series " Made in Spain , " and Portland , Maine , importers the Rogers Collection .
In 2005 , they got the green light .
The following year jamon iberico began to trickle into the country , first in the form of sausages , then paletas , or shoulders .
But the actual hams , which take several years to cure , did n't start shipping to customers till last week .
It 's a ham , but not just any ham .
This is jamon iberico de bellota , the be - all - and - end - all , Rolls Royce , ne plus ultra of hams : one that positively demands a party .
It comes from Spain , and it is among the first whole bellota hams to legally reach this country .
Until now , to get a taste of this porcine holy grail , American foodies had to hop a plane .
WAYLAND - This party has been two years in the making .
At the home of Frank Cutitta , friends are beginning to gather .
Cutitta , a media executive , is in the kitchen , putting the finishing touches on pasta alla carbonara and veal saltimbocca .
Outside on a stone patio overlooking a pond , people mill around the guest of honor .
Saltzman , a retired music professor and conductor who lives in New York , has requested his ham be delivered on the autumnal equinox ; his kitchen is too hot in the summer .
He and his wife , Barrett Cobb , travel to Spain regularly .
They first tried jamon iberico on one of their trips .
" We bought some and we were hooked , " he says .
Five years ago , they signed up on La Tienda 's waiting list .
" The operative word for the bellota is ' meaty , ' " says Harry Saltzman , the La Tienda customer who went to visit his ham in La Alberca .
" Even the fat , which of course my wife assiduously cuts off and I love and I eat when she 's not looking .
I 've been told the acorns give the ham and the fat this rich flavor .
It 's spectacular .
Nobody believes me it's as good as I say . "
The meat is dark red , almost the shade of corned beef .
It tastes like prosciutto in Technicolor , nuanced and blossoming in the mouth , with a lingering touch of iron .
The fat has faintly fruity undertones ; it dissolves on your tongue .
Harris says the curing process converts much of the fat of acorn - fed hams into healthy monounsaturated fat , like olive oil that happens to taste like pork .
According to the nutrition label on Fermin 's website , a 1 ounce serving has 84.5 calories , 51.3 from fat ; about a third of that is saturated .
So it 's not exactly health food , but it does taste extraordinary .
The main reason bellota ham is so coveted , of course , is its flavor .
" It 's very meaty , rich , marbled with fat , " writes Andres in an e-mail from Spain .
" Jamon iberico is the finest ham in the world .
It is a ham that will ruin you for other hams . "
He recommends serving it alone , or topped with caviar and rolled up like a cigar .
The piggy spa treatment takes place for a practical reason .
" They want them very mellow , " Harris says .
" If they 're scared , they produce epinephrine .
If they 're not stressed , the meat is fine .
I 'm not saying the ham people are pig lovers .
They 're meat lovers . "
Its provenance adds to that ; the ham comes from pigs that are as coddled as the cattle that become Kobe beef .
The pigs roam free , feasting on acorns ( " bellotas " in Spanish ) .
" They live in pig paradise , " says Harris .
" They grow up as a gang together for two years , then when it 's time for them to meet their maker , they play them Mozart .
After Mozart , they go to bed for the night .
I do n't know if they 're tucked in .
The next morning they get hot showers , then some mysterious carbon dioxide enters their atmosphere and they go off to piggy heaven . "
This is referred to not as slaughtering the pigs , but as sacrificing them .
The hams then cure for up to four years in clean mountain air .
Then , just as they were about to head off on another trip , an e-mail came from La Tienda .
" It said ' Do you want to visit your ham ? ' " Saltzman recalls .
" I immediately e-mailed back .
We were going right past La Alberca .
So we visited the ham .
We had to go through a bath for our shoes and put on white robes and shower caps .
We got great pictures : me petting a ham , then petting a pig . "
When it arrives , they 'll have a party , of course .
" We 'll have to round everyone up , " Saltzman says .
" My brother and sisters and a few other crazies like me have bought 1 pound chunks of it , which I 'll cut for them . "
Most of the people getting hams from La Tienda are probably planning festivities around their arrival , says Harris .
( Though not the man who postponed his wedding ; he and his fiancee have since split up . )
" Spain is a very communal society , " he says .
" You 'd have the ham on the kitchen table and people would float by during the day - neighbors , friends , extended family - and cut off thin slices .
The ham would last a month or so .
In the US , we 're not communal types .
People do n't float through our kitchens .
So most people will probably have a big party . "
Then , before hanging up the phone , he gleefully announces that he's off to his own jamon iberico party - a ham 's packaging was damaged in shipment and they have to do something with it .
" There will be dancing , of course , " he says .
" The sevillana , which is like flamenco but for ordinary people . "
You do n't have to buy an entire ham to celebrate , however .
La Tienda will eventually sell it sliced .
" You wo n't have to mortgage your house to get the ham , though going to a Red Sox game can cost as much as bellota , " says Harris , who grew up in Belmont and still makes Fenway pilgrimages .
You can taste jamon iberico de bellota locally , too .
Estragon , Toro , and Persephone are among the restaurants that will serve it , and specialty shops such as Formaggio Kitchen and Las Ventas have it in stock .
Back at the Cutitta home , the spread is on the table .
Cutitta , who is famous among friends for his cooking , has created a feast based around Grillo 's ham .
There are slices of jamon iberico de bellota , unadorned ; figs topped with the ham , manchego , and Italian honey ; skewers of shrimp with ham ; mushrooms with ham ; the carbonara and the veal ( " make sure you say it 's from Waverly Market , " Cutitta says ) .
" Is n't it great when food brings people together ? " Grillo says .
Then he takes his first bite of carbonara , topped with more slivers of jamon and Spanish cheese .
" I 'm gonna fall over , " he says , practically swooning .
" Oh my God , this is awesome .
This is better than sex . "
And with that , it 's time for a toast .
" Here 's to the pig ! " Grillo says , raising a glass of Rioja .
And together the friends salute the guest of honor .
" Here 's to the pig ! "
Devra First can be reached at dfirst@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Iraqis go to the polling booth today in their first provincial elections in the post - Saddam era .
The BBC reports that while the Iraqis have put tight security measures in place and mortars have hit occasionally , a festive mood has broken out in Iraq .
Turnout appears heavy , especially among the Sunni :
Iraqis are electing new provincial councils in the first nationwide vote in four years , with the Sunni minority expected to turn out in strength .
After a slow start , correspondents said voting was brisk , including among Sunni Muslims , who largely boycotted the last elections .
The vote is seen as a test of Iraq ’s stability ahead of a general election due later this year .
Security is tight and thousands of observers are monitoring the polls .
The Sunnis learned a lesson from 2005 , when they boycotted two elections .
They expected the Shi’ites and Kurds to woo them and get a better deal , but instead they got marginalized in the National Assembly .
That prompted the Sunni to ally themselves with al - Qaeda and native insurgents , which was an even bigger mistake .
This time they plan on participating to ensure proper representation — a victory for democracy .
How big of a change will we see ?
In 2005 , the Sunnis had a 2 % turnout .
The head of Anbar ’s electoral board expects a 60 % turnout this time .
It demonstrates the radical shift in thinking among the Sunni about national unity , but to be fair , it also demonstrates the transformation of the security situation in Anbar and other Sunni areas .
While there were plenty of refuseniks in 2005 , many people got intimidated into staying home by the insurgents and AQI terrorists in the previous national elections .
Iraqi security forces expected an effort by terrorists to disrupt the elections this time as well , specifically by using women as suicide bombers .
Their culture does not allow for men to search women — for that matter , neither does ours under normal circumstances — so the Iraqis hired hundreds of women to perform that task instead .
The traffic bans and closed borders of the 2004 and 2005 elections are back , even though the danger has grown much smaller in the intervening years .
They ’re taking few chances , and at least so far it ’s been successful .
The Shi’ites may have their own transformation in these elections .
The previous elections produced large support for theocratic parties , but this time observers believe that they will lose significant ground to nationalist and / or secular parties .
Without the Mahdis gripping the Shi’ite areas , the people want to get away from imam rule .
Moqtada al - Sadr will disappear even further into oblivion .
This is what victory looks like .
Jackson Jr. denies involvement in Gov's ' pay - to - play ' scheme David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday December 10 , 2008
Print This Email This Lawyer acknowledges that Chicago pol was ' Senate Candidate 5 ' in Blagojevich complaint A defiant Jesse Jackson Jr. denied any involvement in the pay - to - play scheme allegedly concocted to fill a vacant Illinois senate seat .
After reports emerged that Jackson Jr. was the " Senate Candidate 5 " identified in the public corruption complaint against Gov. Rod Blagojevich , the Chicago congressman convened a press conference to forcefully denounce the scheme and deny involvement .
" I thought , mistakenly , that the process was fair , " Jackson Jr. said .
On advice from his attorneys , Jackson Jr. refused to take any questions following his brief statement .
He called for Blagojevich to resign and said he would fully cooperate with investigators .
Blagojevich is accused of attempting to sell the seat vacated by President - elect Barack Obama .
Jackson Jr. acknowledged meeting with Blagojevich on Monday -- less than 24 hours before the governor 's arrest -- but he emphasized that it was the first meeting between the two men in more than four years .
" I thought mistakenly , I had a chance and I was being considered because I had earned it , " Jackson Jr. said .
Much of Jackson Jr.'s 10 - minute statement played more like a political address than a disquisition on his position on the periphery of a public corruption investigation .
He thanked the " thousands and thousands " of supporters who had bolstered his attempt to rise to the Senate and said he was still interested in the position .
ABC News first reported that Jackson Jr. was Candidate 5 , and Jackson Jr.'s lawyer confirmed the report later in the day .
According to the FBI affidavit , candidate 5 was a key piece of Blagojevich 's attempt to enrich himself in exchange for the appointment .
On Dec. 4 , the governor told an aide of the possibility that he might " get some ( money ) up front , maybe " from Senate Candidate 5 to hold him to a promise of raising money for Blagojevich 's re-election campaign .
Jackson Jr. told ABC " it 's impossible " that anyone would have made such an offer on his behalf .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Dec. 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Lawyer : Jackson is Senate candidate 5
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast Dec. 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This video is from ABCNew.com , broadcast Dec. 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
» Current News : Click
Here to support the mod ! «
Rent - A - Map™ with TimeShare® CANCELLED !!!
02 ish April , 2020 | by Hezus View Comments Yesterday we announced our new Rent - A - Map™ feature and the initial reactions were great !
Paying a small fee to support development for something you could have used for free otherwise seemed to really inspire our playerbase .
However , it also inspired a bunch of lawyers to send us an email about the legal obligations once you call something ' rent ' .
Apparently once we rent out our maps we are also legally obligated to maintain and support said maps for the foreseeable future .
This would not be a problem for our official maps , but since we were planning to apply the Rent - A - Map™ system to all custom maps out there ( more than 1500 ! ) , we 'll be maintaining maps for the rest of our foreseeable lives !
We were trying to make the maps make money for us , not the other way around .
So , Rent - A - Map™ will be put on hold for now and we 're going back to the drawing board to think up another way to make quick money with minimal effort .
We 're already exploring several routes , including lootboxes and nanotransactions , so stay tuned for more updates April First 2021 !
Rent - A- Map™
01 April , 2020 | by Hezus View Comments
We here at Sven Co-op work hard on new engine and gameplay features to bring you the best possible co-operative experience .
However , we have been having a hard time delivering new official maps with our releases .
We only want to give you the AAA + material you good people all deserve but it takes a lot of time to create such maps .
Many of our mappers only work on the MOD in their limited free time and need their day jobs to be financially secure .
But now , we came up with a solution for both of these problems :
Of course you want to play Sven Co-op 24/ 7 but you also have to eat at some point , visit relatives or walk your dog .
Plus , you can only play one map at a time , so for 99 % of the time , all the maps in your library are unused !
So , why pay a lot of money for a map you 're only playing every now and then ?
Why own a thing you hardly use , when you can also RENT it for the time you are using it ?
The solution : Rent - A - Map™ !
For only a small fee you can now rent a map of your choice for your server !
Our handy Steam GUI will allow you to select your favourite map , set a rent time and your credit card , PayPal or Steam wallet info and you 'll be playing it right away !
And of course you want your friends to join in !
That 's why we 're also offering Rent - A - Map™ TimeShare® .
Set the number of friends you want to share this map with and you can invite them straight into your game .
You can get great discounts by using TimeShare® : up to 25 % for a 16 - player Time - Share ® !
New useful features have been added to the game , such as the Rent - Timer© widget !
When your subscription to a map you are playing is nearing its end , a pop-up will automaticly appear on your screen .
A simple click will extend your subscription by an additional hour , giving you enough time to finish the map .
We 're currently converting all official maps to the Rent - A - Map™ system , which will be activated in the next update of Sven Co-op !
Our awesome new feature will give you all the convenience and us the funds we need to continue creating high quality content !
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 4566677 / Release 5.22 ]
16 January , 2020 | by AdamR View Comments
An update for Sven Co-op has been released .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Notable changes Fix for Windows 10 users using different DPI scales per-monitor .
Increased maximum weapons to 256 .
Code Game library Commands " myinfo " and " thatinfo " :
Show entity index in a header for slightly better formatting .
Show name for classification number .
Show whether that means the class is player allied or not .
HUD : Fixed an issue where scripted weapons failed to display their ammo sprites in the ammo history list , if two or more weapons shared the same ammo type , and the first one was n't loaded .
Fixed buffer overflow caused by parsing muzzle script files with lines greater than 32 characters long .
Fixed an issue with " Unknown User Msg " being output to console .
Caused by spore grenades on the first map load .
Map cycle : Added server CVAR " mp_nextmap_ignore_mapcfg " , which when enabled will ignore CVAR " mp_nextmap " being used by map configurations .
--
Fixes the blight caused by really legacy maps misusing the " mp_nextmap " CVAR when they already had a " trigger_changelevel " entity .
Console now shows a message if the map cycle is going to be re-loaded including why .
File modified timestamp is now remembered , so that if a map cycle file is edited whilst a server is running this will be noticed ( and reloaded ) on the next map change .
Fixed a map series running in loop indefinitely .
Fixed potentially marking an invalid map as the cycle 's first map when loading it .
The next map due to run , stored in CVAR " mp_nextmap_cycle " , is now sent to players every 60 seconds along with the time left , so that the string in the score board is updated should the CVAR have been changed manually by an admin or by a server plug -in .
monster_sqknest : Fixed a crash that could occur when Snark Nest owned by entity other than Alien Grunt was destroyed ( i.e. Snark Nests created by squadmakers ) .
multisource : Reverting changes from previous update that caused delayed triggers to be ignored by multisource entities .
Fixes numerous maps which suddenly had issues with the release of 5.21 .
trigger_changesky :
Fixed a crash that occurred when the " Update all players " flag was n't set and no valid activator was passed .
[ Linux ]
The server library is no longer " libssl.so.1.0.0 " and " libcrypto.so.1.0.0 " dependent .
Engine Increased maximum weapons to 256 .
[ Windows ]
Executables use an updated DPI setting for per-monitor high DPI awareness .
Maps Half - Life Campaign HL_C05_A3 : Fixed misaligned biohazard barrel texture on all pushable barrels .
Fixed the func_door_rotating fall - through - ceiling pipe being usable by players .
HL_C06 : Fixed the func_door_rotating fall - through - ceiling pipe being usable by players .
Suspension Fixed lightmap problems
Sniper and Juggernaut now also get combat knifes
Changed glass texture inside osprey
Removed blue ambient from night mode Delta Increased weapon ID size to 8 bits from 7 bits .
Game manual Index : Added other social links .
Added SvenDS mailing list link .
Corrected Sven Manor entity guide link .
Maps Page : Added SCMapDB links .
Removed " .bsp " from BSP name for quicker copypasta .
Added Abandoned .
( Not sure why this was missing . )
Updated Dead Simple Neo 2 screen shot .
Corrected Robination to the revised version .
Misc Map cycle : Removed duplication of " deadsimpleneo2 " .
Removed older bundled " libssl.so.1.0.0 " and " libcrypto.so.1.0.0 " .
svencoop.sh : Removed " libssl.so.1.0.0 " and " libcrypto.so.1.0.0 " files from dependency check .
Removed Steam Overlay library from LD_PRELOAD until engine crash in full screen mode is fixed .
Steam overlay will not work on Linux for now .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 4566677 , dedicated server tool 4566690 , SDK tool 4566691 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 4534884 / Release 5.21 ]
01 January , 2020 | by AdamR View Comments
An update for Sven Co-op has been released .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Notable changes Black Mesa : Special Tactics Sector , level by Trempler , now has a serious balance fix .
( No more red team permanently winning ! )
Suspension , level by Hezus , now features night mode !
Level designers can now change the sky with new entity " trigger_changesky " .
Map Compile Tools : Default subdivide value has been increased to 528 .
This improves world polygon subdivision on all maps , which increases frame rates , and opens the possibility for utilization of 512x512 textures without excessive subdivision .
Important : Dedicated server operators running on Windows must install the Microsoft Visual C++ 2019 ( x86 ) re-distributable package .
This is available for free here : https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads
Code Game library
Added log entries for a non-valid player edict leaving .
Command " myinfo " / " thatinfo " :
Hide some properties that are completely irrelevant to the entity you 're asking about .
Command " myinfo " / " thatinfo " :
Show extra info such as target , master ( if applicable ) , model skin , model body , move type , solid type , and effect flags .
Debug CVARs " cl_outline_sounds " and " cl_spectrum_debug " are no longer saved to player 's config file .
Doors :
Do not attempt to play move / stop sound ( even " common/null.wav " ) when the sound string is empty or index choice is 0 ( none ) .
Doors :
Now play their locked sound on " +use " if locked .
Fixed " game_playerleave " not firing if the client that left somehow was n't a valid edict .
Fixed client command " dropitem " blocking a drop call on the " item_inventory " if it can't be dropped by the holder intently .
Fixed empty server timer from not working if the client that left somehow was n't a valid edict .
Fixed healing not working towards players using cameras or are invulnerable .
Fixed issue with ladders that freezes the game under specific circumstances .
Fixed missing sounds in demo recordings .
Fixed some locked sounds not being played when locked by master .
Host_Say ( ) : Messages written by the server console will be logged with keyword " console " instead of " say " .
Host_Say ( ) :
Put back a network message so players see their own text messages .
Host_Say ( ) : Removed duplicate network message for text messages .
Inventory UI : Drop button will have a red border if you 've selected an item that can't be dropped .
Inventory UI : Fixed icon string not being deleted when an item is dropped .
item_generic : Fixed pre-cache happening fully .
item_inventory : Fixed double - token ' ;' in key " item_name_canthave " creating a requirement for a non-existent item .
item_inventory : Fixed key " item_name_canthave " for trigger rules writing its value to `m_szRequiresItemName` ( for " item_name " ) instead of `m_szCantHaveItemName` .
item_inventory : Implemented action string to handle multiple inputs for the UI instead of just dropall=true / false .
( activate , drop , and dropall )
item_inventory : Items now have the option to delay their " activation " until the holder chooses .
item_inventory : Revised item attachment .
Items are now attached to the player model 's skeleton just like in Team Fortress Classic instead of just a crude origin copy .
Items : Console now shows a verbose message when its sequence is found ( and it is n't " idle " ) .
Items : Console now shows an error message if its sequence is n't found ( and it is n't " idle " ) .
Items : Sequence is now reset frame to 0 when being set .
If the sequence is n't found the framerate is set to 0 .
Map cycle :
Fixed the cycle moving on a map when it 's too soon to do so , because the expected next map has n't run yet .
This fixes cycles being broken ( maps being skipped ) due to either manual map changes off cycle , or multi-map series spanning 2 + maps causing a skip of 2 + cycle entries .
MOTD : Fixed " off - by - one " issue that caused memory corruption and crashes in some cases .
MOTD : Fixed a potential memory leak .
MOTD : Mission briefing text will now load from " maps/mapname.txt " if " maps/mapname_motd.txt " is missing or empty .
New cheat command " myfriction " to adjust your own friction value .
New cheat command " mygravity " to adjust your own gravity value .
( This works as a multiplier against the world standard , so " 1 " means normal , " 0.5 " means half , etc . )
New entity : " trigger_changesky " , allows mappers to change the sky texture of a map .
New network message " ChangeSky " to change sky map at runtime .
Physics object :
Do not force a drop to floor if the move type is n't gravitational .
Pick -ups : Allow mappers to use move type 8 , which disables gravity ( like move type 5 ) , but also disables incoming collisions .
Reverted client - side portal bullet trace effects to fix missing water splashes when shooting at shallow water .
Scoreboard now updates immediately for just - connected players .
Text messages from players will now appear in the console immediately .
trigger_counter : Remaining " to go " message now shown to the activating player on dedicated servers .
trigger_counter : Remaining " to go " message shown to all players if the activating player has gone .
trigger_counter :
When " to go " is over 3 you 're told how many there are instead of just " There are more to go " .
trigger_push and func_conveyor move direction will now dynamically update after a move by a trigger_setorigin .
Updated " custom_precache " to support pre-caching additional sky maps .
--
Useful if you 'll be using " trigger_changevalue " or " trigger_copyvalue " towards a " trigger_changesky " .
Wall health chargers deny use when players are at full health , instead of playing the looping healing sound and keep trying to heal .
When dropping ammo , it is now given directly to player in front of you .
If there is no player , or the player there cannot take the ammo , it will drop traditionally .
AngelScript API : Added the Seek method to CASFile for seeking through files , including the SeekFileFlag / SeekFileFlags_t definitions for specifying the seek mode .
Also modified the registration order for CASFileSystem subtypes in order to allow previously mentioned additions to register properly .
API : Added PluginExit , an optional plug - in function that gets called upon removing / reloading a plug - in while the server is running .
This allows server plugins to process and save persistent data as needed and clean up after certain objects that are otherwise not released until after changing the map , i.e. file handles .
Engine Incremented version to 5.0.1.4 .
Migrated to the latest Visual C++ toolset .
Requires Visual C++ Re-distributable for Visual Studio 2019 ( x86 ) .
Back - ported some bug fixes from vanilla GoldSrc :
Fixed " Client - side map cycle processing can fail " [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2318]
Fixed " Host_Kill_f crash server HLDS bug ( command kill ) " [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2129]
Fixed " MSG_WriteBitString can write incorrect characters " [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2323]
Fixed " PEntityOfEntIndex may not return the last player " [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2272]
Fixed " Some MSG_Read functions can return incorrect values " [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2324]
Following CVARs are now saved to player 's config : fps_override , gl_ansio , cl_filterstuffcmd [ https://github.com/ValveSoftware/halflife/issues/2237]
BSP files are checked for correct extension now ( .bsp ) .
( BSP files do n't have their own unique signature , aside from the version number .
The engine simply assumed that the model was a BSP if it did n't match any of the other known signatures . )
Fixed an issue where the " logaddress_add " command failed to detect duplicate list entries in some cases .
Fixed missing sounds in demo recordings .
GL model : 1024 surface extend size to match the map compiler 's 64 ( x16 ) instead of 16( x16 ) .
GL model : Show texture name with " Bad surface extents " to help mappers pinpoint the troublesome surface .
GL surface : Increase allowed light block size to 1600 luxels ( from 324 ) to allow for BSPs subdivided at 528 ( instead of 240 ) .
Legacy sound engine :
File loading is immediately aborted if one of the WAV info checks fails .
Legacy sound engine :
File name is printed for all WAV info error messages .
Legacy sound engine : Made the " Invalid loop length " WAV info error message non-critical .
Made the " File has been modified since starting the engine " error non-critical .
Rewrote ` PF_checkclient ( ) ` so that `FIND_CLIENT_IN_PVS ( ) ` works properly for multiple players in a server .
Several other entities in the game rely on this function to evaluate whether or not to think .
Most notably this update fixes the " monster_leech " freeze - in - place bug .
Steam P2P networking : Better error messages for connection failures .
The " sv_visiblemaxplayers " CVAR can no longer be used to advertise more player slots than there actually are .
Values higher than the current slot count set via the " maxplayers " command are ignored .
The model loader provides more detailed error messages .
Non-playable characters Alien Controller : Updated the bouncing ball attack entity to use the " WORLD_BOUNDARY " constant instead of Valve 's hardcoded +/- 4096 values , allowing it to spawn and exist outside the old world boundaries .
Barnacles :
Will now heal 20 % of their lost health ( if any ) while they are digesting during their idle think , that is when you see them cough up gibs and make a chewing noise .
Nihilanth : Updated the default min/max height , the electric balls and the teleporter balls to use the " WORLD_BOUNDARY " constant instead of Valve 's hardcoded +/- 4096 values .
Prevents the Nihilanth from restricting its min/max height when height target entities are n't present , and allows it to use its attacks outside the old world boundaries .
Stukabat : Improved find - perch - to - hang - from behavior .
Schedule now fails properly if a perch is n't found .
Weapons / Items weapon_medkit : Primary attack now checks whether the target entity is actually alive before healing it , this fixes corpse prop healing for pseudo - dead entities like monster_*_dead .
Maps Black Mesa : Special Tactics Sector Converted red team to use classification " Human Military " ( 4 ) instead of " Machine " ( 1 ) to reduce the excessive advantage from damage resistance .
Converted non-team NPCs using " Machine " ( 1 ) to " Human Military " ( 4 ) to balance with the above point .
Half - Life : Uplink Added a " Enable Survival mode ? " vote after the " Everybody ready ? " vote requires 70 % yes votes to enable .
Added a clip box around player controller turret .
Added a lock to the button it will unlock if the first vote is no or if no one votes .
Clipped stairs to be invisible ramps .
Fixed a pipe not being connected to a other pipe near the sewer exit .
Set " zhlt_noclip " as 1 to player controlled turret to avoid players getting stuck inside of the turret .
Suspension Now features night mode !
Added streetlights .
Added vote system for Day / Night mode .
Blocks under cables render / unrender .
Changed green lights to cyan in spawn .
Containers doors close after section ends .
Fixed small clip problem in sector 3 .
Improved container textures .
Improved HINT / SKIP .
Improved lighting effects ( new sprites and volumetric light models ) .
Improved wpoly by seperating func_walls / breakable brushes .
New HD portal sprites .
New HD textures .
New road texture .
New rope textures .
Recompiled with subdivide 528 .
Remade teleport sprite to remove dithering .
Reworked bridge suspension cables .
Sides of the bridge render / unrender .
They Hunger : Escape Optimized wpoly around the map .
Recompiled with new compilers featuring subdivide 528 .
( Map should have overall lower wpoly . )
Models Weapons / Items Medkit : Updated OP4 medkit view model to use Norman 's improved model with glowing buttons .
NPCs Classic Scientist : Recompiled model into a single file .
Classic Scientist : Tweaked some animation events that used old Half - Life sound methods ( * path/.wav ) Other Restored mouth controller for the They Hunger head models ;
Tweaked normals / smoothing groups ; Minor tweak to UV map for einarhead.mdl
Updated models used as inventory items to reflect the changes to the player bone merging code : Suspension ( bomb ) , They Hunger Escape ( battery , gas can , toolbox ) , Robination ( gasmask ) SDK Svencraft Migrated to the latest Visual C++ toolset .
Requires Visual C++ Re-distributable for Visual Studio 2019 ( x86 ) .
2D view options : Implemented default grid zoom .
Choices are 0 - 10 , with 1 - 10 mimicking the keyboard shortcut zoom levels .
( 10 being the level for your 0 key . )
Enlarged the " Check for map problems " dialogue so it 's more readable .
Fixed a buffer overrun in the FGD token reader .
Maximum length of key identifiers is now 256 to match our engine .
FGD Added " move type " choice " 8 " , " Hover in the air , ignore brush collision " , to applicable classes .
Added " trigger_changesky " .
custom_precache : Updated to allow pre-caching of sky maps .
item_inventory : Added new keys :
" activate_limit " - Self - activation limit ( 0 = infinite )
" holder_time_activate_wait " - Holder : Delay between self - activations ( 0 = none )
" holder_can_activate " - Holder : Allowed to self - activate
" holder_timelimit_wait_until_activated " - Holder :
Hold time limit does n't start until item activated
" target_on_activate " - Target :
On self - activate ( self )
" target_on_activate_team " - Target :
On self - activate ( team )
" target_on_activate_other " - Target :
On self - activate ( others )
" target_cant_activate " - Target :
On ca n't self - activate ( self )
" target_cant_activate_team " - Target :
On ca n't self - activate ( team )
" target_cant_activate_other " - Target :
On ca n't self - activate ( others )
" effects_wait_until_activated " - Effects :
Wait until item is self - activated ?
trigger_camera : Corrected missing word " Double " from " Left Double Click Param " and " Right Double Click Param " .
Map compile tools Added AVX2 binaries for those of you lucky enough to have such a modern CPU ( You may experience a very splendid benefit indeed during VIS and RAD . )
ZHLT Compile Tools : Default subdivide value has been increased to 528 .
This improves world polygon subdivision on all maps , which increases frame rates , and opens the possibility for utilization of 512x512 textures without excessive subdivision .
" DEFAULT_SUBDIVIDE_SIZE " now just reads " MAX_SUBDIVIDE_SIZE " directly .
Surface extents now go up to 64 instead of 16 , because we do n't need to worry about software rendering any more .
Other Game manual Updated team / credits page .
Misc FindHLDirectory.bat : Fixed a case where pInstallDir was wrongly identified as empty when it is n't .
FindHLDirectory.bat : Implemented a new search method which uses Steam installation path as start point and scans through all user 's library paths .
Users are n't required anymore to run Half - Life once to write ModInstallPath , as this method cover these cases where the user owns Opposing Force and / or Blue Shift but not Half - Life ( the only one capable of writing ModInstallPath registry ) .
Fixed seams in the xen8 sky .
Now seamless and correct angles on the ' dn ' texture .
svencoop.sh : A dialog box with a link to our public Discord server is now displayed in case of game crash .
svencoop.sh : Added a dependency checker which enumerates and notify the user about any missing library in their system .
Supports multiple dialog box types picking one that is installed in the system ( zenity , gxmessage , kdialog , yad , xmessage ) , as well as printing to Steam stdout .
svencoop.sh : Added - nosteamruntime launch option which disables the usage of Steam runtime libraries and use system 's provided instead .
This behaviour is automatically enforced if Steam client is launched with STEAM_RUNTIME=0 .
svencoop.sh : Fixed Steam overlay not working on Linux .
svencoop.sh : Reset $ PATH to system default env ( without Steam additions ) when running with - nosteamruntime parameter .
svencoop.sh : Script now prints on terminal / Steam stdout some extra information , such as GNU C version and all defined environment variables during runtime , when launching the game to help diagnose game launching issues .
Text UI resources :
Use spaces for tabs , remove confusion from editors .
Titles :
Added entry for activating an item ( inventory ) .
Titles : Added entries for the MOTD / briefing buttons .
User advanced settings : Added drop down for Discord rich presence options .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 4534884 , dedicated server tool 4534885 , SDK tool 4534886 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 3735813 / Release 5.20 ]
14 April , 2019 | by AdamR View Comments
An update for Sven Co-op has been released .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Code Engine [ VGUI2 / GameUI ]
Fixed paste command not working for password fields .
[ VGUI2 / GameUI ]
Number pad Enter can be used to confirm choices , buttons , dialogs , etc .
[ Networking ]
All recvfrom / sendto related socket errors are now non-critical ( similar to Source engine ) .
To see socket related errors set the " developer " CVAR to " 1 " or higher .
Fixes the " ERROR : Network is unreachable " shutdown on Linux .
Fixes the " ERROR : NO ERROR " shutdown on Windows .
[ Networking ]
Proper error messages are now printed for recvfrom / sendto errors on both Windows and Linux ( Linux - only previously ) .
Added few security fixes present in vanilla GoldSrc but missing from Svengine .
Disabled post - map change texture stats .
( " gl_texstats " still works as before )
Fixed multiple info string exploits .
Fixed unsafe string handling in DLL interfaces .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 3735813 , dedicated server tool 3735815 , SDK tool 3735816 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 3695902 ]
01 April , 2019 | by JPolito View Comments Normally I 'd like to report good news concerning Sven Co-op to you but , sadly , this is not such occasion .
Last week one of our senior developers , Adam , suffered a grave injury while working on our new bug tracking system .
It turned out one of our repository servers was n't correctly installed in its bracket and came loose and hit Adam on his pinky toe .
While our lives as developers are mostly fun and games , moments like these make you realise how precious life is and how important workplace safety can be .
While Adam held an icepack on his toe , we started discussing how our MOD 's content does n't reflect our newly found believes about safety in the workplace .
Especially our cornerstone , the Half - Life campaign , is a terrible example of the use of safety measures and this is not how we would like to portray ourselves any longer .
So , we 'd like to present to you :
We 've worked hard to bring you a better version of Half - Life Co-op : a version where workspace safety is n't neglected and things go according to protocol .
No one has to suffer any injuries or even think of the possibility of dying on the job in this improved installment !
So , make sure to play our new version through the SP Portal map !
We 're eagerly awaiting your feedback and are already on the way to adjust our Blue Shift campaign to feature the same high standard of workplace safety .
Also , we 'll be cutting the complete Opposing Force campaign from the game , since ( with improved safety protocols ) the Black Mesa accident did not happen .
Check out our preview with some of the new high - lights of the improved campaign !
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Notable changes Implemented Steam P2P ( peer - to - peer ) based network layer .
Allows players to host listen servers without the hassle of port forwarding .
( usage : " connect STEAM_1:1:12345678 " )
The Anomalous Materials Laboratory in Half - Life now follows proper workplace safety regulations .
Our version of Hammer has been renamed to Svencraft to ensure the changes from our engine customisations are distinguished from vanilla GoldSrc map editors .
( Mainly Hammer . ) --
There is a new subsection for this in the SDK section towards the end .
Code Game library [ Sound Engine ]
File names with spaces are parsed correctly now ( Note : Even with this change it 's still not recommended to use spaces in file names ) .
Implemented Discord rich presence .
Removed cached .wad , no longer needed ( only used by the old WON builds for the console background image ) .
The engine now skips this file if referenced by the " wad " key value .
Engine [ Event System ]
Event directories are now mounted as read only .
Fixes BZ2 compression not working for the sound cache file .
[ FastDL ] Added URL encoding .
FastDL should now work for files containing spaces and / or special characters .
[ GameUI ] Fixed Options Dialog not displaying all required tabs in some games .
[ MP3 player ]
Added new commands " cd list " and " mp3 list " - prints the current track list .
[ MP3 player ]
Fixed MP3 music not playing in some games when loading new map ( i.e. " c0a0 " in Half - Life ) .
[ MP3 player ]
Default sampling rate is 44100 Hz now .
( Was 22050 Hz . )
[ MP3 player ]
Removed support for audio CD playback .
All games that were using the legacy CD audio are now available with MP3 soundtrack , so this feature is no longer needed .
Fixes an issue where the game would start playing audio CD , if there was one present in user 's optical drive .
[ MP3 player ]
The player now supports custom track lists ( media/tracklist.txt ) .
The default track list is still hard - coded in the engine and will be used as a fallback , if custom track list file does n't exist .
[ VGUI2 ] RichText : Fixed text selection starting with a new line character even when it should n't .
Fixes a common problem where text copied from the developer console was n't accepted by the console input line .
[ VGUI2 ]
TextEntry :
The copy - paste feature no longer skips the last character for multi-line TextEntry components .
Added disconnect countdown to the " WARNING : Connection Problem " message .
( Similar to Source . )
All " gfx.wad " related errors are non-critical now .
( Worst case scenario , the " PAUSED " / " LOADING ... " images wo n't be visible . )
" cl_timeout " values less than or equal to 0 now mean " no timeout " .
Fixes an issue where the client got disconnect immediately after joining a server , if " cl_timeout " met this condition .
Dedicated server no longer loads " gfx.wad " as it does n't need it for anything .
Fixed the " heartbeat " console command .
Forces heartbeat refresh of master server ( Steam ) .
Fixed the " lambert " CVAR .
Can be used to tweak studio model lighting ( together with the " direct " CVAR ) .
Requires " sv_cheats 255 " .
Fixed the " MAX_GLTEXTURES " client error .
Studio and sprite textures are now unloaded after each map change .
Added new debug command , " gl_texstats " .
Implemented Steam P2P ( peer - to - peer ) based network layer .
Supports NAT traversal and Steam relay servers .
Ideal for listen servers .
Can be disabled by adding " - nop2 p " to launch options .
Improved OpenGL state consistency between the various draw methods .
Fixes UI transparency not working correctly in some cases ( i.e. VGUI2 text selection ) .
Map WAD loader now ignores following special WADs : gfx.wad , cached .wad , and fonts .wad , in addition to already ignored pldecal.wad/tempdecal.wad files .
Map WADs are now checked for correct lump type .
Only lump type 67 ( 0x43 , mipmapped picture ) is allowed , other lumps are ignored .
( Loading them could cause access violation . )
Migrated the engine to C++ and the latest Visual C++ toolset .
Requires Visual C++ Re-distributable for Visual Studio 2017 ( x86 ) .
Removed support for 16 - and 24 - bit color depths ( including the " - 16 b pp " , " - 24 b pp " , and " - 32 bpp " launch parameters ) .
This is no longer useful as all relevant video adapters / drivers support 32 - bit colors without any performance or compatibility issues .
( The feature was broken anyway since the SteamPipe GoldSrc update . )
The engine now checks if there is room for another map WAD before loading it .
( max . 128 map WADs )
Updated Steam API and libraries to version shipped with the latest Steamworks SDK ( v1.43 , 20th February 2019 ) .
When joining a password protected server the user is prompted to ( re ) enter the password , if the " password " CVAR is empty or invalid .
Maps Half - Life Campaign Implemented workplace safety level alterations .
Half - Life Single Player Portal Implemented workplace safety level alterations .
They Hunger Implemented high - quality radio station music loops and ending credits music ( Loungemeat - You Are What I Eat ) .
[ TH_EP2_04 ]
Removed the seamless teleport in the stairwell and merged both halves of the map together .
Reworked some rooms so that they would fit .
Optimized clip nodes .
Sounds Weapons / Items [ They Hunger Weapons ]
Monofied all sound effects and increased volume for tesla gun effects .
SDK Svencraft
Our version of Hammer has been renamed to Svencraft to ensure the changes from our engine customisations are distinguished from vanilla GoldSrc map editors .
( Mainly Hammer . ) 2D views now show angle / size for brush transformations .
3D view clear color can be changed from the " Options " dialog now .
Defaults to teal .
Active 3D views are now refreshed by a timer - results in more stable frame rates .
Added new file filter option that displays both RMF and MAP files .
Added support for animated textures .
Added support for masked textures .
Added support for NPOT textures .
Added support for " sequence " , " skin " and " body " key values .
Added support for transparent objects .
Default texture name is now saved per-game .
Enabled anisotropic texture filtering .
Face texture edit : Larger texture preview to fit the widened dialogue .
Scales , shifts , and rotation will now be normalised up to 6 point precision instead of 2 point .
( This fixes very precisely fitted textures being wrongly rounded when revisiting that face in the tool . )
Scales , shifts , and rotation will now have trailing zeros ( and a subsequent trailing dot for whole numbers ) trimmed .
--
Expect nice and precise numbers like 1 , 2.25 , 1.325 , 2.62421 , etc. ( No more 1.00 , 2.50 , etc . )
Using the justify options will no longer produce negative numbers or numbers equal to the texture size in the shift .
( You should see zero figures more often when no shifting was really required . )
FGD Parser :
There is now an error message if the target FGD file does not exist .
Strings and tokens can be up to 1024 characters long now ( was 128 ) .
Fixed a freeze issue when parsing long strings ( > 128 chars ) .
Error is displayed for strings longer than 1024 chars .
Fixed an issue where long comments ( > 512 chars ) could cause parsing errors .
Comment length is now unlimited .
File paths can now be up to 260 ( MAX_PATH ) characters long ( was 128 ) .
Fixed a potential crash issue caused by long status / error messages .
Unified size of all message buffers .
Fixed studio models animating too fast , if there is more than one instance of the same model .
Game configs are now saved as XML . --
The editor can still load old binary WC game configs , but it can't save in that format any more .
Message window supports text selection and clipboard operations .
Messages generated early during the startup process are buffered ( instead of being thrown away ) and copied to the Message window once it 's available .
Object properties : Implemented angle dials for pitch and roll .
Implemented angle drop downs containing commonly used angles .
( Can be disabled in the options . )
Interface tweaks to improve usability .
Key value changes are now applied immediately .
It 's no longer necessary to de-select the entity for the changes to take effect .
Smart Edit mode setting no longer resets when switching between entities .
Studio model animations now reset back to frame 0 when animations are disabled by the user .
Texture browser :
Added new scale / size modes : 400 % , 200 % , 100 % , 50 % , 25 % , 32x32 , 48x48 , 64x64 , 96x96 , 128x128 , 192x192 , 256x256 , 384x384 , and 512x512 .
Added option that will stretch small textures when in tile mode .
Fixed a problem where it was n't always possible to scroll to the very top when using mouse wheel .
Fixed horizontal scrollbar being always visible even when not needed .
Polished the UI .
Set the filter combo-box to always have focus when opening the texture browser .
Texture group ( WAD name ) is now displayed for the selected texture .
Texture names are properly clipped now .
Texture previews maintain aspect ratio of the displayed texture ( optional ) .
Window now has proper icon .
Texture filtering modes can be changed on - the - fly now .
Multiple modes available : None , Bilinear , Trilinear , and Anisotropic 2 x - 16 x .
Texture lists are now saved per-game .
The crosshair in 3D views is now perfectly symmetrical .
Up to 100 WAD files may be loaded at once when adding WADs to a game configuration .
User Interface : Added controls for the new rendering features to " Options - > 3D Views " ( animated textures , NPOT textures , texture filtering modes , alpha blending , masked textures ) .
Added " Rename " button to the " Game Config " dialog .
Added confirmation dialog for the " Delete config " operation .
Added " Reset " button to the texture dialog .
All dockable windows are resizeable now .
Cleaned up toolbar bitmaps .
Fixed transparency .
" Editor options " and " Game configurations " are two separate windows now .
Message window is now dockable .
New " About " dialog .
New splash screen and program icons ( courtesy of DGF ) .
New toolbar for file operations ( New , Open , Save ) .
New toolbar and menu for rendering options ( Masked textures , Animated textures , Blending , Studio model rendering , Studio model anims ) .
Replaced the old " MS Sans Serif " UI font with " MS Shell Dlg " ( TrueType font ) .
Tweaked many dialogs for better user experience ( bigger texture previews , more space for file lists , horizontal scrollbars for overflowing fields , etc. )
Updated the application to use MFC Feature Pack ( better look and feel ) .
Updated the " Web Resources " menu .
Visgroups are no longer displayed after a map is closed .
When adding new WADs the list is checked for duplicates .
Files that are already present on the list are skipped and the user is informed about what happened .
World size can be changed per-game .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 3695902 , dedicated server tool 3695904 , SDK tool 3695905 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab.
20 years of Sven Co-op ! -- Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 3482406 ]
19 January , 2019 | by AdamR View Comments Nothing interesting ever happens on a Tuesday .
Except for January 19th , 1999 .
This is when Sven Co-op beta 0.8 was released to the just recently formed Half - Life community .
When it became clear that Half - Life ( unlike its predecessors Doom and Quake ) would not have a co-operative mode , the community took the task upon itself to fill the void Valve left behind .
One of those people was Sven Viking .
At this point , Sven Co-op was not much more than a proof of concept , or to put it into Sven 's own words : " mostly just to give everyone an idea of what I 'm doing , partly because of various bugs in the map that I do n't know how to fix :) " .
At this point the mod consisted of only one map and a few scripts .
Sven found help sorting out the initial problems he was facing and the few rooms that made up beta 0.8 quickly grew into a full fledged map , which was released in early May of that same year .
This all happened 20 years ago , in a time when , for many people , going on - line was met with dial - up tones from your modem , playing games on low resolution software rendering and a latency of 300 ms was n't something to complain about .
Luckily for us all , technology has moved forward and so has Sven Co-op .
Ever since that first map , SC has tried to push the boundaries of what is possible with Half - Life .
We 've seen thousands of maps , models and other custom assets made by our community members , millions of downloads and , most importantly , countless hours of co-operative game play fun !
After two decades , Sven Co-op still has a steady and rich player base and a dedicated group of talented developers and we believe , especially since our standalone release on Steam in 2016 , that there will be much more to look forward to in the future !
Come celebrate Sven Co-op 's anniversary with us by joining the servers and make sure to give " svencoop1 " a replay for old times ' sake .
We 'll be there !
For the nostalgic or the curious , the original website from 1999 is available here .
This is also where you can still find the original beta 0.8 !
An update for Sven Co-op has been released .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
This is officially the first release to drop support for Windows XP / 2003 , Windows Vista /2008 , and Linux with GLibC earlier than version 2.24 . --
Sven Co-op may fail to work completely on those operating systems .
More information Changes are as follows : Notable changes Event system to adjust various content according to the event .
-- Content for our 20th anniversary included .
Better support for Stretch and Buster versions of Debian Linux .
Code Game library Linux specific : Added local build of LibSSL 1.0.0 , so secure connections will now work on Stretch and Buster versions of Debian .
Removed " vgui2_controls.a " .
Removed i486 binaries .
Removed local build of LibSTD C++ 6 .
Updated local build of LibCURL to 7.63.0 , and fixed the certificate authority path not being correct for some distributions .
AngelScript Added new hooks : PickupObject :: CanCollect , PickupObject :: Materialize , PickupObject :: Collected .
DamageInfo.
pVictim is no longer constant .
( Fixes casting issues . )
Documentation : Changed how hook description is handled and added description for all existing hooks .
The plug - in manager can handle multiple plug - in lists now .
Updated AngelScript to version 2.33.0 ( 22nd December 2018 ) .
IMPORTANT : Arrays no longer contains a " length " property .
Getting the length of an array must be done with " array.length ( ) " instead of " array.length " .
Engine Added support for wide - screen menu backgrounds .
In wide - screen mode " BackgroundLoadingLayoutWide.txt " / " BackgroundLayoutWide.txt " definition files are checked first , and if not found " BackgroundLoadingLayout.txt " / " BackgroundLayout.txt " is used as a fall - back .
All search paths are cleaned up before they get registered by the file system .
( This should fix path inconsistencies caused by the SvenDS launcher still returning relative paths on some Linux systems . )
Both launchers ( client and server ) now use the same method when building their " basedir " path .
( The server originally returned " . " instead of the actual absolute path causing content to be missing if you had n't set the shell 's working directory first . )
Dedicated server UI : Fixed dedicated server not starting properly occasionally when launched in the UI mode .
Fixed graph axis labels .
Fixed some fields not initializing properly until a minute later .
Detailed information is provided if client or server library fails to load .
( This is especially useful on Linux where it should report any missing " .so " dependencies . )
Files created by the engine ( server logs , tempdecal.wad , custom.hpk , user.scr , settings.scr ) now use the " GAMECONFIG " PathID to make sure they will always end up in the main game directory ( " svencoop " ) even if some other path was added later on ( " svencoop_hd " , " svencoop_event_ * " etc. ) .
Fixed an issue where the key value parser accessed and potentially corrupted memory beyond the terminating zero if an empty string was passed in .
Fixed an issue where the string loaded from background layout files was n't zero - terminated correctly before parsing .
Fixed buffer overflow and some unsafe string operations when un-mounting file system paths .
Fixed buffer overflows in demo parsing .
( HL Github issue # 1654 )
Fixed heap corruption issue that would occur when destroying stack - located instances of UtlBuffer .
Fixed Mod_Extradata ( ) accessing model data incorrectly for sprites .
Fixed some garbled and / or misleading error messages .
Fixed script includes not working between the different game folders ( " svencoop " , " svencoop_addon " , " svencoop_downloads " , etc. ) on dedicated servers .
Host_EndGame messages are always printed to the console now , even if the " developer " CVAR is set to " 0 " .
Legacy sound system : Removed support for automatic ambient sounds , including the " ambient_level " and " ambient_fade " CVARs .
( Quake feature , broken and unused in GoldSrc . )
Linux : Fixed a client crash when changing video settings .
Linux : Removed i486 binaries .
More specific reason is provided if the engine fails to create an SDL Window .
Server Browser : Removed default ping ports not related to GoldSrc based games .
Resolution of chrome textures is no longer locked to 64 x 64 px .
The UI code now uses separate pathID " UI " to load resources .
( Only relevant paths are searched now . )
Video Options : Everything with aspect ratio >= 1.4 is considered as a wide - screen now .
VGUI2 : Combo box , check box , radio button , scrollbar , and frame now use Marlett font glyphs for their graphics .
Fixed editable panels not resizing correctly .
Fixed fonts being too large on Linux compared to Windows .
( Proper height to PPEm calculation is used now . )
Fixed some fonts not loading on Linux .
Minor visual tweaks to some of the VGUI2 controls .
Sound Attack trace line strike sound now uses the new dirt / grass impact for CHAR_TEX_DIRT
If a material definition is too long it will be trimmed until it fits .
( Still logged it as a warning though for the mapper 's attention . )
Non-playable characters NPCs using an MP5 will now use 1 of 3 sounds randomly when firing instead of just 1 : Bodyguard , human grunt ( HL and OP4 ) , male assassin , and robot grunt .
[ HWGrunt ]
Will now stop firing the minigun if launched into the air .
Weapons / Items
Fixed a holder 's item ( item_inventory ) list pointer being wrongly nulled even when they still have items , for example ones that can be kept on respawn .
Fixed an issue where the active weapon would n't get detached from the player when he died and used cheats to revive himself .
Fixed ammo and weaponbox entities not firing their targets when collected .
Fixed the player 's MP5 only pre-caching and using 1 sound instead of all 3 .
Weapon pick - ups now retain their target name , target , colour map , skin , and body when respawned .
Events
All options are described directly in " event_info.txt " .
Console commands : " ev_list " - lists all detected events " ev_scan " - scans for new / updated events " ev_curtime " - prints the current ( UTC ) time as returned by Steam API " ev_enable < event_name > " - enables event " ev_disable < event_name > " - disables event " ev_activate < event_name > " - force - activates event " ev_release < event_name > " - deactivates force - activated event
Maps Abandoned
Moved second checkpoint away a bit and placed it next to the chair inside of generator room .
Crystal [ Part 2 ]
Added one barnacle weapon right below checkpoint at middle of jumping puzzle .
Judgement Added objective signs in the central area .
More explosives available .
Reduced Garg HP from 3000 to 2500 on hard .
Reduced round time from 10 to 7 minutes .
When playing with reduced weapon respawn rate : Weapon respawn frequency changed from 7 to 5.5 minutes .
Single player campaign portal Added They Hunger campaign .
Changed paths of sounds , models and scripts to one name pattern .
Sounds Other New impact / ricochet sounds for dirt / grass and sand / gravel .
SDK FGD Added " Glow Shell " to render effects .
Map compile tools MAX_MAP_PLANES is now 65535 .
( Limit of 32767 was only there for the faces limit , which is now 65536 . )
StudioMDL Bones with attachments are always preserved .
Brand new help screen .
New command line argument " - k " : keep all unused bones .
New QC command " $ keepallbones " : keep all unused bones .
New QC command " $ keepbone < bonename > " : keep specified bone even if unused .
New QC command " $ protected < bonename > " : same as " $ keepbone " ( Added for compatibility with DoomMusic 's StudioMDL ) .
Removed UV clamping .
( This was only ever supposed to be used in the removed " $ cliptotextures " mode . )
Resolution of chrome textures is no longer locked to 64 x 64 px .
Tweaked few error messages ; added new warning messages .
Other Misc Linux SvenDS launcher : Added a warning message for users running as a root ( why would you do that ?
Double quotes wherever was needed to avoid issues with spaced strings .
Host CPU family below 6 ( i486 ) will just quit the script .
( We 're not in 80's / 90 's any more ! )
If " - map " is not specified at start - up , _server_start is used by default .
( Can be disabled with " - nodefaultmap " . )
Improved auto update feature : Added support for updating with passworded branches . ( - beta_password )
Added support for SteamCMD script . ( - steamcmd_script )
Tries to auto detect SteamCMD binary location if " - autoupdate " is specified without " - steam_dir " , either from system installed ( package manager ) or " $svends_dir/ steamcmd " folder ( vanilla GoldSrc way ) .
User defined " - steam_dir " overrides this even if it is invalid !
( Skips auto - update if none is found . )
Increased " ulimit - c " max core file size settings to " unlimited " .
( This has no effect without " - debug " parameter . )
Lots of optimization and standardization .
Re-implemented auto detection for CPU vendor and selecting proper binary ( svends_i686 or svends_amd ) .
This was previously available in older GoldSrc script .
( Can be overridden with " - binary " parameter . )
Removed unused console log option .
Replaced forum URL with Discord vanity URL in crash message .
Server example configurations :
Added a read - me to guide you though what the folder is for and how to use it .
Added more profile examples with lots of improvements .
Changed " sv_zmax " to 32768 .
Changed misspelled " sv_player_log_frequency " CVAR name to " sv_log_player_frequency " .
Renamed " servers " to " servers_example " so Steam updates do n't ruin your changes .
Removed " platformconfig/InGameDialogConfig.vdf " .
Removed reslist files .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 3482406 , dedicated server tool 3482409 , SDK tool 3482410 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Dropping support for Windows XP / 2003 , Windows Vista /2008 , and Linux GLIBC < 2.24 as of Sven Co-op 5.18
11 December , 2018 | by AdamR View Comments
Hello everyone ,
We would like to take this opportunity to inform you all that as of our next release ( 5.18 )
Sven Co-op will no longer support running on various outdated operating systems .
We do not have a release date for 5.18 yet , and to be honest are n't really in a position to consider a date yet , but we'd like to warn you all in advance anyway in case you need to plan any upgrades .
We will of course mention this again in the 5.18 release notes , but please treat this as a final reminder .
Part of the reason for this is Valve 's decision to drop Windows XP and Vista support with Steam as of 1st January 2019 .
Also as we previously announced nearly 3 years ago this would be inevitable as operating system components begin to deprecate and remove older functionality , which is beyond our control .
Using more up to date operating systems ( and their underlying components ) also offers us more opportunity to make the most of their functionality and efficiency upgrades , which ultimately ends up in a better product for all of you .
Windows XP , 2003 , Vista , and 2008 We do n't need to tell you how out of date Windows XP and 2003 are .
Given the growing number of security holes it has going un - patched it would be very ill - advised to use these operating systems for anything at all .
Sven Co-op may still work with Windows Vista and 2008 for a while , however any issues that arise specific to this version will not be supported by us .
We 've not done anything deliberate to stop this working , but as none of our team use these versions we can't test on them .
As there is a noticeable hardware requirement gap between Windows XP / 2003 and Vista ( and later ) you will almost certainly need to consider this too .
This is also out of our control , sorry .
The hardware requirements between Windows Vista right the way up to Windows 10 do n't have such a wide gap though , so if you 're already running Windows Vista there is a likelihood that you can also run any of the newer versions on the same hardware .
Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 will still be supported for the foreseeable future , again , until circumstances beyond our control dictate otherwise .
Linux using GLIBC earlier than 2.24 All Linux installations will require GLIBC version 2.24 or later .
This coincides with an internal infrastructure upgrade from Debian 8 " Jessie " to Debian 9 " Stretch " .
Debian 9 , which we compile our code for Linux on , has not only been stable for nearly 2 years now but can be upgraded to from previous versions easily enough , so this should n't be much of an issue .
( It can typically be done without issue within the hour on a high speed Internet connection . )
Those of you running Ubuntu version 16.10 or later will not be impacted .
If you 're running the previous LTS ( 16.04 ) you can likely upgrade to the current LTS ( 18.04 ) easily enough as with most Debian based Linux distributions .
Sorry to disappoint further , but those of you wanting to run SvenDS on RHEL , CentOS , or FreeBSD will still not be able to do so just as you can't now .
To be clear on this , as a game development team we have no desire to support enterprise type distributions of Linux .
Though they may be great for many applications , games are certainly not their purpose .
Our choice down the Debian distribution path correlates with a happy balance between fairly up to date software and stable proven software .
The Debian path also matches Valve 's preference with Steam , particularly as they use this for their own SteamOS distribution , of which the current version ( 3.0 ) is also based on Debian 9 .
If you 're not sure which version of GLIBC your Linux installation runs you can find out using ` ldd -- version ` from a terminal , or check this table at Wikipedia .
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 3082297 ]
01 September , 2018 | by AdamR View Comments
Hello everyone , it 's been a while since we last gave you an update .
( Very nearly 7 months ago in fact . )
We 're still here though , and have a slightly bigger package than normal this time round .
hehehe
Big thank you to everyone that took part in the release candidate testing via Discord .
We feel that this added value to the finalisation of this release , and hope to do the same RC testing next time round .
If you 're not on our Discord yet you can join here : https://discord.gg/svencoop
First and foremost , Hezus has built a brand new map " Suspension " ( or Bridge 3 ) , featuring assault style game play with up - to 8 playable classes to choose from .
Vote to play one of four difficulty levels ( with a supporting treat for the hardest ) based on your teamwork and toughness , pushing yourself to not only complete the mission but reach that far away platinum award for doing so with zero deaths on your team .
Please have a play with any amount of players and let us know what you think .
--
The map 's difficulty will dynamically adjust according to the player count .
Beware that a late joiner on insane difficulty will use up the single spare ticket though , so be sure to have at least one medic playing .
At least one player will need to have explosives , such as the engineer , assault , and pointman classes .
Secondly we have a noticeable wave of engine updates ranging from anti-aliasing support , better Metamod support , more reliable progress indicators for content downloads , and everything in - between .
Server operators that have been using a fork of Metamod - P specifically for Sven Co-op should no longer use this , but instead use the standard distribution of Metamod - P. Please also fully revert modifications in your " liblist.gam " file as you should not be modifying this , as we 've needed to add extra properties to it .
--
Best practise is to use the - dll launch parameter for specifying an alternative server binary such as Metamod - P to keep " liblist.gam " crisp .
Finally it 's worth a mention that the sound engine has had some tweaks to compensate for volume and room effect ( EAX ) workarounds present in previous builds .
You may find that your game is twice as loud , so if you had your " volume " setting on 0.8 consider halving this down to 0.4 , though this wo n't be required for everyone .
Expect further improvements in an upcoming build to improve room effects ( EAX ) even more so , particularly to reduce the amount of crackles and pops you can hear at high volumes .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Notable changes New map " Suspension " , by Hezus .
Important notes Everyone : Your " autoexec.cfg " should be reverted manually .
It 's a user file but we may need to push important changes to it .
( Any problems , just delete the file and re-validate your game . )
: Your " autoexec.cfg " should be reverted manually .
It 's a user file but we may need to push important changes to it .
( Any problems , just delete the file and re-validate your game . )
Server operators :
Please fully reset " liblist.gam " , as you should n't be modifying this anyway .
--
The game will not run properly without some new settings in there .
: Please fully reset " liblist.gam " , as you should n't be modifying this anyway .
--
The game will not run properly without some new settings in there .
Server operators :
If you 're running Metamod please use the vanilla distribution , do not use custom builds for Sven Co-op any more .
( They should n't be needed and we 'd like to verify that . )
Code Game library A debug message is printed when following files are loaded by the game : sentence list , material list , replacement map ( sounds / models ) .
Requires " developer 1 " .
Added new cheat command " cl_invisible " .
Makes you invisible and non-targetable when activated .
Added spawn flags and classification to " myinfo " / " thatinfo " .
Ban voting is now disabled as standard unless configured by the server .
Bounce sounds : Volume and pitch is relative to impact velocity .
The impacts should sound more natural now .
Changed the maximum " sv_zmax " value from 16000 to 454046 ( larger than the max grid size ) , which should fix black sky box issues that could be seen in enormous maps .
Clamped " volume " and " MP3 Volume " to range 0.0 - 1.0 .
Creating an RPG rocket via the " create " cheat command now matches your view angles , so it fires where you 're looking rather than just firing flat .
Door and button entities can now be re-positioned to the locations of other brush entities via trigger_setorigin and should open and close correctly .
Doors / Platforms : Added " fireonopened " and " fireonclosed " to fire a trigger when the movement ends .
( " fireonopen " and " netname " still work . )
Doors / Platforms : Added " fireonopening " and " fireonclosing " to fire a trigger when the movement starts .
Doors / Platforms :
Fixed doors not moving when " obey use type " is set to " yes , even while moving " , but the door receives USE_TOGGLE and the door is not closed .
Doors / Platforms : Triggers for " fireonopening " , " fireonclosing " , " fireonopened " , and " fireonclosed " now have a corresponding " * _triggerstate " key to choose off / on / toggle trigger use types .
( Defaults to toggle . )
env_beam and env_laser : Added support for " ! activator " and " ! caller " as the stat / end targets .
env_sprite and " env_model " are now allowed to think faster than 10 FPS .
( Up to 200 , matching MAX_FPS . )
Fixed ammo duplication exploit .
Fixed an issue preventing the game from detecting the " m_rawinput " value correctly in some cases and thus not enabling raw mouse input .
Fixed an issue where players could commit suicide while in observer mode .
Fixed an issue where players entering observer mode were unable to move if they died while operating train / vehicle .
Fixed an issue where the game tried to load a MOTD file as a fall - back for the map vote list .
Fixed an issue where the Geiger counter never stopped " clicking " if the player entered observer mode after dying in a radioactive area .
Fixed an issue where train controls would stay visible on player 's HUD if he died while operating train and then got revived .
Fixed the " Player view keeps warping back to the original position when moving the mouse " issue .
Fixed the " sentence_file " / " materials_file " world spawn key values not working .
func_tank : Fixed an issue where the looping sound would keep playing even when the entity was destroyed .
It is now possible to use scoreboard to mute players when in observer mode .
item_inventory : Fixed a bug with item's " trigger on use " whereby an unrelated item would fire this value if you held the item whilst using a different item .
The " MaxRange " world spawn key value works again now .
The game sets " sv_zmax " to 16000 , then loads the value defined in default_map_settings.cfg , checks the " MaxRange " world spawn key value , and finally looks for " sv_zmax " in the custom map config .
trigger_changevalue , trigger_createentity : Now works with " topcolor " / " bottomcolor " key values .
trigger_copyvalue , trigger_changevalue , trigger_createentity : Now works correctly with " toutfiltertype " , " coutfiltertype " , " tinfiltertype " , and " cinfiltertype " key values .
trigger_copyvalue , trigger_changevalue , trigger_createentity : Now works with " explosion " , " material " , " gibmodel " , and " weapon " key values ( func_breakable , func_pushable ) .
trigger_copyvalue , trigger_changevalue , trigger_createentity : Now works with the " spawnobject " key value ( func_breakable ) .
trigger_random ( and derivatives ) now support 32 targets , up from 16 .
trigger_relay :
It is no longer possible to spawn trigger_relay that targets itself .
A warning message is printed and the target value is removed to prevent recursion ( and server crash ) .
trigger_setorigin : Added support for " ! activator " and " ! caller " as the copy target .
AngelScript Added an option to customize position of the view model .
Exposed the functionality as two CBasePlayer methods : SetVModelPos ( ) and ResetVModelPos ( ) .
Added SVC_STUFFTEXT to the NetworkMessageType enum .
Changed return type of CBasePlayer :: DropPlayerItem ( ) from CBasePlayerItem to CBaseEntity .
This is necessary because some weapons drop entity that is not based on CBasePlayerItem ( i.e. the Shock rifle ) .
Exposed new global object " CModelFuncs g_ModelFuncs " .
Provides various model - related methods ( i.e. body group configuration functions ) .
Exposed new member variable " CBasePlayerWeapon::m_iDefaultSecAmmo " .
New hook " EntityCreated " - called whenever a new entity is created .
New hook " PlayerTakeDamage " - called when a player takes damage .
Attacker , inflicter , damage amount , and damage flags can all be changed from the hook handler .
New object " DamageInfo " - used by the " PlayerTakeDamage " hook .
Removed CBasePlayerItem :: Drop ( ) .
This was n't really a drop method and it was exactly the same as CBasePlayer Item : : Kill ( ) .
The engine no longer crashes when unused sprite handle is passed in by the client library .
Engine Added early size check for textures loaded from WAD files .
Fixes potential buffer overflow .
Added support for various anti-aliasing modes .
This feature is work in progress - no UI for it is available , and the game still defaults to 4x MSAA ( or no AA in the low video quality mode ) .
New start - up parameter - aamode N ( where N is ID of the desired AA mode .
New command gl_dumpaamodes - prints list of all AA modes .
MSAA and CSAA ( NVIDIA only ) modes up to 16 samples are supported .
Bumped the maximum texture size to 1024 x 1024 pixels .
Changed default value of " gl_max_size " to 1024 from 512 .
Changed default value of " gl_round_down " to 0 from 3 .
Changed the default and fall back colour depth to 32 BBP .
( 16 BBP colour depth can be problematic on some modern systems . )
Clamped " volume " to 0.0 - 1.0 in the legacy sound engine .
Completely reworked the " stufftext " command filter .
Added few more commands to the " stufftext " blacklist .
This should make all known " slowhacking " methods ineffective ( server OPs altering or trashing player 's config , ejecting optical drive remotely , filling player 's hard - drive with screenshots etc. ) .
Useful commands like " spk " are still available .
Console :
The auto - complete list now moves together with the main console window .
Console :
The console no longer auto completes commands when space bar is pressed .
Console :
Tweaked the default console size for a better user experience in low resolutions .
Corrected some Windows registry paths .
CVAR " maxplayers " now defaults to 2 for " multi- player only " mods .
Dedicated Server UI : Fixed possible crash caused by mod name not being initialized properly .
Dedicated Server UI : Fixed the [ x ] close button not working .
Dedicated Server UI : Fixed UI elements not initializing properly .
FastDL : Fixed the loading dialogue not updating when downloading files via HTTP .
FastDL :
The progress bar switches into " Marquee " mode if the HTTP server did n't return file size so we can't tell how long will the download take .
This way the player gets at least some visual feedback that the file is being downloaded .
FastDL :
The second progress bar now works correctly and the time left info is displayed ( it likely wo n't be very accurate for small files but it should stabilize after a while for larger files ) .
Fixed " - toconsole " not activating the console .
Fixed " r_fullbright " not taking effect immediately .
( Requires sv_cheats 255 . )
Fixed a crash when applying CVAR value that has white space as the first character ( i.e. name " Player " ) .
Fixed a problem that caused all HUD sprites ( including the cross - hair ) to be blurry and slightly stretched .
Fixed an issue that caused the same map to be listed multiple times when using the " maps " command .
Fixed an issue where " only " the first 32767 BSP faces were loaded and processed correctly .
All 65535 faces should be usable now .
Fixed an issue where portions of the sky box would disappear at higher FOV values .
Fixed beams with sine noise not rendering correctly if number of segments is lower than 16 .
Fixes the egon gun beam glitch when attacking target that is too close .
Fixed buffer overflow in Sys_Error ( ) .
This is why some of the critical error messages appeared corrupted .
Fixed dev_overview not being initialized .
Map overviews should work correctly now without having to fiddle with the settings every time .
Fixed multiline HUD_PRINTCENTER text overlapping in higher resolutions .
Fixed potential buffer overflow in the texture loader .
This could cause instability or other problems whenever the engine tried to upload texture bigger than 640 x 480 pixels .
Fixed screen flashing during seamless ( single player ) map change ( only happened with FBO enabled ) .
Fixed sky box and world clipping issues when using high sv_zmax values .
Fixed the " envmap " command .
Can be used to create environment maps .
( Useful for creation of sky box textures , 360 map overviews etc. )
Fixed the " PAUSED " text not appearing .
Fixed the " r_lightmap " command .
Displays surfaces with only lightmap applied .
Requires sv_cheats 255 .
Fixed the " slist " and " list " commands .
Added an option for user - defined port range .
This will list both sv_lan 1 and 0 servers .
Fixed window title not updating on map changes .
Window title no longer displays server name in singleplayer mode .
Window title updates on linux as well now ( listen server only ) .
FPS meter : Added new fps meter mode - " cl_showfps 2 " .
Shows average frame time ( milliseconds ) in addition to the frame rate ( frames per second ) .
FPS meter : Added new fps meter mode - " cl_showfps 3 " .
Shows frame rate ( frames per second ) , frame time ( milliseconds ) , and number of wpolys / epolys .
Similar to r_speeds , but does n't require the developer mode , does n't spam the console , and the frame time value represents the total frame time not just time spent in rendering .
FPS meter : New CVAR " cl_fpscolor " - when set to 1 the fps meter will change its colour based on the current frame rate .
FPS meter : New CVAR " cl_fpspos " - can be used to change position of the fps meter .
Values : 1 - top - left , 2 - top - right , 3 - bottom - left , 4 - bottom - right ; Default : 2
Game UI : Changed range of the " volume " and " suitvolume " sliders from 0.0 - 2.0 to 0.0 - 1.0 .
Values greater than 1.0 were causing sound distortion and the extended range made the slider too sensitive .
Game UI : Empty main menu buttons no longer react to mouse input .
Game UI : Fixed an issue where player models would be listed multiple times in the Multiplayer options menu .
Game UI : Fixed an issue where the game crashed when trying to create a new listen server without having any valid multiplayer maps available .
Game UI : Fixed an issue where the game menu appeared in front of the console window when starting the game with " - console " .
The console now has keyboard focus when starting the game with " - console " .
Game UI : Fixed the " Unknown command : cl_crosshair_size " error message that appeared in the console when applying Multiplayer settings .
Game UI : Fixed the key binding list not rendering correctly if the kb_act.lst file does n't start with a valid category definition .
Game UI : The console will use the " Default " font as a fall back if " GameConsole_Mono " is n't available .
gl_wireframe : Fixed line colour inconsistencies .
gl_wireframe : Fixed z - fighting issues in the " gl_wireframe 1 " mode .
gl_wireframe : New CVAR " gl_wireframecolor " - can be used to customize the line colour .
Accepts 3 bytes ; i.e. gl_wireframecolor " 255 0 0 " for red colour .
Default value : " 255 255 255 " ( white ) .
Linux :
Fixed the problem with VGUI1 controls " spazzing out " when running the game in windowed mode .
Made the texture size check error messages more informative .
Netgraph : Added new mode 4 ( " net_graph 4 " ) .
When activated the netgraph will show both the loss / choke info and the graph .
Netgraph : Now only visible during an active game session .
Netgraph : Now rendered behind the VGUI2 elements ( i.e. the developer console ) but above the in - game VGUI1 elements .
Netgraph : Now uses mono - spaced font to prevent the displayed values from jumping around .
Netgraph : Optimized netgraph rendering to have minimal performance impact .
New command " fs_dump_paths " - prints all search paths currently in use by the file system .
New command " gl_info " - same as the " gl_dump " command but does n't print the OpenGL extensions .
New command " skybox " - can be used to load different sky box textures on the fly .
Only the local client is affected by the change .
( Requires sv_cheats 255 . )
New CVAR " cl_scaleenginefont " - can be used to toggle engine font scaling ( netgraph , fps meter etc. ) .
Default : 1 ( enabled ) .
New CVAR " gl_clearcolor " - can be used to change the clear colour ( for debugging ) .
Accepts 3 bytes ; i.e. " gl_clearcolor 255 0 0 " for red clear colour .
Default value : " 0 0 0 " ( black ) .
Requires sv_cheats 255 .
New CVAR " gl_npot " .
Can be used to enable / disable support of NPOT ( Non- Power - Of - Two ) OpenGL textures .
Default value : 1 ( windows ) if the HW supports it ; 0 ( Linux ) .
New launch parameter " - nomtex " .
Disables multi-texturing and enables texture sorting .
This can be useful for players with lower end hardware ( i.e. Intel HD Graphics ) if they are experiencing performance issues on maps with dynamic lights and / or when using the flashlight .
Dynamic lights still work in this mode but detail textures are not available .
This can be a better option than disabling dynamic lights completely by setting " r_dynamic " to " 0 " .
New launch parameter " - screen " .
Can be used to tell the engine which screen ( monitor ) should it use .
The values are indexed from zero : " - screen 0 " : primary monitor , " - screen 1 " : secondary monitor etc .
The value is not saved .
Saving and proper user interface will be added in the next update .
NPOT textures are no longer rescaled if the hardware supports them .
This improves quality of many low - res Half - Life textures .
OpenGL now auto - generates mipmaps if supported by the hardware .
This will produce correct mipmaps even for NPOT textures , unlike the original box filter algorithm .
Re-enabled the " gl_envmapsize " CVAR that specifies resolution of the environment map textures created by the " envmap " command .
Removed " viewthing " related console commands ( " viewmodel " , " viewframe " , " viewnext " , " viewprev " ) .
Removed IPX networking .
You can remove " - noipx " from your launch options if you are still using it , it has no effect any more .
Removed screen size related commands ( " sizeup " and " sizedown " ) .
This feature only ever worked in the Software rendering mode .
Removed support for paletted OpenGL textures ( including the " gl_palette_tex " CVAR ) .
Drivers dropped support for paletted textures long time ago .
Removed support for SGI multi-texture extensions ( obsolete , replaced by ARB multi-texture extensions in OpenGL 1.2.1 ) .
Removed support for texture dithering ( including the " gl_dither " CVAR ) .
Removed support for the obsolete ATI TruForm / npatch technology ( including the " ati_npatch " CVAR ) .
Removed the broken and partially disabled Quake 1 mirrors ( including the " r_mirroralpha " CVAR ) .
Removed the following obsolete and / or unused CVARs : " gl_affinemodels " , " r_mmx " , " d_spriteskip " .
Removed the obsolete " gl_flipmatrix " CVAR . --
This was specific to 3DFX and their MiniGL driver and changing it to " 1 " on any other hardware would cause rendering issues .
Removed the obsolete " gl_ztrick_old " CVAR .
Setting this CVAR to " 1 " caused rendering issues on some systems .
Renamed the " graphheight " CVAR to " net_graphheight " ( consistency with the other net_graph CVARs ) .
Restored API / ABI compatibility with vanilla GoldSrc/ Metamod - P.
The custom Sven Co-op Metamod - P build is no longer necessary ( and in fact wo n't work anymore ) .
Server to client file transfer :
All .as .rc .cmd .sh and . bash files are now blocked explicitly .
Server to client file transfer : Files transferred over network can have extension of any length now .
( Previously only 3 - character filename extensions were allowed . )
Setting the " gl_picmip " CVAR value too high or low no longer crashes the game .
You can now play the game with 1 x 1 pixels textures if you really want to .
Skybox textures can be up to 1024 x 1024 pixels in size now .
Sprite textures are now clamped correctly to prevent edge artefacts when rendering masked sprites .
The " cmdlist " command can now print command names longer than 16 characters .
The " cvarlist " command now detects all standard CVAR flags .
Improved formatting .
The " gl_dump " CVAR now prints all OpenGL extensions no matter how many there are .
Prints one extension per line for better readability .
The " screenshot " command now saves files to the " screenshots " sub - folder and uses the same naming conventions as the " snapshot " command ( " screenshot " saves TGAs , " snapshot " BMPs ) .
The engine can handle up to 64 different screen resolutions now ( was 32 ) .
The engine no longer checks whether the loaded game / mod supports SDL input every time the mouse is moved .
The engine no longer crashes if the game / base directory paths are enclosed in quotation marks .
The engine no longer crashes when unused sprite handle is passed in by the client library .
The engine no longer loads the unused " cached.wad " and " fonts.wad " files ( only used by the old WON builds ) .
The engine now checks BSP and WAD versions correctly .
Only BSP version 30 and WAD version 3 is accepted .
The engine now ignores the .sc event files when " ignore_event_files " is set to " 1 " in liblist.gam .
The engine now respects the TGA origin bit .
TGA textures that use the origin bit incorrectly may appear upside down .
This can be fixed by flipping the image vertically or by changing the origin bit .
The engine now shows an error before shutting down if the file system library or the Game UI library fails to load .
The engine now shows more informative error messages if the client library fails to load .
The engine now uses the BMP skybox texture set as a fall - back if the TGA set is n't available .
The liblist.gam file is only loaded and parsed once now .
Sound engine Adjustments to EAX presets to sound closer to Half - Life .
( Has much room for improvement . )
Continue to process materials / sentences files if an empty or too long definition is found ( just ignoring the bad material / sentence ) rather than just discarding the lot .
Remove volume divisor ; volume is no longer based on 2.0 maximum .
Non-playable characters HWGrunt : Revised Heavy Weapons Grunt 's fallen minigun search / pick - up logic .
Robogrunts :
Can now fire the : M16A2 , sniper rifle , rocket launcher , MP5 , etc. Animation support updated for M16A2 .
Friendly version of Robogrunt has slightly higher voice pitch .
MoveToTarget ( ) will no longer overwrite the m_vecMoveGoal previously defined .
TASK_MOVE_TO_TARGET_RANGE
will set m_vecMoveGoal without using a model 's head bone lookup .
Weapons / Items Custom weapon properties are no longer discarded when the weapon is dropped ( important for some scripted weapons ) .
Fixed an issue with the view model moving slightly to one side and then back to the centre when player rotates the view left or right .
( This was only noticeable when using custom weapons with iron sights . )
Weapons with custom model definitions no longer revert to the default model when dropped / thrown .
[ MP5 ]
The weapon plays one of the 3 fire animations randomly instead of using just the first one .
[ SAW ]
Fixed 2 firing sounds not being pre-cached .
[ Uzi ]
Fixed an issue where some of the ammo would not get transferred to player 's ammo reserve when picking up second Uzi .
[ Uzi ] Fixed Uzi / akimbo Uzi HUD icon not updating correctly on weapon pick - up .
Other Fixed Linux client crashing on shut down .
Fixed MP3 playback not working on Linux .
Maps Half - Life Single Player Campaign Added missing weapon_m16 line to first half of HLSP maps when you should have picked it up by then .
Psyko Fixed ammo entities jumping up and down in the boss battle arena .
Stadium 4 human_grunt_ally , human_grunt , robogrunt , and male_assassin weapons are now randomized when spawned .
The map will spawn each NPC with a unique weapon each time the button is pressed , until it runs out of unique weapons and starts over .
Implemented new mortar ammo sprite by Hezus .
Reduced world poly in top - down camera by 150 .
They Hunger : Episode 2 [ TH_EP2_02 ]
Possibly fixed the Zork unveil sequence stalling issue .
Scripts Map Scripts [ survival_generic ]
Added " void DisableSurvival " , which can be called by a trigger_script entity to disable survival mode during a map .
Plugins [ PlayerDecalTracker ] Fixed PlayerDecal ( ) method conflicting with a class name .
( Symbol search order was fixed in the latest AS version . )
[ Vox ] Can play any Vox message without pre-caching it .
[ Vox ]
Now uses the newly exposed SVC_STUFFTEXT message to issue " spk " command on client side .
Models NPCs [ HGrunt ] Corrected seams on the Opfor grunt backpacks .
[ HGrunt ]
Fixed issue with aiming / firing oscillations .
[ HWGrunt ]
Fixed smoothing groups and adjusted UV maps .
[ RoboGrunt ] Corrected weapons bodygroups .
Replaced the old muzzle flashes with new particle - based versions for all grunts ( robogrunt , hgrunt , Opposing Force grunts ) .
Weapons [ MINIGUN ]
Fixed smoothing groups and adjusted UV maps .
[ MP5 ]
Corrected the muzzle flash events on two of the MP5's firing animations .
[ P_MINIGUNSPIN ]
Fixed turbo- speed animation error .
Other [ ERROR ]
Added a " death " animation to the error model , so that mappers can " kill " NPCs with missing models and be able to walk through them .
[ SCIGUN ]
New and improved Scigun cinematic model ( seen in hl_c13 _ a4 ) that has much better animation alignment and matches shotgun we use .
Added MP5 muzzle flash sprite cleaned up by The303 .
Added new Opposing Force player models , and re-made colour changing camouflage on all previous ' OP4 ' player models .
Sounds Materials
Added nightwatch girder textures as metal materials
Fixed ' GLASSGREEEN ' typo with three E's
Fixed some metal ' fifties ' door textures having wood material sounds
Removed all instances of '+' and associated numbers , which also should not be in materials files .
Removed all instances of ' { ' , which should not be in materials files .
Removed texture duplicates from the list , which sometimes had different material types NPCs [ Human Grunts , RoboGrunt ]
Added footstep sounds to all grunt models .
[ Robogrunt ] Updated Robot Grunt with new phrases SDK FGD [ light_environment ]
Added _spread and _diffuse_light key values .
Added " zhlt_noclip " to base class " ZHLTbmodel " .
StudioMDL Added support for 1024 x 1024 pixel textures .
Now supports up to 128 sub -models .
Hammer WAD configuration manager Uses . NET Framework 4 ( client profile ) .
Fixed left list views not scrolling downwards as expected .
Fixed duplicate WADs being sent to Hammer .
Hidden move up / down buttons as they do n't work .
Other Delta Possibly fixed " Cache_UnlinkLRU : NULL link " error .
Game manual Mapping configuration : Corrected " sv_zmax " value .
Mapping configuration : Removed " weaponmode_357 " .
Maps : Added missing map screenshots , and updated the thumbnails and full - size screenshots for several maps ( but not all ) .
Maps : Added Robination .
Maps : Added Suspension .
Maps : Added Warforts .
Maps : Copied images to " thumbs " folder .
Maps : Renamed Last Stand to New Hope 's Last Stand .
Server configuration : Corrected " sv_downloadurl " about HTTPS rumors .
-- HTTPS is currently NOT tested or supported .
Server configuration : Corrected " sv_zmax " .
Server configuration : Corrected " sys_ticrate " .
Server configuration : Mentioned how to disable vote types .
Server configuration : Merged " Sven Co-op specific variables " into " Multi- player variables " .
Updated credits list .
Weapons : Removed duplicate grapple textures image .
Misc Added " suspension " to the map cycle and map vote configs .
Added new Opposing Force player models to the command menu .
autoexec.cfg : Added cl_filterstuffcmd " 1 " to force stricter " stufftext " filtering rules .
autoexec.cfg : Changed " gl_max_size " from 512 to 1024 .
Fixed orientation of the forest512 and fodrian sky box textures .
All of them were upside down , but since the older engine builds did n't respect the TGA origin bit , it was rendered correctly in - game .
gameui_english.txt / OptionsSubVoice.res : Removed the " Uses Miles Sound System " notice from the Voice Options tab .
( the engine uses Steam voice system , not MSS for voice communication )
gameui_english.txt : Added new UI string " GameUI_NoMultiplayerMaps "
Removed tf_original from map cycle ( you are supposed to vote for turretfortress.bsp )
Removed the ( now unused ) *.sc event files .
Removed the empty game menu logo files .
Removed the unused " fonts.wad " file .
Removed unused " gfx " files .
submerged_addons.wad is now included with the game .
zhlt .wad updated to match Vluzacn 's VL34 build .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 3082297 , dedicated server tool 3082299 , SDK tool 3082300 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Svenworks : Digital Distribution faces Analogue Retribution
02 April , 2018 | by Hezus View Comments
On April 1st , we announced our new digital distribution platform for co-operative gaming , SvenWorks .
The initial repsonses of the community were overwhelmingly positive and we were more eager than ever to make our vision of co-operative play a reality .
But then the emails from other developers came flooding in on the evening of April 1st .
In previous business meetings , all the game developers were quite happy with our plans to re-release all of their games on our platform ( especially the huge gain in sales ! ) but we might have failed to mention that we were going to alter their games to our vision ( whoops ! ) .
They were far less pleased when they learned that information from our news post on April 1st .
Suddenly no -one wanted to release their games on SvenWorks anymore .
Boy , did we feel like a bunch of fools .
So , sadly , we 're going to have to pull the plug on our SvenWorks project .
On the bright side , this gives us more time and energy to focus on the development of Sven Co-op , which is all about co-operative play !
Stay tuned for new updates in the near future or on April first of 2019 !
Svenworks : Digital Distribution Gets Social
01 April , 2018 | by Hezus View Comments
What is Svenworks ?
In short , Svenworks is a digital distribution platform especially created for co-operative gaming !
Next to playing Sven Co-op obviously , you 'll be able to enjoy the full range of gaming titles supporting co-operative mode !
How does Svenworks work ?
Just as on other platforms , you 'll be able to purchase games from our catalogue .
Our focus is co-operative play and therefore co-op mode is available to all titles , even those that did not support this mode before .
This is a huge advantage over Steam or Origin and with Svenworks you 'll never encounter hostile players since all deathmatch modes have been removed .
Even titles that only feature single player mode , can now be played in co-operative mode !
Our patented matchmaking system will find another player for you to play with while you wait in the game lobby !
Our revolutionary GUI integrates our two basic principles : Games and Friends !
Cycle through your games library or friends list with the arrows .
The Svenworks button in the center takes you to the game catalogue and personal settings .
It 's that simple !
Why Svenworks ?
As Valve and EA have shown us , the future of Online Gaming is not within the game itself but within the platform supporting those games .
By moving our team effort to this new venture we hope to create additional revenue and thus create better games .
With these additional funds our team can spend more time on our core business : making Sven Co-op an even better game !
We 're thinking about adopting an episodic approach to future releases .
What does the future of Svenworks hold ?
We 're adding new games to our catalogue on a daily basis so you 'll be able to play more and more games with your friends !
Achievements are currently in development and also trading cards are in the making .
Trading cards must be shared with other players at all times to ensure co-operative play !
Last but not least , we 're currently in the alpha development stage of our very own Svenworks Controller !
Have a sneak peek at the prototype
How to join Svenworks ?
Svenworks is still in active development but you can apply for a beta key on our Forums !
Make sure you register and then sign up by replying to
Today marks a turning point in the history of Sven Co-op .
We 're finally able to show you what we 've been working on over the past few years and we hope you are all as excited as we are !
We are proud to present :
In short , Svenworks is a digital distribution platform especially created for co-operative gaming !
Next to playing Sven Co-op obviously , you 'll be able to enjoy the full range of gaming titles supporting co-operative mode !
Just as on other platforms , you 'll be able to purchase games from our catalogue .
Our focus is co-operative play and therefore co-op mode is available to all titles , even those that did not support this mode before .
This is a huge advantage over Steam or Origin and with Svenworks you 'll never encounter hostile players since all deathmatch modes have been removed .
Even titles that only feature single player mode , can now be played in co-operative mode !
Our patented matchmaking system will find another player for you to play with while you wait in the game lobby !
Our revolutionary GUI integrates our two basic principles : Games and Friends !
Cycle through your games library or friends list with the arrows .
The Svenworks button in the center takes you to the game catalogue and personal settings .
It 's that simple !
As Valve and EA have shown us , the future of Online Gaming is not within the game itself but within the platform supporting those games .
By moving our team effort to this new venture we hope to create additional revenue and thus create better games .
With these additional funds our team can spend more time on our core business : making Sven Co-op an even better game !
We 're thinking about adopting an episodic approach to future releases .
We 're adding new games to our catalogue on a daily basis so you 'll be able to play more and more games with your friends !
Achievements are currently in development and also trading cards are in the making .
Trading cards must be shared with other players at all times to ensure co-operative play !
Last but not least , we 're currently in the alpha development stage of our very own Svenworks Controller !
Have a sneak peek at the prototype here !
The current estimated target price for this product is only $ 89,99 !
Note that you are required to order a minimum of 2 controllers , because of the co-operative nature of all games !
Svenworks is still in active development but you can apply for a beta key on our Forums !
Make sure you register and then sign up by replying to this thread or click the button below !
You will receive a download link and your beta key within 24 hours !
Sven Co-op Update Released [ Build 2502859 ]
09 February , 2018 | by AdamR View Comments
An update for Sven Co-op has been released .
If you are running a dedicated server please use SteamCmd to update your servers .
Those of you that were using the public release candidate can remain to do so , as this branch now matches the standard branch .
Changes are as follows : Notable changes Lots of updates to the new They Hunger : Escape map .
Code Game library Cross - map inventory : Fixed an issue where stored ammo types would get mismatched under certain conditions .
( This typically happened if classic mode was enabled / disabled shortly after the last level change . )
Doors , platforms , and trains ( not track train ) can now set key " movesnd_loop " to make their moving sound play looped until the brush stops moving .
( Set to 1 to enable . )
Fixed an issue where entities spawned via trigger_createentity would n't get initialized / spawned properly .
Fixed an issue where position of custom HUD elements would get clamped incorrectly in some cases .
Fixed an issue where the voice chat labels would overlap if two or more players were talking at the same time .
func_tracktrain :
All speed related variables are now floats .
Fixes an issue where trains with speed lower than 1 would n't move at all ( i.e. the scissors on ragemap2012_2 ) .
func_tracktrain : Fixed an issue where the " speed " keyvalue of the next path_track entity would be ignored if the new speed was higher than the maximum train speed .
game_end :
Fixed the most recently shown player HUD message showing again during the intermission .
HUD debugging statistics will now show the client / server address and port if available .
More consistent line buffer length ( 512 chars ) and comment formatting ( " // " , " # " , rather than one / both / mix / match / wtf ) when parsing configuration files , material lists , and replacements .
Moved the persistent inventory flushing out of " game_end " and into the intermission function , so other things changing level by intermission have the chance of clearing cross-map inventory .
myinfo / thatinfo : Added print - out for " takedamage " , " gravity " , " friction " , and " speed " .
myinfo / thatinfo :
If the entity model is brush based show " Model number : x " instead of " Model file : * x " .
myinfo / thatinfo : Water and cheats string tweaks .
Say alias " / me " now works in team say too .
Server command " reloadadminlist " to reload the list of administrators at run time .
( Can be used in RCON . )
The server no longer sends gmsgCurWeapon message every frame to all clients with no active weapon .
trigger_changelevel :
It will no longer try to read in a map name if it 's going to be too long .
( 32 characters maximum . )
trigger_changelevel : Now creates a log message when a level change is about to happen , in a similar style to " game_end " .
trigger_changelevel : Now creates a player HUD message when a level is changing so it 's more obvious as to why a brief freeze may be happening .
trigger_multiple : Fixed touchers never being forgotten about when the " fire on enter " flag is set but " fire on leave " is not .
trigger_multiple :
The " inventory rules failed " trigger will now impose a reset time when run so it does n't run every frame .
Voting : A successful map vote will now use the intermission so players get a chance to see why the map is suddenly changing .
( More like " game_end " instead of " trigger_changelevel " . )
Voting : Players are now shown in their console what kind of vote passed / failed , rather than just " Vote failed " .
¯\_(ツ ) _/¯ AngelScript Updated AngelScript to version 2.32.0 .
Updated ' ASString ' to use the new ' asIStringFactory ' interface .
( String literals can now be reused to save memory . )
CPathTrack : Changed the recently added " int m_iMaxSpeed " and " int m_iNewSpeed " members to " float m_flMaxSpeed " and " float m_flNewSpeed " .
Exposed map class methods to map and plug - in scripts : ' LoadGlobalSkillFile ( ) ' :
Reloads the global skill file .
' LoadMapSkillFile ( ) ' :
Reloads the standard map skill file ( _skl.cfg ) .
' LoadSkillFile ( const CString& szFileName ) ' : Loads a custom skill file .
Exposed CBasePlayerItem:: LoadSprites ( ) .
Can be used to load a different set of HUD sprites for a given weapon .
Fixed some of the CEngineFuncs documentation strings .
Fixed the previously unnamed ' iAttachment ' argument of ' CEngineFuncs : : GetAttachment ( ) ' .
The global " CMap " instance ( g_Map ) is no longer a constant .
Engine Fixed a crash due to a race condition with console debug log handle when many many log messages are written in a burst .
Sound Client command " cl_flushsoundcache " : Forcibly delete all client - side sound list files , with the exception of those that may still be needed for a listen server to work .
Client command " cl_flushsoundcache_force " : Forcibly delete all client - side sound list files , including those that may still be needed , which may make a listen server un-connectable until the map changes .
Client sound engine will now flush all downloaded sound lists when it starts up and shuts down , and when a server is disconnected from .
Server command " rebuildsoundcachefile " :
Forcibly re-build the sound list file for players to download without having to restart the map .
Non-playable characters Stukabats can deal damage again ( sk_stukabat_dmg_bite skill CVAR is now registered correctly ) .
Weapons / Items
Fixed an issue where non-mapper placed weapons would get affected by the mp_weaponstay CVAR , preventing them from being picked up .
The currently active weapon is no longer changed for no reason when one of the inactive weapons is dropped .
[ Crowbar ]
Fixed an issue where thrown crowbars could be duplicated .
[ Minigun ]
Fixed an issue where player could pickup minigun while holding other " exclusive " weapon .
[ Satchel ]
Fixed satchel football causing an infinite loop while touching .
There is now a 5 ms delay between each slide movement .
[ Shock Rifle ]
Fixed an issue where multiple players could use the same shockrifle ( causing strange weapon behaviour and crashing the server when dropped ) .
[ Uzi ]
Fixed an issue where the weapon view model would glitch out when inactive akimbo uzi is dropped .
Maps They Hunger : Escape Added a new room with a shotgun and a zombie cop ambush spawn to the alley next to the ambulance .
Added fold - able wooden barricades next to the burning tunnel debris , visible only when the tunnel is blocked .
( Should make it more obvious that this is the only route through to the other side . )
Added fold - able wooden barricades to downtown sewer entrance if toolbox spawns there .
Added infinite spanner spawn to sewer next to where the toolbox sometimes spawns .
Added missing civilian models to the permitted player model list .
Added sewer labels to all three sewer tunnels surrounding the truck to prevent players getting lost so easily .
Added sewer steam to make the entrances more noticeable .
Added skill configuration , with level 1 being normal difficulty , and level 2 being hardcore : Barney now does 2 points less damage with his pistol in both modes .
Bullsquid has less health and does 5 points less spit damage in normal mode .
Otis cops ( sheriff included ) now do 25 damage instead of 37 in both modes .
Snarks deal 5 damage per bite instead of 10 in normal mode .
Zombies do 5 less damage per swing and 10 less damage per double - swing in normal mode .
Added some lights to the map start room .
All downtown zombie spawns now use a " trigger_playercheck " master so that they are n't turned on when no one is there .
Colt 1911 handgun now respawns infinitely in the police station / ambulance / radio station .
Deleted female zombie that kept getting stuck in church upper hallway .
Deleted ' random civilian ' spawnpoint in the train station that was n't near any weapons .
Disabled a couple of debug messages in the scripts .
Extra minute is added to the time limit if the game is started with 4 or less players .
Fixed crappy brushwork with holes in it on the roof of the train station and the hallway connected to the church .
Fixed police tunnel roof being " func_detail " , which made it so that everything in the tunnel rendered whenever you looked over at it from above .
Fixed some pretty bad cylinder face carving issues .
func_trackvehicle : Updated the script to match the recent API change .
Hardcore mode is now forced for 16 + players , rather than 10 + .
In the " jail " lose cutscene , two players will now spawn in either cell and the rest will fall through the collapsing ceiling ( only if there are any more than two living players at the end of the round , which is somewhat rare ) .
Made the unbreakable train depot door metal instead of wood so that dumb people do n't pound on it for days trying to break through .
Sewer treatment engineer 3 now spawns with a spanner .
Sheriff now spawns in both normal and hardcore modes , rather than just hardcore .
Sheriff has less health in normal mode .
Umbrella in pawn shop now respawns infinitely .
Window glow in the gas station garage is slightly brighter , so that players can actually see the toolbox if it spawns there .
Models Weapons / Items Reverted seasonal candy stick crowbar .
Sounds Weapons / Items [ SAW ]
Added missing SAW belt / deploy sounds .
SDK FGD Added key " movesnd_loop " to doors and platforms .
( Drop down yes / no . )
Fixed few default values that were defined as integer where string was expected .
( Improves compatibility with some 3rd party tools , i.e. TrenchBroom . )
Fixed the monster_babycrab model name .
Other Game manual Corrected value for disabling " mp_timelimit_empty " .
Version details Steam build ID numbers : Game 2502859 , dedicated server tool 2502860 , SDK tool 2502861 .
Please use the steam build ID number as a reference when posting an issue or query on our message boards .
You can find the build number you currently have within Steam by right clicking our game or tools , selecting Properties , then selecting the Local Files tab .
Sven Co-op 's 19th Anniversary
19 January , 2018 | by Nih View
Hard economic times require that we think more closely about how our money is spent .
When it comes to computers , Prof.
Dealzmodo has a philosophy : build it and values will come .
Advertisement
In other words , it makes more financial sense to buy the most basic model at a bargain - basement price and turn it into the top - notch computer of your dreams .
It can save you hundreds and maybe even thousands of dollars overall .
Laptops : I visited Dell.com and selected a mid-range laptop — in this case , the Studio 17 .
A model with 2GB of RAM and a 320 GB hard drive will run you $ 799 — but what happens when you want to beef it up with some extra RAM and an even bigger hard drive ?
Just like that , the price shoots up to $ 1049 for the following configuration ( if you stick with Dell hardware upgrades ) :
Dell Studio 17 • 2.0 GHz Intel Pentium Dual Core T3200
• 4GB DDR2 RAM
• 640GB ( 2x320 ) SATA Hard Drive ( 5400 RPM )
• Integrated graphics
Advertisement
However , a quick trip to Newegg to pick up RAM and an additional 320 GB drive brings the total down to $ 918 for the same computer .
Basically , I just shaved $ 131 off the price by doing these simple upgrades myself .
Note :
On any system , to make use of all 4GB of RAM , you need 64 - bit Windows .
You should get it at no extra charge when configuring a system , so be sure to ask up front .
Buying an extra copy separately for will cost you a punitive $ 100 .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Before you settle on a laptop , make sure that you check to see what can be upgraded and whether or not you can find easily exchangeable parts at a discount .
And keep in mind that savings could be increased even further if you start with a refurbished model or a model that is not loaded with an OS .
Advertisement
Desktops :
We all know that desktops , much less custom - built desktops , are not highly sought after these days .
Still , the tremendous values here are hard to ignore .
PC
Gamers are well acquainted with the practice , but I see no reason ( outside of the need for portability ) why budget shoppers can't take advantage of the savings as well .
Once again , I chose a mid-range product from Dell as the control — the Studio desktop .
Example # 1 ( A Studio configuration straight from the Dell website ) :
• 2.66GHz Intel Core 2 Duo E7300
• 24 " Widescreen HD LCD
• 4GB Dual Channel DDR2 SDRAM
• 1TB Serial ATA Hard Drive ( 7200 RPM )
• ATI Radeon HD 3650 256MB GPU
• 16X DVD+/-RW Drive
• Sound Blaster X - Fi Xtreme Audio
• Vista Home Premium Total Cost : $ 1464
Example # 2 ( A Studio configuration with custom - installed parts ) :
As with the laptop , by simply upgrading components myself I managed to save cash — in this case , $ 160 — and I have an extra 500 GB drive to boot .
Advertisement
Example # 3 ( Total custom build ) :
By building from scratch , I was able put together the same computer ( in terms of performance ) as the Dell Studio in the first example for $ 521 less — and the majority of the components are better .
I also saved an extra $ 361 over the upgrade to the base Studio model in example # 2 .
Advertisement
It is also important to note that making upgrades on laptops and factory desktops can void your warranty .
This may be something you want to check on before proceeding .
You may also want to investigate local businesses that specialize in custom builds if you lack the skills necessary to make the upgrades yourself .
Even though these services are an added expense , you are still likely to come out on top .
Conclusion :
The bottom line is that saving money on a computer is more than just finding the best deal online .
In this case , it 's kind of like buying a fixer - upper .
When you walk into the property the realtor tries to help you focus on what the home could be as opposed to what it currently is .
Again , before you buy , make sure to check and see if doing some of the upgrades yourself can help you save some extra money .
In order to maintain continuity and keep things simple , I stuck with Dell and Newegg here — but , obviously , branching out could lead to greater savings .
You could also save a lot more if you are willing to make a sacrifice or two here and there — like going with AMD over Intel ( although I doubt many Intel fans would be willing to make that jump no matter what the cost ) .
Advertisement
Prof .
Dealzmodo is a regular section dedicated to helping budget - minded consumers learn how to shop smarter and get the best deals on their favorite gadgets .
If you have any topics you would like to see covered , send your idea to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Professor Dealzmodo " in the subject line .
From WikiLeaks
February 22 , 2009
By Jonathan Oliver ( Times Online ) [ 1 ]
A LEAKED internal report has revealed systematic abuses by Euro MPs of parliamentary allowances that enable them to pocket more than £ 1 m in profits from a single five - year term , writes Jonathan Oliver .
The auditor ’s confidential report , suppressed by the Brussels parliament , discloses the extraordinary frauds used by MEPs to siphon off staff allowances funded by taxpayers .
It shows that some claimed for paying assistants of whom no record exists , awarded them bonuses of up to 1 ½ times annual salary and diverted public money into front companies .
An investigation into the abuses of staff allowances worth up to £ 182,000 a year — many of which are paid by MEPs to members of their family — was delivered in January last year but was not published .
A copy of the 92 - page report , prepared by Robert Galvin , the parliament ’s head of internal audit , has been seen by The Sunday Times .
It reveals :
Payments were made to assistants who were not accredited with the European parliament and to companies whose accounts showed no activity .
End - of - year bonuses worth up to 19 ½ times monthly salary were paid to assistants to allow members to use up their full annual allowance .
Payments , supposedly for secretarial work , were made to a crèche whose manager happened to be a local politician from the MEP ’s political party .
Payments were made straight into the coffers of national political parties .
Some assistants doubled their money by banking pay - offs from outgoing MEPs at the same time as receiving salaries from incoming ones .
One MEP claimed to have paid the full £ 182,000 staff allowance to one person , suspected of being a relative .
The revelations come as British MEPs look forward to an inflation - busting pay rise this year that could see their take - home pay rising by almost 50 % .
In his report , Galvin said that overpayments of allowances were common , adding : “ Remuneration paid may not always be justified by the real costs of providing parliamentary assistance . ”
He warned that abuses exposed the parliament to “ financial , legal and reputational risk ” .
The report was based on a representative sample of 167 payments — out of a total of 4,686 — made during October 2004 .
It suggests that Galvin unearthed only a tiny fraction of the many corrupt practices employed by some of the 785 members of the 27 - nation parliament .
His analysis of the 2004 figures then took years to surface within the secretive Brussels bureaucracy .
New figures compiled by the TaxPayers ’
Alliance reveal how MEPs can pocket more than £ 1 m over five years by exploiting different allowances .
The calculations were inspired by known abuses of the system , which Brussels insiders claim have been commonplace .
Over a full term , MEPs could easily bank almost £ 450,000 in staff allowances — even if they employed several genuine full - time assistants .
The campaign group estimates that MEPs claiming the maximum subsistence of £ 257 a day while staying in cheap accommodation could also pocket about £ 105,000 from this source over five years .
MEPs could make £ 217,800 in office expenses by claiming their home was also their constituency office .
No receipts are required to receive this money .
The lack of any need to provide receipts to justify travel expenses means that MEPs could receive a £ 54,000 tax - free profit while still making regular journeys between Brussels and their home country .
MEPs also have a final salary pension scheme which is even more generous than the one provided to members of the Westminster parliament .
The TaxPayers ’
Alliance calculates that the cash value of this benefit would be about £ 350,000 over a full parliamentary term .
At current exchange rates the grand total profit over five years comes to £ 1,176,800 .
That figure does not include an MEP ’s salary , which is due to increase after the June European elections thanks to a “ harmonisation ” of MEPs ’ pay .
British MEPs receive £ 63,291 a year , the same as Westminster MPs .
After July their pay after tax could rise from about £ 46,835 to almost £ 69,000 a year , depending on the exchange rate and whether they can pay the lower European Union tax rate of 15 % .
The existence of the Galvin report was first revealed last year when Chris Davies , a Liberal Democrat MEP who read the document , refused to sign a confidentiality agreement and disclosed some of its findings .
Davies ’s revelations created EU - wide interest in the corruption of the Brussels parliament .
Despite the embarrassment , MEPs voted to keep the report confidential .
In November Den Dover , a British Conservative MEP , was forced to pay back £ 500,000 in expenses after The Sunday Times revealed that he had been wrongly paying his EU allowances to a family firm .
It was the most outrageous of a series of expenses scandals that emerged last year .
The European parliament has announced a number of reforms to the expenses rules which will come into force this summer .
These include ensuring that MEPs ’ staff are paid directly by the parliament rather than via the members ’ own “ service provider ” .
However , Davies said the reforms did not go far enough , insisting that many of the Galvin report ’s recommendations had yet to be adopted .
“ If five steps are needed , the parliament always seems to take only two , ” he said .
“ We are now better than the Italian system but a long way short of the standards of the House of Commons . ”
A spokesman for the European parliament said : “ The Galvin report is a study of potential weaknesses in the system of parliamentary assistance allowances .
It has had important consequences .
The result has been a complete overhaul of this system to enter into force after the June elections . ”
Thanks to Jonathan Oliver and Times Online for covering this document .
Reprint rights remain with the aforementioned .
Full source document
Enlarge By Wilfredo Lee , AP Yaima Milian , center , who is in a nursing residency program , examines Carmen Perez , left , as more experienced nurse Marvin Rosete looks at Baptist Health of South Florida in Miami on Feb .
6 . More hospitals are investing in longer , more thorough residencies , which can cost roughly $ 5,000 per resident .
But the cost of recruiting and training a replacement for a nurse who burned out is about $ 50,000 , experts estimate .
DAILY HEALTH BLOG DAILY HEALTH BLOG
Get wellness tips , medical study roundups and news for healthy living here , including info on ... • Fitness and nutrition
• Parenting / kids ' health
• Watercooler - worthy bits MIAMI 
Newly minted nurse Katie O'Bryan was determined to stay at her first job at least a year , even if she did leave the hospital every day wanting to quit .
She lasted nine months .
The stress of trying to keep her patients from getting much worse as they waited , sometimes for 12 hours , in an overwhelmed Dallas emergency room was just too much .
The breaking point came after paramedics brought in a child who'd had seizures .
She was told he was stable and to check him in a few minutes , but O'Bryan decided not to wait .
She found he had stopped breathing and was turning blue .
" If I had n't gone right away , he probably would have died , " O'Bryan said .
" I could n't do it anymore . "
Many novice nurses like O'Bryan are thrown into hospitals with little direct supervision , quickly forced to juggle multiple patients and make critical decisions for the first time in their careers .
About 1 in 5 newly licensed nurses quits within a year , according to one national study .
GOING EXTINCT ?: Primary care physicians in short supply BETTER LIFE : Shortage of general surgeons also looming
That turnover rate is a major contributor to the nation 's growing shortage of nurses .
But there are expanding efforts to give new nursing grads better support .
Many hospitals are trying to create safety nets with residency training programs .
" It really was , ' Throw them out there and let them learn , " ' said University of Portland nursing professor Diane Vines .
The university now helps run a year - long program for new nurses .
" This time around , we 're a little more humane in our treatment of first - year grads , knowing they might not stay if we do n't do better , " she said .
The national nursing shortage could reach 500,000 by 2025 , as many nurses retire and the demand for nurses balloons with the aging of baby boomers , according to Peter Buerhaus of Vanderbilt University Medical Center .
The nursing professor is author of a book about the future of the nursing work force .
Nursing schools have been unable to churn out graduates fast enough to keep up with the demand , which is why hospitals are trying harder to retain them .
Medical school grads get on - the - job training during formal residencies ranging from three to seven years .
Many newly licensed nurses do not have a similar protected period as they build their skills and get used to a demanding environment .
Some hospitals have set up their own programs to help new nurses make the transition .
Often , they assign novices to more experienced nurses , whom they shadow for a few weeks or months while they learn the ropes .
That 's what O'Bryan 's hospital did , but for her , it was n't enough .
So more hospitals are investing in longer , more thorough residencies .
These can cost roughly $ 5,000 per resident .
But the cost of recruiting and training a replacement for a nurse who washed out is about $ 50,000 , personnel experts estimate .
One national program is the Versant RN Residency , which was developed at Childrens Hospital Los Angeles and since 2004 has spread to 70 other hospitals nationwide .
One of those , Baptist Health of South Florida in the Miami area , reports cutting its turnover rate from 22 % to 10 % in the 18 months since it started its program .
The Versant plan pairs new nurses with more experienced nurses and they share patients .
At first , the veterans do the bulk of the work as the rookies watch ; by the end of the 18 - week training program , those roles are reversed .
The new nurses must complete a 60 - item checklist .
They must learn how to put in an IV line and urinary catheter ; interpret different heart rhythms and know how to treat them ; monitor patients on suicide watch and do hourly checkups on very critically ill patients ; know how to do a head - to - toe physical assessment on a patient , as well as how to inform families about the condition of their loved one .
For Yaima Milian , who 's currently in the program at Baptist , this is markedly different from the preparation she got at her first hospital in New Jersey .
She left after a six - week orientation because she did n't feel ready to work solo .
While Milian was paired with a more experienced nurse at the New Jersey hospital , they did n't see patients together ; they split the workload .
Her first week on the job , Milian was charged with caring for several patients with complicated issues — those on ventilators and with chest tubes — and she felt thoroughly unprepared .
" It just did n't feel right , it felt very unsafe , " Milian said .
Besides the residency 's professional guidance , which includes classroom instruction , new nurses also get personal support from mentors — people they can call after a bad day or to get career advice .
The new nurses also gather with their peers for regular debriefing , or " venting " sessions .
" Here you have this group that is pretty much experiencing the same things you 're experiencing , " Milian said , " and it makes you feel better . "
To be sure , not all the nurses who leave do so because of a rocky transition .
But for nurses who do leave because of stress , these programs seem to help .
The American Association of Colleges of Nursing and the University HealthSystem Consortium teamed up in 2002 to create a residency primarily for hospitals affiliated with universities .
Fifty - two sites now participate in that year - long program and the average turnover rate for new nurses was about 6 % in 2007 .
" We believe all new graduates should be given this kind of support system , " said Polly Bednash , the nursing association 's executive director .
" We are facing downstream a horrendous nursing shortage as a large number of nurses retire from the field ...
So you need to keep the people you get and keep them supported . "
The federal government has jumped on the bandwagon .
Since 2003 , it has awarded $ 17 million in grants for 75 hospitals to start first - year training programs .
The National Council of State Boards of Nursing is considering a standardized transition program .
It cited a study showing a link between residencies and fewer medical errors , but also pointed to the inconsistency among current efforts .
That 's something O'Bryan , the Dallas nurse , knows about .
Her hospital — which she declined to identify because she did n't want to be seen as complaining about a former employer — had a three - month program , in which she attended weekly classes and was assigned a nurse to shadow .
After that period was over , though , O'Bryan was abruptly alone , even as she continued to face new situations that she was n't sure how to handle .
" When things are going good and I 'm not overwhelmed and I 'm able to help people , I love it , " she said , recalling the gratification of seeing a bedridden patient finally manage to take a few steps .
" There are always those moments , " she said , " but they 're interrupted pretty quickly . "
The 27 - year - old is currently looking for a new job .
She 's not sure it will be in nursing .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It ’s almost a year since Nicolas Gisin and colleagues at the University of Geneva announced that they had calculated that a human eye ought to be able to detect entangled photons .
“ Entanglement in principle could be seen , ” they concluded .
That ’s extraordinary because it would mean that the humans involved in such an experiment would become entangled themselves , if only for an instant .
Gisin is a world leader in quantum entanglement and his claims are by no means easy to dismiss .
Now he ’s going a step further saying that the human eye could be used in a Bell type experiment to sense spooky - action - at - a - distance .
“ Quantum experiments with human
eyes as detectors appear possible , based on a realistic model of the eye as a photon detector , ” they say .
One problem is that human eyes cannot se single photons–a handful are needed to trigger a nerve impulse to the brain .
That might have scuppered the possibility of a Bell - type experiment were it not for some interesting work from Francesco De Martini and buddies at the Universityof Rome , pointing out how the quantum properties of a single particle can be transferred to an ensemble of particles .
That allows a single entangled photon , which a human eye cannot see , to be amplified into a number of entangled photons that can be seen .
The eye can then be treated like any other detector .
This all looks like fun .
The first person to experience entanglement –mantanglement –would surely be destined for some interesting press covereage .
But the work raises an obvious question : why is Gisin pursuing this line ?
The human eyeball could be put to use in plenty of optics experiments , so why the focus on mantanglement ?
Could it be that Gisin thinks there is more to entanglement than meets the eye ?
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0902.2896 : Quantum experiments with human eyes as detectors based on cloning via stimulated
emission
New Haven , Conn . —
A missing link in the evolution of the front claw of living scorpions and horseshoe crabs was identified with the discovery of a 390 million - year - old fossil by researchers at Yale and the University of Bonn , Germany .
The specimen , named Schinderhannes bartelsi , was found fossilized in slate from a quarry near Bundenbach in Germany , a site that yields spectacularly durable pyrite - preserved fossils — findings collectively known as the Hunsrück Slate .
The Hunsrück Slate has previously produced some of the most valuable clues to understanding the evolution of arthropods – including early shrimp - like forms , a scorpion and sea spiders as well as the ancient arthropods trilobites .
Here is a reconstruction of Schinderhannes bartelsi .
( Photo Credit : Elke Groening )
" With a head like the giant Cambrian aquatic predator Anomalocaris and a body like a modern arthropod , the specimen is the only known example of this unusual creature , " said Derek Briggs , director of Yale 's Peabody Museum of Natural History and an author of the paper appearing in the journal Science .
Scientists have puzzled over the origins of the paired grasping appendages found on the heads of scorpions and horseshoe crabs .
The researchers suggest that Schinderhannes gives a hint .
Their appendages may be an equivalent to those found in the ancient predatory ancestor , Anomalocaris — even though creatures with those head structures were thought to have become extinct by the middle of the Cambrian Period , 100 million years before Schinderhannes lived .
The fossil 's head section has large bulbous eyes , a circular mouth opening and a pair of segmented , opposable appendages with spines projecting inward along their length .
The trunk section is made up of 12 segments , each with small appendages , and a long tail spine .
Between the head and trunk , there is a pair of large triangular wing - like limbs — that likely propelled the creature like a swimming penguin , according to Briggs .
Unlike its ancestors from the Cambrian period , which reached three feet in length , Schinderhannes is only about 4 inches long .
This is a photograph of Schinderhannes bartelsi .
( Photo Credit : Steinmann Institute / University of Bonn )
This finding caps almost 20 years of study by Briggs on the Hunsrück Slate .
" Sadly , the quarry from which this fabulous material comes has closed for economic reasons , so the only additional specimens that are going to appear now are items that are already in collectors ' hands and that may not have been fully prepared or realized for what they are , " said Briggs .
Source : Yale University
Pictured is Derek Briggs , Director of Yale 's Peabody Museum of Natural History .
( Photo Credit : M.Marsland / Yale )
ASSAULTS involving drinkers from pubs and clubs are running at levels up to twice those of official government figures , according to information contained in a confidential state - wide police database .
The database of 77,000 crimes and other incidents , obtained by the Herald after a three - year fight using freedom - of - information laws , details 13,086 separate assaults involving drinkers from pubs and clubs in the 11 months to last July .
It also reveals that traffic offences including drink - driving account for 30 per cent of incidents , the largest portion in the NSW Police alcohol - linking program .
Assault ranks second with 17 per cent .
A Herald analysis of the incidents also reveals that thousands of patrons are drunk when involved in assaults and other crimes even though the Liquor Act prohibits serving alcohol to intoxicated people .
The linking program shows 23,383 - or 30 per cent - of patrons involved in assaults and other " incidents " were assessed by police as drunk or very drunk .
A further 38 per cent were rated as " moderately " intoxicated .
The Pirate Bay trial is moving forward rapidly and again the day in court has ended early .
On the third day the prosecution presented the amended charges .
The defendants all called for acquittal while Carl Lundström 's lawyer scored points with the already legendary ' King Kong ' defense .
The third day of the trial started with prosecutor Håkan Roswall who presented his updated / amended charges to the Court , taking into consideration the developments of yesterday ( 50 % charges removed ) .
He characterized these amendments as a “ small change ” .
The defense lawyers responded saying , “ We do n’t agree that this is just a small adjustment of the claims , but we ’ll return to the matter later . ”
According to IFPI ’s Peter Danowsky , the damages claimed from The Pirate Bay are the same as if the site had ‘ legally ’ obtained licenses to distribute the music world - wide , regardless of whether all the downloaders had later decided to buy the music or not .
Effectively , they are trying to say that one download=one lost sale .
They are talking about imposing the costs of a “ global distribution license ” on TPB .
For the song “ Let it Be ” by The Beatles , IFPI is asking for 10 times the damages , since the band ’s music is n’t officially available online .
Interesting logic here – perhaps if The Beatles music was made officially available , people would n’t even need to pirate it .
The same 10X multiplier is used for all material ‘ made available ’ before official release , referring to this charge as a special “ preview license . ”
Peter Danowsky disputes the claims of the defense that they have no funds and cannot pay damages .
He called TPB “ organized crime on a grand scale , ” which netted “ significant revenues . ”
“ If I have all this money they claim , someone has apparently stolen it from me , ” Peter Sunde twittered in a reponse .
“ Maybe [ they are not able to pay ] the whole of the claimed damages , but a lot anyway , ” said Danowsky .
The damages being claimed against the four defendants total 117 million kronor ( $ 13 million ) .
Sony complained in court that The Pirate Bay never remove torrents on copyright holders request , but that they have the ability to do so since they remove torrents that are named in a way that does n’t reflect the material they link to .
They note that The Pirate Bay has a bad attitude to complaints and ridicules the complainer .
Sony says they have suffered many lost sales , suffered damage to their goodwill and other damages to their market .
Henrik Pontén from Svenska Antipiratbyrån ( Swedish Anti-Piracy Bureau ) said that their position is very similar to that of the IFPI .
Their claim for damages is based on what it would ’ve cost for The Pirate Bay to have acquired a global distribution license .
This value was doubled to account for an alleged “ loss of goodwill ” .
Next up , Monique Wadsted for the movie industry .
She talked about various alleged infringements , including those on the TV show ‘ Prison Break ’ .
Again , she feels that since the infringements took place before an official launch of the media , the damages are calculated based on the cost of a special “ global preview license ” .
During the second half of the morning session the defense lawyers had the chance to respond .
Due to the reduction in the charges , the four defendants say they have no responsibility for the charges that remain .
The lawyers representing all four called on the court for the acquittal of their clients .
Fredrik Neij ’s lawyer pointed out that the download figures as reported by the site were far from accurate , and that they should therefore not be used as evidence .
It was further argued that uploading a torrent does not mean that the copyrighted files are also ‘ available ’ , since it then has to be seeded .
The torrent files , on the other had , are not exclusively on The Pirate Bay , and can also be found through other search engines such as Google .
Gottfrid Svartholm ’s lawyer stated that users generate the content on The Pirate Bay , and that his defendant has no control over it .
Peter Sunde ’s lawyer pointed out that his client was merely the spokesperson of the site , and said that Peter was not responsible for anything else .
It was further argued that the correlation between the number of downloads and damages suffered by the copyright holders is non-existent .
As Carl Lundström ’s lawyer , Per E Samuelsson took the floor and pointed out the weaknesses in the prosecutor ’s case .
The defense argued that prosecutors have failed to prove that Lundström has been involved in any transfer of any copyrighted material .
He played the King Kong defense .
“ EU directive 2000/31 / EG says that he who provides an information service is not responsible for the information that is being transferred .
In order to be responsible , the service provider must initiate the transfer .
But the admins of The Pirate Bay do n’t initiate transfers .
It ’s the users that do and they are physically identifiable people .
They call themselves names like King Kong , ” Samuelsson told the court .
“ According to legal procedure , the accusations must be against an individual and there must be a close tie between the perpetrators of a crime and those who are assisting .
This tie has not been shown .
The prosecutor must show that Carl Lundström personally has interacted with the user King Kong , who may very well be found in the jungles of Cambodia , ” the lawyer added .
After the King Kong defense the court decided to adjourn the court case , which will continue tomorrow on day 4 .
Thus far , the trial is ahead of schedule .
Peter said that after today ’s proceedings they all went for some pizza , where they met the whole opposing side .
He asked if they could pick up the check .
“ They refused , ” he said .
While most of the Mac blogosphere has been occupied with a certain other browser release , the OmniGroup , a stalwart of NeXT and OS X software development , has made four of its own previously commercial apps , including the very appealing OmniWeb browser , completely free of charge .
The other applications in question are presentation improver OmniDazzle , useless file remover OmniDiskSweeper , and developer tool OmniObjectMeter .
Back years ago , pre-Safari and Firefox , my brother and I would debate constantly about which the best OS X browser .
He said OmniWeb , and I always argued in favor of Chimera ( which turned into Camino ) .
The reasons were pretty clear .
I was a college student and poor , and he was gainfully employed and could afford to pay for his browser .
Also , I had a 12 ″ Powerbook , and he had a 17 ″ model , so the large amount of screen real estate needed to take advantage of all of OmniWeb ’s cool features was no sweat for him .
A lot of time has passed since then , Camino has improved dramatically , and so has OmniWeb .
I ’m still no convert , but I ’m more tempted than I have ever been .
And free DiskSweeper !
That ’s awesome !
Hat tip : Gruber
A Weekend With Arch
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 11 , 2009
Within a few months of beginning with Linux , it became obvious that I was one of those who have severe difficulties settling on a distribution .
This situation presents some unique challenges , but generally , I 've found there are more benefits than drawbacks .
While I may have favorites , or be more familiar with some distributions than others , they all offer a little something different .
A few months ago , I wrote about Gentoo .
It 's been one of my favorites , as it's a learning experience and exceedingly stable when it 's been successfully configured .
A few commenters suggested Arch Linux as an alternative .
This weekend , I finally got a chance to take Arch for a spin .
A basic installation is n't a huge time investment , and while it is n't quite as " under the hood " as Gentoo is , it 's a clear canvas for those needing specific tasks and control on their system .
By nature , Arch Linux is barebones .
It is optimized for i686 and x86 - 64 architecture chips , and official and community repositories offer the full range of applications you 'd expect from any of the " larger " distributions .
Of course , the idea behind Arch is that you choose the included applications , development and desktop environments , daemons and services .
Arch does a very respectable job making this simple .
I opted for a network install of an i686 image via flash drive on my AMD Athlon X2 desktop .
I chose this method for a few reasons :
Arch recommends network installs to save time updating after the fact , 64 - bit operating systems are n't without quirks ( nor is booting some 32 - bits on 64 - bit systems ) , and a flash drive was handy .
Downloading the network install image and getting it on to my USB drive was straightforward , and the initial boot was uneventful ( save the not unexpected need for adding ' noapic ' to the kernel line in GRUB ) .
Indeed , the common installation guide and efficient approach to the installer made it seem , in many ways , less confusing ( if not quite as visually appealing ) than some graphical installers .
Somewhere in the process , I made a mistake , though .
Let me be clear on this : I am one hundred percent sure I made the mistake .
It was n't catastrophic , it was merely annoying .
I 'm still puzzled exactly where I went wrong , but I have a good guess .
It may be that a few configuration files need modification prior to Arch 's first boot .
This can vary from system to system , depending on hardware and desired use .
Most configuration files that Arch throws out here need minimal editing , and are listed to make specific edits simpler and to verify particulars .
For whatever reason ( likely clumsy keyboard work ) , my /etc / fstab had duplicate hard disk information , which ended up causing GRUB some confusion ( made all too obvious when the splash screen kernel image boot command was punctuated with line breaks ) .
That 's the beauty in a system such as Arch , however .
Because I had partitioned my drives , and explicitly told GRUB to install on the MBR , the odd appearance of the kernel boot parameters gave me a tip off where things were amiss , and I knew quite well where root was located .
Editing from the splash screen had me back in business shortly .
Arch boots into a terminal , and that 's where the fun begins .
Generally adding users and any necessary processes or services that will be required to run applications is suggested at this point .
Arch Linux uses Pacman for its package management system .
I told Arch to use the Pacman repository I used during install for any updates , but like other package managers , repositories can be changed or added as required .
First on the agenda for me was to get a desktop environment on the system .
I refreshed and updated Pacman , then issued the command :
pacman -S gnome
Pacman modestly states it does some basic dependency resolving and handling tasks .
It likely has a lot to do with the command line nature and the attention it draws to certain messages , but sometimes basic really is best .
Any suggested or questionable issues were explained thoroughly with pertinent information to getting the packages in question to behave as desired .
For instance , I was prompted to add fuse to my modules in /etc / rc.conf should I want it to load on boot , otherwise I would need to load it as needed manually with modprobe .
In the same vein , Arch does n't by default use abstraction layers to manage and administer software added to the system .
This makes things generally easier for your system to interact with different levels of applications ( and ideally keeps extraneous processes out of the picture ) .
It is something to be aware of , however .
Where my keyboard would function perfectly with the terminal , changing my runlevel , rebooting , and starting the display manager would give me a log in screen , a blinking cursor , and a completely immobile mouse and keyboard .
This was due to the HAL ( Hardware Abstraction Layer ) daemon not being called when my graphical interface was looking for the hardware needed to interact with it .
While it may seem foreign at first to not automatically start such processes , the idea is to have a system that behaves in exactly the manner you 'd expect .
As more components interact , knowing exactly what 's running , why , and how these pieces have behaved previously keeps the system running faster , and with more stability .
It 's hard to explain what Arch Linux , when it 's up and running , really is .
The idea , of course , is that it 's what you make it .
After installing the GNOME meta - package , and a few extras , I had a " core " system -- with a GNOME desktop .
It 's up to me to take it where I need it go next , and it pledges to keep a step back , and not try to be something I do n't need it to be .
It 's not something that will appeal to everyone , and that 's fine ( and as it should be ) .
Arch 's power is ironically both in its quick and dirty optimized core system and its completely blank slate approach to making it what you want it to be .
Arch is n't for those completely new to Linux -- nor does it claim to be .
There is a definite appeal , though , for those interested in a customized system without the " heavier " extras found on some Linuxes -- and who have n't quite the time needed to get other " bare " distributions working to their liking .
Those needing a no frills distribution for quirky hardware , or looking to streamline tasks from systems administration and development to advanced desktop computing might find that Arch is exactly what they 've had in mind .
Ms. Pascoe is Beekman Professor of Pacific and Northwest History and Professor of Ethnic Studies , University of Oregon , and author of What Comes Naturally : Miscegenation Law and the Making of Race in America .
The election ( and now the inauguration ) of Barack Obama has inspired a widespread sense of awe at the scope and scale of change in race relations in America — and more than a hint of self - congratulation .
The news media just ca n’t seem to resist trumpeting the example of interracial marriage .
When Barack Obama ’s white mother married his black father in 1961 , reporters remind us , their marriage would have been illegal in more than a dozen states .
See how far we ’ve come , they enthuse , falling into the trap of assuming that the legality of interracial marriage is proof that racism and white supremacy have disappeared into thin air and a colorblind utopia is on the way .
As someone who has spent nearly two decades studying the history of interracial marriage in America , I want to suggest that at a moment when talk of change seems to be everywhere , we could use a bit less celebration -- and a lot more reflection .
A good place to start is by recognizing the full depth and breadth of the elaborate structure of laws American once erected to prevent interracial marriage , or , in the usage of the day , “ miscegenation . ”
Between 1890 and 1948 , miscegenation laws were in force in 30 American states , and they prohibited whites from marrying Chinese , Japanese , Filipinos , and American Indians as well as blacks .
Supported by more than 90 percent of the white population , legal bans on interracial marriage show that marriage played a fundamental role in the creation of Jim Crow structures of racism and white supremacy .
It took opponents of these laws nearly a century to persuade state legislatures to repeal them and courts to declare them unconstitutional .
When the U.S. Supreme Court finally did so , in the 1967 case of Loving v. Virginia , American democracy took a big step forward .
It does not , however , follow that interracial marriage is synonymous with colorblindness or that the end of racism is at hand .
Generations of lawyers had to fight to make interracial marriage a legal right .
Many of them thought colorblindness was a wonderful idea , but few were naive enough to believe it actually existed .
Today the assertion that America is a colorblind nation is so commonplace that even the most conservative of Supreme Court justices are eager to wrap themselves in its mantle .
Yet forty years after the Supreme Court ’s decision in Loving v. Virginia , marriages between blacks and whites are still the rarest form of interracial marriage , and interracial couples still face a host of challenges , from stares on the street to confusion on the faces of their children ’s teachers and playmates .
And in yet another example of racism ’s shape - shifting power , America ’s prisons , police , schools , and housing markets offer daily evidence of how easy it is for claims of colorblindness to co-exist with , and even enable , new forms of white entitlement .
The wily tenacity of racism is not the only problem worth reflecting on .
On the night that Barack Obama was elected president , voters in California , Florida , and Arizona passed measures outlawing same - sex marriage ; in Arkansas they outlawed gay and lesbian adoptions .
Like reporters , gay and lesbian activists often bring up the example of interracial marriage .
Citing the U.S. Supreme Court ’s decision in Loving they contend that opponents of same - sex marriage today are just as misguided as opponents of interracial marriage once were .
I ’ve made this argument myself .
But if there is an eerie similarity between the turn - of - the - 20th - century claim that interracial marriage was unnatural and the turn - of - the - 21st - century claim that same - sex marriage is unnatural , there is also an important difference .
When opponents of interracial marriage succeeded in outlawing , criminalizing , and stigmatizing interracial marriage ( and labeling it “ unnatural , ” too ) , their victories came in state legislatures , courts , and public opinion .
Despite several attempts , they never managed to pass a federal law banning interracial marriage .
There was , in other words , nothing like the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) , which limits the federal definition of marriage to couples made up of one man and one woman .
DOMA , which was passed during the Clinton administration , ensures that even those gay and lesbian couples who are lucky enough to live in the very few states that allow same - sex marriage are barred from federal benefits routinely extended to married couples , like social security survivor ’s benefits , joint tax filing , and a host of others .
Barack Obama has expressed both his opposition to same - sex marriage and a core belief that gay and lesbian couples are entitled to all the rights , state and federal , that heterosexual married couples now enjoy .
My hope is that as president he will bring meaningful change to the marriage politics of our time by urging Congress to repeal DOMA .
If it ’s good to remind ourselves , now and then , of how far we ’ve come , it ’s even better to keep a clear - eyed focus on where we still need to go .
Feb 26 , 2009
Sigils are little symbols attached to a variable name that provide some information regarding its type , scope , or simply marking it as different from non-variables .
There is very little middle - ground on the opinion toward variable sigils among programmers ; you either love them , or you hate them .
The quintessential language containing sigils is probably Perl , followed by BASIC , and more recently Ruby .
I pick these three because they use sigils for different purposes :
BASIC 1 sigils denote datatypes foo$ denotes a variable holding a string
denotes a variable holding a string foo % denotes an integer Perl sigils denote a datatype category 2 $ foo denotes a scalar type
denotes a scalar type @foo denotes an array
denotes an array % foo denotes a hash
denotes a hash &foo denotes a subroutine Ruby sigils denote a variable ’s scope 3 $ foo denotes a global variable
denotes a global variable @foo denotes an instance variable
denotes an instance variable @@foo denotes a class variable
I personally like sigils — very much so .
However , I tend to prefer the types of sigils used by Ruby rather than the finer - grained meaning attached to Perl and BASIC sigils ( which is also the reason that I dislike Hungarian notation ) .
I like being able to read my source and , at a glance , soak in the maximum amount of information .
Sigils , when used sparingly , can provide a tremendous service .
However , there is a fine line between sigils providing useful information and those akin to line - noise .
My head tends to swim when looking at some Perl code due to the presence of sigils , but maybe that ’s just me ( probably not ) .
Therefore , when I set out to design my own experimental language , effective sigils were high on my wish list .
First Cut
Since my sandbox programming language
Ix is based on the CLIPS source base , I wholly adopted the CLIPS convention .
That is , CLIPS denotes variables using by pre-pending ?
or $ ? to the front of a symbol .
By convention , the former was meant to denote a scalar while the latter was meant for multifield 4 variables , but they could both be used interchangeably 5 .
Therefore , a simple reduce function initially looked like this :
fn ( reduce [ ?f $ ? lst ] if ( empty ? ( $ ? lst ) call ( ?f ) else call ( ?f first ( $?lst ) reduce ( ?f rest ( $?lst ) ) ) ) ) reduce ( _( 1 2 3 4 5 ) +)
Not too bad , but the sigils clutter up what is effectively a succinct function .
As an added disadvantage , I decided a long time ago that predicate functions in Ix should have a question mark at the end of them ; therefore , in this small function the question mark has two different meanings depending on the context .
But even still , I stuck with this syntax for months .
Second Cut
After writing a pile of code in the first version of Ix , I decided to add some syntactic sugar for the ( call ) function ( see its usage above ) .
As a result , the code above became :
fn ( reduce [ ?f $ ? lst ] if ( empty ? ( $?lst ) ?f ( ) else ? f( first ( $?lst ) reduce ( ?f rest ( $?lst ) ) ) ) ) reduce ( _( 1 2 3 4 5 ) +)
This looked a little better than the original , but there were a couple of issues that stuck with me :
The $ ? sigil was still too noisey
The ?f ( ) form is hideous , and $ ?f ( ) even moreso
The issue of differing meanings for ?
still remained
Third Cut
I initially decided to live with issues # 2 and # 3 and instead remove the $ ? form altogether .
fn ( reduce [?f ? lst ] if ( empty ?(?lst ) ?f ( ) else ? f( first ( ?lst ) reduce ( ?f rest (?lst ) ) ) ) ) reduce ( _( 1 2 3 4 5 ) +)
Better ?
It took me a while to learn to hate this new syntax , but eventually I did .
While reducing the $ ?
noise , it introduced a whole new problem .
That is , when calling predicate functions , the pattern ?(?
tended to cause mass confusion ( at least for me ) .
My mind would often fill in the second question mark even in its absence thus turning something like symbol ? ( x ) into symbol ? (?x ) .
Why is this a problem instead of and outright syntax error ?
The answer is that symbols in Ix are defined as any sequence of characters not starting with a number , and not containing a small set of delimiters .
6
Therefore , in the first call x is a symbol and thus the call to symbol ? ( ) always evaluates to true .
It took me only a few frustrating debugging sessions to see the err of my ways .
Today
After much despairing over the seeming disparity between wishing to keep sigils and requiring the presence of symbols as defined above , I hit on a very nice compromise .
That is , who ’s to say that a sigil must be a non-alphabetical character ( or sequence thereof ) ?
fn ( reduce [ F Lst ] if ( empty ?( Lst ) F ( ) else F( first ( Lst ) reduce ( F rest ( Lst ) ) ) ) ) reduce ( _( 1 2 3 4 5 ) +)
So what happened ?
Simple .
Variables are now identified as starting with a capital letter .
Assuredly , this is nothing new in the history of programming language design , but it did solve nicely the issues above :
Less visible noise Variables and symbols are clearly delineated F ( ) looks much nicer
There is now only one meaning of ?
Of course , the symbol ( x ) issue now evolved into symbol ( X ) issue , I found that the occurrences of this mistake disappeared once the confusing ?(?
pattern disappeared likewise .
I think I ’ve hit on the right formula for sigils in Ix .
That is , I ’ve reduced the granularity of their meaning to be agnostic of type and scope , while at the same time clearly separating symbols from variables .
Sigils are nice ; as long as they are not abused .
-m
Un-fricking - believable .
Bush , talking to ABC's Martha Raddatz , does a Cheney on the lies leading up to the Iraq invasion and the messy misadventure of the occupation :
BUSH : One of the major theaters against al Qaeda turns out to have been Iraq .
This is where al Qaeda said they were going to take their stand .
This is where al Qaeda was hoping to take– RADDATZ : But not until after the U.S. invaded .
BUSH : Yeah , that ’s right .
So what ?
The point is that al Qaeda said they ’re going to take a stand .
Well , first of all in the post - 9/11 environment Saddam Hussein posed a threat .
And then upon removal , al Qaeda decides to take a stand .
Dubya and his whole administration are determined to spin the whole of the last eight years as " ancient history " .
Raddatz should have thrown out her script at that point and eaten him alive , but she did n't .
Yet another failure of the tame media , who are too afraid of losing their precious access to ask the obvious questions even now .
Ian Williams of The Guardian laments the paucity of journalistic backbone on display :
With a few notable exceptions like Helen Thomas , Bush 's press conferences have not generated the indignation he so richly deserves from a largely quiescent White House press corps that needs government inspectors and Congressmen to tell it when it can be surprised and even occasionally indignant .
In a parochial way , one can understand why the press corps lacks indignation over Iraq 's 100,000 civilian dead and over two million external refugees , plus untold more internally displaced .
But it is still surprising that so many reporters can be polite and deferential with someone who has turned the US Federal Reserve into a giant Ponzi scheme and broken the world 's strongest economy .
They defer humbly to someone who has contrived the deaths of 4,200 US servicemen and women in Iraq .
It even failed to follow through on questions about the president 's murky military record with the Texas Air National Guard while his peers were dying in Vietnam .
This intrepid press corps showed no compunction in following in minute detail Clinton 's screwing around , but kept silent as Bush screwed entire nations .
Last week , a Senate report pointed the finger directly at Bush and his senior officials for authorising - indeed , ordering - torture and abuse of detainees .
But no one threw any shoes .
It is that fawning quiescence that allowed Bush to tell Bob Woodward : " I 'm the commander – see , I do n't need to explain – I do not need to explain why I say things .
That 's the interesting thing about being the president .
Maybe somebody needs to explain to me why they say something , but I do n't feel like I owe anybody an explanation . "
I 'll give the Newshogger 's Journalist of the Year Award to the first reporter to say to Dubya " You 're the President , so what ?
You work for us , you 're not the king . "
Crossposted from Newshoggers
Republicans are gritting their teeth and bracing for the arrival of a new senator whose every utterance will sound like nails on a chalkboard to them .
GOP sees Franken as top public enemy
With only a longshot court appeal standing in the way of Democrat Al Franken ’s election to the Senate , Republicans are gritting their teeth and bracing for the arrival of a new senator whose every utterance will sound like nails on a chalkboard to them .
While Sen. Norm Coleman ( R - Minn . ) has filed suit to contest the results of a disputed recount process that turned his narrow lead into a 225 - vote deficit , his likely defeat stands to turn Franken , the polarizing former “ Saturday Night Live ” writer , into the senator who launched a thousand direct mail fundraising appeals .
Advertisement
“ I do n’t know if we ’ve ever had an opponent who is so disliked by Republicans as Al Franken , ” said Minnesota Republican Party Chair Ron Carey , who cautioned that Coleman ’s election challenge could still turn the results back his way .
“ It ’s one thing to lose to an honorable opponent , but Al Franken is not considered an honorable opponent by Minnesota Republicans . ”
Marty Seifert , the Republican leader in the Minnesota House of Representatives , said Franken ’s long record of antagonizing conservatives would make it difficult for him to connect with voters who supported Coleman .
“ It ’s going to be hard for Franken to be very effective with any Republicans , in terms of having any credibility with us , just because he ’s been so nasty in the past , ” Seifert said .
“ He certainly has callous and very partisan behavior in the past that is beyond the pale . ”
According to Carleton College political scientist Steven Schier , Franken ’s record as a “ flamboyant and aggressive partisan ” would make him ripe for criticism back home .
“ I think it ’s impossible to overstate the hostility Minnesota Republicans feel toward Al Franken , ” Schier said .
“ He will be a very useful fundraising tool . ”
Republicans outside Minnesota are equally apoplectic when it comes to Franken .
Prominent conservative Rush Limbaugh , who Franken mocked in the title of one of his books , has already jabbed Franken on his radio show , telling listeners in December that Franken “ wo n’t quit [ the Senate race ] because he does n’t know how to get a real job …
He ’s a pathetic figure . ”
Democrats are hopeful that the resentment Franken faces from Republicans both within and outside of his home state will not impede his ability to win over his constituents – and his fellow members of the U.S. Senate .
They believe that by leaving behind his past as a bomb - throwing entertainer and focusing on issues , he will earn the respect of colleagues and can build on the 42 percent of the vote he won in November .
“ Every freshman senator will have a problem fitting in with that crew , but his will be a little more difficult , ” said former Minnesota Attorney General Mike Hatch , who was the Democratic - Farmer - Labor Party ’s nominee for governor in 2006 .
Hatch , who served as attorney general during the gubernatorial term of former professional wrestler Jesse Ventura , said celebrity candidates can’t take the habits of their old jobs with them into office .
“ There is this instinct and discipline of 20 or 30 years in the entertainment business … to draw attention , ” Hatch said .
“ He has to have a filter . ”
Polling results this week confirmed Franken 's precarious position : more Minnesotans have a negative impression of him than a positive one , by a 45 percent to 37 percent margin .
Those would be dismal numbers under any circumstances , but for a newly - elected senator they would be particularly alarming .
Matt Entenza , the former DFL Party leader in the Minnesota House , said Franken had defied expectations in the Senate race by restraining his sense of humor and campaigning as a sober workhorse .
“ The struggle for the campaign was always trying to communicate that he was a serious guy , and in some ways I think they toned him down almost too much , tried to be almost too serious , ” he explained .
“ You would see local TV anchors giving him questions that were designed to give him an opportunity for a humorous response .
He would give a very serious , wonkish policy response . ”
Former DFL Sen .
Mark Dayton agreed : “ He had to show people that he was really serious about issues , that he had a depth of policy understanding . ”
It ’s not just Democrats who expect Franken , the author of “ Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them : A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right , ” will chart a different course in the Senate .
Tim Penny , a former DFL congressman who joined the Minnesota Independence Party to run for governor in 2002 , said he expected Franken to be hyper - cautious about reviving concerns about his past career as a comedian and political provocateur .
“ I expect that on Capitol Hill he will be a very serious legislator – almost to the extreme , ” Penny said .
“ I think he ’s very determined to separate himself from that image of being nothing but a comedian , ” he continued .
“ I doubt he ’ll be accepting very many speaking engagements around the country , and to the extent that he does , I do n’t think they ’ll get the comedian they ’re expecting . ”
While Franken ’s allies in Minnesota are optimistic about his ability to temper his style to one that is more suited to the Senate , Republicans say self - restraint may not come so easily to such an experienced performer .
“ If he was in the U.S. Senate , would there be any professional decorum he could exhibit ? ” asked Carey , the GOP chairman .
“ Would he be able to control himself ? ”
Indeed , at the height of the campaign , even as he was locked in the political equivalent of mortal combat with Coleman , Franken could n’t quite resist the comedic impulse , consulting on a “ Saturday Night Live ” skit mocking Sen.
John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) in late September .
“ I think that he ’ll have a constant battle between the desire for – how shall I put it ?
– comedic satisfaction and a senatorial image , ” said Schier .
“ Can he help himself ?
Can he prevent himself from trying to be funny in a controversial way ? ”
And though Franken may have tried to project a serious image on the campaign trail , he struggled to escape his record as a performer , and some of his more off - color writings wound up in Republican press releases and advertisements .
In May , the Minnesota Republican Party drew attention to an article Franken wrote for Playboy in 2000 , titled “ Porn - o - Rama ! ” , charging that it represented “ the disrespectful writings of a nearly 50 - year - old man who seems to think that women ’s bodies are the domain of a man who just wants to have a good time . ”
Later in the race , a Coleman ad criticized Franken for writing “ tasteless , sexist jokes , ” “ juicy porn ” and “ foul - mouthed attacks on anyone he disagrees with . ”
The attacks apparently stuck , at least with Republicans .
Republican activist Joe Repya , a retired military officer who considered running against Coleman in the GOP primary , said Franken is “ viewed by both sides as a mean - spirited , carpet - bagging , foul - mouthed sexist supported by Hollywood money . ”
“ Franken , to his credit , was able to make enough people believe that he was only a comedian and that his skits and writings did n’t really show his real self , ” Repya said .
In addition to his background as a comedian , Penny said Franken could turn out to be a senator whose voting record proves out of the Minnesota political mainstream .
“ He will be a very reliable , 90 - plus percent vote for the Democratic leadership , ” Penny said , suggesting Franken would be “ down the line , in synch with the Democratic interest groups . ”
With heated criticism likely to come Franken ’s way throughout a term in the Senate , Dayton suggested one way Franken ’s former career could come in handy .
“ I hope he retains a sense of humor , ” Dayton said .
“ A sense of humor is a valuable asset in politics in general , and in the Senate . ”
He quickly added : “ In the right context . ”
Refined sugars have only relatively recently appeared in the diets of most people .
Regulatory pathways that balance calorie intake and energy expenditure and reward pathways help the body regulate ingestion of these sweeteners , as well as other foods .
The overconsumption of refined sugars , including sucrose and fructose , in beverages and prepared foods , undoubtedly contributes to the obesity epidemic that is escalating in the United States and throughout other industrialized countries around the world .
Obesity is also linked to inactivity , economic considerations , and the ready availability of food , but is the real problem that these sweeteners act like a drug , leading to a cycle of food use and reward and addiction ?
Many studies have uncovered commonalities between sugar intake and drugs of abuse , but a study in 2007 found that the reward experienced from sweetened food surpasses the reward experienced from cocaine .
In this study , rats were allowed to choose either intensely sweetened water or intravenous cocaine .
Amazingly , 94 % of the rats chose the sweetened drink over cocaine .
The rats made the same choice whether the water was sweetened with saccharin , an artificial no - calorie sweetener , or sucrose , a natural sugar .
When the rats were sensitized to cocaine and offered increasing doses of the drug , mimicking drug addiction , they still chose the sweetened water .
Both sweeteners and drugs of abuse stimulate dopamine receptors in the brain , which are critical to reward and learning pathways .
There is also a cross- tolerance and cross - dependence observed between sugars and drugs of abuse .
For example , animals that consume large quantities of sucrose are tolerant to the effects of morphine .
Also , naloxone , an opiate antagonist , precipitates signs of opiate withdrawal in animals that consume large quantities of sugar .
Further , people addicted to morphine demonstrate a preference for foods containing large amounts of sugar .
Last , adaptations in the brain of obese humans , namely in the regions involved in pleasure and emotions , are the same adaptations seen in humans addicted to cocaine and other drugs of abuse .
The authors of the current study on rats postulate that most mammals , including humans , have innate receptors for sweetness that are easily overstimulated by the sugar - rich diets available in modern societies .
By constantly overstimulating these receptors , there is a greater than normal reward signal generated , leading to a loss of self - control and addictive behaviors .
Humans overconsume refined sugars because they taste good .
When given a choice , most people will choose these palatable foods over non-palatable foods due to the rewarding aspects of ingestion .
Many people overconsume these substances so much that they lose control over their eating habits and jeopardize a healthy body .
Ultimately , the reward pathways overtake the regulatory pathways involved in feeding and energy homeostasis .
But , are the rewards of food really related to the rewards experienced from drugs of abuse ?
The evidence in humans in unclear , but deserves more investigation .
The addictive potential of food is intuitively appealing as many people struggle to gain control over their weight and eating habits and may offer new treatment options for obesity and its related metabolic consequences .
References
Magalie Lenoir , Fuschia Serre , Lauriane Cantin , Serge H. Ahmed ( 2007 ) .
Intense Sweetness Surpasses Cocaine Reward PLoS ONE , 2 ( 8 ) DOI : 10.1371/journal.pone.0000698
Levine AS , Kotz CM , Gosnell BA .
Sugars : hedonic aspects , neuroregulation , and energy balance .
Am J Clin Nutr .
Oct 2003;78(4) :834S-842S .
Levine AS , Kotz CM , Gosnell BA .
Sugars and fats : the neurobiology of preference .
J Nutr. Mar 2003 ;133(3) :831S-834S .
P OLSZEWSKI , A LEVINE ( 2007 ) .
Central opioids and consumption of sweet tastants :
When reward outweighs homeostasis Physiology & Behavior , 91 ( 5 ) , 506- 512 DOI : 10.1016/j.physbeh.2007.01.011
President Barack Obama ’s nominee for Labor secretary is running into fierce resistance from Republicans over her reluctance to state her views clearly on legislation that would make it easier for unions to organize .
The nomination of Rep. Hilda Solis has yet to be approved by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee — even though her confirmation hearing two weeks ago was among the first for Obama ’s cabinet picks .
The committee , chaired by Sen .
Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts , could not say Thursday when it would hold a vote .
Even if the committee approves Solis , her nomination could be blocked by a Republican senator on the floor .
The committee ’s ranking Republican , Sen . Mike Enzi of Wyoming , has been pressing for more detailed responses to questions posed on several issues , including the Employee Free Choice Act or card check bill .
The legislation would allow workers to organize simply by handing in enough cards expressing their preference .
Under card check , union membership rose steadily in the past century until 1947 , when Congress , under pressure from business , began requiring secret ballot elections .
Unions claim the election campaigns allow management to dissuade workers with threats .
Businesses argue that card check allows unions to pressure workers unduly to organize .
When asked Thursday whether he was satisfied with the answers Solis has given , Enzi said : “ What answers ? ”
“ She does n’t even recognize her own record when giving the answers , ” Enzi said .
“ Right now there are people who do n’t want her out of committee .
It ’s not just me . ”
Enzi said that while senators traditionally confirm a president ’s nominations , “ there ’s also the obligation to really get it down on paper what their beliefs are . ”
Solis has a strong reputation as a friend of labor — her father was a Teamster , and as a congresswoman , she marched on the picket line during a high - profile grocery - store picket line in her Southern California congressional district .
She voted for the Employee Free Choice Act in the House in 2007 .
The bill later died in the Senate but is being resurrected in this Congress .
The business community has targeted defeat of the bill among its top goals this year , engaging in a multi-million dollar campaign against it .
A full - page ad in Thursday ’s Politico portrays congressional leaders , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , as ignoring what opponents call the union “ power grab . ”
The bill ’s progress is being watched on The Strip as it would enable workers at the remaining nonunion casino properties in Las Vegas to more easily join unions .
At Solis ’ confirmation hearing two weeks ago , she repeatedly dodged questions about the bill , saying she could not express her opinion on it because she and Obama had not yet discussed the issue .
At the time , Solis ’ responses seemed strategic — a way to avoid giving fodder on a hot - button issue to those who may oppose her nomination .
Enzi said he hoped the nominee would talk with the president about the bill , “ get an answer , give us an answer . ”
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
An additional amendment has been added to the Bill of Rights .
It 's called The Republican Hissy Fit Exception .
No matter what harm has been caused by the Republican party to our country and applies especially when they have been voted out of office because of that harm , any piece of Democratic legislation being discussed may be attacked with the intent of watering it down or destroying it completely ( voided ) at any time as long as one conservative in Congress has a hissy fit .
The traditional media must immediately validate their hissy fit by repeating said hissy fit talking points over and over again in print , on the Internets , on radio and on TV as many times as necessary to accomplish said goal of compromising the legislation that the hissy fit is applicable to .
False information is also allowed to be transmitted by the hissy fitter and the media in an effort to implement the Conservative Hissy Fit exception .
An alternative name that may be used is the Republican Hissy Fit exception .
There has never been a tie in a U.S. presidential election , but the Constitution outlines a process for resolving such a scenario .
Due to the way the Electoral College is structured , it is possible for a candidate to win an election despite losing the popular vote .
This has happened only five times in U.S. history : in 1824 when John Quincy Adams defeated Andrew Jackson , in 1876 when Rutherford B. Hayes defeated Samuel Tilden , in 1888 when Grover Cleveland defeated Benjamin Harrison , in 2000 when George W. Bush defeated Al Gore , and in 2016 when Donald J. Trump defeated Hillary Clinton .
But if the 538 electors in the Electoral College split their vote at 269 to 269 and cannot agree on a candidate , then the House and Senate must step in to hold a contingent election .
Here 's what would happen and who would need to become involved if there were a tie in the Electoral College .
The U.S. Constitution
When the U.S. first gained its independence , Article II , Section 1 of the Constitution outlined the process for selecting electors and the process by which they would choose a president .
At the time , electors could vote for two different candidates for president ; whoever lost that vote would become vice president .
This led to serious controversies in the elections of 1796 and 1800 .
In response , Congress ratified the 12th Amendment in 1804 .
The amendment clarified the process by which electors should vote .
More importantly , it described what to do in the event of an electoral tie .
The amendment states that " the House of Representatives shall choose immediately , by ballot , the President ” and “ the Senate shall choose the Vice - President . "
The process is also used in the event that no candidate wins 270 or more Electoral College votes .
The House of Representatives
As directed by the 12th Amendment , the 435 members of the House of Representatives must make their first official duty the selection of the next president .
Unlike the Electoral College system , where a larger population equals more votes , each of the 50 states in the House gets exactly one vote when selecting the president .
It is up to the delegation of representatives from each state to decide how their state will cast its one and only vote .
Smaller states like Wyoming , Montana , and Vermont , with only one representative , wield as much power as California or New York .
The District of Columbia does not get a vote in this process .
The first candidate to win the votes of any 26 states is the new president .
The 12th Amendment gives the House until the fourth day of March to select a president .
The Senate
At the same time that the House is selecting the new president , the Senate must select the new vice president .
Each of the 100 senators gets one vote , with a simple majority of 51 senators required to select the vice president .
Unlike the House , the 12th Amendment places no time limit on the Senate 's selection of a vice president .
If There Is Still a Tie
With 50 votes in the House and 100 votes in the Senate , there could still be tie votes for both president and vice president .
Under the 12th Amendment , as amended by the 20th Amendment , if the House has failed to select a new president by Jan. 20 , the vice president - elect serves as acting president until the deadlock is resolved .
In other words , the House keeps voting until the tie is broken .
This assumes that the Senate has selected a new vice president .
If the Senate has failed to break a 50 - 50 tie for vice president , the Presidential Succession Act of 1947 specifies that the Speaker of the House will serve as acting president until tie votes in both the House and Senate have been broken .
What About Ties in a State ’s Popular Vote
What would happen if a state ’s popular presidential vote ever resulted in a tie ?
While statistically remote , tie votes are possible , particularly in smaller states .
In the event a state ’s popular vote was to result in an exact tie , a recount is required .
Should the vote remain a tie even after the recount , state law governs how the tie is to be broken .
Similarly , an extremely close or disputed vote could result in a state run-off election or legal action to decide the winner .
Under Federal law at 3 U.S.C. section 5 , state law governs and would be conclusive in determining the state ’s Electoral College vote .
If the state has laws to determine controversies or contests as to the selection of its electors , the state must make that determination at least six days prior to the day the electors meet .
Past Election Controversies
In the controversial 1800 presidential election , an Electoral College tie vote occurred between Thomas Jefferson and his running mate , Aaron Burr .
The tie - breaking vote made Jefferson president , with Burr declared vice president , as the Constitution required at the time .
In 1824 , none of the four candidates won the required majority vote in the Electoral College .
The House elected John Quincy Adams president despite the fact that Andrew Jackson had won the popular vote and the most electoral votes .
In 1837 , none of the vice - presidential candidates won a majority in the Electoral College .
The Senate vote made Richard Mentor Johnson vice president over Francis Granger .
Since then , there have been some very close calls .
In 1876 , Rutherford B . Hayes defeated Samuel Tilden by a single electoral vote , 185 to 184.﻿﻿
And in 2000 , George W. Bush defeated Al Gore , 271 to 266 electoral votes in an election that ended in the Supreme Court .﻿﻿
DECATUR , Ala . -- New York Giants receiver Taye Biddle is recovering from gunshot wounds to his hand and leg after being shot while visiting family in his hometown .
Decatur police said in a statement Thursday that Biddle was shot outside a residence and was treated and released from a hospital .
Police said there was no evidence Biddle caused or provoked the shooting .
" He had surgery on his hand today , " Biddle 's friend , Bruce Jones , told The Decatur Daily Thursday .
" He told me his leg is OK , and he ought to be fine . "
The 25 - year - old Biddle grew up in Decatur and played college football at the University of Mississippi .
Police have not made any arrests in the case .
Biddle was promoted from the Giants ' practice squad after receiver Plaxico Burress was suspended for a game in September .
This conceptual proposal for Chicago 's Monroe Harbor was designed in honor of the great American architect Daniel Burnham , but perhaps more importantly , to secure Chicago 's bid for the 2016 Olympic games .
The proposal is a modern interpretation of Burnam 's 1909 master plan for Chicago .
In a land locked city , the Chicago Eco -Bridge offers an extension of the landscape that would dramatically change the face of the city , and perhaps the United States .
This is one of the boldest proposals we 've seen on our soil .
The Eco-Bridge , along with Fresh Kills and Governor 's Island in New York , is part of a growing class of massive scale landscape projects .
While nations like the Netherlands and Dubai have become relative experts on terrestrial reclamation and island building , our country has been slow to jump on the bandwagon .
With the " green movement " in full swing , Eco -Bridge represents an opportunity to get back on the international stage .
The concept calls for a slew of vertical wind turbines , a multi-use athletic trail , electric trolley line , and a solar - harvesting observation tower that promises to take full advantage of the city 's skyline .
What 's unique about this proposal is that this would be a new type of public space never before seen in the U.S .
The interaction with Lake Michigan and the shoreline is a new relationship ; one that would put the users in limbo somewhere between sea , earth , and sky .
Designed by Adrian Smith and Gordon Gill Architects , the plan is to have the central observation tower be the home for the Olympic flame .
A glowing fireball a hundred or more feet in the sky would certainly be a symphony of the elements in dramatic fashion .
Perhaps more importantly , it would be a next - generation Statue of Liberty of sorts , welcoming the world once again to America .
See also Masdar Headquarters and Clean Technology Tower by AS+GG .
Photo credits : © Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture .
London , UK -
We all know the green mantras .
Change your lightbulbs , recycle , fly less , buy a hybrid car , turn down the thermostat .
The list goes on and on .
But here 's the rub .
On their own they are never going to be enough to stop global warming .
I know it is green heresy but it is true .
How do I know ?
Because I am the BBC's Ethical Man and my family and I spent a year doing everything we could think of to reduce our carbon emissions .
We did all the big stuff .
We stopped flying , got rid of the car and changed the way we heat and power our home .
Here 's a snapshot of our ethical year :
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions
But we only managed to cut our carbon emissions by 20 % .
That 's right , just 20 % .
Remember , according to the scientists we need to cut our emissions by 80 % by 2050 just to keep climate change within two degrees centigrade of current world temperatures .
Clearly even the best efforts of ethical men and women on their own will not be enough to prevent global warming .
So the BBC has given me a new and bigger challenge , nothing less than to save the world from climate change !
I 'm going on a 6,500 mile trip around the nation that brought the world the motor car , the aeroplane , the suburb , the drive - thru hamburger joint and the hot tub , in search of solutions to the biggest problem on earth .
Each American is responsible for 20 tons of carbon dioxide emissions , more than twice that of the average European .
But America is also the most innovative and powerful nation on earth and , what 's more , has a president who says he is serious about tackling global warming .
The idea is simple .
If we can solve global warming here , we can solve it anywhere .
We 've sketched a rough schedule .
We 'll be starting in a small town in Michigan called Muskegon , and then we 'll trace a giant circle round via Detroit , Washington , Texas , California and back to Muskegon .
We 've lined up all sorts of people to speak to but we need more .
We want to meet people who are already trying to find the answers the world needs .
Who do you think we should be talking to ?
Do you have any ideas about how we might make the massive changes to our societies that will be necessary to cut greenhouse gas emissions ?
Do you know anyone who is working in their garage on some crazy invention that might just save the world ?
And I 've got another , rather more personal request .
Because I 'm travelling as the BBC's Ethical Man I 've been ordered to keep my environmental impact to an absolute minimum .
Of course I 'm going to fly from Britain , but after that my producer Sara insists that I have to get around in the most low carbon way possible .
I have downloaded the Greyhound bus timetable and am looking at what trains I might catch ... but how else can I get around ?
Please click the Ethical Man Feed button in the right hand column and subscribe to my RSS feed .
Then you 'll be alerted to any new blogs .
I plan to post regular reports as I travel around America , and want to stimulate a vigorous debate about whether we can , or indeed should , attempt to build a low - carbon economy .
You can find out more about my last Ethical Man project here .
And you can follow my progress across America via the Ethical Man Facebook group and on Twitter .
Feature trailer for Friday the 13th .
After the supposed death of her son at a summer camp , a mother begins to kill the camp employees .
After her death at the hands of the remaining employees , her son returns to continue her bloody work .
Jared Padalecki filmed Friday the 13th while he was on hiatus from his very popular show Supernatural .
His co-star from the show , Jensen Ackles , spent the same hiatus making another horror remake , My Bloody Valentine .
Scout - Taylor Compton audition for the role of Jenna but the role went to Danielle Panabaker .
Compton starred in the Rob Zombie remake of Halloween .
She also played Jared Padalecki ’s little sister on Gilmore Girls .
The film opening weekend earned over $ 43 million .
With a budget of $ 19 million and a worldwide box office of over $ 91 million , it is the highest grossing Friday the 13th film of the series .
Jason Voorhies , the bullied kid with a grudge is back and he is still angry .
A new group of young people who apparently do not do not check Yelp prior to planning their vacation show up to Camp Crystal Lake and are stalked by the hockey mask wearing , machete Wielding maniac .
Jared Padalecki plays a guy in search of his sister who disappeared at the camp mysteriously , although not entirely mysteriously but for him it is .
It does not seem entirely believable that Jared Padalecki would not be able to give a pretty fair fight against Jason , which I am sure means he will survive the film .
The actor is enormous , tall and built like a brick house , there is no way he is going to crumble at the sight of some deformed man / child ghost with mommy issues .
The rest of the trailer includes plenty of terrifying moments and potential for gory death scenes all with a bunch a good looking young actors awaiting their death scene .
The Friday the 13th movies have been hit and miss mostly due to the fact that there have been so many .
This remake gives the series a little more gloss and sheen by infusing it with some modern horror tricks and familiar actors .
Marcus Nispel , the director who made the 2003 remake of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre with Jessica Biel also directed Friday the 13th , which bodes especially well for the film because Texas Chainsaw was an exceptional remake with a lot of tension and terrifying moments .
The trailer for Friday the 13th looks to be is an exhilarating entry in the franchise .
Written in March 2008 .
I wrote this as a favor to a feline person on a now - defunct therianthropy / otherkin forum , Trueform Within .
She expressed envy of a fae - kin ’s presence and glamour , and asked for any tips on mimicking that ability to charm and “ light up a room ” .
I could understand this feeling … and so I wrote on glamour .
First , an emphatic disclaimer : I am not fae - kin .
I have not studied the lore and legends of glamour .
Nor have I extensively and methodically experimented with it .
I write as one who observes and is good at observing ; I write as a dabbler and casual experimenter .
At best , this is “ armchair magic ” – theory , mostly untested , and extrapolation .
My observations and experiences are UPG – unverified personal gnosis – sometimes but not always corroborated by the experiences and perceptions of others .
Your mileage may vary .
With that in mind , I ask any fae - kin , more experienced occultists , and people more familiar with the lore to give your two cents , point out inaccuracies and flawed reasoning , and add your own experiences .
Let me first attempt to define glamour .
The dictionary definition is “ the quality of fascinating , alluring , or attracting , esp. by a combination of charm and good looks ” , or “ magic or enchantment ; spell ; witchery ” .
Now , most of the definitions of glamour I ’ve seen in a magical context puts it as a type of magic , one of illusion , fascination , and attraction .
It is a sort of charm .
So let ’s define glamour as illusion and fascinating ( and by “ fascinating ” I mean “ attracting intense interest ” as in “ holding someone spellbound in fascination ” – a sort of mesmerism and magnetism ) .
I personally divide glamour into two basic types : “ bright ” and “ dark ” .
This is more of a reference to how they feel to me , a description of manifestation , rather than a moral judgment .
I do n’t know if there are better terms , so these are the ones I use .
I find “ bright ” glamour to be immediately noticeable , and having noticed it , I can avoid being affected by it .
Apparently not everyone notices it like that , but I ’m speaking from my own experience here .
Bright glamour is flashing charm , a flame of charisma drawing people near like moths .
The bright fae is shiny , glowing , the center of attention , impossible to ignore .
Sie induces feelings of infatuation , fascination in all meanings of the word .
Sie is a prism and a fire , entrancing , hypnotic , dancing .
This is the fae - magic so typically described in old songs , the stuff that leads mortals into faerie holds , never to return .
Of course , here in the hard physical world , it tends more to lead people into infatuation and obsession , leaving broken hearts when the fae - kin forgets the temporary romantic catch for a new shiny plaything .
I ’ve watched it happen time and time again at faire .
Glamour plays with the hearts and minds of people , and I ’ve watched fae - kin do this effortlessly , unceasingly , automatic manipulation with unthinking ease – and half the time I think they do n’t realize what they do , and do n’t see the trails of broken hearts in their wake .
Morgan Felidae ( NyteMuse on LiveJournal , a Feri practicioner and fae - kin ) noted , “ Most fey only actively use very little glamour .
It ’s more appropriate in a lot of cases to say that fey ARE glamour . ”
For many fae , using glamour is much like breathing or circulating blood : a very natural , unconscious process .
Then there is the “ darker ” glamour .
It is more a magnetism than a bright charisma .
It ’s almost like velvet shadows , the enchantment of black velvet and smoky spices rather than that of dancing fire and moonlight .
It draws people in as well , but with the allure of the forbidden or mysterious rather than shining charm .
It draws the sort of people addicted to fixing , or pain , or those who secretly desire to play on the edge of things and sense that edge in the wielder of shadow - glamour .
Jareth the Goblin King from the movie Labyrinth is a perfect example of the use of this sort of glamour .
It ’s the “ bad boy ” allure .
It ’s also the magnetism of the wounded , that hint of “ there ’s a softness beneath this cold exterior that you can maybe reach ” or “ there ’s hurt beneath this hardness that you can heal ” .
It ’s a far subtler glamour , but equally entrapping and potent .
It ’s a glamour that I ’ve seen come seemingly naturally to demon - kin ( of varying sorts , not just Abrahamic ) and many vampires as well as certain types of fae .
The bright glamour draws people in by displaying an excess of color and light that others yearn to share , to become a perhaps a little more bright themselves by contact with such fire .
The dark glamour draws with a vacuum , speaking to peoples ’ desire to be needed .
Yet they both manipulate , use , and take .
I think it is no coincidence that fae and vampires often overlap ; glamour is a most excellent bait to bring one ’s food to one ’s door .
Fae are , I think , integrally vampiric in nature .
Still .
The bright glamour is enviable , and that ’s part of its lure .
It can even inspire hate , in some especially envious people , even as they often ca n’t seem to resist it .
Whether one should succumb to such envy is debatable … but this is not quite a piece on morality .
How to learn it or at the very least mimic it ?
Let ’s start with the mundane approaches first – and let ’s work towards bright glamour rather than darker glamour , since that ’s what the feline person over on Trueform Within seems to want to mimic .
First : confidence .
Or at least the seeming of confidence .
The “ bright ” fae I ’ve observed , and non-fae who have a similar sort of bright color , have a certain self - assurance and seeming lack of shyness that is appealing and attractive .
I doubt that glamour can be even mimicked without this basis of self - assurance .
It does n’t need to be real confidence ; I asked a bright / colorful friend about it once , and she says most of it is fake , a real sort of “ fake it till you make it ” .
Getting yourself to show that confidence ( however fake it might be ) can take some work .
Figure out what makes you feel more confident or what forces you to be less passive / shy .
Elaborate makeup , different hair cuts and styles , unusual clothing – if you can manage to have a physical appearance that is already colorful and remarkable , it might be a little easier to say “ To hell with it – I ca n’t hide like this , I might as well stop acting like I can escape notice ” .
Second : physicality .
The way one moves , walks , and holds oneself can completely change how people react to hir .
If you keep a lowered gaze and lowered head , slouch a bit , and keep to the edges of a hall or room or walkway , you ’re going to attract less attention .
I used to cultivate this sort of physicality in an attempt to not be seen during middle school and high school ; I was a shy sort of kid .
If you make eye contact ( though not too strong / constant of eye contact , not an aggressive bold stare , because that ’ll provoke a different sort of reaction ) , smile at least somewhat naturally , keep your head up , walk with a bit of a spring in your step – people are going to respond positively to that .
But there ’s also physicality to make you more magnetic or attractive , too , other than just the approachable / invisible / unapproachable body language mentioned above .
Take some dance classes , or martial arts ; it ’ll train a certain force and grace and direction into your physicality .
Find some person , actor , or character whose magnetism and charisma you admire and study their body language , how they move and walk .
Try incorporating felinity or wolfishness or some other animal ’s movement style into yours and see how that looks or feels .
Nytemuse , an Unseelie fae , suggested that the “ bright ” glamour “ can be mimicked by engaging in open expressive movements that bear a certain amount of grace , so dance or martial arts is a good start . ”
Another point from Nytemuse :
“ People are attracted to fun , lightheartedness , joy .
The truly ‘ bright ’ masters take joy in the simplest things , so that they radiate no hidden agenda or sense of manipulation … they do n’t scream ‘ predator ’ or ‘ puppetmaster ’ .
They are often truly naive and childlike , and that is what draws the eye .
Go to a park some time and see just how many people are fascinated by watching a young child play with a completely mundane object or activity .
That newness , because zie has never seen a butterfly before , or a soap bubble .
It fascinates because it contrasts .
Most adults lose the ability to see the mundane as fantastic , so they are mesmerized by someone who can , especially someone they do n’t expect that from ( someone their own age ) .
That is one of the aspects that makes infants so terribly alluring , is watching them discover everything for the first time , and sometimes recalling what that was like for you all those years ago .
To be completely caught up in what you are doing , not worrying about your job or taxes or relationship problems , but just completely taken by the sheer pleasure of the music and dancing … that air of joy is the flame to which moths are drawn .
To us , the carnal pleasures are the greatest indulgence , so we are creatures of sensuality .
The experience of eating a really good meal , or listening to a heart - rending aria from an opera can be like sex , so we allow ourselves to be taken by the experience of the senses .
And that joy , that willful abandonment , is what creates that sparkle . ”
This starts to edge into the less mundane ways of imitating , approximating , or perhaps even using glamour .
Taking on the traits of someone or something else starts to blur into the metaphysical , depending on your views and how you approach that sort of shift .
Here ’s where we get into the weird , now …
If you are therian , an animal person , you already have a leg up on learning to use ( or rather mimic ) glamour .
I have noticed that animal people have the allure of things untamed .
People have a strange desire to touch , own , and tame the wild and the exotic .
We visit zoos and long to touch the tiger , to pet the bear , to jess the falcon .
This same desire manifests with therians .
There ’s a hint of wind and woods and half - feral movement in animal people that awakens the urge to touch / tame / possess .
I see my therian friends attract possessive clingy suitors ( and this happens to me as well ) and be miserable when in relationships with such people .
If they ’re self - aware and conscientious of boundaries , they get out of the relationship ; a half - wild thing does not cope well with cages .
But that is tangential .
The point is that there ’s already a magnetism and allure to animal people .
It ’s not glamour , and it ’s got a distinctly different flavor , and does n’t “ light up a room ” , but learning to control and amplify that natural magnetic appeal might have a very similar end result .
Secondly , Empathic projection can imitate glamour , in a way .
I can only explain how I personally project , though ; others might be able to better explain this .
I find a way to make myself feel the emotion I wish to project , either by simply willing it or finding a stimulus that provokes that emotion in myself ( the second works better , for me ) .
I push energy and intent into it , let it build , and then push it outward – either just as a sort of aura about me , or at a particular individual .
Third , similar to the second : Weaving an aura or an illusion about you .
I ’ve only ever done this for job interviews ( and when I get an interview , I pretty much have always gotten the job ) .
I sit , center myself , ground , and then build energy in my center , instilling it with the impressions I want the interviewer to get of me .
“ Confident ” , “ capable ” , “ good for the job ” – these sort of things – thickly flavoring the energy with these impressions .
Then I build that into a shield , almost like a projection but woven about my body like a second skin .
( I do n’t know if this makes any sense .
I ’m not very good at explaining this sort of thing .
But I did say I ’d try . )
This is perhaps as close to true glamour as I get , the illusion sort of glamour .
One could probably color this weaving with traits like “ bright / shining / iridescent ” or “ intriguing / you want to get to know me / beautiful ” or the like .
The only other way to imitate glamour that I can think of is through an energetic sort of magnetism .
Making oneself a magnet that draws others to oneself .
I ’ve never tried this , and I ’m not entirely sure how it ’d be done ; theoretically , I think one would create a pulling sensation within / around oneself .
Rather than just making oneself attractive physically and charismatically , it ’d be more of a “ come to me / look at me ” sense .
Nytemuse made a good point :
The way to fascinate is to keep something hidden , show only a portion of the image and the truth .
Illusion mixed with reality , something that simultaneously confuses and intrigues .
That creates mystery , which intrigues and draws others to look closer .
According to Rune ( stiobhanrune on LiveJournal , a self - identified Witch who sometimes teaches glamourie to his students ) :
1. Glamoury is not a lie .
It is a coloring of truth , a turning of the facets of reality so that they scintillate .
Or , go hidden .
Either way works , and while the “ do n’t notice me ” glamour oft is held to be unremarkable , it is still quite significant .
2. Glamoury is a trick ; it requires a gimmick , a focus in order to work .
One must act in such a way that will fascinate if one would fascinate .
One must act in such a way as to be subtle , if one would be subtle .
So , if you want to catch attention , draw attention to yourself .
3 . Glamoury is like all of the Artes of the Eyes : it requires a change in one ’s perspective , one ’s view .
One does n’t need to paint a person with makeup or brush their hair , one can simply look upon the person and ‘ see ’ them as beautiful , and then remark upon a feature that others can focus upon .
“ You have absolutely brilliant eyes , ” things like that usually do the trick .
Incidentally , that ’s why most famous glamour spells had to do with social tricks , like Cinderella ’s entrance to the ball at the moment when everyone would notice a latecomer .
To attract , draw attention .
To be ignored , deflect or distract attention .
Please note that the ethics of all this are very debatable and should be thought on before one acts on such things .
Also , this is a lot of projection , illusion , and masking ; are you comfortable with showing an illusion rather than yourself ?
With fae - kin , they are that bright ; it is naturally part of them , the illusions enhance rather than falsify .
With those of us who are not so naturally scintillating , it is not genuine .
A better option might be tying these illusions into a piece of jewelry or some sort of physical focus .
Put on the jewelry and you put on the illusion ; let it be temporary , removable , and do n’t wear it all the time .
An act can become you ; a mask can become permanent , if you ’re not careful .
Another option might be figuring out one ’s natural attractive elements and style , and enhance those .
That ’s rather more genuine , real , and probably more effective .
So you do n’t light up a room – but perhaps you have a shy , wild allure and feline liquid grace , and by building on those , you can draw individuals to you as you stalk a crowd ’s edge .
You wo n’t draw a crowd of admirers , but you might find greater value in the individuals you attract with your animality .
You also might find it ’s a different variety and quality of attention and notice , and it might ( for you ) be preferable .
The aid would involve a new capital injection that would increase the government 's stake in the troubled bank , but would not constitute nationalization , which has been a major concern for investors .
The news pushed US stocks higherinitially and helped spark rallies in Europe and Asia .
Sources say bank executives are hoping the govenment stake will top out at about 25 percent , athough it is possible it could be as high as 40 percent .
In either case , if the govenment converts its current preferred - stock status to common shares , Citi shareholders would see their stakes diluted and the government would potentially have a much larger influence over Citi .
Treasury spokesman Isaac Baker said : " We do n’t comment on conversations with specific banks .
However , as part of the Financial Stability Plan announced two weeks ago , financial institutions can apply to convert their existing preferred stock into a new convertible preferred stock , which can be exchanged into common equity shares at the option of the company as needed to strengthen their capital structure .
We are open to considering a request to do so if the institution and it ’s regulator believe it would promote the long term stability of that institution , and if we believe it ’s in the best interest of long term stability of our economy and financial system . "
Surgeon busted for using human fat to fuel cars
( Agencies )
Updated : 2008-12-29 12:03
LOS ANGELES --
A former Beverly Hills plastic surgeon is in trouble with the law because he fueled his car with human fat sucked from his patients .
Craig Alan Bittner apparently created " lipo - diesel " from his patient 's fat and used it to fuel his Ford SUV and his girlfriend 's Lincoln Navigator .
California public health officials say that it is illegal because state law forbids the use of human medical waste to power vehicles .
Bittner said he was trying to be environmentally friendly by using the " lipo - diesel . "
" The vast majority of my patients request that I use their fat for fuel -- and I have more fat than I can use , " Bittner wrote on lipodiesel.com , which is no longer online .
" Not only do they get to lsoe their love handles or chubby belly but they get to take part in saving the earth . "
His patients might not have been such willing participants , however .
An attorney for three of the patients suing Bittner says his assistant and girlfriend removed more fat than necessary -- presumably to use it for making the fuel -- and that the patients were disfigured because of it .
Neither his girlfriend nor the assistant had medical licenses .
Dozens of other patients have complained about Bittner to the state medical board .
The board is investigating Bittner , but has made no official comment .
Bittner 's practice , Beverly Hills Liposculpture , closed in November .
It 's unclear when he started and stopped making his " lipo - diesel " or how he made it .
According to Bittner 's Web site , he moved to South America after closing his practice to do volunteer work at a clinic .
The attorney for the patients suing Bittner suspects he fled the country because of the investigations .
Residents and business leaders from across Monmouth and Ocean counties in New Jersey came together last week for an energy summit in order to discuss the various technologies under exploration in an attempt to wean the state off its traditional supplies of power by using alternative energies .
One of the main topics at the forum was the proposal for a wind farm off the coast of the Jersey Shore which would provide power to more than 100,000 homes in the state .
The proposed 348 - megawatt offshore wind project would utilize 116 turbines , and with the wind park located more than 15 miles from shore , it will be only faintly visible from land .
Co-hosted by the Monmouth - Ocean Development Council ( MODC ) & Jersey Shore Partnership Foundation , the forum was titled “ Powering the Coast : Energy and Job Creation Opportunities For New Jersey . ”
“ With both federal and state incentives becoming available to pursue green energy initiatives in New Jersey , particularly along the coastline , it is important for government and private sector leaders to fully understand the impact , financial as well as environmental , that these new energy resources will have on our coastline , ” Benjamin L. Waldron , Executive Director of the MODC , told Consumer Energy Report .
“ There is also the potential for large numbers of job opportunities over the next decade to develop , construct and operate these facilities . ”
Models of offshore wind projects in Europe were presented at the meeting , which included a plan in the U.K. to power the entire residential sector with offshore wind by 2020 .
Germany , which plans on 20,000 megawatts , and Denmark were also cited .
The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities ( NJ BPU ) awarded the rights last year to Garden State Offshore Energy ( GSOE ) , a joint venture of PSEG Renewable Generation and Deepwater Wind .
The company hopes to blunt opposition from environmentalists and residents who say that turbines diminish ocean views , by placing the turbines far enough from the shore so that the naked eye wo n’t be able to see it on a normal day .
An 18 month study , launched in January 2008 , is currently being conducted in order to assess the impact that the wind farm would have on the area ’s sea life , such as avian species , marine mammals , sea turtles , fish and shellfish .
With transmission constraints from the west , New Jersey needs power from the east , directly connected to the grid , and the hope is that the offshore wind turbines will provide just that .
New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine recently outlined an energy master plan which called for 1,000 megawatts of renewable energy by 2012 , and 3,000 by the year 2020 – 30 percent of the state ’s electricity needs .
He also set a course to upgrade energy infrastructure and boost spending on clean energy technologies and businesses to stimulate the economy and create jobs .
“ For every billion dollars we spend on infrastructure , we can put upwards of 20,000 people back to work , ” the Governor said .
Chris Wissemann , President of GSOE , pointed out some staggering numbers that the offshore project can produce .
Offshore wind can provide up to 70 % of the state ’s electricity needs , and an estimated 96 % of New Jersey ’s renewable energy potential by 2020 , he said .
He also pointed out the economic impact it would have on the state .
The wind farm is not scheduled to be operational until 2013 .
Among the other proposals discussed at the energy forum included plans for liquefied natural gas , solar power and tidal energy .
New Banking
Act comes into effect Banking minister Lord Myners has said banks were " foolish " to offer 100 % mortgages , after Gordon Brown called for " prudent and careful " lending .
Lord Myners said costly lessons had been learned worldwide " about reckless , feckless , witless lending " .
The Financial Services Authority is to consider controls on loans over 100 % .
The Tories said Mr Brown 's regulatory system had allowed 125 % deals .
The Lib Dems said the PM was " very belated " in calling for an end to 100 % mortgages .
Lord Myners said it was " generally recognised in the banking community " that 100 % mortgages had been " a foolish thing to do " .
" We need to create systems through enhanced governance , more accountability and appropriate regulatory intervention to ensure that excesses do not occur , " he told BBC One 's Politics Show .
The minister said there needed to be a return to " safe , secure , sober lending activities " .
" We have learned some very , very expensive lessons globally about reckless , feckless , witless lending by a small number of banks . "
We do want to see the reinvention of the traditional savings and mortgage bank in Britain
Prime Minister Gordon Brown Writing in the Observer , Mr Brown said the Financial Services Authority would be considering controls on mortgages of more than 100 % of a home 's value , and so - called high multiple mortgages offering loans of up to six times an applicant 's salary .
More caution in the mortgage market , he said , would reduce chances of a future property crash .
The prime minister added : " We do want to see the reinvention of the traditional savings and mortgage bank in Britain , for loans to be made on prudent and careful terms , not just to people with large deposits , but to those on middle and modest incomes who wish to buy their home but who have not been able to save a huge deposit . "
Shadow treasury chief secretary Philip Hammond accused the prime minister of " trying to shut the stable door on irresponsible lending long after the horse has bolted " .
" It was his regulatory system that failed to spot the boom and allowed 125 % mortgages from Northern Rock and HBOS , " he said .
Although he has extraordinary and perhaps unprecedented power over the banks , the prime minister 's programme of change for the banking system is strikingly conservative
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
See Robert Peston 's blog Liberal Democrat treasury spokesman Vince Cable said the call for an end to 100 % home loans was " a very belated recognition of the new reality " , and questioned whether there would be regulation on the issue .
He added : " Only last week the Liberal Democrats set out a proposal for Safestart mortgages as the new models for the industry , with 85 % mortgages and protection against negative equity . "
" I 'm glad to see Gordon Brown is catching up with us . "
' Servant '
Mr Brown indicated that discussions were continuing with the banks on the possibility of the government underwriting their so - called " toxic " assets to encourage them to resume lending .
" In order to get lending going , we must continue to develop agreements that remove the uncertainty arising from banks being unsure of their losses in return for improved lending conditions for families and businesses , " he wrote .
" We want to ensure that the new banking system that emerges over the coming years meets all these requirements - and becomes the servant of our economy and not the master . "
But he ruled out legislation to create a " rigid divide " between retail High Street banks , which offer standard deposit accounts and loans , and investment banks trading globally in complex financial instruments .
' Humbug ' Alex Brummer , City editor of the Daily Mail , told the BBC it was " humbug " for the prime minister to ask people now to forget those years of deregulation when bankers could " do what they wished " .
" He did nothing to put the brakes on - quite the opposite .
He claimed we were being very prudent but , of course , we were n't being very prudent and we have now had the consequences of that , " he said .
Mr Brummer argued it was " absolute madness " for Mr Brown to pretend Britain could " turn the clock back " .
" Banking has changed , the world has changed - finance moves much faster now and I think it is impossible now to go back to that era , " he added .
During his time as chancellor , the prime minister was openly critical of other European banking systems for their strict regulation and inflexibility .
Banking Act Britain , he said , was strong because of its light - touch regulatory environment , which encouraged investment and created jobs and wealth .
But BBC business correspondent Joe Lynam said the credit crunch and the ensuing financial crisis had changed Mr Brown 's attitude to banking .
The UK's new Banking Act came into force on Saturday , giving greater powers of intervention to the Bank of England .
The act enables the Bank to intervene more quickly to help troubled banks and protect investors .
It will be able to give hidden support to stricken banks , with the aim of maintaining financial stability .
However , critics of the act say it throws a cloak of secrecy around the banking world , which could be detrimental for consumers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Peter Russo and Brendan Wypich have found a way to combine the Ambient Orb , the EcoPedal , and the competitive utility bill into one amazing nudge .
As second year master ’s students in the Stanford Design Program , the two have designed what they are calling a SmartSwitch , which lets people know how much energy they are using , not through colors , but through tactile feedback .
It was recently named a semi-finalist in the Greener Gadgets Design Competition .
We asked the two to describe their technology in a guest post for the Nudge blog .
If you like the idea , you can vote for Smart Switch here .
Continue reading the post here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : environment , feedback
I Love Bees - Reordered by Webshift During the summer of 2004 , a viral marketing campaign for Halo 2 known as ' I Love Bees ' ignited a firestorm of interest both on and off the net , and the story that was told is still available for download from the original I Love Bees website .
In the late summer of 2005 , however , we received some modified sound files from Webshift - this is what he had to say about his contributions :
About a year ago , a large group of us were enthralled with the ilovebees phenomenon .
It was the first time I personally had heard about this type of thing and I absolutely loved the idea .
( Hell I submitted my cell phone number and activated some axons while I was on a business trip in DC ) .
So when all was said and done , I wanted to hear the story again ; from start to finish in a logical order .
What I have done is gone back thru all 12 chapters / weeks that you can find on ilovebees.com , and instead of having them play only one characters story at a time , I have taken the time to edit the files into one large chapter file that follows a logical order .
This way you do n't find out things too soon if you just listen to them off of the ilovebees.com site .
If you have n't listened to these files before I suggest you listen to these .
We 'll be releasing these files as bandwidth allows - so feel free to follow along !
Chapter 1 ( 23:33 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 9.4 mb | MP3 , 9.3 mb
Uploaded 24 September 2005
This is the first time we are introduced to the characters : Jan , Durga , Jersey , Kamal , and ( the old man ) Herzog .
Chapter 2 ( 23:01 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 9.2 mb | MP3 , 9.1 mb
Uploaded 25 September 2005 Jersey finds out just how much Durga knows about him and his family .
Jan gets recruited to be a witness to the stupid cop .
Kamal has a date with a man with a pony tail , and Herzog meets with an old friend over Key Lime pie .
Chapter 3 ( 21:50 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 8.7 mb | MP3 , 8.7 mb
Uploaded 26 September 2005 Jan gets in with the wrong crowd and meets Thin Kinkle .
Kamal learns that he can't cook .
Jersey has a date with an IRS agent , and Herzog talks about the Apocalypso .
Chapter 4 ( 29:13 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 11.7 mb | MP3 , 11.6 mb
Uploaded 26 September 2005
Jan sticks up for the wrong person , and is going to find out who the Big Dog is .
Adin and Kamal talk about business ventures .
Durga ' helps '
Jersey through is tax audit .
We meet Rani for the first time , and find out just how observant she is .
Herzog talks about how much the military knows ... or chooses to know .
Chapter 5 ( 23:34 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 9.4 mb | MP3 , 9.3 mb
Uploaded 27 September 2005 Jan meets
Gilley , and finds out more about her dad .
Kamal takes a ' job ' in a casino .
Jersey learns about the fall of Reach and where his father is .
Rani goes to her best friend 's wedding back home .
Herzog slips up while feeding ducks in the park .
Chapter 6 ( 24:54 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 9.9 mb | MP3 , 9.9 mb
Uploaded 27 September 2005
Jan reminisces about her childhood and about having to move so much .
Kamal gets a letter from his mother on Coral , and finds out about Sophie 's parents breaking up .
Jersey finds out about his mothers affair with another man .
Rani has someone commit suicide by jumping off her roof .
Herzog learns that some people are out for glory , not for saving man kind .
Chapter 7 ( 27:27 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 10.9 mb | MP3 , 10.9 mb
Uploaded 28 September 2005 Jan is held hostage by Thin Kinkle .
Kamal takes another crazy job idea with Adin , and learns something about his sister Yasmine .
Jersey starts to realize that Durga is spying on people she did n't even realize .
Rani gets hit on , while on the train back to Boston .
Herzog reassigns his aid to a deplomatic post .
Chapter 8 ( 27:45 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 11.1 mb | MP3 , 11 mb
Uploaded 28 September 2005 Jan attends her fathers funeral .
Kamal hears news that Coral is gone and he has not heard from his family .
Jersey talks to Jan at the funeral and explains what he knows about Thin Kinkle .
Rani goes back home to visit and finds her old house is under the duck pond .
Standish makes sure Herzog know he will kill anyone who gets in his way .
Chapter 9 ( 34:22 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 13.7 mb | MP3 , 13.7 mb
Uploaded 29 September 2005 Jan avenges her fathers death with Durga 's help .
Kamal goes off the grid to find out who has been ' ghosting ' his chatter .
Jersey finds out just how long smart AIs live .
Rani feels like her life is falling apart around her .
Rani tries to sneak in and find out more about the device , and gets caught .
Herzog motivates Rani to find out more information .
Chapter 10 ( 30:10 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 11.2 mb | MP3 , 11.2 mb
Uploaded 29 September 2005
Jan tries to join the military and gets rejected because of her age .
Kamal finds Jersey , and meets Durga as well .
Jersey comes up with a plan to get into the Section 3 part of Chawla base to get to the device .
Rani takes some convincing about why she should join the group and help out .
Herzog talks with a tech on the Apocalypso about the device , and learns how the device was turned on .
Chapter 11 ( 23:18 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 9.3 mb | MP3 , 9.2 mb
Uploaded 30 September 2005
The assault on Chawla base .
Chapter 12 ( 32:13 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 12.9 mb | MP3 , 12.8 mb
Uploaded 30 September 2005 Jan drives Kamal to the airport and meets up with some other 1.1's like herself .
Kamal gets home and learns he 's engaged .
Durga talks with Jersey about his draft notice .
Rani gets recruited for Section 0 .
They arrive ...
Afterword ( 2:07 ) - MP3 - encoded WAV , 0.9 mb | MP3 , 0.9 mb
Uploaded 30 September 2005 A goodbye from Melissa .
In Malaysia , a 36 - year - old odd - job worker was sentenced to death , and a 31 - year - old former college student had his death sentence appeal dismissed in two separate cannabis trafficking cases .
Odd-Job Worker Gets Death For Cannabis Trafficking
SEREMBAN : A 36 - year - old man was sentenced to death for trafficking 381.8 gm of cannabis at an industrial estate near here nearly five years ago .
Odd -job worker Mohd Azman Ahmad from Taman Bukti in Ampangan committed the offence at 6.30 pm at the Taman Tasek Jaya Industrial Park on April 12 , 2004 .
High Court judge Datuk Azhar Ma’ah said yesterday the prosecution had proven their case beyond reasonable doubt .
Mohd Azman was sitting in the front passenger seat of a car that had stopped near a workshop at the industrial estate .
Policemen who ambushed the vehicle found the drugs in a pouch worn by the accused and a plastic bag which was hidden under his left thigh .
To an argument by defence counsel R. Ledchumiah that the policeman who took the report at the Paroi station had stated that the seized drug was not cannabis but heroin , Azhar said the officer concerned made a mistake in the report .
“ The mistake was corrected later and this was also supported by a report from the Chemist Department , ” he said .
Ledchumiah said his client would appeal the decision .
– Article from The Star Online .
Ex-College Student Emotionless After Death Sentence Appeal Dismissed
A 31 - year - old former college student showed no emotion when the Federal Court dismissed his appeal against a death sentence imposed by the lower court for trafficking in drugs 10 years ago .
After the court reaffirmed the death sentence on Teng Howe Sing imposed by the Sibu High Court and reaffirmed by the Court of Appeal , Teng was seen conversing with his parents before he was whisked away to the prison .
“ We do not wish to disturb the findings of the lower court , ” Federal Court judge Datuk Zulkefli Ahmad Makinudin said in a written judgment today .
The High Court and the Court of Appeal had come to the same conclusion that Teng had knowledge of the drugs when he was caught by the police .
Zulkefli agreed that this was a case of actual possession and that Teng had failed to raise a reasonable doubt on the prosecution ’s case and rebut the presumption of trafficking .
Teng was charged with trafficking in 371.12 grammes of cannabis in front of WWW Chat Cafe , Jalan Kai Peng , Off Jalan Tuanku Osman in Sibu about 7.50 pm on March 17 , 1999 .
Teng and another man , identified as Moh Yong Ming , were arrested by police in an ambush .
They were seen coming down the staircase that led to the offices of Skynet Worldwide Courier Services on the second floor of a shophouse block , and were walking toward a motorcycle parked outside .
They ran away when the police shouted “ Polis , jangan lari ” .
Teng was seen throwing away a package , containing the drugs .
He and Moh , who turned a prosecution witness , were taken to the Sibu Central Police Station for investigation .
The police seized a Skynet Consignment Note , a wallet and a handphone from Teng .
He had collected the package from Skynet office by signing himself as Ling Hang Wei .
The package , from a person known as Ah Mui in Selangor written on the reverse side , was addressed to “ Jeffrey Wong , Sibu ” .
The chemist confirmed that the dried leaves inside the package were cannabis .
– Article from the New Straits Times .
Tom Cruise at L.A. Valkyrie Premiere , Katie Turns 30 in N.Y. ( Photos )
Last night was a big night for the Cruise family , except that they were spread across the US .
and the cast of Valkyrie were in L.A. for their premiere at the Directors Guild of America whilewas in NYC celebrating her birthday on Broadway .
Showing his true class and love for his wife Katie , Tom set up a surprise for Kate 's 30th birthday party and relied on John Lithgow to pull it off .
As the curtains came down after her performance in the Arthur Miller play All My Sons , Lithgow took the stage .
" Tom Cruise , our good friend , devoted fan to the show , doting husband of Katie , could not be here tonight .
He 's heartsick that he could n't be here ... but he wanted to make his presence felt .
So , he 's inviting all of you to celebrate Kate 's birthday . "
At that moment a five - tier birthday cake was wheeled onto stage and everyone sang happy birthday to Katie .
Daughterwas there to join in her mommy 's celebration .
Earlier in the day , mother and daughter visited nursery schools in NYC .
Son Connor Cruise had his own premiere for Seven Pounds , playing a younger version of Will Smith 's character .
More Valkyrie premiere photos below .
Photos : Wenn
" The United States is one of the few countries in the world where minors receive the same criminal punishments as adults , " the report said .
" It is the only country in the world that sentences children to life in prison without possibility of parole or release . "
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
David Aldous , January 2009 .
Preamble .
On a first reading I was unable to organize my thoughts well enough to compose a review .
Eighteen months later , motivated slightly by Taleb 's rise to celebrity guru status but more by hearing the young man behind the counter of my local cheese shop give his opinions of the book , I was inspired to actually finish a review .
There are of course other reviews by academics -- see e.g. the three American Statistician articles by Lund and Westfall - Hilbe and Brown , and Andrew Gelman 's blog -- but mine is aimed more at conceptual than technical issues .
Taleb , Nassim Nicholas .
The Black Swan :
The impact of the highly improbable .
Random House , 2007 .
A " Black Swan " is defined as an event characterized [ p. xviii ] by rarity , extreme impact , and retrospective ( though not prospective ) predictability , and Taleb 's thesis is that such events have much greater effect , in financial markets and the broader world of human affairs , than we usually suppose .
The book is challenging to review because it requires considerable effort to separate the content from the style .
The style is rambling and pugnacious -- well described by one reviewer as " with few exceptions , the writers and professionals Taleb describes are knaves or fools , mostly fools .
His writing is full of irrelevances , asides and colloquialisms , reading like the conversation of a raconteur rather than a tightly argued thesis . "
And clearly this is perfectly deliberate .
My own overall reaction is that Taleb is sensible ( going on prescient ) in his discussion of financial markets and in some of his general philosophical thought , but tends toward irrelevance or ridiculous exaggeration otherwise .
Let me run through some discussion topics , first 6 where I broadly agree with Taleb , then 6 where I broadly disagree , then 4 final thoughts .
( 1 ) [ p .
286 ]
The sterilized randomness of games does not resemble randomness in real life ; thinking it does constitutes the Ludic Fallacy ( his neologism ) .
This is exactly right , and mathematicians should pay attention .
In my own list of 100 instances of chance in the real world , exactly 1 item is " Explicit games of chance based on artifacts with physical symmetry -- exemplified by dice , roulette , lotteries , playing cards , etc " .
(2) Taleb is dismissive of prediction and models ( explicitly in finance and econometrics , and implicitly almost everywhere ) .
For instance , [ p .
138 ]
Why on earth do we predict so much ?
Worse , even , and more interesting : why do n't we talk about our record in predicting ?
Why do n't we see how we ( almost ) always miss the big events ?
I call this the scandal of prediction .
And [ p .
267 ]
In the absence of a feedback mechanism [ not making decisions on the basis of data ] you look at models and think they confirm reality .
He 's right ; people want forecasts in economics , and so economists give forecasts , even knowing they 're not particularly accurate .
Also , the culture of academic research in numerous disciplines encourages theoretical modeling which is never seriously compared with data .
(3) Taleb is scathing about stock prediction models based on Brownian motion ( Black - Scholes and variants ) and of the whole idea of measuring risk by standard deviation : [ p .
232 ]
You cannot use one single measure for randomness called standard deviation ( and call it " risk " ) ; you cannot expect a simple answer to characterize uncertainty .
And [ p. 278 ] if you read a mutual fund prospectus , or a description of a hedge fund 's exposure , odds are that it will supply you ....... with some quantitative summary claiming to measure " risk " .
That measure will be based on one of the above buzzwords [ sigma , variance , standard deviation , correlation , R square , Sharpe ratio ] derived from the bell curve and its kin ........
If there is a problem , they can claim that they relied on standard scientific method .
(4) Ask someone what happened in a movie they 've just watched ; their answer will not be just a list ( this happened ; then this happened ; then this happened .....) but will also give reasons ( he left town because he thought she did n't love him , ..... ) .
We habitually think about the past in this way -- events linked by causal explanations -- partly to make it easier to remember .
As Taleb writes [ p 73 ] narrativity causes us to see past events as more predictable , more expected , and less random than they actually were .... .
This Narrative Fallacy observation is well worth keeping in mind , when seeking to use the past to predict the future .
(5) Chapter 3 introduces neologisms Mediocristan and Extremistan for settings where ( in technical statistics terms ) outcomes do [ do not ] have finite variance .
His writing is lively and memorable , and his examples are apposite , so that it would make a useful reading accompaniment to a technical statistics course ( though as indicated below I disagree with his interpretation of the relative significance of the two categories ) .
(6) Given that Taleb 's thesis is already well expressed by the bumpersticker " Expect the unexpected " , what more is there to say ?
Well , actually he makes several memorable points , such as his summary [ p. 50 ] of themes related to Black Swans :
(a) We focus on preselected segments of the seen and generalize from it to the unseen : the error of confirmation .
( b) We fool ourselves with stories that cater to our Platonic thirst for distinct patterns : the narrative fallacy .
( c) We behave as if the Black Swan does not exist ; human nature is not programmed for Black Swans .
(d) What we see is not necessarily all that is there .
History hides Black Swans from us [ if they did n't happen ] and gives a mistaken idea about the odds of these events : this is the distortion of silent evidence .
(e) We " tunnel " : that is , we focus on a few well - defined sources of uncertainty , on too specific a list of Black Swans ( at the expense of others that do not come so readily to mind ) .
And here is his investment strategy [ p. 295-6 ] .
Half the time I am hyperconservative in the conduct of my own [ financial ] affairs ; the other half I am hyperaggressive .
This may not seem exceptional , except that my conservatism applies to what others call risk - taking , and my aggressiveness to areas where others recommend caution .
I worry less about small failures , more about large , potentially terminal ones .
I worry far more about the ``promising " stock market , particularly the " safe " blue chip stocks , than I do about speculative ventures -- the former present invisible risks , the latter offer no surprises since you know how volatile they are and can limit your downside by investing smaller amounts .......
In the end this is a trivial decision making rule : I am very aggressive when I can gain exposure to positive Black Swans -- when a failure would be of small moment -- and very conservative when I am under threat from a negative Black Swan .
I am very aggressive when an error in a model can benefit me , and paranoid when an error can hurt .
This may not be too interesting except that it is exactly what other people do not do .
In finance , for instance , people use flimsy theories to manage their risks and put wild ideas under " rational " scrutiny .
Maybe not easy for you or me to emulate , but surely conceptually useful for us to keep in mind .
Criticisms
Extremistan is sometimes dramatic ; Mediocristan is never dramatic .
But this has no necessary connection with quantitative impact .
Our minds focus on variability .
Extremistan is , by definition , more variable than Mediocristan , so it attracts relatively more of our attention .
But this has no necessary connection with quantitative impact .
(8) In other words the whole Extremistan metaphor , suggesting a country in which everything is ruled by power laws , is misleading .
A better metaphor is an agora , a marketplace , which is a useful component of a city but is surrounded by other components with different roles .
This provides a segue to a quotable proclamation of my own .
Financial markets differ from casinos in many ways , but they are almost equally unrepresentative of the operation of chance in other aspects of the real world .
Thinking otherwise is the Agoran fallacy .
Most of the differences in life experience from one generation to the next are the cumulative results of slow changes which do not have much impact on a typical individual and therefore which we do n't pay much attention to .
Of course in the long term the nature , time of origination and duration of slow trends is unpredictable -- but it is this , not Black Swans , which actually constitute long - term unpredictability .
(9) The word prediction has a range of meaning .
Stating " Microsoft stock will rise about 20 % next year " is a deterministic prediction , whereas stating your opinion about the stock 's performance as a probability distribution is a statistical prediction .
Any attempt by a reader to make more precise sense of Taleb 's rhetoric about prediction requires the reader to keep firmly in mind which meaning is under discussion , since Taleb is n't careful to do so .
For instance , Taleb discusses [ p. 150 ] data that security analysts predictions are useless , as if this were a novel insight of his .
But in this setting he is talking about deterministic prediction , and he is just repeating a central tenet of 30 years of academic theory ( the efficient market hypothesis and all that ) , not to mention the classic best - seller " A Random Walk Down Wall Street " .
On the other hand , the standard mathematical theory of finance starts with some statistical assumption -- that prices will move like Brownian motion or some variant .
Taleb 's criticisms of this theory -- that it ignores Black Swans , and that future probabilities are intrinsically impossible to assess well -- have considerable validity but he does n't make sufficiently clear the distinction between this and traditional stockbroker advice ,
( 10 ) A book on ( say ) the impact of Empires on human history might be expected to contain an explicit list of entities the author considered as Empires ; that way , a reader could analyze any asserted generality about empires by pondering whether it applied to at least most empires on the list .
Similarly , one might expect this book to contain some explicit list of past events the author considered Black Swans ( here I am thinking of unique Black Swans , not Gray Swans ) .
But it does n't ; various instances are certainly mentioned , but mostly via asides and anecdotes .
If you read the book and extracted the mentioned instances , and then read it again to see how much of the material was directly relevant to most of the listed Black Swans , then it would be a very small proportion .
In other words , the summary ( 6 ) of Taleb 's views is interesting , but instead of expanding the summary to more concrete and detailed analysis , the book rambles around scattered philosophical thoughts .
( 11 ) The style of Taleb 's philosophizing can been seen in the table [ p.
284 ] " Skeptical Empiricism vs Platonism " , where he writes a column of ideas that he explicitly identifies with , and contrasts with another column that no - one would explicitly identify with .
This is straw man rhetoric .
Indeed much of the book is rhetoric about empiricism , with a remarkable lack of actual empiricism , i.e. rational argument from data .
( 12 ) This love of rhetoric causes Taleb to largely ignore what I would consider interesting philosophical questions related to Black Swans .
Here are two such .
There are a gazillion things we might think about during a day , but ( unlike a computer rebooting ) we do n't wake up , run through the gazillion , and consciously choose which to actually think about .
For obvious reasons , in everyday life this issue
what comes to one 's conscious attention as matters one might want to think about ?
Second , it is easy to cite , say , [ p. xviii ] the precipitous demise of the Soviet bloc as having been unpredictable , but what does this mean ?
If you had asked an expert in 1985 what might happen to the USSR over the next 10 years -- " give me a range of possibilities and a probability for each " -- then they would surely have included something like " peaceful breakup into constituent republics " and assigned it some small probability .
What does it mean to say such a prediction is right or wrong ?
In 2008 , the day before John McCain was scheduled to announce his VP choice , the Intrade prediction market gave Sarah Palin a 4 % chance .
Was this right or wrong ?
Unlikely events will sometimes happen just by chance .
Taleb's whole thesis is that experts and markets do not assess small probabilities correctly , but he supports it with anecdote and rhetoric , not with data and analysis .
Four final thoughts
( 14 ) Taleb often seems to imagine that the views he disagrees with come from some hypothetical FINANCIAL MATH 101 course , though in one case it was an actual course : [ p 278 ]
It seemed better to teach [ MBA students at Wharton ] a theory based on the Gaussian than to teach them no theory at all .
It is easy to criticise introductory courses in any subject as concentrating on some oversimplified but easy - to - explain theory which is not so relevant to reality ( e.g. many introductory statistics courses exaggerate the relevance and scope of tests of significance ; physics courses say more about gravity than about friction ) .
It is much harder to rewrite such a course to make it more realistic without degenerating into vague qualitative assertions or scattered facts .
( 15 ) I am always puzzled that writers on financial mathematics ( Taleb included ) tend to ignore what strikes me as the most important insight that mathematics provides .
Common sense and standard advice correctly emphasize a trade - off between short term risk and long term reward , but implicitly suggest this spectrum goes on forever .
But it does n't .
At least , if one could predict probabilities accurately , there is a " Kelly strategy " which optimizes long - term return while carrying a very specific ( high but not infinite ) level of short term risk , given by the remarkable formula
with chance 50 % [ or 25 % or 10 % ] your portfolio value will sometime drop below 50 % [ or 25 % or 10 % ] of its initial value .
( 16 ) My own investment philosophy , as someone who devotes 3 hours a year to his investments , is
The Idiots at HIP December 2 , 2008
New York , N.Y .
Because I 'm self - employed , I pay for my own health insurance and I get it through an HMO called HIP , also known as HIP Health Plan of New York , an EmblemHealth company .
My current monthly premium is $ 568.55 , which I understand from my self - employed friends is not too bad .
But yesterday evening I opened a letter from Charles Mellia , Managing Director of Customer Service , informing me that my new monthly rate effective January 1 , 2009 will be ( deep breath ) $ 1,453.04 , representing an increase of over 150 % .
Naturally this threw me into a state of total anguish .
I quickly calculated that next year I would have to come up with more than $ 10,000 of additional income to pay for this rate increase .
No , no !
More than that !
Because I 'm not an incorporated business , I can't deduct my health insurance from my federal , state , and city income tax calculations , so the additional income I 'll need is actually closer to $ 15,000 .
And with this anguish came more anguish : Anguish over my plummetting income , anguish over book sales that plateau at 4,000 copies , anguish over my inability to get a decent book contract , anguish over my inability to get other work , etc , etc .
Everything just piled up on top of everything else .
It was n't a pleasant evening .
Deirdre was at a class , and I could n't talk to anybody at HIP because it was after hours and nobody was there .
Eventually I calmed down .
I knew from past experience that the people at HIP are not too good with numbers , and they 've done idiotic things in the past .
A few years ago I changed my premium billing from semi-annually to monthly , and of course they screwed that up , and I had to spend some time on the phone walking them through the calculation .
Moreover , my years working at New York Life Insurance Company , mostly in Individual Health Insurance product development , resulted in my becoming very familiar with the New York State Insurance Department .
I even took a business trip to the department in Albany one year .
I knew they would never approve a rate increase of 150 % .
I also did some Google searches for people expressing outrage that HIP had increased their premiums 150 % , and I could n't find anything .
I became more convinced than ever this letter was just some typical stupid idiotic mistake .
This morning I called HIP again , and I was promptly connected to a " representative , " and when I expressed my surprise at getting a rate increase of 150 % I was assured that it was indeed correct and the increase was necessary because " we 're in a recession . "
( Interesting that the letters were sent out before the official pronouncement of the recession . )
By this time , however , I was so convinced the letter was wrong , I wondered if my " representative " really understood what 150 % meant .
Lots of people — not just HIP employees — do n't understand percentages , so I started quoting the actual numbers : $ 568.55 this year and up to $ 1,453.04 next year .
" That 's almost $ 900 more per month , " I said , and finally he excused himself and I was on hold for ten minutes .
When he returned , he acknowledged that " those letters had gone out by mistake . "
My actual monthly premium next year would be $ 653.83 , an increase of only 15 % .
The idiots at HIP are supposed to be in the health care business , but how is receiving a notice of a premium increase of 150 % good for my health ?
I lost several hours of my life in anguish over this thing , more time this morning on the telephone , and more time writing this blog entry to get the whole thing out of my system .
I emerged comparatively unscathed but I can easily imagine people reading such a letter from Charles Mellia , Managing Director of Customer Service , and keeling over on the spot .
Their death certificates would probably indicate " heart attack " but that would n't be the real cause of death , would it ?
New York
Nouriel Roubini is always dressed in black - and - white .
I have known him for nearly two years , and have seen him in a variety of situations -- en route to class at New York University 's Stern Business School , where he 's a professor ; over a glass of wine in his boyish loft in Manhattan 's Tribeca ; at an academic conference , seated sagely ...
A high ranking member of the US House Intelligence Committee used the Twitter mobile blogging service to reveal his " secret " congressional visit to Iraq .
>>
See photos :
Who 's number one in our Power Twitter Top Ten ?
Representative Peter Hoekstra tweeted his arrival in Baghdad via his Blackberry with the post : " Just landed in Baghdad .
I believe it may be first time I 've had bb [ BlackBerry ] service in Iraq .
11th trip here . "
Hoekstra 's trip was supposed to have been kept secret .
US media outlets , such as the Congressional Quarterly , that knew of the trip had agreed to keep information under wraps until the party left Iraq .
Hoekstra had announced the trip in advance though via his Twitter page , and continued to post details about the party 's itinerary every few hours , until the morning of Friday 6 February .
His last post read : " Moved into green zone by helicopter Iraqi flag now over palace .
Headed to new US embassy .
Appears calmer less chaotic than previous here [ sic ] . "
It not known whether Iraqi insurgents are big fans of Twitter , but if any of them are , they would no doubt be interested in the progress of a US House Intelligence Committee .
" This is a serious security blunder by the US government .
The Republican congressman is not only putting himself at risk with his careless Twittering , but also the people tasked with protecting him , " said Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at security firm Sophos .
" Although these sites are evolving into great networking tools , security and common sense is crucial : even more so when you are a high - ranking government official . "
David Gerrold , famous for writing the " Trouble with Tribbles " Star Trek episode , also wrote an episode that included gay characters - but it was shot down by Paramount .
Now you can watch it online .
Advertisement
To make the episode , Gerrold teamed up with the fan crew behind Star Trek : Phase II , a web series that 's intended to be the fourth season of the original series .
He dusted off his gay - themed script , called " Blood and Fire , " and also directed it .
Originally , " Blood and Fire " was written for Star Trek : TNG , and approved by series creator Gene Roddenberry , but executives at the network balked .
Gerrold says they told him they were worried they 'd lose their advertisers because " mommies " would call in to complain that they 'd seen gay people on Star Trek .
For the webisode , Gerrold re-wrote the script to bring it up to date with issues like gay marriage , and also to make the characters more openly gay .
In the original , they were portrayed as friends - the only hint that they were gay was one character asking them how long they 'd been together .
In the new version , as you can see in the clip below , there 's no question that they 're lovers .
Advertisement
The episode is about the Enterprise responding to a distress call , and dealing with scary " bloodworms . "
It introduces a new character , Peter Kirk , the gay nephew of the captain .
According to AfterElton 's Brent Hartinger , who has seen the full episode :
There 's tension between Peter and his famous uncle , who is determined to keep him out of harm 's way , even if it means treating him differently than the other crewmembers .
Eventually , Peter reveals the real reason he requested a stint on the Enterprise : to be near his boyfriend , Alex Freeman ( Evan Fowler ) .
When the couple make plans to marry , Kirk agrees to officiate , but only " after the away mission " - which may or may not bode well for the future of this relationship . . .
The portrayal of Peter and Alex 's romantic relationship is treated no differently than any of the dozens of heterosexual relationships the various Star Trek incarnations have included over the decades .
Indeed , the storyline is incorporated so naturally as to make the " official "
Trek 's inexcusable lack of gay characters even more obvious .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The first half of " Blood and Fire " goes online this Saturday on the Star Trek : Phase II website .
The second half airs in February .
You can see more images and a longer clip at AfterElton .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The U.S. military in Iraq falls under Iraqi authority on Thursday for the first time since the U.S. - led invasion ousted Saddam Hussein in 2003 , a milestone in the war - weary country ’s path to restoring sovereignty .
U.S. soldiers wait before going out on a mission under the " Crossed - Sabers " -- a towering 160 - tonne , bronze monument of two crossed swords held in Saddam 's hands , at the fortified Green Zone in Baghdad December 7 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Erik de Castro
The U.S. force in Iraq , now more than 140,000 strong , has operated since 2003 under a U.N. Security Council resolution which expired at midnight on New Year ’s Eve .
Starting January 1 , troops will operate under the authority of the Iraqi government , according to a pact signed earlier this year by Washington and Baghdad .
The pact gives U.S. troops three years to leave Iraq , revokes their power to detain Iraqis without an Iraqi warrant , and subjects contractors and , in some cases , U.S. troops to Iraqi law .
The new , tough terms of the U.S. presence here were secured by an increasingly confident Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , emboldened by a maturing democracy , military victories against Shi’ite militias and progress against al Qaeda militants .
U.S. and Iraqi officials hold a ceremony on Thursday morning to formally hand over control of the Green Zone , the heavily fortified Baghdad compound from which the United States governed Iraq directly for more than a year after the invasion .
“ The role of the coalition forces ( in the Green Zone ) will be secondary , centered on training Baghdad brigade troops to use equipment to detect explosives and advising Iraqi forces , ” Qassim Moussawi , spokesman of Iraqi forces in Baghdad , said .
Iraqi forces take over control of the heart of U.S. power in Iraq as U.S. forces across the country prepare to operate in new concert with local troops .
While U.S. soldiers remain under U.S. command , U.S. military operations are to be authorized starting Thursday by a joint U.S. - Iraqi committee .
In Baghdad , Iraq plans also to end the lucrative contracts the United States has awarded to private security contractors to guard the Green Zone , which Moussawi said would be terminated in September 2009 .
From then on , Iraqis alone would secure the symbolic seat of Iraq ’s political power .
On Wednesday , U.S. officials finished vacating Saddam Hussein ’s vast palace that was the seat of U.S. power in Iraq .
VIOLENCE DOWN
Iraqi forces take over a dramatically different Iraq from the one ravaged by sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 .
Attacks have dropped sharply , thanks partly to a troop surge ordered by President George W. Bush in 2007 and also to newfound cooperation from Sunni Arab tribal leaders .
But many Iraqis still resent what they see as a military occupation .
They have bitter memories of abuses such as Abu Ghraib , the prison where images of U.S. soldiers tormenting and sexually humiliating prisoners in 2004 made world headlines .
They are also hungry for basic services , jobs , and lasting peace .
Majid Mola , an engineer , dismissed as meaningless the handover billed by Maliki ’s government as a major victory .
“ Where are the government services ?
Where is the electricity ?
People want practical things , ” he said .
In what could become one of the most enduring images of the U.S. military adventure , Iraqi journalist Muntazer al - Zaidi won applause across the Middle East when he threw his shoes at Bush and called him a “ dog ” at a recent news conference with Maliki .
His trial for assaulting a head of state is still pending .
Under the bilateral pact which took effect at midnight , U.S. combat forces are supposed to withdraw from Iraqi towns and cities by mid-2009 and all troops must leave by the end of 2011 .
But troops may stay on longer in a support role for Iraqi forces , which have grown exponentially since 2003 .
While they are seen as far more skilled as they were , even senior Iraqi officials say they still need U.S. help to root out militants .
Some 15,000 prisoners held at vast U.S. military detention camps must now be charged with crimes under Iraqi law or , according to the security pact , gradually let go .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi wants an investigation into whether the Bush administration broke the law when it fired a group of federal prosecutors .
She said that what she calls the politicizing of the Justice Department cannot go unreviewed .
Mrs. Pelosi made the comment today on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
House Democrats last week recommended a criminal investigation to see whether administration officials broke the law in the name of national security .
The report cited the interrogation of foreign detainees , warrantless wiretaps , retribution against critics , manipulation of intelligence and the fired prosecutors .
President - elect Barack Obama has been more cautious .
He has said he believes there is a need to look forward as opposed to looking backward .
Mrs. Pelosi also said she wants Congress to consider repealing President Bush ’s tax cuts well before they expire in 2010 , in contrast to what Mr. Obama is proposing .
In the Sunday interview , Mrs. Pelosi said , “ I do n’t want them to wait two years to expire because they have to prove their worth to me . ”
In a separate interview Sunday , on “ Meet the Press , ” Mr. Obama ’s chief of staff said that Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich did not ask for anything improper in their discussions about Mr. Obama ’s Senate successor .
Aide Rahm Emanuel said he talked with Mr. Blagojevich and the governor ’s ex-chief of staff about the type of person who should replace Mr. Obama .
But Mr. Emanuel said he never got the impression that Mr. Blagojevich wanted anything improper in return for naming a replacement .
The Illinois House impeached Mr. Blagojevich last week .
Federal authorities have accused Mr. Blagojevich of scheming to benefit by selling Mr. Obama ’s old Senate seat to the highest bidder .
Another top aide to Mr. Obama said the new administration is determined to “ put the brakes on the most serious economic downturn ” in years .
But David Axelrod , who will join Mr. Obama ’s White House after serving as a key campaign adviser , said Sunday that “ even if we move rapidly , it ’ll take a little while . ”
He also said that Obama wants to pursue whatever strategy necessary to avert double - digit unemployment across America .
The nation ’s unemployment rate shot up to 7.2 percent in December , the highest in 16 years .
Appearing on ABC ’s “ This Week , ” Mr. Axelrod said the new administration will try to guide its policies with “ a combination of optimism and realism . ”
He said officials believe that it will take years , not months , to turn the economy around .
Mr. Axelrod also said the public should have confidence in Mr. Obama ’s pick for Treasury secretary despite his tax problems .
He said Timothy Geithner made a common mistake in not paying his self - employment taxes for money he earned from 2001 to 2004 while working for the International Monetary Fund .
Mr. Axelrod said that accountants say this is a fairly common mistake .
He also said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” that when Americans get to know Mr. Geithner , they will have the same confidence in him as the finance community does .
Mr. Geithner paid some of the taxes in 2006 , after an Internal Revenue Service audit .
Days before Mr. Obama tapped him for Treasury , Mr. Geithner paid back most of the taxes .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. government waded deeper into the bailout of one of the nation 's largest banks Friday when it announced a deal that will give it control over as much as 36 % of Citigroup 's common stock .
Citigroup shares plunged about a third in midday trading on the news .
The deal will convert preferred shares that the Treasury Department already holds in Citigroup for common shares , a shift that is designed to improve the embattled bank 's capital base , which in turn will hopefully allow it to increase its lending .
The U.S. government has already given Citigroup $ 45 billion in capital , for which it received preferred shares and warrants in the company .
The new deal Friday did not give the bank any additional taxpayer dollars .
But the government is taking on a greater risk by assuming more volatile common shares .
The market price is well below the $ 3.25 per-share conversion price the government is paying .
Taxpayers will also lose roughly $ 2 billion in dividends , because the preferred shares they are giving up paid 8 % dividends .
Citi suspended its common stock dividend as part of the agreement .
The Treasury is trying to prop - up one of the nation 's largest banks as a key part of its efforts of fixing the battered banking system .
For Citigroup , the conversion is important because it increases the bank 's tangible common equity , making an improvement in the bank 's troubled balance sheet .
Terms of the deal
In the deal , Treasury will convert up to $ 25 billion of preferred shares , matching dollars that Citigroup is able to bring in from other investors , such as sovereign wealth funds .
It will virtually force those other preferred share investors to convert to common shares by eliminating most preferred dividends as well , although the government will continue to get an 8 % dividend on the $ 20 billion in preferred shares it is not converting .
Friday 's move could very well be the first of similar actions taken by the federal government going forward .
The Treasury Department said in its rescue plan , unveiled this week , that any major bank that comes up short in the so - called " stress tests " now being conducted will be required to raise more capital , and that may be accomplished by converting the preferred shares that Treasury now holds in each of the institutions .
The $ 20 billion of preferred shares Treasury will have left in Citi could also be converted if Treasury determines more assistance is needed , although company officials argued Friday this move puts it in the strongest capital and tangible common equity position among major banks .
But the move will reduce the stake that existing shareholders hold in the bank to as little as 26 % .
New common share investors , including other current preferred shareholders now expected to convert their shares to common , will own the remaining stake -- which could be as much as 38 % .
Shares of Citigroup , a component of the Dow Jones industrial average , have plunged about 90 % in the past year even before Friday 's slide .
Still , the bank hopes that the move will eventually help rebuild its battered share price .
In a call with investors , Citi Chief Executive Vikram Pandit said the decision was difficult because of what it would do to current investors , but that the bank had little choice .
" In the end , our business is about confidence , " he said .
" We wanted to take definitive steps to put all capital issues aside . "
Analysts questioned Pandit as to who would be calling shots at the bank going forward .
" Will Citigroup be run for the shareholders , or is Citigroup going to be run for public policy goals or some other purpose ? " asked Michael Mayo of Deutsche Bank .
Pandit insisted that Citi management would continue to be in charge -- not the government or regulators -- and that decisions would be made to maximize profits and shareholder return , rather than public policy agenda .
" For those people who have a concern about nationalization , this should put those concerns to rest , " Pandit said .
" We 're going to run Citi for the shareholders . "
Many industry observers have argued that a 36 % government stake is the equivalent of nationalizing Citigroup .
" This begs the question of nationalization , " said Sen . Richard Shelby , the ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , at a hearing this week , as discussions of this kind of government stock swap swirled around both Wall Street and Washington .
" If you had 40 % working control , you would n't own it , but you 'd own working control . "
Ned Kelly , head of global banking for Citigroup , disputed that view in an interview Friday after the announcement .
" The term of nationalization covers a multitude of sins , " he said .
" But the common equity has not been wiped out .
There is no change in management .
There are no operational restrictions . "
Under the deal , a majority of Citigroup 's independent directors will be replaced .
Pandit and Chairman Richard Parsons will retain their positions .
Pandit tried to ensure investors that the deal is being structured in a way that allows it to retain its current stakes in foreign banks , such as Grupo Financiero Banamex , the No. 2 bank in Mexico .
Some countries , such as Mexico , prohibit ownership of banks by companies controlled by foreign governments .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. considers a bank to be critically undercapitalized if the tangible equity - to - asset ratio is 2 % or less .
Citi's ratio hovers around 1.5 % now .
Citigroup said it believed that ratio will rise to more than 4 % as as result of Friday 's moves .
Citi said in its statement that the agreement could increase the tangible common equity of the company from the fourth - quarter level of $ 29.7 billion to as much as $ 81 billion .
At the same time , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) announced a pretax $ 9.6 billion charge in the recently completed fourth quarter , resulting in a roughly 50 % increase in its 2008 loss .
The charge was to write down the value of the goodwill carried on its balance sheet for some key business units .
It came to $ 8.7 billion on an after - tax basis .
The company said that will result in a full - year loss of $ 27.7 billion , up from the previously reported $ 18.7 billion .
Corporate goodwill is the value of a company operation carried on balance sheet beyond what can be attributed to its strict financial operations , placing a value on such intangible items as the company 's name , reputation and its customer relations .
The charge will not result in any cash drain for the company or reduce its tangible common equity .
It is an accounting procedure that wipes out the goodwill of Citigroup 's consumer banking operations in North America , Latin America and other key overseas markets .
When Citi announced its fourth - quarter results last month , it said it was continuing to review its goodwill to determine whether an impairment had occurred .
Citi's Kelly said the charge announced Friday is simply an accounting procedure required by the sharp loss in market value of the company 's stock , not by damage to its brand caused by the drumbeat of bad news over the last year .
" We do not think it 's been permanently damaged .
We still have a very strong brand globally , " he said .
" Clearly when you 're in the spotlight , there 's going to be some negative impact .
But it 's had no economic impact . "
Human actions are increasing the rate of evolutionary change in plants and animals in ways that may hurt their long - term prospects for survival , scientists are reporting .
Hunting , commercial fishing and some conservation regulations , like minimum size limits on fish , may all work against species health .
The idea that target species evolve in response to predation is not new .
For example , researchers reported several years ago that after decades of heavy fishing , Atlantic cod had evolved to reproduce at younger ages and smaller sizes .
The new findings are more sweeping .
Based on an analysis of earlier studies of 29 species  mostly fish , but also a few animals and plants like bighorn sheep and ginseng  researchers from several Canadian and American universities found that rates of evolutionary change were three times higher in species subject to “ harvest selection ” than in other species .
Writing in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , the researchers say the data they analyzed suggested that size at reproductive maturity in the species under pressure had shrunk in 30 years or so by 20 percent , and that organisms were reaching reproductive age about 25 percent sooner .
REVIEWED BY W. JAMES ANTLE III
As the financial crisis deepens , wiping out jobs and propelling families ’ savings down the memory hole , so does the sense in Washington that the political class must Do Something .
At the behest of former President George W. Bush , that “ something ” took the form of a $ 700 billion federal bailout of Wall Street .
President Obama is following up with a fiscal stimulus plan that could end up costing more than $ 1 trillion .
That ’s definitely something .
But in his new book , “ Meltdown , ” Ludwig von Mises Institute senior fellow Thomas E. Woods Jr. contends that this flurry of action — and massive unfunded federal spending — is no solution to the country ’s economic woes .
Instead , it is analogous to an alcoholic curing his hangover by quaffing a case of beer in the morning or a doctor bleeding the patient to death in order to save him .
In Mr. Woods ’ telling , a roaring ocean of debt fed by tributaries of reckless spending and loose monetary policy is what flooded out the American economy in the first place .
This flies in the face of the conventional wisdom that the real culprit is corporate greed unshackled by deregulation , a laissez - faire economy gone wild .
For a mess that was supposed to be made by the invisible hand , it sure has the federal government ’s fingerprints all over it .
Mr. Woods discusses how government - sponsored enterprises such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the Clinton administration ’s aggressive enforcement of the Community Reinvestment Act ( CRA ) loosened lending requirements , especially for socioeconomically disadvantaged but politically favored groups .
Despite all the talk of parasitic lenders who dishonestly forced subprime mortgages on uninformed or unfortunate borrowers , under Presidents Clinton and Bush the government pushed for increased lending to the uncreditworthy in order to expand low - income homeownership .
So did outside activist pressure groups such as ACORN .
Mr. Woods writes , “ [ T ] he same cavalier approach to risk assessment that informed the CRA pervaded the whole mortgage - lending arena . ”
Plenty of conservatives have criticized Fannie , Freddie and the CRA in the attempt to push back against the Newer Deals and Greater Societies liberals advocate in the name of economic stimulus .
Mr. Woods goes much further , blaming not just affirmative - action - loving bureaucrats , lax lenders and boneheaded borrowers :
The real villain in “ Meltdown ” is the Federal Reserve .
And why not ?
Despite the reputation for hypercompetence Alan Greenspan ’s minions acquired during the Internet boom of the 1990s , the Federal Reserve has been at the helm of some of the greatest economic disasters in American history : the Great Depression ; the stagflation of the 1970s and , Mr. Woods contends , the current crisis .
Through artificially low interest rates and the excessive creation of credit , the Federal Reserve encourages risky investments and bad decision - making on a massive scale .
For a while , the investments encouraged by the Fed ’s out - of - control printing press create a boom , like the housing bubble or the rise of the dot - coms .
Companies expand , jobs are created , and the good times roll .
Eventually , however , “ The necessary resources to complete all these projects profitably do not exist , ” Mr. Woods writes .
More “ McMansions ” are built than homebuyers can afford ; the stocks of companies with price - to - earning ratios of zero come tumbling down .
The bubble bursts , the questionable businesses fail , and the boom becomes a bust .
Nobody wants to hear this , of course .
So policymakers immediately return , once more with feeling , to their spending , borrowing and credit creation in a desperate attempt to re-create the boom or at least forestall the bust .
Mr. Woods is persuasive that doing so only guarantees a worse day of reckoning down the road , like having a 15th glass of whiskey rather than calling it a night .
But Mr. Woods ’ prescriptions — stop the bailouts , cut spending , resolve that no business is too big to fail , let the market make its own painful adjustments — are ones that no politician would embrace .
Well , no politician except for Rep. Ron Paul , the Texas Republican who wrote the book ’s foreword .
At times , Mr. Woods is too self - conscious about converting readers to Austrian economics , citing the works of Mises and Murray Rothbard as if they are sacred texts .
It ’s the book ’s biggest flaw .
“ Meltdown ” already challenges readers to embrace fairly radical notions about the New Deal , the Federal Reserve and the government ’s role in the economy .
It should read less like it is asking them to try a new religion too .
• W. James Antle III is associate editor of the American Spectator .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
WEEKEND OF HORRORS
Official 30th Anniversary FANGORIA Tour MARCH 6 - 8 , 2009
Chicago , IL
Wyndham Chicago O'Hare
6810 North Mannheim Road
Rosemont , IL
GEORGE A. ROMERO
Director : NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , DAWN OF THE DEAD , DAY OF THE DEAD , LAND OF THE DEAD , CREEPSHOW , MARTIN , KNIGHTRIDERS and THE DARK HALF will have the first news and footage from his latest zombie flick , a DIARY OF THE DEAD sequel
DOUG BRADLEY
HELLRAISER ’s Pinhead , NIGHTBREED , PUMPKINHEAD : ASHES TO ASHES , PROPHECY : THE UPRISING , THE COTTAGE and new Clive Barker film BOOK OF BLOOD
TOBE HOOPER
Director : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORROR .
HERSCHELL GORDON LEWIS
Godfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a special low - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required )
MASTERS OF ITALIAN HORROR PANEL
With Ruggero Deodato ( CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST , CUT AND RUN , HOUSE ON THE EDGE OF THE PARK ) , Lamberto Bava ( DEMONS 1 - 2 , GHOST SON , MACABRO ) and FX artist / director Sergio Stivaletti ( WAX MASK , DELLAMORTE DELLAMORE , MOTHER OF TEARS )
TOM SAVINI
Makeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
MARILYN BURNS
Actress : EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATION
CAROLINE WILLIAMS
Actress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHER
RAINE BROWN
Cult actress from BARRICADE , AUNT ROSE , ANGEL’S BLADE : ASCENSION , 100 TEARS , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room )
JOE ZASO
Tough guy actor from BARRICADE , ANGEL’S BLADE , 5 DEAD ON THE CRIMSON CANVAS , RED MIDNIGHT , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room )
Plus advance previews and / or guests from such films as THE WOLF MAN , CASE 39 , DRAG ME TO HELL , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK , SCAR and many more !
APRIL 17 - 19 , 2009
Los Angeles , CA
LA Convention Center
1201 South Figueroa
Los Angeles , CA
CLIVE BARKER
Creator : HELLRAISER , CANDYMAN , NIGHTBREED , MIDNIGHT MEAT TRAIN and LORD OF ILLUSIONS ; novels : WEAVEWORLD , THE GREAT AND SECRET SHOW , IMAJICA , ABARAT and MISTER B. GONE ; latest movies : DREAD and BOOK OF BLOOD
TOBE HOOPER
Director : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORROR
TOBIN BELL
In his first - ever Fango con appearance , Bell will discuss his enduring legacy as the SAW movies ’ maniacal John Kramer , as well as his roles in such films and TV shows as BOOGEYMAN 2 , BURIED ALIVE , THE X FILES , REVELATIONS , 24 and the upcoming FANGORIA Film , BUMP .
MASTERS OF ITALIAN HORROR PANEL
With Ruggero Deodato ( CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST , CUT AND RUN , HOUSE ON THE EDGE OF THE PARK ) , Lamberto Bava ( DEMONS 1 - 2 , GHOST SON , MACABRO ) and FX artist / director Sergio Stivaletti ( WAX MASK , DELLAMORTE DELLAMORE , MOTHER OF TEARS )
HERSCHELL GORDON LEWIS
Godfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a speciallow - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required )
TOM SAVINI
Makeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
MARILYN BURNS
Actress : EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATION
CAROLINE WILLIAMS
Actress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHER 2
ADAM GREEN
Director : HATCHET ; co-director SPIRAL ; producer : new GRACE
PAUL SOLET
Director : new GRACE , FANGORIA BLOOD DRIVE
CRAIG SPECTOR
Screenwriter / Splatterpunk author of ANIMALS ( now a movie ! ) , THE LIGHT AT THE END and THE BRIDGE will be conducting a Screenwriting Seminar ( Saturday morning ; separate admission )
ROBERT HALL
FX creator of TERMINATOR : THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES , QUARANTINE , KILLER PAD and ANGEL , plus director of new LAID TO REST and LIGHTNING BUG
TIM SULLIVAN
Writer / director DRIFTWOOD and 2001 MANIACS will be conducting a filmmaking seminar ( separate admission required )
THE DEVIL’S DUNGEON
Panel With director Jake ( BLOOD DRIVE ) Kennedy and cast members Marieh ( JEEPERS CREEPERS II ) Delfino , Tracy ( ZOMBIE HONEYMOON ) Coogan , Graham ( JEKYLL ) McTavish , Alice ( AMERICAN ZOMBIE ) Amter , Valorie ( RESIDENT EVIL : EXTINCTION ) Hubbard , Eve ( WICKED LAKE ) Mauro , Sita ( BAD BLOOD ) Young and Katherine ( JARHEAD ) Randolph
Advance previews and / or special guests from such upcoming films as FINAL DESTINATION 4 , BAD BIOLOGY , ROB ZOMBIE’S TYRANNOSAURUS REX , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK , GRACE , NIGHT OF THE DEMONS and many more !
JUNE 5 - 7 , 2009
New York , NY
Jacob K. Javits Convention Center
655 West 34th Street
New York , NY
TOBE HOOPER
Director : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORROR
HERSCHELL GORDON LEWIS
Godfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a speciallow - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required )
“ GHOST HUNTERS ” LIVE
From the hit Sci Fi Channel series , meet paranormal investigators / hosts Grant Wilson and Jason Hawes
TOM SAVINI
Makeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
MARILYN BURNS
Actress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATION
CAROLINE WILLIAMS
Actress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHER
DEBBIE ROCHON
FANGORIA RADIO co-host and actress : THE BOG CREATURES , TROMEO & JULIET , TERROR FIRMER , NOWHERE MAN and the new SATAN HATES YOU , WALKING DISTANCE , COLOUR FROM THE DARK , DOG and PSYCHOSOMATIKA
LLOYD KAUFMAN
Troma chief and director of TOXIC AVENGER films and POULTRYGEIST will be conducting his DIRECT YOUR OWN DAMN MOVIE !
seminar ( separate admission required )
WILLIAM LUSTIG
Director : MANIAC , MANIAC COP trilogy , VIGILANTE and UNCLE SAM
LARRY FESSENDEN
Director of THE LAST WINTER , WENDIGO , FEAR ITSELF and HABIT ; producerof new STAKE LAND , HYPOTHERMIA , SATAN HATES YOU , I SELL THE DEAD and THE HOUSE OF THE DEVIL
DENNIS PAOLI
Screenwriter of RE - ANIMATOR , FROM BEYOND , BODY SNATCHERS , MASTERS OF HORROR , DAGON , THE DENTIST , CASTLE FREAK , THE PIT AND THE PENDULUM and many more .
Paoli will be conducting a screenwriting seminar ( separate admission required )
OFFSPRING
Panel With author / screenwriter Jack Ketchum ( OFF SEASON , RED , THE GIRL NEXT DOOR , THE LOST ) and producer / director Andrew van den Houten ( HEADSPACE , HOME MOVIE , GIRL NEXT DOOR )
ROBIN SHERWOOD
Actress : TOURIST TRAP , THE LOVE BUTCHER , DEATH WISH II , BLOW OUT
BRIAN SPEARS
FX artist : I SELL THE DEAD , RETURN TO SLEEPAWAY CAMP , SHADOW : DEAD RIOT , PLAGUE TOWN , MIDNIGHT MASS , FLESH FOR THE BEAST
RAINE BROWN
Cult actress from BARRICADE , AUNT ROSE , ANGEL’S BLADE : ASCENSION , 100 TEARS , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room )
JOE ZASO
Tough guy actor from BARRICADE , ANGEL’S BLADE , 5 DEAD ON THE CRIMSON CANVAS , RED MIDNIGHT , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room )
Plus advance previews and / or guests from such films as FINAL DESTINATION 4 , THE BOX , BAD BIOLOGY , ROB ZOMBIE’S TYRANNOSAURUS REX , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK and many more !
Director : NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD , DAWN OF THE DEAD , DAY OF THE DEAD , LAND OF THE DEAD , CREEPSHOW , MARTIN , KNIGHTRIDERS and THE DARK HALF will have the first news and footage from his latest zombie flick , a DIARY OF THE DEAD sequelHELLRAISER ’s Pinhead , NIGHTBREED , PUMPKINHEAD : ASHES TO ASHES , PROPHECY : THE UPRISING , THE COTTAGE and new Clive Barker film BOOK OF BLOODDirector : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORROR .
Godfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a special low - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required ) With Ruggero Deodato ( CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST , CUT AND RUN , HOUSE ON THE EDGE OF THE PARK ) , Lamberto Bava ( DEMONS 1 - 2 , GHOST SON , MACABRO ) and FX artist / director Sergio Stivaletti ( WAX MASK , DELLAMORTE DELLAMORE , MOTHER OF TEARS ) Makeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
Actress : EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATIONActress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHERCult actress from BARRICADE , AUNT ROSE , ANGEL’S BLADE : ASCENSION , 100 TEARS , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room ) Tough guy actor from BARRICADE , ANGEL’S BLADE , 5 DEAD ON THE CRIMSON CANVAS , RED MIDNIGHT , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room ) Plus advance previews and / or guests from such films as THE WOLF MAN , CASE 39 , DRAG ME TO HELL , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK , SCAR and many more !
Creator : HELLRAISER , CANDYMAN , NIGHTBREED , MIDNIGHT MEAT TRAIN and LORD OF ILLUSIONS ; novels : WEAVEWORLD , THE GREAT AND SECRET SHOW , IMAJICA , ABARAT and MISTER B. GONE ; latest movies : DREAD and BOOK OF BLOODDirector : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORRORIn his first - ever Fango con appearance , Bell will discuss his enduring legacy as the SAW movies ’ maniacal John Kramer , as well as his roles in such films and TV shows as BOOGEYMAN 2 , BURIED ALIVE , THE X FILES , REVELATIONS , 24 and the upcoming FANGORIA Film , BUMP .
With Ruggero Deodato ( CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST , CUT AND RUN , HOUSE ON THE EDGE OF THE PARK ) , Lamberto Bava ( DEMONS 1 - 2 , GHOST SON , MACABRO ) and FX artist / director Sergio Stivaletti ( WAX MASK , DELLAMORTE DELLAMORE , MOTHER OF TEARS ) Godfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a speciallow - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required ) Makeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
Actress : EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATIONActress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHER 2 Director : HATCHET ; co-director SPIRAL ; producer : new GRACEDirector : new GRACE , FANGORIA BLOOD DRIVEScreenwriter / Splatterpunk author of ANIMALS ( now a movie ! ) , THE LIGHT AT THE END and THE BRIDGE will be conducting a Screenwriting Seminar ( Saturday morning ; separate admission ) FX creator of TERMINATOR : THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES , QUARANTINE , KILLER PAD and ANGEL , plus director of new LAID TO REST and LIGHTNING BUGWriter / director DRIFTWOOD and 2001 MANIACS will be conducting a filmmaking seminar ( separate admission required ) Panel With director Jake ( BLOOD DRIVE ) Kennedy and cast members Marieh ( JEEPERS CREEPERS II ) Delfino , Tracy ( ZOMBIE HONEYMOON ) Coogan , Graham ( JEKYLL ) McTavish , Alice ( AMERICAN ZOMBIE ) Amter , Valorie ( RESIDENT EVIL : EXTINCTION ) Hubbard , Eve ( WICKED LAKE ) Mauro , Sita ( BAD BLOOD ) Young and Katherine ( JARHEAD ) RandolphAdvance previews and / or special guests from such upcoming films as FINAL DESTINATION 4 , BAD BIOLOGY , ROB ZOMBIE’S TYRANNOSAURUS REX , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK , GRACE , NIGHT OF THE DEMONS and many more !
Director : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , POLTERGEIST , EATEN ALIVE ’SALEM ’S LOT , LIFEFORCE , TOOLBOX MURDERS , INVADERS FROM MARS and MASTERS OF HORRORGodfather of Gore and director of BLOOD FEAST , TWO THOUSAND MANIACS ! , WIZARD OF GORE and many others ; Gordon will be conducting a speciallow - budget filmmaking & marketing seminar ( separate admission required ) From the hit Sci Fi Channel series , meet paranormal investigators / hosts Grant Wilson and Jason HawesMakeup FX legend and fan favorite from DAWN OF THE DEAD , MARTIN , CREEPSHOW , FRIDAY THE 13TH , MANIAC , DAY OF THE DEAD , TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE 2 , FRIDAY THE 13TH : THE FINAL CHAPTER and many more .
He is also a director ( 1990 ’s NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD ) and actor ( KNIGHTRIDERS , FROM DUSK TILL DAWN , GRINDHOUSE ) .
Savini will sign autographs on a complimentary basis for our Gold Patrons .
For others he will have a booth all weekend where you can meet him and purchase his autograph for a nominal fee .
Actress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE , EATEN ALIVE , FUTURE-KILL and TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE : THE NEXT GENERATIONActress : TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE II , LEPRECHAUN 3 and THE STEPFATHERFANGORIA RADIO co-host and actress : THE BOG CREATURES , TROMEO & JULIET , TERROR FIRMER , NOWHERE MAN and the new SATAN HATES YOU , WALKING DISTANCE , COLOUR FROM THE DARK , DOG and PSYCHOSOMATIKATroma chief and director of TOXIC AVENGER films and POULTRYGEIST will be conducting his DIRECT YOUR OWN DAMN MOVIE !
seminar ( separate admission required ) Director : MANIAC , MANIAC COP trilogy , VIGILANTE and UNCLE SAMDirector of THE LAST WINTER , WENDIGO , FEAR ITSELF and HABIT ; producerof new STAKE LAND , HYPOTHERMIA , SATAN HATES YOU , I SELL THE DEAD and THE HOUSE OF THE DEVILScreenwriter of RE - ANIMATOR , FROM BEYOND , BODY SNATCHERS , MASTERS OF HORROR , DAGON , THE DENTIST , CASTLE FREAK , THE PIT AND THE PENDULUM and many more .
Paoli will be conducting a screenwriting seminar ( separate admission required ) Panel With author / screenwriter Jack Ketchum ( OFF SEASON , RED , THE GIRL NEXT DOOR , THE LOST ) and producer / director Andrew van den Houten ( HEADSPACE , HOME MOVIE , GIRL NEXT DOOR ) Actress : TOURIST TRAP , THE LOVE BUTCHER , DEATH WISH II , BLOW OUTFX artist : I SELL THE DEAD , RETURN TO SLEEPAWAY CAMP , SHADOW : DEAD RIOT , PLAGUE TOWN , MIDNIGHT MASS , FLESH FOR THE BEASTCult actress from BARRICADE , AUNT ROSE , ANGEL’S BLADE : ASCENSION , 100 TEARS , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room ) Tough guy actor from BARRICADE , ANGEL’S BLADE , 5 DEAD ON THE CRIMSON CANVAS , RED MIDNIGHT , DARKNESS SURROUNDS ROBERTA and BEAST ( signing in dealers ’ room ) Plus advance previews and / or guests from such films as FINAL DESTINATION 4 , THE BOX , BAD BIOLOGY , ROB ZOMBIE’S TYRANNOSAURUS REX , LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT , 25/8 , PIRANHA 3-D , THE DESCENT 2 , CIRQUE DU FREAK and many more !
As Bush and Cheney take full advantage of their last month in the bully pulpit , there are a few key themes emerging in their narrative about the last eight years .
Regrets ?
Bush has too few to mention
Faced with a faltering economy and a precarious national security position , President George W. Bush made the best of a bad situation and sought to unite the country in spite of Washington ’s toxic political culture .
That ’s how Bush views his tenure in office , according to a recent round of exit interviews he and Vice President Dick Cheney have done as part of an effort to wind up their administration on a positive note .
Advertisement
Their argument is not entirely convincing .
“ The president and his advisers are focusing an enormous amount of effort on trying to politically shape and spin the legacy to improve his image in history ’s eyes , ” said former White House press secretary Scott McClellan .
“ I am not surprised .
There has always been great effort placed on the political marketing of this presidency . ”
Bush and Cheney are n’t saying much that Americans have n’t heard before , in one form or another .
But as the two men take full advantage of their last month in the bully pulpit , there are a few key themes emerging in their narrative about the last eight years .
They did their best with a vulnerable economy : “ I think when the history of this period is written , people will realize a lot of the decisions that were made on Wall Street took place over a decade or so , before I arrived , ” Bush told ABC ’s Charlie Gibson , glossing over his long record as a deregulator , which stretches back to his time as governor of Texas .
He continued , referring specifically to the housing crisis : “ I ’m a little upset that we did n’t get the reforms to Fannie and Freddie … people will say that this administration tried hard to get a regulator . ”
“ Hard ” might be pushing it , since a reform bill never made it through the GOP - controlled Congress .
But the administration certainly raised the issue , highlighting the potential market risks of overgrown GSEs as early as April 2001 .
Dean Baker , the liberal economist who directs the Center for Economic and Policy Research , was incredulous at Bush ’s attempt to displace blame onto his predecessor .
“ If he was really troubled by any of the policies inherited from the Clinton administration he kept it to himself , ” Baker said .
“ There ’s plenty of blame to go on the Clinton administration .
On the other hand , he ’s been sitting there for eight years .
It ’s pretty hard to say there ’s nothing you could have done . ”
Bush has also cited his administration ’s “ 52 months of uninterrupted job growth ” as a feather in his presidential cap – though in many of those months job growth was tepid , falling below the rate at which experts say a healthy economy must grow .
Iraq was a grave and gathering threat :
On defense policy , both Bush and Cheney have been especially assertive in backing up their records .
They have even returned to one of their most familiar rationales to defend the war in Iraq : the threat posed by weapons of mass destruction .
“ Saddam Hussein had the capability of making weapons of mass destruction , ” Bush told ABC ’s Martha Raddatz last week .
“ I did not have the luxury of knowing he did not have them .
Neither did the rest of the world until after we had come and removed him . ”
Though Bush added that he regretted faulty pre-war intelligence , Cheney was completely unapologetic on the subject and swatted down Karl Rove ’s recent suggestion that with different intelligence the country might not have gone to war .
“ As I look at the intelligence with respect to Iraq , what they got wrong was that there were n’t any stockpiles , ” he told ABC ’s Jonathan Karl .
“ What they found was that Saddam Hussein still had the capability to produce weapons of mass destruction …
They also found that he had every intention of resuming production once the international sanctions were lifted . ”
This narrative is something of a golden oldie for the Bush team : weapons of mass destruction were central to the original case for war , but eventually took a back seat to humanitarian - oriented arguments after inspectors found no evidence of a WMD program in the country .
Extreme measures have been necessary : Iraq is n’t the only subject on which Cheney is an unabashed defender of the White House ’s national security policies .
When it comes to surveillance and torture , he has firmly asserted both the effectiveness and the legality of the administration ’s policies .
“ I think those who allege that we ’ve been involved in torture , or that somehow we violated the Constitution or laws with the terrorist surveillance program , simply do n’t know what they ’re talking about , ” Cheney recently told ABC ’s Jonathan Karl , going on to argue that the waterboarding of 9/11 conspirator Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was an appropriate measure .
The White House has n’t always been so sure .
After a 2006 interview in which Cheney seemed to confirm that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed had been waterboarded , the White House walked back his comments to avoid confirming the use of that technique , which in the past has been prosecuted as a war crime .
“ The vice president says he was talking in general terms about a questioning program that is legal to save American lives , and he was not referring to waterboarding , ” then - White House Press Secretary Tony Snow said at the time .
This time around , Cheney left no wiggle room in his remarks .
Karl asked , “ On KSM , one of those tactics [ used ] … was waterboarding … .
Even that you think was appropriate ? ”
Cheney answered tersely : “ I do . ”
Compassionate conservatism works : Bush and Cheney may be spending the lion ’s share of their time defending their responses to the biggest contingencies of their time in office .
But Bush is also returning to some of the themes that marked his first presidential run , circling back to the theme of compassionate conservatism – the bumper - sticker version of his approach to government that gradually disappeared in the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attacks .
In an interview with National Review in early December , Bush defended this governing philosophy , which has taken a hammering from both the left and the right over the years .
“ It was n’t very well defended , but most people adhere to it , ” Bush told the conservative magazine .
“ Compassionate conservatism basically says that if you implement this philosophy , your life would become better .
That ’s what it says . ”
In addition to such abstract arguments , Bush has also tried to focus public attention on some of the often overlooked accomplishments that mesh better with the themes of his first presidential campaign .
“ We ’ve accomplished a lot in my administration .
Like No Child Left Behind ; 52 months of uninterrupted job growth ; PEPFAR , which is the AIDS initiative in Africa ; fighting malaria , where there 's poverty ; faith - based [ programs ] , ” Bush told Raddatz .
“ I mean there ’s a lot that people will be able to judge this administration on . ”
We do n’t worry about history :
For a man on a bon voyage tour , Bush has tried to sound unconcerned about how history will judge him .
“ I ’ll be frank with you .
I do n’t spend a lot of time really worrying about short - term history , ” he told Gibson .
“ I guess I do n’t worry about long - term history , either , since I ’m not going to be around to read it . ”
The line is an echo of his famous response to Bob Woodward ’s question about how history would judge the Iraq war .
Then , as now , Bush replied : “ History .
We do n’t know .
We ’ll all be dead . ”
DILLON , S.C. -- Travis Jackson walks through his modest ranch house , admiring the kitchen 's built - in spice rack and the red - oak floors .
He draws back the curtains , and sunlight illuminates the pride on his face .
The young banker just bought Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's childhood home at a foreclosure sale .
" This is where it all ...
Posted on 23 February 2009 by Quaid
Quaid here .
As you may or may not know , the new Ghostbusters video game is scheduled to hit shelves soon .
Rumor had it that this was going to be the closest thing we would ever get to a sequel …with all the original cast ( including Murray ) reprising their roles .
Then , as always happens , the rumor mill began to turn .
Word got out that the guys had so much fun on the video game , they wanted to do one more movie .
Writers were hired , and Aykroyd got out there talking about the script .
Then things went silent .
Well , seems there is still a little hope this project will get made .
In an online Q&A with Aykroyd the other day , he was asked about the status of Ghostbusters 3 .
His response ?
“ Script is commenced early summer .
Hope to be in production by late fall 2009 . ”
We ’ve heard much more excited words from Aykroyd in the past , so I ’d still approach this cautiously .
I hope we get to see a final film , though .
Thanks to AICN for bringing this to our attention .
If you have n’t already heard , the Windows 7 Public Beta is has been released through the Microsoft website , and anybody that registers from now until January 24th will receive a temporary license key for the Beta 1 version .
Today we ’ll run through the features and what you should expect .
I ’ve been using the beta for a couple of weeks , and yesterday I got my hands on the official Beta 1 release , which is good enough to use on a regular basis if it was n’t for the hard cut - off date … yes , the beta release has an expiration date on August 1st 2009 , after which it will stop working .
If you wanted to sum up Windows 7 in a few words : it ’s Windows Vista with a few new features and almost all the annoyances and bugs removed … and a really shiny coat of paint .
It ’s impressive , so we ’ll hop straight into the screenshots .
The Screenshot Tour
The default desktop for Windows 7 is clean and simple , and like almost everything in this release , is really quite impressive .
The first thing that you ca n’t miss is the new taskbar , which uses large icons instead of taskbar buttons and integrates Quick Launch functionality at the same time .
You ’ll notice in this screenshot that the Windows Media Player icon is n’t “ active ” , because I do n’t have an instance open … but it ’s been Pinned to the taskbar .
The popup preview thumbnails have been enhanced to show multiple windows side by side , which is much more useful than the Vista way , especially since Windows 7 combines windows by default : even if you have only two windows open , they will be combined into a single taskbar button .
When hovering over one of the previews , Windows 7 will automatically flip to that window so you can see in a larger view which window it is .
Very useful for Word documents , I think .
The new taskbar buttons also have a new right - click menu , which gives you access to special folders or recent documents .
There ’s a new API that allows applications to add items to this list , so expect in the future for this to become a big deal .
If you do n’t like the taskbar functionality , you can revert back to the Windows Vista method by opening up Taskbar and Start Menu Properties ( right click \ Properties ) .
The “ Taskbar buttons ” setting will let you turn off the single icon mode , and you can choose “ Use small icons ” to turn off the big icons .
The next thing you might notice is that there is no longer a “ Sidebar ” for the Gadgets … you ’ll have to right - click on the desktop and choose Gadgets to add more , which can be dragged to the desktop anywhere you ’d like .
You ’ll also notice you can get quick access to your resolution from here .
If you want to dock the gadgets to the side like you used to , you still can :
If you drag the desktops to the side of the screen , they will dock there :
The Start Menu is roughly the same as before , although you ’ll notice the Shut Down button is much simpler , and can be configured to a different action right in the Taskbar and Start menu properties screen .
You ’ll notice the arrow next to Getting Started … whenever you see an arrow on a pinned item , you can hover over it to see a list of tasks on the right - hand side , with a rather fun “ slide out ” effect that I can’t really show in a screenshot .
In fact , it ’s tough to show off the real “ slickness ” of the UI in these screenshots … you have to try it for yourself to understand : things are just smooth .
When you search , the taskbar “ morphs ” into a full - size search screen – a huge improvement from Vista , and the search results are pretty good , although still not perfect .
Another really slick new feature lets you maximize or tile windows by dragging them to one of the sides of the screen … for instance , you drag the current window to the left side of the screen and you ’ll see a glass window effect …
And once you let go of the mouse , the window will take up exactly half of the screen .
Very useful for tiling windows .
This also works for maximizing by dragging to the top of the screen … letting go of the mouse at this point would maximize the current window :
This also works if you drag a window corner to one of the edges of the screen , Windows 7 will let you make the window fill the whole space from top to bottom .
You might have noticed a little unused area on the taskbar right next to the clock … this is the new “ Show Desktop ” icon , with an added twist : if you hover your mouse over it , it will turn all of the open windows to glass , letting you see what is beneath .
This would maybe be useful if you have desktop gadgets on the screen , or just want to see your wallpaper .
The system tray is also changed , with all extra icons being hidden behind a little arrow .
You ’ll also note that the current date is shown on the screen now , since the taskbar is taller .
One of the default items is important : the Action Center icon now consolidates all of the Windows Security error or notification messages into a single icon …
And even better , you get to choose which errors you want to hear about , and which ones you do n’t .
HUGE improvement over Vista .
By clicking on the wrench icon you can choose which notifications appear on the taskbar :
You can also change which security messages show up :
The Action Center is your new “ hub ” to review all of the messages and notifications … more on that in a future article , but one of the biggest changes in Windows 7 is hidden behind it … click on the User Account Control settings :
And you ’ll see a new “ Slider ” , which lets you change the amount of UAC notifications , and by default UAC is nearly disabled for users with administrative rights .
The only time you will see UAC messages is during a new application install .
Continuing through the Control Panel , there is a completely new panel for customizing your desktop using themes , with easy access to all the relevant settings from a single window .
Many of the windows that used to be separate dialogs are now integrated directly into the regular Control Panel , like this one for changing your display appearance :
A smaller thing to note … the Windows Experience score maximum has been increased to 7.9 instead of 5.9 in Vista .
One important thing to note is that when you go to your user folder , you will see a bunch of “ Libraries ” , which are essentially search folders banded together so you can find all your pictures , documents , or music in a single place .
This feature is quite useful , but is going to take some time to get used to .
You ’ll notice in the screenshot above there ’s a new “ Homegroup ” item in the list , and yes , they ’ve completely revamped network sharing in Windows 7 with a much simpler interface that we ’ll cover in future articles .
Other Features
There ’s a whole bunch of other features in Windows 7 that we do n’t really have time to cover today …
New Calculator .
Internet Explorer 8 is integrated by default .
XPS Viewer integrated .
New versions of Paint and Wordpad with the “ Ribbon ” interface .
Revamped Windows Backup .
New “ Home Groups ” for sharing files and folders .
New , easier Wireless connections tray icon .
Media Center is Updated with new features .
Faster bootup and installation times .
Other stuff .
The other thing to note is that Windows Mail , Calendar , Photo Gallery , Movie Maker and Contacts have been removed from Windows 7 and are now part of the downloadable Windows Live Essentials .
Installing Windows 7
I realize it ’s illogical , but now we ’ll skip to installing it ( the other screenshots were more interesting ) .
The startup installation screen is pretty familiar looking …
Should I Install Windows 7 ?
If you do n’t mind the fact that it will stop working on August 1st , Windows 7 beta 1 is very stable and usable .
Do I Need a License ?
Windows 7 works just like Windows Vista did … you can install it and run it in “ Trial mode ” for 30 days .
Yes , this does mean that you can borrow the disc from a friend , or download it “ illegally ” and use it , at least for a trial period .
( I ’m not advocating piracy here ) .
It ’s Only a Download ?
That ’s right , you will need to download the ISO image file and then burn it to a DVD in order to do an installation …
I recommend ImgBurn .
What About Drivers ?
Windows 7 uses the exact same drivers as Windows Vista , and by this point the majority of devices have drivers .
You most likely wo n’t even need to install drivers , since Windows 7 has a lot more drivers included by default .
Important Installation Notes
When you get to the screen which recommends upgrading vs custom installation , I would recommend installing a new installation into a completely blank partition .
If you want to test it on the same machine as Vista , you should dual - boot .
I would recommend against using the upgrade feature unless you are very brave ( also note that it only supports upgrading from Vista SP1 )
If you do n’t have a second hard drive or partition already , you can use the Shrink Volume feature in Vista to resize your current partition .
If that does n’t work , you can work around Vista ’s shrink volume problems as well .
If none of that works , you can use GParted to resize the partition .
Once it installs ( which does n’t take that long ) , you ’ll be prompted for a computer name and user name :
You ’ll be prompted for what your default homegroup settings are ( personally I ’d probably turn most of them off , but I ’m security - conscious ) .
Make sure to write down this homegroup password and save it somewhere !
From this point you will be able to get to your desktop , and start actually using Windows 7 .
Windows 7 Bug
There is a known bug in Windows 7 that will potentially damage some mp3 files if you load them into Windows Media Player .
You ’ll want to make sure to install this patch , or turn on automatic updates once you have Windows 7 installed … it should update automatically .
For more information and the download links check out this ArsTechnica post .
What Should We Cover ?
One of my recent articles asked what exactly we should cover in 2009 , and Windows 7 is definitely going to be on that list .
The question is : What do YOU want to see about Windows 7 ?
What is the most important topic when it comes to learning a new operating system ?
Leave your thoughts in the comments , and we ’ll try our best to cover that topic in a future article .
( If you are reading through RSS or Email click here to leave a comment )
Employment figures released this morning revealed a massive drop in full - time jobs for December .
Employers shed almost 44,000 positions , taking the unemployment rate to 4.5 % , up from 4.4 % .
'' We 're only going into the start of the employment down trend in Australia , " said Angus Gluskie of White Funds Management .
'' We have n't experienced conditions deteriorating yet but it 's all about to happen here . ''
Poor retail sales in the US and more warnings about the health of big European banks had sent overseas markets sharply lower overnight .
Asian markets also slumped , with Japan 's Nikkei 225 off 4.1 % and Hong Kong 's Hang Seng 5.3 % lower .
Dow futures also pointed to further weakness on Wall Street , trading down 52 points recently , at 8,107 .
The dollar resumed its decline over much of the past week , trading recently at 65.76 US cents .
It had also sunk below the 50 euro cent mark , buying 49.9 euro cents , and it was worth 58.5 yen .
Rio retreat Rio Tinto shares ended the day down $ 3.31 , or 8.2 % , to $ 37.30 after reporting an 18 % drop in fourth - quarter iron ore output , while sales from its key West Australian iron ore mines fell 23 % .
The world 's fourth biggest miner also announced chairman Paul Skinner will be replaced in April by Jim Leng , who is currently deputy chairman of Tata Steel Ltd in India .
BHP Billiton sank as much as $ 2.04 , or 6.6 % , to $ 28.90 .
Redbank Mines became the latest mining company to slow developments , announcing it had placed its namesake copper mine in the Northern Territory on care and maintenance to focus on exploration after the slump in commodity prices .
Its shares edged 6 % higher to 1.8 cents .
The materials sub - index ended the day down 6.4 % in recent trading , compared with a 3.8 % slump in the financial sector and 3.7 % for energy stocks .
Banks
Among major banks , National Australia Bank ended the day down $ 1.07 cents , or 5.2 % , to $ 19.60 , the Commonwealth Bank dropped $ 1.11 cents , or 3.9 % , to $ 27.31 , ANZ lost 76 cents , or 5 % , to $ 14.57 , and Westpac fell 59 cents , or 3.7 % , to $ 16.16 .
White Fund 's Mr Gluskie said Bank of America 's disclosure after close of the US stockmarkets that it would need more bailout funds has " added to the fall " today , along with further declines overseas as Asian markets opened .
Overall , people 's expectations that the bailout packages announced at the end of last year would resolve fundamental problems in the global economy have proven false , he said .
As people have started to get a view of economic figures from US , the actual news flow shows things " are getting worse . "
People were naively optimistic early on , " Mr Gluskie said .
" Hope has been replaced with disappointment . ''
Energy , gold
In the energy sector , Santos shares lost 29 cents to $ 13.80 , Woodside Petroleum ended down $ 1.60 , or 4.5 % , at $ 34.05 .
In New York , light sweet crude oil for delivery in February , shed 50 cents to $ US37.28 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) overnight .
In the gold sector , Newmont added three cents at $ 5.42 , Newcrest fell $ 1.75 to $ 28.25 , and Lihir lost 11 cents to $ 2.55 .
The price of gold in Sydney at 1625 AEDT was $ US809.00 per fine ounce , down $ US17.65 on yesterday 's close of $ US826.65 .
IG Markets analyst Ben Potter said the local market had been spooked by the sharp fall in US markets , lower prices for base metals in London , and analyst and broker downgrades for various blue - chip stocks .
'' The market looks like it is gathering some momentum to the downside , '' Mr Potter said .
He said investors were not feeling confident that the corporate earnings season in the US or the reporting season in Australia would be positive , and no one knew where the catalyst for a sustained turnaround would come from .
Retailers , media
The major retailers were weaker .
Centro is in a trading halt pending an announcement " regarding the outcome of negotiations on the extension of its finance facilities that are due to expire today , " the company said .
The company is seeking another extension to repayments for $ 6 billion of debt .
Centro Properties last traded at 12 cents , while Centro Property was last changing hands at 12 cents .
Telstra shares were 12 cents lower at $ 3.61 while rival Singapore Telecommunications fell 13 cents , or 5 % , to $ 2.46 .
Among media stocks , News Corp was down 97 cents at $ 13.01 and its non-voting stock lost 92 cents to $ 12.13 .
Fairfax dropped 17.5 cents to $ 1.475 , while Consolidated Media fell 12 cents to $ 1.86 .
Qantas was down 18 cents at $ 2.36 and Virgin Blue lost 2 cents to 33.5 cents .
Preliminary national turnover was 1.07 billion shares worth $ 3.02 billion , with 713 stocks down , 204 up and 247 unchanged .
BusinessDay with AAP
Has anything the celebrity family of Jett Travolta said about the teenager been the unvarnished truth ?
If so , we missed it .
Even the publicity photos of Jett they sent out after his death are Photoshopped .
The constantly changing versions of the events surrounding Jett 's death have gripped the public 's imagination because it is so congruent with the story of his father 's life .
John Travolta would have us believe that he is normal ; that he is not a member of a crazy cult ; and that he is straight .
At least two of those things are false .
Let 's count the inconsistencies , which extend back long before Jett 's tragic passing :
Jett 's parents , John Travolta and Kelly Preston , adherents of Scientology , have long maintained that Jett suffered from Kawasaki disease , an immune disorder which causes inflammation of blood vessels .
But Kawasaki disease is not linked to seizures , according to medical experts .
When they were n't blaming Kawasaki disease , they publicly maintained Jett 's health was fine , even though many in Hollywood believed Jett suffered from autism .
And suddenly , after his death , we learn that Jett was n't fine ; rather , he was constantly supervised by two nannies and a baby monitor .
Autism would explain Jett 's disturbingly affectless appearance in public ; about a third of people with autism also suffer seizures .
Travolta and Preston are followers of Scientology , which believes conditions like autism are all in the victim 's head — that they are " degraded beings " requiring " purification . "
Preston has said in the past that Jett underwent a Scientology purification , which reportedly involves high doses of niacin .
Police in the Bahamas said Jett , who was found unconscious late on New Year 's Day in his parents ' condo and died at a hospital shortly afterward , had struck his head , and reported blood on the scene .
The nanny who found him , Jeff Kathrein , a Scientologist wedding photographer hired by Jett 's parents , John Travolta and Kelly Preston , was once spotted in an intimate kiss with Jett 's father .
Police said Jett was alone for hours , after last being seen the evening of January 1 ; a family lawyer maintained that Kathrein , who slept eight feet away from Jett , found him almost right away .
A funeral director hired by the family said there was no sign of a bruise and that Jett 's body " looked great . "
The cause of death on Jett 's death certificate was listed simply as a seizure .
Two chartered planes and a police hearse , ostensibly carrying Jett 's remains , waited on the tarmac Monday , as Bahamian police blocked access .
It was a ruse : Jett 's body was being cremated at the time , and the family planned to fly his ashes back to Florida on Tuesday .
And then there are the photos , which show amateurish signs of digital manipulation to give Jett a jawline as firm as dad's :
Jett , in reality , had a rounder face .
But so what ?
The need to airbrush away Jett 's chin is the perfect metaphor for the pathetic misdirections and deceptions the Travoltas have engaged in .
What they 're covering up is not worth covering up .
This is not some grand crusade for the truth — which in the end is the simple and tragic tale of a teen boy dying too young .
The lies , big and small , that Travolta tells are n't for Jett .
They 're for him to maintain his fake public image .
He asks us , out of politeness or gullibility , to swallow it whole .
Yes , everyone wants to let the family grieve .
Let them grieve — but Jett Travolta is the only one who should lie in peace .
Sense of humor and your smile is the 4th secret that will help you to capture anybody 's heart in a matter of seconds .
is an ability to produce jokes or create some funny situations and make another person laugh and feel comfortable , as well as to react adequately to other people 's jokes .
When we joke we put another person into a relaxed and comfortable state so it becomes easier to establish a contact ( or as psychologists say " a rapport " ) with him or her .
According to a research , women prefer men who have a good .
Women put this ability at the top of the list of qualities the man of their dream must have .
Now what concerns a smile .
It 's up to you whether to believe me or not , but smile is a very powerful weapon which is always at our disposal , although few of us really realize this .
Scientist have discovered that smile comes from ancient times and originates in the animal world .
Remember a situation when 2 he - males fight for a female .
They show bared teeth to each other as if telling : " Watch out , I can bite you .
I am more superior than you are ! " .
Same thing occurs when we smile .
When we smile we show our opponent that we do n't afraid of him / her and that we are dominating .
Keep in mind the importance of the condition of your teeth ( I wrote about it here :
Make her fall in love with you - Secret 3 of 10 ) .
During a smile about 30 of your face muscles stretch and relax .
I also need to mention here the importance of the sincerity of your smile .
Whether your smile sincere or not it can be distinguished easily by the way of how you do it .
During a insincere smile only the muscles around your mouth work .
However when it is really sincere the muscles around your eyes work as well .
Smile more and I guarantee that not only your life will improve but your chances to attract a person of another sex will rise significantly .
And do n't forget about your .
=) You can read my next post breaking the myth about the importance of money in love here
Sarah Palin has famously opposed sex -ed programs other than " abstinence education . "
Funny , then , that daughter Bristol was on Fox News tonight saying abstinence is " not realistic at all . "
Bristol scheduled an interview with mom's pandering BFF Greta Van Susteren of Fox News .
But she did n't tell mom until 24 hours before , probably because she was planning to personally insult Jesus , and the former Republican vice presidential nominee would not like it .
After describing the difficulty of being a teen mom , Britsol told Van Susteren abstinence is the best policy , but is not realistic because it's not the 19th Century any more , not even in Alaska .
She said she did n't " want to get into detail about " other reasons abstinence is unrealistic , though we 're guessing it might be because Bristol failed to control her teenaged hormones and , being without ready access to condoms , got pregnant at 17 to an ill - tempered failed hockey player who has yet to finish high school or , judging from what Bristol told Fox , secure employment of any sort , other than doing odd jobs for his father .
Still , Bristol wants all teens to try really hard not to have sex of any sort , because you 'll end up like her , sitting across from Greta Van Susteren and explaining that " eventually " you 'd " like to get married " to your the father of your child , to whom you are supposed to be engaged .
And that you 'd especially like to get married to that person if someone in your family needs to run for a federal office of some sort .
( OK , she never said that last part .
But it was implied . )
Several hours of violence erupted Wednesday night as demonstrators at " smashed storefronts and cars , set several cars ablaze and blocked streets in downtown Oakland . "
The riot started after a protest was held at the Frutivale BART station , voicing anger at the New Year 's Day shooting death of Oscar Grant .
The " roving mob " went to town , indiscriminately going on a rampage throughout downtown Oakland .
The mob smashed the windows at Creative African Braids on 14th Street , and a woman walked out of the shop holding a baby in her arms .
" This is our business , " shouted Leemu Topka , the black owner of the salon she started four years ago .
" This is our shop .
This is what you call a protest ?
While the victims of last night 's riots had nothing to do with the unfortunate killing of Oscar Grant , many protesters were tickled over the noise being made in the name of racial injustice and ( alleged ) frustration .
" I feel like the night is going great , " said Nia Sykes , 24 , a San Francisco resident who made it over to Oakland to experience some gritty color .
" I feel like Oakland should make some noise .
This is how we need to fight back .
It 's for the murder of a black male . "
The riot started in the evening after 200 or so protested splintered off from the original protest .
Over 100 were arrested .
The BART investigation into Grant 's death continues at a viscous pace .
Image : The Inadvertent Gardener
Overclocking The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295
When NVIDIA launched their GT200 GPU and the first two graphics cards based on it - the GeForce GTX 280 and the GeForce GTX 260 , they thought they had ATI licked for good .
In fact , they originally pegged the GeForce 9800 GTX + as the direct competitor to the ATI Radeon HD 4870 graphics card .
Unfortunately , NVIDIA grossly underestimated the ATI Radeon HD 4870 , which not only roundly trounced both the GeForce 9800 GTX + and the " superior " GeForce GTX 260 , but was also more than a match for the GeForce GTX 280 .
ATI followed that up with a second blow - the dual - GPU Radeon HD 4870 X2 , which effectively made ATI the new leader in the consumer 3D graphics market .
The fall was hard on NVIDIA .
They were dominant for the last 2 - 3 generations of graphics cards and to fall so far so fast was a certainly a big blow .
But NVIDIA is never one to sit down and cry .
They may have stumbled but they now feel they have a card fast enough to regain their dominance in the industry - the new dual - GPU NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 !
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 uses two GT200 GPUs fabricated on the newer 55 nm process .
Effectively , it is the equivalent of two GeForce GTX 280 graphics cards running at the clock speeds of the GeForce GTX 260 .
For more information on the NVIDIA GT200 GPU , please take a look at the NVIDIA GTX 280 & GTX 260 Technology Report .
Our review of the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 295 showed that it was far superior to the the standard GeForce GTX 280 while consuming only 23 % more power ( 289W vs. 236W ) .
On average , it was about 50 % faster than the GeForce GTX 280 and 80 % faster than the GeForce GTX 260 .
That 's a significant boost in performance , something NVIDIA really needs to spoil ATI 's winning streak .
Of course , the GeForce GTX 295 has a really hefty price tag , which makes everyone wonder if it's worth buying when there 's a virtual fire sale of GeForce GTX 280 and GTX 260 cards .
Its performance is great , but is that the limit of its performance or can we push it a lot further ?
If the GeForce GTX 295 is really overclockable , then it might be even more worth buying than the GeForce GTX 280 and GTX 260 cards which are still using the older 65nm GT200 GPUs .
NVIDIA actually provides all the necessary tools for easy overclocking , with complete access to the core , shader and memory clock speeds .
They even allow you to control the fan speed .
All you have to do is install the overclocking tool and see how far it can go !
Like in our previous overclocking guides , we did not want this to be an example of extreme overclocking , where you would need to resort to third - party coolers .
With that method , you can achieve an incredible degree of overclocking but it would come at a significant cost .
We wanted this attempt to come at " no cost " to the user .
That meant overclocking the GeForce GTX 295 using its standard cooler .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
So far as we know , our solar system is unique in the universe ( Image : Nigel Hawtin )
ONCE upon a time , 4.6 billion years ago , something was brewing in an unremarkable backwater of the Milky Way .
The ragbag of stuff that suffuses the inconsequential , in - between bits of all galaxies – hydrogen and helium gas with just a sprinkling of solid dust – had begun to condense and form molecules .
Unable to resist its own weight , part of this newly formed molecular cloud collapsed in on itself .
In the ensuing heat and confusion , a star was born – our sun .
We do n’t know exactly what kick - started this process .
Perhaps , with pleasing symmetry , it was the shock wave from the explosive death throes of a nearby star .
It was not , at any rate , a particularly unusual event .
It had happened countless times since the Milky Way itself came into existence about 13 billion years ago , and in our telescopes we can see it still going on in distant parts of our galaxy today .
As stars go , the sun is nothing out of the ordinary .
And yet , as far as we know , it is unique .
From a thin disc of stuff left over from its birth , eight planets formed , trapped in orbit by its gravity .
One of those planets settled into a peculiarly tranquil relationship with its star and its fellow planets .
Eventually , creatures emerged on it that began to wonder how their neighbourhood came to be as it is – and could formulate the following six enduring mysteries of our familiar , and yet deeply mysterious , solar system .
How was the solar system built ?
Looking at our neighbouring …
Harvard psychologist Steven Pinker 's genome is being sequenced as part of the Personal Genome Project , and he 's been gazing at the results , attempting to divine some meaning in the A ''s , T's , G's and C's .
He shares his musings in a Sunday Times Magazine essay that captures both the excitement of personal genomics and its pitfalls .
If someone sequenced your genome , what is the first thing you 'd look for ?
Most of the personal genome services out there are currently focusing their analyses on disease risk .
One of the big selling points that these companies are pushing is that you can learn your risk for diabetes , heart disease , high cholesterol , or Alzheimer 's , and possibly modify your lifestyle to reduce your risk for disease .
Yet in many cases the information you learn from your genome is not very useful , at least given the current state of the science .
Pinker 's results illustrate the most common problem .
One genetic variant in his genome suggests that he has a reduced risk for prostate cancer - good news !
But he has two other variants ( in different genes ) associated with an increased risk for prostate cancer .
So what is his real risk ?
Steven Pinker of HarvardScientists have no clue .
We do n't know how those three different variants in Pinker 's genome act together .
Do we just add up the risk associated with each gene to estimate Pinker 's total risk ?
Or is there some kind of multiplier effect , in which one genetic variant greatly enhances the effect of another ?
When we say that a particular genetic variant gives you an increased risk for prostate cancer or some other disease , the unstated assumption is that we neglect the effect of all other genetic factors : all other things being equal , you may have a 20 % chance of developing prostate cancer if you possess a certain genetic variant .
But all else is not equal , and with our current knowledge we can't reliably tell you what your genetic risk is for heart disease , diabetes , and prostate cancer .
Some companies ( bottom - feeders , Pinker calls them ) are taking advantage of the confusion to sell genetic tests of no predictive value .
Pinker suggests that regulation of these tests should err on the side of permissiveness ; snake - oil is nothing knew , and we permit , even encourage it in our society as evidenced by our thriving diet - pill industry .
I 'm worried about the potential damage done to the reputation of science and personalized medicine should the bottom - feeders come to dominate the field early .
I agree with Pinker that there should be no restrictions on getting your DNA sequenced , even if it 's just for sheer curiosity 's sake .
But when it comes to offering a diagnostic service , personal genomics companies should meet the same standards required of all diagnostic tests .
Another difficulty arises when we do have great predictive ability .
There are certain genetic variants which almost guarantee that anyone who has them will develop Alzheimer 's or Huntington 's disease .
How many of us would want to know that we 're going to develop an incurable , terminal disease later in life ?
Many , like Pinker and Woody Allen , would rather not know , at least right now when there is no possible treatment of lifestyle change that can avert a negative outcome .
Someday treatments for Huntington 's and Alzheimer 's may be available , and getting tested will then be important .
But currently personal genomics offers ( with a few exceptions ) tests that are either not very predictive , or that are predictive of things we 'd rather not know .
To study something scientifically , you first have to measure it , and psychologists have developed tests for many mental traits .
And contrary to popular opinion , the tests work pretty well : they give a similar measurement of a person every time they are administered , and they statistically predict life outcomes like school and job performance , psychiatric diagnoses and marital stability .
Tests for intelligence might ask people to recite a string of digits backward , define a word like " predicament , " identify what an egg and a seed have in common or assemble four triangles into a square .
Personality tests ask people to agree or disagree with statements like " Often I cross the street in order not to meet someone I know , " " I often was in trouble in school , " " Before I do something I try to consider how my friends will react to it " and " People say insulting and vulgar things about me . "
People ’s answers to a large set of these questions tend to vary in five major ways : openness to experience , conscientiousness , extraversion , agreeableness ( as opposed to antagonism ) and neuroticism .
The scores can then be compared with those of relatives who vary in relatedness and family backgrounds .
The most prominent finding of behavioral genetics has been summarized by the psychologist Eric Turkheimer : “ The nature - nurture debate is over .
. . .
All human behavioral traits are heritable . ”
By this he meant that a substantial fraction of the variation among individuals within a culture can be linked to variation in their genes .
Whether you measure intelligence or personality , religiosity or political orientation , television watching or cigarette smoking , the outcome is the same ...
Behavioral geneticists like Turkheimer are quick to add that many of the differences among people cannot be attributed to their genes .
First among these are the effects of culture , which cannot be measured by these studies because all the participants come from the same culture , typically middle - class European or American .
But if you want to know whether you are at risk for high cholesterol , have your cholesterol measured ; if you want to know whether you are good at math , take a math test .
And if you really want to know yourself ( and this will be the test of how much you do ) , consider the suggestion of François La Rochefoucauld : “ Our enemies ’ opinion of us comes closer to the truth than our own . ”
In principle , personal genome results should tell us about more than just disease risk .
Our genes influence just about every aspect of who we are .
But again , our knowledge about genes that influence behavior is currently extremely limited , and what we do know is often limited to single populations .
Pinker tells us that : These tests could do everything that Pinker claims they do within the Western culture that developed them .
But is it at all possible to know how accurate these tests are when applied to African Bushmen or a population of Tibetans or rural Chinese ?
The tests may be precise ( in that they give " a similar measurement of a person every time they are administered " ) , but how can we know whether they are accurate across very different populations ?
To get a test that " statistically predicts life outcomes " for people in a culture with no school , job performance , or Western notions of marital stability , you would have to completely rewrite the test to the point where it is not comparable with the one used on subjects from Western populations .
You then end up comparing apples and oranges .
Behavioral genetics across populations extremely difficult to do .
Pinker notes this point in an accurate comment about where mainstream science stands on nature vs. nurture :
The bottom line is that behavioral genetics can be powerful , and the field has made significant progress in recent years , but beware of people who try to take what we have learned about genetics and personality / IQ within a given population and apply those results to differences between various human populations .
The genetics of absolute pitch illustrates this problem .
Absolute pitch is the ability to effortlessly recognize by ear any note played on a musical instrument ( or produced by anything that generates a pitch - a ringing phone , jangling keys , etc. ) .
There is a very strong genetic component to absolute pitch , but even if you have the genes for it , you must have early musical training in order to develop the ability .
Let 's imagine that you want to know whether humans populations differ in their genetic tendency for absolute pitch .
To do that you collect volunteers from a dozen different populations around the world and test them for absolute pitch .
You find that absolute pitch occurs frequently among people from Europe and Eastern Asia , and it 's almost entirely absent among people from Africa and the Middle East .
Since we know that absolute pitch is highly heritable ( i.e. , there is a strong genetic component ) , that means the genetic variants responsible for absolute pitch are n't present in Africans or Middle Easterners , right ?
Wrong .
The reason in this simple example is obvious : the lack of absolute pitch in certain populations could possibly be explained completely by the lack of early , Western - style musical training in these populations .
In other words , although absolute pitch has a strong genetic component , the difference between populations could be due purely to environment .
The same principle applies to other traits , especially personality and intelligence .
The lesson is that when someone claims that heritability of a trait within a culture or population indicates that genetics also accounts for differences between populations , do n't believe it .
( The absolute pitch example from from this paper in PDF format .
More discussion on the topic is here and here Even when we stick to a single population , geneticists are facing another problem as they search for links between our genomes and behavior : the genes we 're finding do n't explain very much .
Scientists hoped that a common set of genetic variants would be responsible for many human traits .
The idea was that those of us who are short , impulsive , smart , or unfocused would be short , impulsive , smart , or unfocused for the same genetic reasons .
That may not be the case .
We 're now learning that the genetic variants that make me short are probably not the same ones that make my neighbor short .
Instead of a set of common genetic reasons for various traits , it is starting to look like rare genetic variants account for many of our differences , maybe more so than common variants .
Unfortunately , rare variants are harder to find , and most of the recent genome - wide association studies have n't been looking for them .
If you 're looking for a genetic variant that shows up in ~ 1 % of the population , you only have to sequence a few hundred people to have a good chance of finding that variant .
On the other hand , if you 're looking for a variant that shows up only in ~0.01 % of the population , you have to sequence many more people to find that variant .
Finding rare variants quickly becomes extremely expensive , but it may be just those variants that are responsible for many of our genetic differences in height , personality , and intelligence .
So again we 're brought back to the same problem we confronted when we looked at disease : the current state of the science makes it difficult for you to learn much by looking at your genome sequence , especially if you come from a population that has not been included in behavioral genetics studies .
Do your genes predispose you to risk - taking ?
Neuroticism ?
Impulsiveness ?
If you happen to have your genetic data , it 's fun to check , simply for curiosity 's sake .
But keep in mind , Pinker says , that " it ’s still a messy science , with plenty of false alarms , contradictory results and tiny effects .
"
If you 're willing to fork over the money ( some fairly comprehensive services now cost as little as an iPod Touch ) , gazing at your personal genome can be entertaining .
I 'd prefer the iPod Touch .
Personal genomics right now is more about basic research than it is about changing anyone 's life .
Pinker closes with a bit of wisdom worth keeping in mind before taking the personal genome plunge :
His fall came faster and went further than expected .
From the surprise playoff berth to a 4 - 12 record last season , then an epic collapse this month .
From a 10 - 6 start to a 23 - 25 record in three seasons as the Jets ’ coach .
From Mangenius to Manjobless , just like that .
“ In this business , you look at the head coach as somebody who is the general , ” cornerback Dwight Lowery said .
“ He ’s the leader .
And when things happen the way they did , they happened for a reason , and you ’ve got to figure out what that reason is . ”
The Jets pointed their collective finger , if not their explanations , directly at Mangini .
In the middle of the night , the team announced a 10 a.m. news conference , but instead of Mangini addressing reporters , it was the owner , Woody Johnson , and General Manager Mike Tannenbaum .
They wore suits and ties and somber expressions .
Johnson had vouched for Mangini , saying he would be retained no matter how the Jets finished the 2008 season .
But on Monday , Johnson said the Jets decided to fire Mangini late Sunday night and informed him in the morning .
Neither Johnson nor Tannenbaum gave specifics on the dismissal .
They repeatedly praised Mangini , but also repeatedly said they needed to move on .
( CNN ) --
How much space do we need to live happily ?
Tokyo is a very dense city but manages to have plenty of open spaces .
As rates of urbanization increase , especially in Africa and Asia , close attention is being paid to how and where we live in urban environments .
CNN talks to Jonathan D. Solomon , Assistant Professor of Architecture at Hong Kong University about a concept known as " urban densification " which suggests the most socially and environmentally sustainable way to build homes today is to make them more compact and closer together , but can also serve to preserve communities and public spaces .
CNN : Why should we live more densely ?
Jonathan D. Solomon : Dense cities use less energy per person than more dispersed suburban equivalents .
When you consider a city in relation to its larger region , the ecological footprint per person in a city may be significantly smaller than rural inhabitation .
This fact pushes the city to the forefront of environmental sustainability and makes the question of density a critical one for the 21st century .
CNN : How does packing us in tightly make for environmental sustainability ?
Jonathan D. Solomon :
It works in two ways .
One way is the obvious scale issue .
Smaller spaces take less energy to heat and to cool and use fewer resources to fit out .
So by and large , the smaller the space , the smaller the waste .
Secondly , bringing resources to human habitation as well as infrastructure all take a tremendous amount of energy .
The cost to construct and coordinate supply chains can be made more vastly efficient when people live in dense communities .
CNN : Doesn't " densification " just mean building high rise apartment blocks ?
Jonathan D. Solomon : Not necessarily .
Tokyo is one of the densest cities on earth but not very high rise .
New Jersey is the densest state in the U.S. and it is entirely suburban .
Dense does n't mean higher , it means being better organized .
When you fill in vacant lots around the city with low rise buildings , you increase density and also link broken communities together .
In doing so you increase both environmental and social sustainability .
We have the ability to build all these different structures .
CNN : Does n't that mean less private space for people ?
Jonathan D. Solomon :
When it comes to private space , densification means reducing that , but it also means finding better ways to increase shared space .
In short , the answer lies in taking a broader and more comprehensive look at planning in cities .
CNN : Why is it more important to have more shared space rather than more private space ?
Jonathan D. Solomon :
It creates the fundamental sense of community when you mix different types of people in one place .
In a city like Mumbai you see enclave developments where the rich wall off parts of the city for dense new developments .
There is a privatization of the roads and water delivery so you get that densification but no relation to the city around it .
Hong Kong is also a city which is densely developed but where the notion of public space is not present .
There is limited mixing ground for people from different economic and cultural backgrounds to share space .
CNN : Where are examples of dense communities that are working in the world ?
Jonathan D. Solomon : Tokyo is a very dense city but there is a lot of open space .
New enclave developments are scrapping low - rise traditional neighborhoods and building blocks of high rises set in semi-private urban parks .
Unlike similar developments elsewhere , projects like Midtown Tokyo or Roppongi Hills take advantage of private investment to invest back into social space and infrastructure to connect the enclave to the city .
The result is a shift in public - private relationships and spatial relationships in the city .
But it does n't affect the strong social sphere which has been there for some time .
CNN : All this takes a lot of investment .
Densification may help rich communities , but what about poor ones ?
Jonathan D. Solomon :
One of the areas we are looking at is the role of public investment and urban infrastructure in the developing world .
Fundamentally what is different between densification in the developed and the developing world is resources : wealth , infrastructure , social networks .
This is a major issue in China because of all the people moving into cities there .
It 's the lack of public investment in that sector of human inhabitation in slums of the world that prevents them from rising up .
Newswise — Researchers have created a new family of fluorescent probes called hydrocyanines that can be used to detect and measure the presence of reactive oxygen species .
Reactive oxygen species are highly reactive metabolites of oxygen that have been implicated in a variety of inflammatory diseases , including cancer and atherosclerosis .
" We 've shown that the hydrocyanines we developed are able to detect the reactive oxygen species , superoxide and the hydroxide radical , in living cells , tissue samples , and for the first time , in vivo , " said Niren Murthy , assistant professor in the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering at Georgia Tech and Emory University .
Details of the hydrocyanine synthesis process and experimental results showing the ability of the dyes to detect reactive oxygen species in cells , tissues and mouse models were reported on December 8 in the online version of the journal Angewandte Chemie International Edition .
This research is supported by the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation .
The researchers have created six hydrocyanine dyes to date " hydro - Cy3 , hydro - Cy5 , hydro - Cy7 , hydro - IR - 676 , hydro - IR - 783 and hydro - ICG " but say that there are potentially 40 probes that could be created .
The dyes vary in their ability to detect intracellular or extracellular reactive oxygen species and by their emission wavelength " from 560 to 830 nanometers .
Fluorescing at higher wavelengths allows the hydrocyanine dyes to be used for deep tissue imaging in vivo , a capability that dihydroethidium ( DHE ) , the current " gold standard " for imaging reactive oxygen species , does not have .
The dyes also have other advantages over DHE .
" When DHE comes into contact with reactive oxygen species , it oxidizes into ethidium bromide , a common mutagen , which means it 's toxic and can't be injected inside the body , " explained Murthy .
" DHE also auto - oxidizes in the presence of aqueous solutions , which creates high levels of background fluorescence and interferes with reactive oxygen species measurements . "
Hydrocyanines are also simple and quick to synthesize , according to Coulter Department postdoctoral fellow Kousik Kundu .
Sodium borohydride is added to commercially available cyanine dyes and the solvent is removed " the one - step process takes less than five minutes .
W. Robert Taylor , a professor in the Coulter Department and Emory 's Division of Cardiology , and Emory postdoctoral fellow Sarah Knight , tested the ability of the dyes to detect reactive oxygen species inside of cells and animals .
For their first experiment , they tested the ability of hydro - Cy3 , which has an emission wavelength of 560 nanometers , to detect reactive oxygen species production in the aortic smooth muscle cells of rats .
They incubated the cells with hydro - Cy3 and angiotensin II , which is a stimulator of reactive oxygen species that is implicated in the development of atherosclerosis and hypertension .
Results showed that cells incubated with angiotensin II and hydro - Cy3 displayed intense intracellular fluorescence , whereas control cells incubated with hydro - Cy3 and phosphate buffer saline displayed significantly lower fluorescence .
When they introduced TEMPOL , a molecule that intercepts the reactive oxygen species so that they cannot interact , the cells treated with angiotensin II and hydro - Cy3 displayed a dramatic decrease in fluorescence .
" This test demonstrated that the cellular fluorescence was due to intracellular reactive oxygen species production , " said Murthy .
" What was even more exciting was that we saw that once the hydrocyanine dye was oxidized , it stayed in the cell and the fluorescence was not extinguished by cellular metabolism , which is what happens with DHE . "
The researchers also investigated the ability of hydro - Cy3 to image reactive oxygen species production in live mouse aorta tissue , which exhibit a physiological environment that closely resembles in vivo conditions .
Explants were incubated with hydro - Cy3 and either lipopolysaccharide endotoxin ( LPS ) , an inflammatory molecule that binds to aortic cells and causes reactive oxygen species to be produced , or the control saline solution .
Samples treated with hydro - Cy3 and LPS showed fluorescence intensity almost four times greater than explants treated with hydro - Cy3 and saline .
Once more , adding TEMPOL to the sample with hydro - Cy3 and LPS decreased the fluorescence to a level comparable to the control saline explants .
After the successful cell culture and tissue experiments , the researchers progressed to in vivo mouse imaging studies .
Hydro - Cy7 was selected for the in vivo tests because of its higher emission wavelength of 760 nanometers .
LPS - treated mice showed twofold greater fluorescence intensity in the abdominal area than those treated with saline .
" Given their ability to detect reactive oxygen species in living cells , tissue samples and in vivo , we believe these dyes will enhance the ability of researchers to measure reactive oxygen species , " noted Murthy .
The researchers ' ultimate goal , though , is to use the dyes in clinical applications .
" We want to use these hydrocyanine dyes to detect overproduction of reactive oxygen species at an early stage inside the body so that we can identify patients who are more likely to suffer from these inflammatory diseases , " added Murthy .
I ’ve been hearing from a lot of friends lately that are just now beginning to look at maintaining an empty inbox throughout their day to day work .
Over the last year I have successfully implemented the concept of “ Inbox Zero ” , and additionally came up with a pretty good organizational plan , some email best practices , and tips to really sticking with maintaining an empty inbox which I have shared to great success with other programmers , designers , and business executives alike .
So in an effort to assist all of the recent converts to the “ Inbox Zero ” concept I will be writing a five part series over the next few weeks covering many of the concepts and daily practices of maintaining an empty , productive , and organized inbox that I have found to be so successful not only for myself but many others as well .
As the sections are released I will continue to append them to this entry to give you a single location you may go to reference in the future .
Depending on the demand , I may consider releasing the information in ebook format , with additional tips in the near future .
Stay tuned , the first post will be online within a few days .
This series is still under development , and links will be added to the table of contents as the sections are completed .
Stay Tuned !
TABLE OF CONTENTS
What It Feels Like Dealing with Incoming Email Styles for Organization Sending Effective Email Sticking with
It ( no such thing as partially done )
" You 've got gonorrhea ! "
As both the Internet and casual sex continue to rise in popularity , e-cards have also seen a rise in use .
But the e-cards that connect all of those things are n't your typical " Happy Birthday " with a picture of a cat popping out of a cake ; they 're aimed at notifying partners that they 've been exposed to a sexually - transmitted disease or infection .
This is how it works .
Sites like inSPOT offer a place for people to send the e-cards to up to six partners — or tricks — in order to inform them that they might have been exposed .
The cards can be sent from yourself or from an anonymous source , as to protect your privacy if you 're not yet comfortable revealing who you are .
inSPOT promises not to log any of your data or report anything to government officials — the site is aimed solely at informing others and helping people find places to get tested .
For now , inSPOT is limited to a handful of US cities ( San Francisco , New York , Chicago , Seattle , and more ) and a handful of states / provinces , plus Romania .
This is merely to offer those who have received a card to be able to find local information on how to get tested and receive treatment .
If you live outside one of those areas , you can still use the site to send an e-card , though the recipient will be on his or her own in order to find further information .
As for the reason why such a thing exists , it 's simple .
InSPOT director Deb Levine said that inspiration for the site came from the rise in Internet use along with an increase in syphilis among men who have sex with men .
She added that research indicated that men exposed to STDs usually failed to inform their partners about it .
" They did tell their partners , the people they saw every day , but they did n't take the time to follow up with other people they were having sex with , " Levine told the New York Times .
" They said to us , ' If there was an easy and convenient way to do it , we would . ' "
Of course , using a site like this requires you to know your partners ' e-mail addresses , which is n't always possible in this day and age .
But when presented with not informing a partner at all versus having the opportunity to do so online , more options are always better .
Of course , people who have been exposed to STDs could also take the less couth route by using someecards instead , but that would be ... well , not nice .
I ran across a press release on ScienceDaily.com this week that piqued my interest .
“ Acupuncture Stops Headaches , But ‘ Faked ’ Treatments Work Almost As Well ”
Really ?
Interesting headline , I thought to myself , and proceeded to ingest the release .
I have a love - hate relationship with acupuncture , you see .
I do n’t believe that it actually works .
The evidence certainly has n’t piled up in acupuncture ’s clinical favor .
Yet , I have a friend or two ( who I love dearly ) who attend acupuncture school , and plan to make the craft their careers .
So , I had to read on … maybe there is proof to my friends ’ claims .
The release discussed two clinical reviews : one related to acupuncture and migraines , the other to acupuncture and tension headaches .
The criteria for inclusion of trials in the review seemed fair enough .
The reviewers looked at all randomized studies with at least two month long observation periods comparing acupuncture treatment to control , sham treatment or another intervening treatment , like massage or relaxation .
The review of studies related to tension headaches found that acupuncture was better than treatment for acute headaches or simple routine care , and that real acupuncture was better ( marginally ) than sham acupuncture .
Interestingly , studies involving other treatments were considered too flawed to allow any conclusions to be drawn .
I find this unfortunate because one of the main questions related to acupuncture is whether the relaxation and skin palpation that takes place during the process of acupuncture might have something to do with the perceived results .
The migraine review concluded that acupuncture was helpful to migraine sufferers , but that real acupuncture was no better than sham acupuncture .
It is even questionable whether needle placement is important for positive results .
This suggests that there are other processes at work in the migraine mitigation .
Overall , the suggestion of the authors is that acupuncture is a useful addition to any migraine or tension headache treatment regime .
Alright , I thought , at least it does n’t appear to have any negative effects ( according to the reviews ) , and it might be better than dealing with the side - effects of drug - treatments .
Then I checked the authors ’ declaration of interest :
“ This review includes trials in which some of the reviewers were involved , as follows : Allais 2002 – Gianni Allais ; Jena 2008 – Benno Brinkhaus ; Linde K 2005 – Benno Brinkhaus and Klaus Linde ; Streng 2006 – Klaus Linde ; and Vickers 2004 – Andrew Vickers .
These trials were reviewed by at least two other members of the review team .
Gianni Allais , Benno Brinkhaus and Adrian
White use acupuncture in their clinical work .
Gianni Allais receives fees for teaching acupuncture in private schools .
Klaus Linde has received travel reimbursement and , in two cases , fees from acupuncture societies ( British , German and Spanish Medical Acupuncture Societies ; Society of Acupuncture Research ) for speaking about research at conferences .
Eric Manheimer and Andrew Vickers both received an honorarium for preparing and delivering presentations on acupuncture research at the 2007 meeting of the Society for Acupuncture Research .
Adrian
White is employed by the British Medical Acupuncture Society as journal editor and has received fees and travel reimbursements for lecturing on acupuncture on several occasions .
Benno Brinkhaus has received travel reimbursement and fees for presenting research findings at meetings of acupuncture societies ( British , German and Spanish Medical Acupuncture Societies ) . ”
Heh .
They ’ve all got a vested interest in the outcome of these reviews .
However , who better to review acupuncture research than acupuncturists ?
The experts in the field .
In my view , there is a conflict of interest here , which should be better conveyed to the public .
What do you think ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Senator John McCain said on Friday that President Barack Obama should include Republicans in his plans sooner if he really wants their support after the bitter debate over the $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill .
McCain , who lost the 2008 presidential election to Obama , and other Republicans complained they had been left out of negotiations on the legislation by Democrats who hold majorities in both houses of Congress .
McCain said the bill was filled with non-emergency spending paid for with borrowed money that future generations will have to pay back .
“ I think that the majority of people understand that this was generational theft , ” McCain told Reuters .
The Arizona senator said many other issues coming up will require a bipartisan effort that he said has been lacking so far from Obama and the Democrats .
“ I hope they ’ve learned a lesson , ” he said .
“ I hope that they will reverse course , and sit down , negotiate from the beginning , so you ’re in on the takeoff , so you can be in on the landing . ”
McCain met Obama two weeks after the November 4 election and agreed that “ Americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of Washington ” to solve urgent challenges .
Obama initially hoped for an overwhelming majority for passage of the stimulus bill , but the debate quickly dissolved into the traditional argument in which Democrats backed a package more weighted to spending programs and Republicans advocated tax cuts .
Acknowledging scaled - down ambitions for the vote , Obama on Thursday said “ I hope they act in a bipartisan fashion , but no matter how they act , ” the legislation should help the economy .
The stimulus bill ultimately passed the House of Representatives with no Republican support .
It was expected to garner the votes of three Republican moderates in the Senate .
“ No one could view this as having a scintilla of bipartisanship , ” said McCain , who has often annoyed his own Republican colleagues by working with the opposition party .
“ The message of the election was , sit down and work together .
They obviously are not doing that , ” he said .
( Editing by Alan Elsner )
Richard Cobbe ’s thesis looks interesting :
Mainstream object - oriented languages include a null value that inhabits every object type and that pervades programs .
It exists both because the language semantics requires it in certain places and because it is the most convenient representation for common patterns , such as for sentinel values indicating failure .
Safety requires implementations of these languages to insert run-time checks throughout programs to determine whether object references are null at each field lookup and method call .
The ubiquity of null in object - oriented programs leads to severe engineering problems for programmers .
First , the error messages issued by the run-time checks are typically not sufficiently informative to help the programmer find the source of the error .
Second , the type systems in OO languages generally do not distinguish null from other values of ( object ) type , preventing the programmer from stating important invariants about the flow of null in the type system .
Third , programmers ’ standard use of null as a sentinel does not unambiguously represent failures .
To resolve or avoid these ambiguities , component authors must incorporate additional complexity into their interfaces , and this complexity can lead to subtle bugs .
In this dissertation , we propose two changes to Java that allow us to completely remove the null value .
Doing so addresses the problems above and provides significant engineering benefits to the programmer .
Further , we demonstrate the practical feasibility of our proposal with a migration path that allows programmers to shift large codebases from Java to our new language , one class at a time .
Illustration by Steve O'Brien
THE BBC's “ Today ” programme is the main current - affairs show on British radio .
Last year it recruited a new presenter , Evan Davis , who is also an economist .
An amusing pattern has since developed .
Quizzed about the credit crunch , a politician delivers some carefully memorised remark about , say , quantitative easing .
Then the guest experiences an audible moment of existential horror , as Mr Davis ungallantly presses him for details .
The tide has gone out and , with a very few exceptions , Britain is swimming naked : almost nobody appears to know what he is talking about .
The havoc of the financial crisis has stretched and outstripped even most economists .
The British political class is befogged .
Ordinary people are overwhelmed .
And just as the interaction between banking and economic woes is proving poisonous , so the interplay of public and political ignorance is damaging the country 's prospects .
Start with the government , whose ministers are still oscillating between prophesying economic Armageddon and gamely predicting the best of all possible recoveries .
Gordon Brown is learned in economic history — indeed , he is at his most animated and endearing when discussing it .
But the prime minister 's grip on the history he is living through is less masterful .
The government 's implicit strategy is to try something and , when that does not work , try something else : the approach modestly outlined by Barack Obama , but rather less honest .
The Tories are now capitalising on this flakiness ; but for much of the past year , they have seemed at least as unconvincing .
It was only a few months ago that David Cameron , the Conservative leader , averred that — since the economy was purring so happily — his historic mission was to mend British society .
George Osborne , the shadow chancellor , clung for too long to his fair - weather formula about sharing the proceeds of non-existent growth .
Mr Cameron and Mr Osborne are vague about the methods they would employ to repair the public finances in office .
That sketchiness might be tactical .
Or it might be because they do not know .
The truth is that hardly any MPs in any party have more than a rudimentary grasp of the crisis ; indeed , their inability to track the City 's baroque excesses helped to foment it .
( The intellectual background of MPs , few of whom have much training in economics or commerce , may contribute to this deficiency . )
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrats ' treasury spokesman , has the best record in Parliament of predicting and analysing the debacle — and precisely because he is so lucid , he seems increasingly to be regarded as an impartial pundit rather than a politician .
Meanwhile , the bodies and advisers appointed by the politicians to do the understanding for them have been largely discredited .
The Bank of England obsessed about monetary policy and neglected financial stability .
Sir James Crosby quit as deputy head of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) amid embarrassing questions about risk - taking at the bank he used to run .
The involvement of Glen Moreno — chairman of Pearson , which part - owns The Economist — in UK Financial Investments , which manages the government 's new stakes in Britain 's banks , has been undermined by his association with secretive Liechtenstein .
A layman might conclude that there is almost no one in Britain capable of comprehending the financial mess , and at the same time sufficiently uncontaminated by the mistakes and ruses that caused it to be entrusted with the job of fixing it .
( Lord Turner , the FSA 's new chairman — who has admitted that financial regulators , among others , missed “ an increase in total system risk ” — may be a happy exception . )
It might help if ministers looked beyond the world of banking , of which they still seem to be in a sort of post - socialist awe , for more of their recruits .
The layman , however , may be as much to blame as anyone else .
If financial acumen is limited in the governing classes , it is at least as rare outside them .
In surveys , the economy has leapt to the top of voters ' concerns ; anxiety is rampant , fed no doubt by the unfortunate trend whereby half the things that “ experts ” say can never happen come to pass within a fortnight .
The public seem to appreciate that the crunch involves both foreign and domestic forces .
But to most people the rest is a mystery .
Along with the high anxiety , this uncertainty helps to explain the volatile political impact of the downturn : large numbers of people seem to be amenable to whatever explanation seems freshly plausible .
First thing we do , we hang all the bankers
The culprits many have now settled on are the bankers .
Some of those — unable to accept the reality of their institutions ' failure — deserve the opprobrium .
But the furore over their bonuses has obscured other realities .
One is the fact that , now that taxpayers own some of them , they have an interest in the banks being run by clever people ; another is the fundamental role banks play in the economy .
And because MPs are instinctively populist , as well as bemused themselves , they too have fixated on bonuses .
It is not only banking about which general knowledge seems poor : the same is true of the concept of money .
The nasty little secret of the slump is that by overborrowing and making myopic investments , lots of ordinary Britons helped to bring their difficulties on themselves .
Low levels of financial literacy ( knowing the difference between an ISA and an iPod , and so on ) are part of this problem .
But so is the cowardly reluctance of politicians to say unpalatable things .
The philosopher Bertrand Russell once remarked that he knew of only six people in the world who had followed his daunting book “ Principia Mathematica ” to the end .
There sometimes seem to be almost as few people in Britain who truly understand the credit crunch and its recessionary consequences .
The public is scared and uncertain ; the politicians are panicky and confused .
They are leading each other around and down a worrying spiral of ignorance .
The Retailers Association has called for hijabs , hoodies and helmets to be banned from shops and banks .
The Queensland - based organisation says it represents smaller , independent retailers in Australia .
Association executive director Scott Driscoll says the items could be used as a disguise by criminals .
Mr Driscoll says the issue is about security , not religion .
" We 're certainly getting reports from overseas that these pieces of clothing are actually being utilised by people that are not of the Muslim faith and certainly have ulterior motives , " he said .
" That 's bringing us to a point now of realising we need to be moving into the current times and addressing these things right across the board .
" It is not intended whatsoever to show disrespect to the Muslim community - indeed it 's the opposite .
" We want to protect the reputation of all good people in the community - we 've got the support and the backing of some senior Muslim leaders from across the country . "
The debate was triggered by on - air comments from a commercial radio presenter in Brisbane .
In Bed With is a unique collection of sexy short stories written anonymously by an extraordinary variety of award - wining , well - known and best - selling women novelists , spanning a range of genres - from literary fiction to crime , from historical to contemporary .
Click on the play button below to listen to the exclusive podcast of The Convenient Gardener , taken from In Bed With .
Warning contains strong language and explicit content
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Right click here and click ' Save target / link as ' to download
The authors have written under an x-rated pseudonym ( a combination of the name of their first pet and the first street they lived on ) , allowing them to write erotic fiction – many for the first time – with complete secrecy .
Anonymity has never been so sexy .
The question is can you work out who is who ?
Who wrote what ?
The novelists are :
Adele Parks
Ali Smith
Bella Pollen
Chris Manby
Daisy Waugh
Emma Darwin
Esther Freud
Fay Weldon
Jane Moore
Joan Smith
Joanne Harris
Justine Picardie
Louise Doughty
Rachel Johnson
Sanata Montefiore
Stella Duffy
Edited by Jessica Adams , Maggie Alderson , Imogen Edwards - Jones and Kathy Lette
In Bed With is published by Sphere
RRP £ 7.99 or buy from www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk for £ 7.50 ( incl P&P )
By MICHAEL HANLON
Last updated at 08:52 08 August 2007
To the human eye , a garden in bloom is a riot of colour .
Flowers jostle for our attention , utilising just about every colour of the rainbow .
But of course , it is not our attention they need to attract , but that of insects , the perfect pollinating agents .
And as these remarkable pictures show , there is more to many flowers than meets the eye - the human eye at least .
Many species , including bees , can see a broader spectrum of light than we can , opening up a whole new world .
The images , taken by Norwegian scientist - cameraman Bjorn Roslett , present a series of flowers in both natural and ultraviolet light , revealing an insect 's eye view .
Scroll down for more
Ultraviolet light , invisible to us , uncovers colours and patterns which drawthem to the source of pollen and nectar - all hidden to humans without special equipment .
This secret colour world was discovered in the Fifties and scientists realised that these distinct patterns were designed to act as " landing strips " or arrows , guiding the insects to the right spot .
Because we cannot see UV light , the colours in these photographs are representational , but the patterns are real .
Scroll down for more
' I have looked down at the grave of the Republican Party and this ai n’t it , ' assured Mississippi Gov. and 90s - era RNC chairman Haley Barbour , ' I ’ve seen it a lot worse . '
Republicans ask : Just how bad is it ?
Party leaders agree that the GOP has had a rough go of it at the polls in recent years .
How could they not ?
Advertisement
Since 2004 , Republicans have gone from 55 Senate seats to no more than 43 once this year 's last winners are determined , and from a 29 - seat edge in the House to a 30 seat hole .
And now they 've lost the presidency , too .
They differ , though , on whether the heavy losses Republicans suffered in the past two election cycles were a result of unique circumstances and the ever - swinging political pendulum or structural problems that could keep them shut out of power for years to come .
GOP officials and strategists at party conferences last week offered sharply contrasting assessments of what went wrong , and of how difficult it will be to rebuild .
Perhaps not surprisingly , the split tended to fall along generational lines .
Older party hands pointed to John McCain ’s lackluster campaign and the difficult terrain on which Republicans found themselves battling this year , and they eschewed any sky - is - falling rhetoric .
The up - and - comers , meanwhile , sounded the alarm of impending permanent minority status unless the party changes .
“ I have looked down at the grave of the Republican Party , and this ai n’t it , ” assured Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , who was RNC chairman in the 1990s .
“ I ’ve seen it a lot worse . "
Barbour , speaking last week on a panel session at the Republican Governors Association meeting in Miami devoted to sifting through this year ’s electoral destruction , recalled serving as executive director of his state party in the aftermath of President Nixon 's resignation , when Democrats elected 49 “ Watergate Babies ” to the House in 1974 .
It got so bad , Barbour recalled , that a task force was set up to consider whether Republicans should change their name .
As for this year , Barbour argued there was a way to defeat Obama — by rendering him unacceptable to American voters .
“ And the McCain campaign did not choose to try to make that argument , ” he observed .
RNC Chairman Mike Duncan , who has worked at the highest levels of Kentucky and national Republican politics for decades , expressed optimism about the GOP ’s prospects for the 2010 midterm elections , suggesting the GOP losses this year were a result of a toxic stew very much unique to the cycle .
“ The mood of the country is what was bad in this campaign , ” Duncan said in an interview at the governors meeting .
“ It was 90 - 10 wrong track , you had the war , we had the economy going south on us , we had the third - term curse , all those things . ”
What it was not , he insisted — offering post- election polling that showed voters still supported right - leaning positions , just not McCain , to make his case — was a rejection of the party ’s conservative philosophy .
“ If you look at the American electorate , and where they stand and what they believe , we ’re in good shape , ” he said .
A group of younger Republicans expressed a very different view , warning that the GOP was on the verge of irrelevance if it did not make changes to appeal to a changing electorate .
Minnesota Gov.
Tim Pawlenty opened up a luncheon speech to his fellow governors by noting that excuses could be made , citing the unpopularity of President Bush , the Iraq war and the poor state of the economy .
But , he continued , such a rationale was “ not fair and it ’s not complete . ”
The party 's problem , he said , is far more grave .
“ We can not be a majority governing party when we essentially cannot compete in the northeast ; we are losing our ability to compete in the Great Lakes states , we cannot compete on the West Coast , ” Pawlenty argued , also citing similar problems in the mid-Atlantic and the Mountain West .
“ Similarly , we cannot compete and prevail as a majority governing party when we have a significant deficit as we do with woman , where we have a large deficit with Hispanics , where we have a large deficit with African - American voters , where we have a large deficit with people of modest incomes . ”
While just 43 percent of whites voted for Obama , white votes now make up just 74 percent of the electorate , down from 89 percent in 1980 .
And that trend is accelerating .
Just since 2003 , whites ' share of the electorate fell 4 percentage points , while the share of blacks , Latinos and Asians increased by 3 points , to 23 percent , and gave the Democrat 95 percent , 66 percent and 61 percent support respectively .
Later , talking to reporters , Pawlenty put it more plainly : “ The Republican Party is going to need more than just a comb - over . ”
He does n’t advocate for a major ideological shift — few prominent voices in the party are — but rather for aggressively offering solutions on issues such as health care , energy and education that have been viewed as Democratic turf .
Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr. made a similar case .
“ I ’m not one who buys the idea that it ’s just an aberration , ” Huntsman said , speaking at a news conference during the RGA meetings .
Like Pawlenty , Huntsman said Republicans had to come to terms with a country increasingly different from the one that , until this year , had favored Republicans in seven of the past 10 presidential elections .
" We ’re fundamentally staring down a demographic shift that we ’ve never seen before in America , ” he observed .
Huntsman singled out the environment as one issue that was doing severe damage to the party , especially among younger voters , who supported Obama by overwhelmingly numbers .
" We as Republicans ca n’t shy away from speaking the word ' environment , ' and we should n’t shy away from speaking the words ' climate change , ' " Huntsman told reporters .
" When you ’ve got a body of science that already is rendering certain judgments about what is happening in our world , for us to shy away , say it does n’t matter as an issue , I think is foolhardy , it ’s shortsighted and it ’s bound to do us damage in the longer term . "
In some sense , the proponents of each viewpoint are espousing the role demanded by their individual prospects .
As prospective 2012 presidential candidates and relatively young governors , Pawlenty , 47 , and Huntsman , 48 , want to be seen as figures who can lead the comeback , while Duncan , who is pursuing another term as party chairman , is best served to downplay the losses that took place on his watch this cycle .
Other younger Republicans , though , share the position that the GOP 's problems are substantial .
At a “ lessons - learned ” conference in South Carolina over the weekend comprised of GOP state chairman and other prominent party activists , there was widespread sentiment that Republicans had a serious problem on their hands .
“ I think one of the biggest things we ’re facing is a lack of credibility , ” observed Pete Ricketts , the 44 - year - old former COO of Ameritrade who lost to Nebraska Sen .
Ben Nelson in 2006 .
“ The American people do n’t trust us , they do n’t believe what we ’re going to say . ”
Ricketts , now a Republican national committeeman , recalled conversations he ’d have with Democratic friends in the days leading up to the election that he said underscore the enormity of the party ’s poor brand name .
“ They would say , ‘ Look , the Republican Party is supposed to be about fiscal responsibility and you oversaw a huge increase in spending ; you ’re supposed to be really good at managing the economy , yet we ’ve got this financial meltdown ; you ’re supposed to be good at defense , but the first few years of the war were not managed well . ' ”
Robin Smith , 45 , who chairs the Republican Party in Tennessee , one of the few states where the party made gains this year , capturing the state House and state Senate for the first time since Reconstruction with a conservative message that plays well in the South .
But Smith was frank about what it may take for the GOP to be rejuvenated elsewhere .
“ I think the Republican Party now is at a point in its life in maturity where we ’re going to have to have regional messages , ” she said , speaking in between sessions at the conference near Myrtle Beach .
In many regions , though , the party is struggling .
With Chris Shays losing his bid for an 11th term in Connecticut , the party is now entirely shut out of the House 's New England delegation for the first time since the founding of the party .
The party should not compromise its core “ DNA ” of small government and lower taxes , Smith added , but ought to allow for some deviation where politically necessary .
“ We ca n’t just hang our hat on one social message , ” she said .
Back at the governors conference , GOP pollster Frank Luntz , 46 , warned that not only were the party ’s problems real and profound , but that they were urgent , too .
Noting that redistricting — the decennial process under which the party that controls the state can redraw voting districts to consolidate its own power — was coming up after the 2010 Census , Luntz made the case that the GOP is in “ deep trouble . ”
Republicans , though , now control just 21 governorships , and Democrats rule over nearly twice as many state legislatures , and every one in the east north of Virginia except for Pennsylvania .
“ Republicans got destroyed in 1964 , they had three election cycles to catch up , " he said .
" We got destroyed in 1974 , we have three election cycles to catch up .
They ’ve been destroyed in 2006 and 2008 — they have only one election cycle left . ”
It formed part of a broader personal philosophy that Mr. Naess called ecosophy T , “ a philosophy of ecological harmony or equilibrium ” that human beings can comprehend by expanding their narrow concept of self to embrace the entire planetary ecosystem .
The term fused “ ecological ” and “ philosophy . ”
The T stood for Tvergastein , his name for the mountain cabin he built in 1937 in southern Norway , where he often wrote .
Image Arne Dekke Eide Naess Credit ...
Erlend Aas / Scanpix Norway , 2004
Arne Dekke Eide Naess was born in Slemdal , near Oslo , in 1912 .
His older brother was the shipping tycoon Erling Naess , who died in 1993 .
After earning a degree from the University of Oslo in 1933 Arne Naess continued his education in Paris and in Vienna , where he became part of the Vienna Circle , a philosophical school dedicated to empiricism and logical analysis .
In the belief that philosophers should be self - aware , he also underwent psychoanalysis .
After completing “ Knowledge and Scientific Behavior , ” his dissertation , in German , he was given a teaching position at the University of Oslo , where , as Norway ’s only professor of philosophy until 1954 , he was the animating figure in the Oslo School .
Working in teams , the Oslo School ’s adherents used questionnaires to investigate the meanings that ordinary people assigned to terms like “ truth , ” “ free enterprise ” and “ democracy . ”
In 1958 he founded the journal Inquiry .
Over his career , Mr. Naess progressed from a radical empiricism to pluralism and skepticism .
In his many publications , he took on a wide variety of philosophical problems .
Harold Glasser , the editor of “ The Selected Works of Arne Naess ” ( 2005 ) , has called him “ the philosophical equivalent of a hunter - gatherer . ”
He was interested in language , meaning and communication , a subject he wrote about in “ Interpretation and Preciseness ” ( 1953 ) and “ Communication and Argument ” ( 1966 ) , and in the relationship between reason and feeling .
He also wrote books on two thinkers central to his worldview , Spinoza and Gandhi .
In 1969 Mr. Naess left the university to develop his ecological ideas , which , he believed , demanded political action .
With other environmentalists , he chained himself to rocks in front of the Mardal waterfall , successfully pressing the Norwegian government to abandon plans for a dam on the fjord that feeds the falls .
He also wrote extensively on the ethics of mountaineering , a field in which he had considerable expertise .
In 1950 he led the first expedition to climb Tirich Mir , a 25,000 - foot peak in the Hindu Kush in Pakistan .
A team of undergrads at MIT -- led by Shakeel Avadhany and Zack Anderson -- has produced a prototype of a shock absorber for vehicles which can harness and generate electricity back into the vehicle .
The team claims that their prototype increases a vehicle 's fuel - efficiency by up to 10 percent by using a " hydraulic system that forces fluid through a turbine attached to a generator . "
There is an active electronic system for controlling and optimizing the damping for a smoother ride than regular old shocks .
The team is actively seeking to develop and commercialize the product , and have already seen interest in the prototype from the United States military and also several manufacturers of trucks , which see the most benefit from the shocks ... so look for these guys on Grave Digger any day now .
Associated Press : Proposed Fee on Smelly Cows , Hogs Angers Farmers , by Bob Johnson :
For farmers , this stinks : Belching and gaseous cows and hogs could start costing them money if a federal proposal to charge fees for air - polluting animals becomes law .
Farmers so far are turning their noses up at the notion , which is one of several put forward by the Environmental Protection Agency after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2007 that greenhouse gases emitted by belching and flatulence amounts to air pollution .
" This is one of the most ridiculous things the federal government has tried to do , " said Alabama Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks , an outspoken opponent of the proposal
It would require farms or ranches with more than 25 dairy cows , 50 beef cattle or 200 hogs to pay an annual fee of about $ 175 for each dairy cow , $ 87.50 per head of beef cattle and $ 20 for each hog .
The Oscar nominees were announced this morning , which means it ’s time to get out your scorecards to see who ’s winning in the eternal struggle between the MPAA vs. the Internet .
( Hint : It ’s not the MPAA . )
I ’ve been tracking the distribution of Oscar - nominated films every year , culminating with the release of six years of piracy data last year .
I ’ve updated those spreadsheets with this year ’s 26 nominees , for a total of 211 films from the last seven years .
You can view or download all the data below , including a second sheet with some interesting aggregate stats .
As always , I ’ll keep it updated until the Oscar broadcast .
View full - size on Google Spreadsheets .
Download : Excel ( with formulas ) or CSV
Findings
So , how did they do ?
Out of 26 nominated films , an incredible 23 films are already available in DVD quality on nomination day , ripped either from the screeners or the retail DVDs .
( All 26 were available by February 7 . )
This is the highest percentage since I started tracking .
Only three films are unavailable — Rachel Getting Married was n’t leaked online in any form , while Changeling is only available as a low - quality telecine transfer and Australia as a terrible quality camcorder recording .
( Update : A DVD screener of Australia was leaked on January 23 , a retail DVD rip of Changeling on January 31 , and finally , the retail DVD of Rachel Getting Married on February 7 . )
Other findings :
Academy members received screeners for at least 20 of the 26 films .
25 out of 26 films leaked in some form online , if you include camcorder recordings .
The average time from the time screeners are received by Academy members to its leak online is 6 days .
Surprisingly , it seems like this year ’s Oscar movies took longer to leak online than in previous years .
If I had to guess , it ’s because far fewer camcorder copies were released for this year ’s nominees .
This could be because of the theaters cracking down on camcorder recordings , but I suspect it ’s because fewer nominees were desirable targets this year for cams .
( Aside from the obvious blockbusters , like Dark Knight , Kung Fu Panda , and Tropic Thunder . )
The chart below shows the median number of days from a movie ’s US release date to its first leak online .
Last year , one of the interesting findings was how the release of Region 5 DVDs were reducing the prestige of official screener leaks .
This year , only four of the nominated films were released as R5s , compared to eight from last year .
The numbers are still too small to tell if this is a trend , but it seems like the popularity of the R5 may have peaked in 2007 .
( Are the studios releasing fewer R5s in general ? )
What other trends in the data am I missing ?
Feel free to chime in with your conclusions or visualizations in the comments .
Methodology
As usual , I included the feature films in every category except documentary and foreign films .
I used Yahoo !
Movies for US release dates , always using the first available date , even if it was a limited release .
Cam , telesync , R5 , and screener leak dates were almost universally taken from VCD Quality .
I used the first leak date , with the exception of unviewable or incomplete nuked releases .
Finally , the official screener dates came from Academy member Ken Rudolph , who lists the date he receives every screener on his personal homepage .
Thanks again , Ken !
For previous years , see 2004 , 2005 , 2007 , 2008 ( part 1 and part 2 ) .
Update :
The screener for Australia was released today , so I added that date to the spreadsheet , along with some missing retail DVD dates from last year ’s Oscars .
February 3 , 2009 : Some related links of interest …
I was interviewed for Future Tense on American Public Media , talking about this entry .
Bruce Lidl looked at leaks in the Foreign and Documentary categories , as well as how quickly HD - quality leaks are happening .
Finally , Flowing Data is sponsoring a contest to generate information visualizations from this data .
CALIFORNIA GOP TO PUNISH MODERATES ….
It ’s amusing to consider how the beginning of this excerpt relates to the end of this excerpt .
( thanks to reader G.B. for the heads - up )
The 1,400 Republican activists heading to Sacramento this weekend for the twice - yearly GOP convention will be united by a single concern : how to lift the state party out of the deep hole it ’s dug in recent years .
Reeling from their failed attempt to block tax increases in the state budget , their worst presidential defeat in decades , losing seats in the Legislature and watching party membership shrink , California Republicans know something has to be done soon if the party wants to hang on to what ’s left of its statewide clout .
“ We have to get out of the doldrums from the November election , ” said Tom Del Beccaro of Lafayette , the party ’s vice chair .
“ We need to rally people . ”
That wo n’t be easy .
The convention opened Friday , just a day after Democrats — and Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger — steamrolled over GOP opposition and managed to pass a state budget plan that included tax hikes opposed by all but a handful of Republican legislators .
Convention delegates are expected to vote Sunday on a motion to censure the six Republicans who voted for the tax increases .
Move Over Gore : Bjork Becomes Newest Cleantech Celebrity VC
January 5th , 2009 by Jennifer Kho
Think of Björk and the Icelandic musician ’s bizarre videos , eccentric clothing and eclectic music might spring to mind .
Now she ’s bringing a new theme to her persona : money .
Reykjavik , Iceland - based Audur Capital is raising money for its second venture - capital fund , named Björk , focused on greentech startups ( via Earth2Tech and The New York Times ) .
The singer and Audur jointly established the fund to help turn around Iceland ’s economy , which was crushed by the country ’s banking collapse in the fall .
Audur seeded the fund , expected to close in March , with an investment of 100 million Icelandic kronur ( about $ 816,330 ) .
Björk is the latest of a handful of celebrities to cross over into venture capitalism .
Take Bono , lead singer for U2 , who joined Elevation Partners in 2004 , or Al Gore – admittedly more knowledgeable on environmental policy – who is a partner at both Kleiner Perkins Caulfield & Byers and Generation Investment Management .
Björk ’s interest in nature and the environment is hardly new , and it goes beyond her morphing into a polar bear in her video for “ Hunter , ” wearing a swan dress at the Oscars or singing “ Nature is Ancient . ”
The musician joined the Nattura campaign to protect Iceland ’s environment and spoke against Iceland ’s aluminum industry , saying that smelting is damaging the country ’s geothermal and other resources .
She staged a concert to raise environmental awareness and teamed up with Radiohead ’s Thom Yorke on a single called “ Nattura ” to benefit the nonprofit campaign .
But even given her interest in the environment , plenty of questions remain :
What does Björk know about technology , the business of greentech or venture capital ?
Will her name and reputation be enough to attract successful startups to her namesake fund ?
And , finally , will her “ Army of Me ” be able to help environmentalists change “ Human Behavior ” for the better ?
Image Credit – verapalsdottir via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Private security guards in Cleveland could soon have more firepower and bullets in their holsters .
City Council 's Public Safety Committee discussed a proposal Wednesday that would allow security guards to upgrade their weapons from .38 - caliber revolvers to 9 mm semiautomatic pistols .
The committee tabled the proposal until it can be amended to include a training requirement and a more specific description of the guns that would be allowed .
Currently , security guards can carry the revolvers and must qualify every year at the Police Department shooting range .
That city ordinance was passed in 1976 .
Those licensed to carry the guns number 957 .
The proposed new policy states that security guards cannot carry a firearm greater than a 9 mm , which is the standard weapon carried by Cleveland cops .
Also , they would have up to two days to notify the city if they fired their weapons .
Councilman Anthony Brancatelli sponsored the proposal and acknowledged the request came on behalf of private firms .
The new policy would allow security guards to carry the same weapons Cleveland police use , he said .
Safety Director Martin Flask opposed the proposal and said it needs two changes before the mayor 's office can support it : to require increased safety training and to require guards to notify police immediately if the weapons are fired outside a training range .
When Cleveland police switched to semiautomatic pistols in 1989 , officers needed 32 hours of training before getting their upgraded gun , he said .
It is rare that security guards shoot their guns for work - related incidents , Flask said .
Flask noted that nothing in the proposed ordinance would allow people to sidestep any other city , state or federal requirement for carrying firearms .
Michael Griffin , 11th Administrator of NASA , at his Senate confirmation hearing on April 12 , 2005 .
Former NASA AdministratorMike Griffin is unshakably opposed to switching from NASA 's Ares I rocket to anupgraded Air Force Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle , or EELV .
A chief reason : crewsafety .
The ColumbiaAccident Investigation Board recommended that NASA retire its aging shuttlefleet as soon as possible .
The design of any replacement " should giveoverriding priority to crew safety , " the board said .
" Our probabilisticrisk assessment for loss of crew on Ares Ishowed it to be twice as safe - I repeat , twice as safe - as a human - ratedEELV - derived vehicle , " Griffin saidrecently .
" This figure of meritwas a significant factor in our decision to go with the shuttle - derived Ares I , yet is ignored by almost everyone suggesting we make a change , " he said .
" I cannot responsibly ignore it , for reasons having nothing to do withmoney . "
Newsman : Stick with ' single stick '
Longtime NBCNews correspondent Jay Barbree thinks NASA should stick with the " single stick " rocket rather than shift to modified military rockets .
A Merritt Island resident whohas covered NASA for more than half a century , Barbree favors the Ares I rocketbecause it is designed to fly astronauts rather than satellites .
" The thing to do iscontinue on the track that they 're on , " he said .
" The quicker theycan get the space shuttle retired and get the Orionspacecraft built , the better off this country is going to be . "
He also thinks it 's time toventure once again beyond Earth 's orbit .
" Earth is a spacecraftthat 's 8,000 miles in diameter , and all of us are on it .
But it wo n't lastforever , " he said .
" It 's our cradle .
But we can not live in a cradleforever . "
Keep our options open , Mars urges
Charles Mars is big onoptions , and he thinks the Obama administration should consider launchingNASA 's Orion space capsules on military rockets already flying from CapeCanaveral .
A retired NASA engineer whoworked on Mercury , Gemini , Apollo , Skylab , the shuttle and Space StationFreedom , Mars wants a committee to be formed to " take a look at the DeltaIV and Atlas V and see if there is an alternative " to NASA 's Ares Irocket .
NASA should extend theshuttle program and see if military rockets might obviate the need to pay Russiato fly U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station , the Titusvilleresident said .
" We do n't need to berelying on the Russians or anybody else to help our space program , " Marssaid .
" To have to depend on them to take our astronauts and our logisticsup is just not good . "
Clickhere to view Florida Today ?s Flame Trench
Blog for a larger view ofthe paper ?s Rocket Comparison Chart and link to PDF version .
Video - Mock Orion Capsule Crashes to Earth
Video - NASA 's Constellation Journey Begins : Part 1 , Part 2
Video - Back to the Moon with NASA 's Constellation
Publishedunder license from FLORIDA TODAY .
Copyright ?
2009 FLORIDA TODAY .
No portion of this material may bereproduced in any way without the written consent of FLORIDA TODAY .
Your Days of Cleaning the Litter Box are Numbered !
Taught my cat to use toilet with this system .
My cat is 1 yrs old and she has picked up on potty training so well and fast .
This kit comes with the perfect inserts for toilet training .
We are about a month or so into potty training and so far so good .
I 'm down to the last ring , I do suggest leaving the second - to - last ring in for a week longer than suggested .
But other than that this product is perfect .
I have 3 cats and 2 bathrooms .
I began the training process per the instructions treating my kitties as I introduced them to the new concept and praising them for using the petty litter tray .
We are on Day 3 and so far they are adapting extremely well .
I am very pleased with CitiKitty .
Takes time and patience .
But she is potty trained .
Life is much easier without using a litter box .
How CitiKitty Works >>
Gorgeous George just cannot help himself .
Describing the huge convoy he is leading to Gaza , packed with food , clothes and medical supplies , he begins with a proud recital of the statistics : " One hundred vehicles .
A mile long .
Aid worth a million pounds . "
If he smiles like a cat that 's got the cream , who can argue ?
The help is needed .
The vehicles – trucks , cars , ambulances , fire engines , even a boat for the fishermen – that left London yesterday at the start of a three - week overland journey have been donated and are crewed by volunteers , in a spontaneous gesture he claims to have inspired but not to control .
But this is George Galloway .
You 'll find him at the head of the column , where the cameras can see him .
Driving a Mercedes 4x4 .
This being George , he has a Winnebago motorhome in which to sleep while everyone else has to kip down in tents or in their cabs .
" I am 54 years of age , " he says with a look that dares a challenge .
" I do have to appear on television when we stop . "
He will actually fly back to London for three days a week , to host radio shows and his surgery as MP for Bethnal Green and Bow , while the others press on .
This being George , there has to be hyperbole .
" This is a vast armada , the biggest convoy of British vehicles to cross North Africa since Montgomery and the Eighth Army . "
His grandfather Tommy was there .
" I grew up with his lovely black - and - white pictures of the desert . "
And , being George , he cannot help himself from turning up the heat .
Most of those who are going with him are British Muslims .
" If I had said to the youth , ' Right , break out the Kalashnikovs , we 're heading for Palestine , ' they would have been there .
The people are boiling mad . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Galloway raised the most support for his idea in " the big industrial cities of the North " – speaking to a thousand people in a warehouse in Bolton , for example .
" There is such anger at Britain 's role .
All the public money the Government has spent on checking the radicalisation of Muslim youth has gone up in smoke [ since Israel began its attacks ] .
The idea that Muslims are going to watch that on the television every night and not be radicalised is completely fanciful . "
He goes further .
" There is a kind of intifada among the youth .
They are determined to act . "
Inflammatory stuff – except that Galloway , who has courted this audience to great effect since alienating himself from mainstream party politics , insists he is offering the angry another way .
" We say , ' Do n't be lured by the siren voices of separatism and extremism – join with us and express your anger politically , in a way that will be peaceful , non-violent , and not cost you your life , but will not cost other people their lives either .
If the Government had any sense , they would be facilitating this convoy . "
It 's not , of course .
The rich accent is that of a Scotsman like Gordon Brown , but fraternal feelings go no further .
Galloway was born in Dundee in 1954 , and joined the Labour Party just 13 years later .
He represented Glasgow seats as an MP from 1987 to 2005 , by which time he had been expelled from the party for bringing it into disrepute – essentially , because he dared to oppose the invasion of Iraq .
Later , accused of profiting personally from the UN Oil - for - Food programme , he was summoned to appear before a US Senate committee .
That was when the rest of the world discovered the cigar - chomping , finger - waving magnificence of the orator in full flow .
See it on YouTube today .
Yes , he had met Saddam , he said , exactly the same number of times as the US Secretary of Defense .
" The difference is that Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns . "
Afterwards , Galloway stood victorious on Capitol Hill , having won new fans – even among the previously reluctant – by sticking it to the senators .
At his office in Portcullis House there are pictures of Palestine and an action doll of Fidel Castro .
George – nicknamed Gorgeous because of his dress sense – is in a black suit with a thick pinstripe and a black shirt .
His silver beard is closely cropped .
We meet two days before the departure of the convoy .
Is this really the best way to get aid there ?
No .
" It 's definitely not the most efficient way , " he admits .
" But it is the only way for ordinary citizens to do it . "
Anywhere else , there would be a Berlin - style airlift , he says .
" Almost every window has been broken but Israel refuses to allow glass across the border .
So , in the bitter winter , 61,000 families whose homes have been destroyed are living among the rubble and the rest are freezing because they 've got no windows .
You could solve that problem in a weekend , but because it is the Palestinians it does n't happen . "
The volunteers are taking their own aid .
" What we asked people to bring was bedclothes , clothes , nappies , food and medical equipment . "
Does he really expect to be allowed in ?
" I do , actually .
My prediction is that by the time we arrive in Gaza there will be a 12 - month ceasefire . "
If not , they will wait there until let in .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
All this makes you wonder what his constituents get out of the MP , the only one from a party that shares top billing on ballot papers , as Respect ( George Galloway ) .
It sounds unlikely but he insists he wakes up in the constituency every day , goes to his office there , then to the Commons , then drives up north to speak at meetings if necessary , then drives back .
" Nobody in this country has done the miles , over the hours , that I have . "
That can't be good for your love life .
Galloway was married for 20 years , and has a daughter by his first wife , Elaine .
He married the biologist Amineh Abu - Zayyad in 2000 , but last month they were divorced .
Two years ago he had a son with his former researcher , Rima Husseini .
" Yeah , " he says , " it 's hard to have a peaceful and harmonious private life in those circumstances .
The most I 'll say is that it has not been particularly harmonious . "
If Galloway is " the most in - demand public speaker in the country " , we all know why .
Meeow .
Whatever he does now , he will never escape his extraordinary performance on Celebrity Big Brother two years ago , dancing in a leotard and pretending to be a cat , licking milk from the palm of Rula Lenska .
Emerging from the house to boos , he said : " Oh dear . "
" There were three reasons for doing it , " he says .
" One was to raise a substantial amount of money for the refugees in Gaza .
Then to use my fee to employ extra staff in my constituency office , which I have done .
And to reach a wider audience in Britain with the approach we take to things . "
What , the feline approach ?
" Whatever you think , all three goals were achieved .
People in motorway service stations who would n't know any other politician know me . "
They know what he looks like in skin - tight red Lycra .
It 's not a sight that is easily forgotten .
He looked a total fool .
But he really does n't like being told this .
His drawl becomes the urgent , irritated voice of the debater .
" Everyone looks a fool when they have to dress up . "
Had he the claws and not just the manner of Shere Khan , they would come out .
" But anyway , whatever you think , I did it .
I know what was achieved by it .
One can never calibrate what was lost by it . "
So it did do harm ?
" I agree with you there are people – a substantial number of people , no doubt – who so disapproved of Big Brother that it alienated them from our political approach .
The balance in my opinion is positive . "
Really ?
" I would n't do it again , mind . "
No .
After Big Brother , everything he does will be seen as attention seeking , surely ?
" Among a certain class of people .
Not to the thousands who come to my public meetings .
Or the hundreds of thousands who listen to my radio show .
That 's my audience .
Can I say this without being rude ?
I kind of do n't care what the Independent on Sunday reader who thinks like that thinks of me . "
Charming .
" This is why I was reluctant to see you .
Far from courting this interview , my inclination was not to do it .
I gave up long ago caring about these kind of cynical attitudes .
I do what I think is right and people will judge me on that . "
They certainly will .
" Somebody once shouted at Harold Wilson , ' You 're only looking for votes . '
He said : ' I 'd be a bloody stupid politician that was n't . '
Am I looking for publicity ?
I 'd be a bloody stupid political leader that was n't . "
Barcelona have long been viewed by the partisan Madrid press as chokers , and the latest results from La Liga will only encourage the baying mob further .
The league leaders , who have been unassailable at home recently , lost 2 - 1 to bottom side Espanyol leaving Real Madrid to close the gap to seven points by thumping Real Betis 6 - 1 .
As well as the psychological damage caused , the defeat is doubly humiliating for Barça in that they lost to their local rivals while losing ground to their national rivals .
There is also the trifling matter that Espanyol have been struggling all season and a supremely talented team such as Barcelona would rightly regard them as cannon fodder .
In only their second defeat of the campaign , a nervous Barcelona fell apart either side of half - time .
Seydou Keita was sent off just before the break and then former Barcelona player Ivan de la Pena scored twice just after the restart .
Yaya
Toure pulled one back just past the hour but unlike last week 's tense draw with Betis , Barcelona could n't find the equaliser .
Real took full advantage with an impressive display , Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Raul both scoring twice with Gonzalo Higuain and Sergio Ramos also on target , all before half - time .
Real have been a resurgent side under new manager Juande Ramos , but until now their hopes of catching Barça would have been dismissed by anyone outside the capital .
Now , though , anything seems possible and Barcelona fans will have been uncomfortably reminded of the 2006 - 7 season , when a draw with Espanyol left the title open for Fabio Capello 's Real , in an incident described as the ' Fuck of the century ' by the Spanish press .
“ This board , historically , has been viewed as a board that was there on paper , ” said Charles M. Elson , a corporate governance expert at the University of Delaware , who owns shares in Bank of America and voted against the Merrill merger .
“ But the question has been how active they have been in overseeing the C.E.O. ? ”
Bank of America ’s board is an eclectic group , and it will grow larger this week when it adds three members from the board of Merrill .
The bank ’s two most powerful directors , O. Temple Sloan Jr. and Meredith R. Spangler , are close to Mr. Lewis ’s predecessor , Hugh L. McColl Jr. , who began building the company into the banking giant that it is today .
Mr. McColl , still an influential pillar at the bank , has said in recent days that he supports Mr. Lewis .
But if he changed his mind , Mr. Sloan and Mrs. Spangler would likely follow his lead , according to people with knowledge of the board ’s thinking .
Four of the current members were around a decade ago when the bank took its current name after acquiring a California rival .
Another handful joined in 2004 , when Bank of America acquired FleetBoston .
Another was an executive at MBNA , the credit card company the bank acquired , aiming to build the bank into a credit card powerhouse .
Aside from Mr. Lewis , only two people on the board  the former chief of FleetBoston and a former senior executive of MBNA  have roots in banking .
While Wall Street is rife with tales of bank and brokerage directors who deferred to executives seeking faster growth through ever - riskier business , Bank of America ’s shareholder advocates have grown increasingly concerned about the board ’s ability to understand financial risks and rein in managers .
Until recently , Mr. Lewis was hailed as one of the saviors of Wall Street .
He bought the troubled mortgage lender Countrywide and agreed to buy Merrill at the height of the financial crisis with no federal support .
But by the time the merger closed , Merrill ’s losses were larger than expected .
The government soon handed Bank of America another multibillion - dollar cash infusion .
Hey , when I throw a party , it 's only the finest for my guests .
That means boxed wine and all the cheap beer you can drink served in these elegant Piss Glasses .
[ Donkey Products via Szymon ]
Advertisement
Ramir , a 6 - week - old Indian rhinoceros , drank three bottles of milk from one of his caretakers , Marcia Diehl , a San Diego Zoo 's Wild Animal Park keeper .
The male calf is being bottle - fed more than a gallon of milk five times per day .
You wo n't see Ramir crying over the milk he 's spilling - there 's plenty more where that came from !
Protein and exercise keep this baby as slim as he his .
Photos by Ken Bohn , San Diego Zoo's Wild Animal Park
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Esa 's director general wants another vintage year Europe will launch two flagship space telescopes this year , and three satellites that will acquire key data about ice , gravity and soils on Earth .
European Space Agency boss Jean - Jacques Dordain set out his priorities for 2009 at a Paris briefing on Wednesday .
He said 2008 's successes , which saw the Columbus science lab attached to the space station , were " exceptional " .
" Last year was really an outstanding vintage , " he added .
" But there 'll be no breathing space going forward . "
Esa activity this year will witness the recruitment of new astronauts and the start of Soyuz launches from the European spaceport at Kourou in French Guiana .
The Soyuz initiative has required considerable investment at Kourou , to construct facilities that are a facsimile of those at the Russian rocket 's traditional home of Baikonur , Kazakhstan .
Goce will map variations in the Earth 's gravity field " This will be a significant milestone in many ways , " explained Mr Dordain .
" We really do need Soyuz because at least half of Esa missions are due for launch on Soyuz , whether that be scientific missions or Galileo [ satellite - navigation ] satellites . "
On the much - delayed Galileo programme , Mr Dordain said 2009 would be marked by positive progress , with the first contracts to build the system finally awarded in the coming months .
Esa is a buoyant organisation at the moment .
Last year , it not only delivered Columbus to the space station but flew its space freighter , the ATV , to the platform for the first time .
If all goes to plan , 2009 will see the maiden launch of Vega
The cargo ship , which performed flawlessly , will become the main way of resupplying the ISS when the US shuttle fleet retires .
And in November , the 18 member - states of Esa agreed to pump 10bn euros into the organisation to fund programmes over the next three - to - five years .
Ministers said increased spending on hi-tech space industries would help Europe ride out the effects of the global economic slowdown .
But Mr Dordain said he was mindful of the difficult circumstances being experienced by many small enterprises operating in the space sector .
He said it was imperative that Esa handled contracts properly , and encouraged prompt payment of bills .
" I am thinking particularly of small suppliers , SMEs , which are very important for us here at Esa , " he explained .
" They provide us with the technology we need .
As they are small companies , they are far more fragile and vulnerable , especially in cash terms .
I certainly do n't want Esa to cause problems for companies such as these . "
Some Esa highlights for 2009 will include : Big vision :
The mirror for Herschel is bigger even than Hubble 's Herschel :
The space telescope will launch in the spring on an Ariane 5 .
The telescope is dedicated to observing the Universe at far - infrared wavelengths .
This will allow it , for example , to see through the dust that obscures the earliest phases of star and planetary formation .
Planck :
This telescope will ride into space with Herschel on the same Ariane .
It will study the cosmic microwave background radiation .
Sometimes referred to as the " first light " in the Universe , the CMB carries information about the earliest structures in the cosmos .
Soyuz : The Russian rocket will start launching from Europe 's Kourou spaceport .
Because rockets launched close to the equator get a favourable " kick " from the Earth 's rotation , Soyuz at Kourou will have increased capacity .
In 2010 , Soyuz will start launching operational Galileo satellites .
Vega :
This is Europe 's newest rocket .
It is currently scheduled to make its maiden flight from Kourou in December .
Vega will be used for smaller payloads that have struggled recently to find an available launcher .
Vega is part of Europe 's policy of having " guaranteed access " to space .
Frank de Winne will command Expedition 21 on the ISS Frank De Winne : The Belgian astronaut will become the first European commander of the International Space Station .
He will launch to the orbiting platform on a Soyuz in May .
His tour of duty will last roughly six months .
He will have a five - person crew under his charge .
Goce :
The wedge - shaped satellite will be the first of Esa 's Earth Explorers to go into orbit .
The spacecraft will map subtle differences in the pull of gravity across the Earth 's surface .
The data will reveal new details about ocean behaviour and underpin a universal system of height measurement .
Smos : Esa 's Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity mission has been designed to observe soil moisture over the Earth 's landmasses and salinity over the oceans .
It will improve our understanding of the Earth 's water cycle and ocean circulation patterns .
Cryosat - 2 : The first Cryosat mission was destroyed on launch .
Esa member states agreed that its mission was important enough to demand a re-build .
The endeavour will measure the rates of change of land and marine ice thickness very precisely .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NAGOYA , Japan , Jan 12 ( Reuters ) - Toyota shock has hit Japan ’s car manufacturing district , leaving factories and small businesses reeling as orders dry up due to a global recession that has put the brakes on car sales worldwide .
Toyota is firing thousands of contract workers , causing a rise in the number of jobless and homeless .
The greater Nagoya economy is being hit hard with business slowing at shopping malls and taxi drivers complaining that customers are scarce .
“ When Toyota sneezes , everyone catches a cold , ” said Toshiharu Nakano , who runs a Japanese kimono fabrics shop in Osu shopping arcade in Nagoya .
“ You see people walking around in this arcade but their purse strings are tight , ” he added .
Hit by the financial crisis and a crippling rise in the yen , Toyota Motor Corp 7203 .
T has forecast its first - ever annual operating loss in its 70 - year history and has unveiled an 11 - day output suspension that is almost unprecedented in scale .
[ ID :nT299128 ] [ ID :nT158 ]
That 's a sharp turnaround from as recently as 2007 when Toyota was riding high after eight years of earnings growth that made it the world 's biggest carmaker ahead of General Motors Corp GM.N .
With Toyota ’s sales in the United States , its biggest market , declining by 37 percent in December , the pain is being felt all along the supply chain in Nagoya and across the Aichi prefecture , which thanks to car manufacturing is one of the most affluent regions in Japan .
At Takeshiro Kogyo Co. , a 20 - person factory that produces parts for Toyota car air conditioners and headlights , the fax machine used to spit out piles of orders .
These days , faxes are rare .
“ Nowadays , we only get faxes that show a decline in orders , ” said Sumiko Takeuchi , the company president .
She points to virtually empty shelves that were once fully stocked with air conditioner parts .
“ In the past , we were sure that orders would pick up again .
But this time , it feels like they ’ll keep falling further . ”
Since around November , Takeuchi has been forced to let several employees go , cut overtime , and close factories early .
“ Right now , we just need to find ways to survive , ” she said .
‘ TOYOTA SHOCK ’
Industrial production in central Japan , including Aichi prefecture , sank 12 percent in October from a year earlier as auto exports fell on weak global demand .
“ In this region , we live on Toyota ’s business , ” said Yoshihiko Uchida from Nagoya Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
“ If Toyota is regarded as the top part of Mount Fuji , it has a wide plain of supporting industries .
Now , given uncertainty over future orders ( from Toyota ) , small assembling firms and car parts factories are all worried , ” he added .
Job offers in Aichi prefecture are on the decline , and department store sales in Nagoya fell 15 percent in November from a year earlier .
It was the sharpest drop among 10 major cities in Japan .
Tax revenues are also declining sharply in the automaker ’s hometown as well as Aichi prefecture , whose economy accounts for about 7 percent of Japan ’s overall gross domestic product .
As the world ’s second - largest economy is threatened by what some fear will be its longest ever recession , many manufacturers , including Toyota , are laying off contract workers , temps and part - timers to cut costs .
Many of those contracts came with accommodation in company dormitories so the lost jobs are swelling the ranks of the homeless .
The problem has taken centre stage in the political sphere as local media outlets zero -in on the plight of the jobless , and lawmakers facing an election later this year struggle to find solutions .
About 85,000 contract workers are being laid off across the country in the six months ending in March , of whom more than 10,000 are estimated to lose jobs in Aichi -- the biggest cut among Japan ’s 47 prefectures , a government survey showed .
“ People say there are still job opportunities in engineering or nursing care , but those who have been making cars cannot just move to those areas and do the job , ” said Toru Sakai , chairman of a temp union in Nagoya .
Temporary shelters for the homeless have been quickly filled with newcomers , and food kitchens in Nagoya are attracting more homeless people at night .
On one rainy evening in late December , about 250 people lined up under a highway overpass for a warm plate of curry and a cup of hot tea .
“ I was fired and lost a place to live as well , ” said Yoshinori Sato , a 42 - year - old former construction worker , looking down while finishing his curry .
“ I am now sleeping in an underground passage . ”
Still , people in the region are proud of their history in manufacturing and craftsmanship , and confident of a comeback .
“ We may not be able to completely rely on the auto industry in the future , ” said Takeshiro Kogyo ’s Takeuchi .
“ What we have now is a lot of free time ...
So we can think about what we can produce by using machines that are used right now . ”
Just a little photo set for you today .
Hope this has you thinking about 1 ) how much you love your dog 2 ) how flying dogs just look so cool 3 ) that nothing is impossible .
My dog Buddy holds a very special place in my heart .
Sam and I got him when he was but a wee little puppy .
He 's now grown into a huge bear , furry and messy , weighing over 110 lbs .
I can still imagine him as a young puppy , jumping and skipping around the UCLA campus where we used to take him on midnight walks .
Above Pictures courtesy of Steve Collins Photography
chiemitti.com
Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said the current crisis was " the most serious global recession for over 100 years " , and its effects would be felt for a decade and a half .
The comments - the gloomiest yet from a senior member of the Government - came in a speech to activists in Yorkshire at the weekend .
" The economy is going to define our politics in this region and in Britain in the next five years , the next 10 years and even the next 15 years , " Mr Balls said .
" These are seismic events that are going to change the political landscape .
I think this is a financial crisis more extreme and more serious than that of the 1930s and we all remember how the politics of that era were shaped by the economy . "
The Normanton MP - regarded as Gordon Brown 's closest ally - continued : " We are now seeing the realities of globalisation , though at a speed , paces and ferocity which none of us have seen before .
The reality is that this is becoming the most serious global recession for , I 'm sure , over 100 years as it will turn out . "
Shadow Chancellor George Osborne said the remarks , reported in the Yorkshire Post , contradicted Treasury forecasts that the economy will be back on track by the second half of this year .
" This is a very worrying admission from a Cabinet Minister , " he said .
" We are being told not only that we are facing the worst recession in 100 years , but that it will last for over a decade , far longer than Treasury forecasts predict . "
A spokesman for Mr Balls insisted that the Prime Minister and Chancellor Alistair Darling had highlighted the " unprecedented speed and ferocity " of the crisis " time and time again " .
" The unprecedented global nature of this crisis and its impact on the global financial sector is affecting every single economy in the world , " the spokesman said .
" The Bank of England agrees with this analysis .
As the Deputy Governor of the Bank of England Charlie Bean said in October , ' This is a once in a lifetime crisis , and possibly the largest financial crisis of its kind in human history ' . "
By Aleem Maqbool
BBC News , Gaza City
Yahya lost his right leg in an Israeli airstrike near his home Twenty - year - old Yahya Abu Saif lies in his hospital bed looking wide - eyed , gaunt and scared .
He was lucky to survive an Israeli air strike .
But , like so many others in Gaza , his life was transformed in an instant .
He lost his right leg in the explosion .
The left side of his body is paralysed .
" I had just left the mosque near my home and was going home after prayers , " he says , with a little difficulty .
" They dropped a bomb on the mosque and I was thrown in the air , but I do n't remember what happened after that .
" My family told me 15 people were killed and 20 people injured , including me . "
Yahya says he used to go to university and wanted to be a teacher one day .
" Now I will have a life of hospitals .
I know I will just need medical care forever . "
As we left the room , we found Yahya's elder brother outside , wiping away tears .
Doctor 's dilemma Al - Wafa Hospital , to which Yahya has been admitted , is the only one in Gaza which specialises in treating amputees .
We feel shy to tell patients that they can't come here ; they have a right to come , but we have no choice
Dr Tariq Dardas
Al - Wafa Hospital
At a time when hundreds more people need its care , the hospital itself was shelled and damaged in the fighting .
" It was a miserable time for us and the patients , " says Dr Tariq Dardas .
" From midnight on 16 January until 9 am , there was constant shelling .
We called the Red Cross and civilian defence to help us leave , but nobody would come to this area under those circumstances .
" All the staff members were scared but , of course , we could not leave our patients .
" Many of them had spinal injuries or were paraplegic .
It was so difficult for us to move them all to the other side of the building , but thank God we did .
One elderly patient sustained head injuries , but it could have been much worse . "
' Big impact '
Dr Dardas shows us parts of the building he says were hit by tank shells .
Hospitals have been damaged at the same time as many people need care " Ninety percent of the windows have been broken , some rooms have been totally destroyed .
About one - third of our new building has been destroyed .
It has had a big impact on what we can do , " he says .
" We estimate several hundred people have lost limbs and are in need of rehabilitation here .
We feel shy to tell patients that they can't come here ; they have a right to come , but we have no choice . "
The health system in Gaza is under tremendous strain .
Not just because of the thousands of injured following the Israeli offensive , but also because of the physical damage done to medical facilities like Al - Wafa .
There also continue to be the difficulties of bringing supplies into Gaza while the crossings into the territory are tightly controlled .
To ease the pressure , scores of patients were allowed through Gaza 's border with Egypt for short - term treatment abroad .
But most will soon return .
Al - Wafa Hospital is one of the few places in Gaza which could provide them with specialist psychiatric assistance to come to terms with their new realities .
Right now , Al - Wafa itself is appealing for help .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The best articles and links to interesting posts for technical team leaders building sophisticated websites , applications and mobile apps .
Think about : software architecture , hardware architecture , programming , frameworks , scalability , performance , quality assurance , security and Android .
This $ 10,000 crayon set is for sale on ETSY to make a point .
Small artisan toymakers and those who support their work are worried about their ability to stay in business after Feb. 10 , when the Consumer Product Safety Improvement
Act takes effect .
It requires that every toy intended for children under the age of 12 be tested for lead and phthalates .
For another absurd example and some good perspective on this issue , check out Dale Dougherty 's recent column on The $ 4,000 Rattle .
Dale is the publisher of Make and Craft magazines and is well aware of the problems this legislation will cause for many of the makers out there .
As written , CPSIA is going to have a chilling effect on the handmade toy industry .
The motivation behind this law is clearly good :
We all sat in horror as we learned about lead paint in toddler 's toys , and other toxins finding their way into many items we bought for our children .
But surely common sense can prevail .
CPSIA is heavyhanded .
Lawmakers should be able to figure out some modifications or exemptions from the costly testing regulations that wo n't put domestic handmade toymakers out of business .
It seems clear that where the regulations might make sense for a multi-national conglomerate , they just are n't going to work for the small , do - it - yourself cottage industries .
Surely we do n't want to punish the little guy making homemade wood toys in his garage because Chinese factories are using unsafe materials in mass production .
Without modifications , CPSIA will stifle a segment of society I really believe we should be encouraging – those who are out there making things .
For more information on this issue and to learn what you can do to help , check out the Handmade Toy Alliance and the National Bankruptcy Day site .
For more , see also this post in an ongoing series about CPSIA at our own Jeremiah McNichols ' website , Z - Recommends .
Update :
While I focused on toymakers in my post , several people have rightly pointed out in the comments that this law is much broader than that .
CPSIA impacts any products made for children , including clothing , school supplies and many other non -toy items .
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Drivers who made mistakes were caught on camera and fined
Thousands of drivers in Italy are expected to seek compensation after it was revealed that a system to catch them jumping red lights was rigged .
More than 100 people , including police officers , are being investigated as part of the fraud .
The T - Redspeed system - a revolutionary camera technology - has been in use for two years in 300 areas across Italy .
Cameras linked to traffic lights capture 3 - d images of vehicles if they jump the lights or are speeding .
It can also detect offences like illegal u-turns .
Fraudulent fines
It is believed more than a million drivers have been trapped by the system .
But it is now claimed the lights were rigged to change from yellow to red in three seconds instead of the regulation five or six seconds .
The fraud was uncovered by a senior police officer who noticed an unusually high number of fines being issued .
Instead of an average 15 fines a day in some places , the figure jumped to more than 1,000 .
The fraud may have netted as much as $ 170 m ( £ 116.4 m ) for those involved .
The scheme 's inventor is now under house arrest , though his lawyers say he is innocent .
More than 100 other people including 63 police commanders are also being investigated as part of the scam .
LOOK !
SOMEONE is bright - eyed , bushy ring - tailed and ready to ....
[ yawn ]
And I 'm suuuuuure she 's gonna get a move on riiiiight after this liiiiitle nap .
Perhaps a swig of Dr. P. will get her moving ?
Yes .
Moving .
Riiiiiiiiight after another lil' nap .
Still tie tie ?
How about a Rats ' n ' Racks photo op ?
Yes , almost well - rested enough to take ... on ... the ... honk - shuuuuu
Sure , a story together first .
Could n't hurt .
Look !
Finally made it outside !
Shame there 's no daylight left .
All photos and video of Bug the rattle by Necil Bug .
BONUS !
At some point someone is going to hack a moving level 1 - 1 from SMB .
And that will be the pinnacle .
This , however , is about 1ft , from the pinnacle .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Iberiabank Corp. became the first bank to pull out of the government 's bailout program Friday , saying it would be returning the $ 90 million it received from the government in early December under the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The Lafayette , La. , bank said it will buy back the 90,000 class A shares held by the Treasury , plus a pro-rated dividend accrual of $ 575,000 .
That will make Iberiabank the first institution to return TARP funds , according to a Treasury spokesman .
TARP has helped provide stability to the banking system overall but recent changes would put IBERIA ( IBKC ) at a disadvantage , said Daryl Byrd , the bank 's chief executive .
" We believe recent actions , interpretations , and commentary regarding various aspects of the program places our company at an unacceptable competitive disadvantage , " said Byrd in a statement .
Due to highly publicized losses at larger institutions such as Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , Congress has tightened restrictions on recipients of TARP funding , noted Andy Stapp , senior analyst with investment research firm B. Riley & Co .
" A lot of these small - cap banks remain profitable , and it just does n't make much sense for the government to try to dictate the way they should operate their business , " said Stapp , adding " I think you 'll see more banks returning TARP money . "
Earlier this week several congressmen , including Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , expressed outrage at Chicago - based Northern Trust ( NTRS , Fortune 500 ) , a relatively unscathed bank which received $ 1.6 billion through the TARP program in November , for throwing a lavish party for clients at a golf tournament .
" Absolutely , some banks regret taking TARP .
The enormous amount of mistrust the government has created in banks is something we 've never seen , " Chris Kelly , head of capital markets at law firm Jones Day , told CNNMoney.com when discussing Northern Trust earlier this week .
Since TARP was enacted in October , 442 regional institutions in 48 states and Puerto Rico have received nearly $ 200 billion .
Impact in LA
Learn about our impact , and how you can join us by volunteering , adopting , fostering , or visiting our Adopt & Shop location
Israel was facing demands for war crimes investigations as it declared a unilateral ceasefire in Gaza last night after a 22 - day assault in which more than 1,200 Palestinians , a third of them children , were killed and 13 Israelis died .
Two children were killed yesterday when Israeli tanks shelled a UN school in which families were sheltering , leading a UN spokesman , Chris Gunness , to say : " There has to be an investigation to determine whether a war crime has been committed . "
The call was dismissed by an Israeli foreign ministry spokesman , Yigal Palmor , who said : " These claims of war crimes are not supported by the slightest piece of evidence . "
But among numerous allegations of disproportionate use of force , questions are also multiplying about the use of unconventional weapons by Israel , including a new type of bomb that causes injuries that doctors have not seen before , and which they find impossible to treat .
The Israeli Prime Minister , Ehud Olmert , claimed in a televised address last night that the military operation had " fully attained " its goals , " and beyond " .
Israel had declared the ceasefire in response to an appeal from the Egyptian President , Hosni Mubarak , but troops would remain for now in Gaza , and Hamas would be " surprised again " if it attacked .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But even though Mr Olmert said Hamas had been " beaten badly " , rockets landed in Israel a few minutes before he spoke .
Despite the desperate state of Gaza 's population , Hamas leaders said they would continue to fight for an end to Israel 's closure of crossing points into the territory and a withdrawal of the Israeli forces .
Mr Mubarak invited the Palestinian President , Mahmoud Abbas , and the French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , to discuss Gaza in Sharm el - Sheikh today .
The UN Secretary - General , Ban Ki-moon , said he might attend , and Gordon Brown is among other leaders due to take part .
Although Mr Olmert 's announcement was only a first step towards halting the conflict in Gaza , the UN is not the only international body insisting that inquiries must be held as soon as possible into the tactics and weapons used by Israel .
Erik Fosse , a Norwegian doctor who worked in Gaza 's hospitals during the conflict , said that Israel was using so - called Dime ( dense inert metal explosive ) bombs designed to produce an intense explosion in a small space .
The bombs are packed with tungsten powder , which has the effect of shrapnel but often dissolves in human tissue , making it difficult to discover the cause of injuries .
Dr Fosse said he had seen a number of patients with extensive injuries to their lower bodies .
" It was as if they had stepped on a mine , but there was no shrapnel in the wounds , " he said .
" Some had lost their legs .
It looked as though they had been sliced off .
I have been to war zones for 30 years , but I have never seen such injuries before . "
However , the injuries matched photographs and descriptions in medical literature of the effects of Dime bombs .
" All the patients I saw had been hit by bombs fired from unmanned drones , " said Dr Fosse , head of the Norwegian Aid Committee .
" The bomb hit the ground near them and exploded . "
His colleague , Mads Gilbert , accused Israel of using the territory as a testing ground for a new , " extremely nasty " type of explosive .
" This is a new generation of small explosive that detonates with extreme power and dissipates its power within a range of five to 10 metres , " he said .
According to military databases , Dime bombs are intended for use where conventional weapons might kill or injure bystanders – to kill combatants in a house , for example , without harming people next door .
Instead of being made from metal , which sprays shrapnel across a wide area , the casing is carbon fibre .
Part of the motive for developing the bombs was to replace the use of depleted uranium , but Dr Fosse said the cancer risk from tungsten powde was well known .
" These patients should be followed up to see if there are any carcinogenic effects , " he said .
While the loudest controversy has been over accusations that white phosphorus was illegally used , other foreign doctors working in Gaza have reported injuries they cannot explain .
Professor Mohammed Sayed Khalifa , a cardiac consultant from Sudan , said that two of his patients had had uncontrollable bleeding .
" One had a chest operation , and continued bleeding even after having been given large quantities of plasma , " he said .
" The other had what seemed to be a minor leg injury , but collapsed with profuse bleeding .
Something was interfering with the clotting process .
I have never seen such a thing before . "
Dr Ahmed Almi , an Egyptian cardio - thoracic consultant at al - Nasser hospital in Khan Younis in southern Gaza , said he had seen a number of patients with inexplicable injuries .
A boy of 14 had a small puncture wound in his head , but extensive damage to his brain , making it impossible to save his life .
" I do n't know the nature or type of these weapons that make a very small [ entry wound ] and go on and make massive destruction in the tissues , " he said .
Israeli military representatives have refused to confirm or deny using specific weapons , but insist that all Israel 's weapons comply with international law .
Neither white phosphorus nor Dime bombs are illegal , but campaigners say the way they have been used , especially in Gaza 's densely packed urban areas , could constitute a war crime .
I 'm slowly getting up to speed with Emacs , switching from TextMate .
There are a lot of ways to use emacs on Mac , from Aquamacs to Carbon Emacs to the Cocoa port of GNU Emacs .
I 've dabbled in each a little bit .
I 'm most interested to hear your thoughts on keybinding ( and which Emacs distribution you use ) .
I like the thought of keeping Mac shortcuts consistent a - la Aquamacs ( having CMD - Q still bound to exit , etc ) , but it seems like the Option key is too poorly - placed to be a useful Meta key .
( I 've bound Caps - lock to Ctrl . )
It seems like binding CMD -> Meta and CTRL as Control would provide the best placement ergonomically , but obviously you then lose the standard Mac keybindings when in Emacs .
What does your Emacs setup look like ?
A new study published in the March 2009 American Journal of Clinical Nutrition by Marek Naruszewicz and colleagues from Poland suggests that acrylamide from foods may increase the risk of heart disease .
Acrylamide has been linked previously to nervous system disorders and possibly to cancer .
After ingesting large amounts of potato chips providing about 157 micrograms of acrylamide daily for four weeks , the participants had adverse changes in oxidized LDL , inflammatory markers and antioxidants that help the body eliminate acrylamide — all of which may increase the risk of heart disease .
Additional research is needed in long - term studies of people consuming typical amounts of acrylamide ( averaging about 20 to 30 micrograms ) .
It is recommended that FDA and the food industry continue to decrease acrylamide in foods by improving food processing technologies .
FDA reports that acrylamide is particularly high in potato chips and French fries .
According to American Society for Nutrition Spokesperson Mary Ann Johnson , PhD : " Consumers can reduce their exposure to acrylamide by limiting their intake of potato chips and French fries , choosing a variety of fruits , vegetables , whole grains , and low fat meat and dairy products , and quitting smoking , which is a major source of acrylamide . "
Luxury Suites in Washington D.C .
Spacious Comfort in an Ideal Location
Each of our 21 luxury suites in Washington D.C. — ranging from 500 to 1,000 square feet — maintain their original history with decorative ceilings and ornamental fireplaces .
Take your pick of several spectacular and scenic views of the surrounding D.C. landscape .
Need even more space ?
Our suites can be connected to a second bedroom if desired .
Last week my cable box stopped responding to the remote .
I went through the obvious checklist of changing batteries , checking the remote ’s settings , rebooting the cable box , making sure the remote still controlled the TV volume and power functions okay , and making sure the cable box could be controlled manually by the buttons on the front .
Then I called Comcast ’s tech support .
They put me through the same steps I already tried then added reversing the polarity of the batteries in the remote to essentially reboot it .
That did n’t work .
So the tech support person sent me to the nearest Comcast store to get a new remote control .
The new one did n’t work either .
But of course the tech support person on my next call ( an American woman in case you wonder ) made me repeat all the steps that did n’t make a difference last time just to be sure .
At the end of the call the tech support person concluded , and I am not making this up , “ The remote probably just needs to loosen up . ”
Pause while you digest that .
I had already requested a repair visit before this latest call to tech support , so I gave up and waited .
When the repair guy came I described my problem and informed him in the best straight face I could muster that his company thinks maybe the remote control just needs to “ loosen up . ”
The repair guy asked , “ Did they really say that ? ” I confirmed that they did .
I could see the last bit of hope drain out of his eyes as he just looked to the floor , slumped his shoulders , and shook his head in disbelief .
He seemed a broken man .
But he replaced the cable box and everything was fine .
Later that night I doubt he bought anything to stimulate the economy , unless it was beer .
Okay , now changing topics , I got this story by e-mail :
“ The door on the mini - refrigerator at work would n’t close because the freezer compartment was iced over .
Two employees , a man and a woman , decided to thaw it out .
They carried it down from the second floor to the warm outside so it could thaw without making a mess in the office .
When their boss heard what they did , he screamed at them for doing it without the assistance of the unionized maintenance group .
So even though by now the freezer was completely thawed out , fully cleaned , and sitting outside the building , the boss contacted the maintenance people to schedule a day and time for them to bring it back in .
The day before the maintenance people were scheduled to bring it back inside the office , the boss saw that the refrigerator was missing from outside the building .
He stormed up to the female employee ’s desk and screamed at her , ‘ I told you not to ever move that refrigerator again ! ’
She burst into tears and said , ‘ I did n’t touch it … I did n’t touch it !
I do n’t know what you ’re talking about . ’
Apparently someone thought the refrigerator was being discarded and took it home . ”
That night the two employees who cleaned the refrigerator did not buy anything to stimulate the economy .
They cried themselves to sleep .
At least that ’s my guess .
Eroga en el rubro m�s que PAN , Convergencia , PT y PSD juntos ; erog� en el rubro m�s del doble de lo que gast � en spots de televisi�n
Jueves 05 de febrero de 2009
Thelma G�mez Dur�n | El Universal
The latest research from security vendor Symantec would appear to suggest that cybercrime gangs are now applying drug smuggling techniques to their trade , and are actively using ' malware mules ' in order to distribute threats within social friendship networks .
According to the latest Internet Security Threat Report , email accounts are now being sold for just 65 p on the underground web black market , and these are then used to distribute spam or malware via people ’s trusted network of contacts .
The advertised prices of email accounts in 2009 ranged between 65 p and £ 13 for each account .
Most advertisements listed a flat rate , although some sellers also listed bulk purchase prices such as 30 for £ 95 or 65 p each on bulk purchase .
Some advertisements stated that Web space was included with the email account and were listed at higher prices .
ISPs often include free Web space along with email accounts as a part of the service , which many people never use .
Criminals who compromise these accounts can use the space to host phishing sites or malicious code without the knowledge of the account owner .
These compromised accounts can be used for sending out spam in addition to harvesting additional email addresses from contact lists , taking advantage of the fact that the recipients are likely to trust the validity of a message coming from a known contact .
The stolen personal email account details are advertised on the underground economy on black market forums that are used for the promotion and trade of stolen information and services .
What 's more , compromised email accounts are also often used to provide access to additional sensitive personal information such as bank account passwords , student identification numbers , mailing addresses and phone numbers as well as passwords to social networking accounts that people often store in saved personal emails .
The data could be used to reset passwords , potentially giving the fraudster complete access to personal account and indeed whole identities .
Con Mallon , Security Expert , Symantec , comments : " The growth in sales of email accounts on the underground economy is a worrying trend .
If fraudulent purchases are made on your credit card , you ’re covered by your lender and can usually recoup the money .
However , if your email account is hacked who do you turn to ?
Scarily , scammers could have access to all your passwords for less than a pound " .
SEATTLE , Washington ( CNN ) -- A 16 - year - old girl was found dead and another girl was found unconscious in an Army barracks at Fort Lewis near Tacoma , Washington , during the weekend , a base spokesman said Monday .
" Neither of the two women had any outward signs of trauma on them , " said Fort Lewis spokesman Joseph Piek .
He said that an Army solider who was " allegedly an acquaintance " of the two 16 - year - olds was questioned by investigators , but no arrests had been made .
The spokesman said the name and rank of the soldier who had been questioned was not being released .
According to an Army news release , the names of the two girls " are not being released due to their ages , their civilian status , and the nature of the ongoing investigation . "
Do n't Miss KIRO : Details from the situation at Fort Lewis
The Fort Lewis Criminal Investigation Division is trying to determine why the two girls were in the barracks , where soldiers live , and what led to their conditions when they were found .
Emergency personnel from the base responded to a 911 call about 3:30 a.m. Sunday and found the two girls in one of the barracks .
A doctor declared one of the girls dead on the scene , and the second girl was transported to Madigan Army Hospital , where she was in stable condition Monday .
The Office of the Armed Forces Medical Examiner is conducting an autopsy , Piek said , and it will be at least a week before results are complete .
Both girls are from the nearby South Puget Sound area but were not related to anyone living on base , Piek said .
Both girls ' families had been notified , he said .
Although Fort Lewis is not open to civilians , they can be escorted in by a soldier living there if they have identification and a reason for coming onto the facility .
The circumstances of how the girls came unto the base are under investigation , Piek said , but there was no evidence that security had been compromised .
About 30,000 military personnel are based at Fort Lewis .
Barracks where soldiers live are usually split into rooms for one to three soldiers , Piek said .
Details about the barracks where the girls where found were not released .
All About Fort Lewis • Puget Sound • U.S. Army • Tacoma
INTRODUCTION
1 . In recent years , various questions relating to homosexuality have been addressed with some frequency by Pope John Paul II and by the relevant Dicasteries of the Holy See .
(1 )
Homosexuality is a troubling moral and social phenomenon , even in those countries where it does not present significant legal issues .
It gives rise to greater concern in those countries that have granted or intend to grant – legal recognition to homosexual unions , which may include the possibility of adopting children .
The present Considerations do not contain new doctrinal elements ; they seek rather to reiterate the essential points on this question and provide arguments drawn from reason which could be used by Bishops in preparing more specific interventions , appropriate to the different situations throughout the world , aimed at protecting and promoting the dignity of marriage , the foundation of the family , and the stability of society , of which this institution is a constitutive element .
The present Considerations are also intended to give direction to Catholic politicians by indicating the approaches to proposed legislation in this area which would be consistent with Christian conscience .
(2) Since this question relates to the natural moral law , the arguments that follow are addressed not only to those who believe in Christ , but to all persons committed to promoting and defending the common good of society .
I. THE NATURE OF MARRIAGE
AND ITS INALIENABLE CHARACTERISTICS
2 . The Church 's teaching on marriage and on the complementarity of the sexes reiterates a truth that is evident to right reason and recognized as such by all the major cultures of the world .
Marriage is not just any relationship between human beings .
It was established by the Creator with its own nature , essential properties and purpose .
(3) No ideology can erase from the human spirit the certainty that marriage exists solely between a man and a woman , who by mutual personal gift , proper and exclusive to themselves , tend toward the communion of their persons .
In this way , they mutually perfect each other , in order to cooperate with God in the procreation and upbringing of new human lives .
3 . The natural truth about marriage was confirmed by the Revelation contained in the biblical accounts of creation , an expression also of the original human wisdom , in which the voice of nature itself is heard .
There are three fundamental elements of the Creator 's plan for marriage , as narrated in the Book of Genesis .
In the first place , man , the image of God , was created “ male and female ” ( Gen 1:27 ) .
Men and women are equal as persons and complementary as male and female .
Sexuality is something that pertains to the physical - biological realm and has also been raised to a new level – the personal level – where nature and spirit are united .
Marriage is instituted by the Creator as a form of life in which a communion of persons is realized involving the use of the sexual faculty .
“ That is why a man leaves his father and mother and clings to his wife and they become one flesh ” ( Gen 2:24 ) .
Third ,
God has willed to give the union of man and woman a special participation in his work of creation .
Thus , he blessed the man and the woman with the words “ Be fruitful and multiply ” ( Gen 1:28 ) .
Therefore , in the Creator 's plan , sexual complementarity and fruitfulness belong to the very nature of marriage .
Furthermore , the marital union of man and woman has been elevated by Christ to the dignity of a sacrament .
The Church teaches that Christian marriage is an efficacious sign of the covenant between Christ and the Church ( cf. Eph 5:32 ) .
This Christian meaning of marriage , far from diminishing the profoundly human value of the marital union between man and woman , confirms and strengthens it ( cf. Mt 19:3 - 12 ; Mk 10:6 - 9 ) .
4 . There are absolutely no grounds for considering homosexual unions to be in any way similar or even remotely analogous to God 's plan for marriage and family .
Marriage is holy , while homosexual acts go against the natural moral law .
Homosexual acts “ close the sexual act to the gift of life .
They do not proceed from a genuine affective and sexual complementarity .
Under no circumstances can they be approved ” .
( 4 )
Sacred Scripture condemns homosexual acts “ as a serious depravity ... ( cf. Rom 1:24 - 27 ; 1 Cor 6:10 ; 1 Tim 1:10 ) .
This judgment of Scripture does not of course permit us to conclude that all those who suffer from this anomaly are personally responsible for it , but it does attest to the fact that homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered ” .
(5) This same moral judgment is found in many Christian writers of the first centuries ( 6 ) and is unanimously accepted by Catholic Tradition .
Nonetheless , according to the teaching of the Church , men and women with homosexual tendencies “ must be accepted with respect , compassion and sensitivity .
Every sign of unjust discrimination in their regard should be avoided ” .
(7) They are called , like other Christians , to live the virtue of chastity .
(8) The homosexual inclination is however “ objectively disordered ” ( 9 ) and homosexual practices are “ sins gravely contrary to chastity ” .
( 10 )
II .
POSITIONS ON THE PROBLEM
OF HOMOSEXUAL UNIONS
5 . Faced with the fact of homosexual unions , civil authorities adopt different positions .
At times they simply tolerate the phenomenon ; at other times they advocate legal recognition of such unions , under the pretext of avoiding , with regard to certain rights , discrimination against persons who live with someone of the same sex .
In other cases , they favour giving homosexual unions legal equivalence to marriage properly so - called , along with the legal possibility of adopting children .
Where the government 's policy is de facto tolerance and there is no explicit legal recognition of homosexual unions , it is necessary to distinguish carefully the various aspects of the problem .
Moral conscience requires that , in every occasion , Christians give witness to the whole moral truth , which is contradicted both by approval of homosexual acts and unjust discrimination against homosexual persons .
Therefore , discreet and prudent actions can be effective ; these might involve : unmasking the way in which such tolerance might be exploited or used in the service of ideology ; stating clearly the immoral nature of these unions ; reminding the government of the need to contain the phenomenon within certain limits so as to safeguard public morality and , above all , to avoid exposing young people to erroneous ideas about sexuality and marriage that would deprive them of their necessary defences and contribute to the spread of the phenomenon .
Those who would move from tolerance to the legitimization of specific rights for cohabiting homosexual persons need to be reminded that the approval or legalization of evil is something far different from the toleration of evil .
In those situations where homosexual unions have been legally recognized or have been given the legal status and rights belonging to marriage , clear and emphatic opposition is a duty .
One must refrain from any kind of formal cooperation in the enactment or application of such gravely unjust laws and , as far as possible , from material cooperation on the level of their application .
In this area , everyone can exercise the right to conscientious objection .
III .
ARGUMENTS FROM REASON AGAINST LEGAL
RECOGNITION OF HOMOSEXUAL UNIONS
6 . To understand why it is necessary to oppose legal recognition of homosexual unions , ethical considerations of different orders need to be taken into consideration .
From the order of right reason
The scope of the civil law is certainly more limited than that of the moral law , ( 11 ) but civil law cannot contradict right reason without losing its binding force on conscience .
( 12 ) Every humanly - created law is legitimate insofar as it is consistent with the natural moral law , recognized by right reason , and insofar as it respects the inalienable rights of every person .
( 13 ) Laws in favour of homosexual unions are contrary to right reason because they confer legal guarantees , analogous to those granted to marriage , to unions between persons of the same sex .
Given the values at stake in this question , the State could not grant legal standing to such unions without failing in its duty to promote and defend marriage as an institution essential to the common good .
It might be asked how a law can be contrary to the common good if it does not impose any particular kind of behaviour , but simply gives legal recognition to a de facto reality which does not seem to cause injustice to anyone .
In this area , one needs first to reflect on the difference between homosexual behaviour as a private phenomenon and the same behaviour as a relationship in society , foreseen and approved by the law , to the point where it becomes one of the institutions in the legal structure .
This second phenomenon is not only more serious , but also assumes a more wide - reaching and profound influence , and would result in changes to the entire organization of society , contrary to the common good .
Civil laws are structuring principles of man 's life in society , for good or for ill .
They “ play a very important and sometimes decisive role in influencing patterns of thought and behaviour ” .
( 14 ) Lifestyles and the underlying presuppositions these express not only externally shape the life of society , but also tend to modify the younger generation 's perception and evaluation of forms of behaviour .
Legal recognition of homosexual unions would obscure certain basic moral values and cause a devaluation of the institution of marriage .
From the biological and anthropological order
7. Homosexual unions are totally lacking in the biological and anthropological elements of marriage and family which would be the basis , on the level of reason , for granting them legal recognition .
Such unions are not able to contribute in a proper way to the procreation and survival of the human race .
The possibility of using recently discovered methods of artificial reproduction , beyond involv- ing a grave lack of respect for human dignity , ( 15 ) does nothing to alter this inadequacy .
Homosexual unions are also totally lacking in the conjugal dimension , which represents the human and ordered form of sexuality .
Sexual relations are human when and insofar as they express and promote the mutual assistance of the sexes in marriage and are open to the transmission of new life .
As experience has shown , the absence of sexual complementarity in these unions creates obstacles in the normal development of children who would be placed in the care of such persons .
They would be deprived of the experience of either fatherhood or motherhood .
Allowing children to be adopted by persons living in such unions would actually mean doing violence to these children , in the sense that their condition of dependency would be used to place them in an environment that is not conducive to their full human development .
This is gravely immoral and in open contradiction to the principle , recognized also in the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child , that the best interests of the child , as the weaker and more vulnerable party , are to be the paramount consideration in every case .
From the social order
8. Society owes its continued survival to the family , founded on marriage .
The inevitable consequence of legal recognition of homosexual unions would be the redefinition of marriage , which would become , in its legal status , an institution devoid of essential reference to factors linked to heterosexuality ; for example , procreation and raising children .
If , from the legal standpoint , marriage between a man and a woman were to be considered just one possible form of marriage , the concept of marriage would undergo a radical transformation , with grave detriment to the common good .
By putting homosexual unions on a legal plane analogous to that of marriage and the family , the State acts arbitrarily and in contradiction with its duties .
The principles of respect and non-discrimination cannot be invoked to support legal recognition of homosexual unions .
Differentiating between persons or refusing social recognition or benefits is unacceptable only when it is contrary to justice .
( 16 ) The denial of the social and legal status of marriage to forms of cohabitation that are not and cannot be marital is not opposed to justice ; on the contrary , justice requires it .
Nor can the principle of the proper autonomy of the individual be reasonably invoked .
It is one thing to maintain that individual citizens may freely engage in those activities that interest them and that this falls within the common civil right to freedom ; it is something quite different to hold that activities which do not represent a significant or positive contribution to the development of the human person in society can receive specific and categorical legal recognition by the State .
Not even in a remote analogous sense do homosexual unions fulfil the purpose for which marriage and family deserve specific categorical recognition .
On the contrary , there are good reasons for holding that such unions are harmful to the proper development of human society , especially if their impact on society were to increase .
From the legal order
9 . Because married couples ensure the succession of generations and are therefore eminently within the public interest , civil law grants them institutional recognition .
Homosexual unions , on the other hand , do not need specific attention from the legal standpoint since they do not exercise this function for the common good .
Nor is the argument valid according to which legal recognition of homosexual unions is necessary to avoid situations in which cohabiting homosexual persons , simply because they live together , might be deprived of real recognition of their rights as persons and citizens .
In reality , they can always make use of the provisions of law – like all citizens from the standpoint of their private autonomy – to protect their rights in matters of common interest .
It would be gravely unjust to sacrifice the common good and just laws on the family in order to protect personal goods that can and must be guaranteed in ways that do not harm the body of society .
( 17 )
IV . POSITIONS OF CATHOLIC POLITICIANS
WITH REGARD TO LEGISLATION IN FAVOUR
OF HOMOSEXUAL UNIONS
10 .
If it is true that all Catholics are obliged to oppose the legal recognition of homosexual unions , Catholic politicians are obliged to do so in a particular way , in keeping with their responsibility as politicians .
Faced with legislative proposals in favour of homosexual unions , Catholic politicians are to take account of the following ethical indications .
When legislation in favour of the recognition of homosexual unions is proposed for the first time in a legislative assembly , the Catholic law - maker has a moral duty to express his opposition clearly and publicly and to vote against it .
To vote in favour of a law so harmful to the common good is gravely immoral .
When legislation in favour of the recognition of homosexual unions is already in force , the Catholic politician must oppose it in the ways that are possible for him and make his opposition known ; it is his duty to witness to the truth .
If it is not possible to repeal such a law completely , the Catholic politician , recalling the indications contained in the Encyclical Letter Evangelium vitae , “ could licitly support proposals aimed at limiting the harm done by such a law and at lessening its negative consequences at the level of general opinion and public morality ” , on condition that his “ absolute personal opposition ” to such laws was clear and well known and that the danger of scandal was avoided .
( 18 ) This does not mean that a more restrictive law in this area could be considered just or even acceptable ; rather , it is a question of the legitimate and dutiful attempt to obtain at least the partial repeal of an unjust law when its total abrogation is not possible at the moment .
CONCLUSION
11 . The Church teaches that respect for homosexual persons cannot lead in any way to approval of homosexual behaviour or to legal recognition of homosexual unions .
The common good requires that laws recognize , promote and protect marriage as the basis of the family , the primary unit of society .
Legal recognition of homosexual unions or placing them on the same level as marriage would mean not only the approval of deviant behaviour , with the consequence of making it a model in present - day society , but would also obscure basic values which belong to the common inheritance of humanity .
The Church cannot fail to defend these values , for the good of men and women and for the good of society itself .
The Sovereign Pontiff John Paul II , in the Audience of March 28 , 2003 , approved the present Considerations , adopted in the Ordinary Session of this Congregation , and ordered their publication .
Rome , from the Offices of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , June 3 , 2003 , Memorial of Saint Charles Lwanga and his Companions , Martyrs .
Joseph Card .
Ratzinger
Prefect
Angelo Amato , S.D.B .
Titular Archbishop of Sila
Secretary
Louise Radnofsky reports on the transition .
President - elect Barack Obama and his wife Michelle took their daughters to the Lincoln Memorial Saturday night on the family ’s first full weekend together in Washington ahead of the inauguration .
The Obamas held the girls ’ hands as they ascended the steps of the monument , flanked by security staff .
Behind the [ … ]
“ Hobbits ” of Flores : Implications for the pattern of human evolution
By William Moore
16 February 2009
Recent developments in research regarding the so - called " hobbits " of Flores , Indonesia , may lend support to the multilineal or " branching " view of human evolution .
The weight of evidence being accumulated increasingly tends to validate Homo floresiensis , the taxonomic designation given to these specimens by their discoverers , as a distinct species of hominin rather than as deformed modern humans . *
A summary of these new developments has been presented in a recent Nova program on PBS .
However , not all researchers in the field of paleoanthropology have accepted this view .
Alternate interpretations continue to be proposed .
The controversy over the taxonomic and evolutionary status of the Flores hobbits provides a good example of the dialectical process whereby advances in scientific knowledge are achieved .
Both major camps in this controversy ( i.e. , those who view the hobbits as a new species and those who think they are deformed modern humans ) base themselves on modern evolutionary theory .
The debate is not over whether other hominin species have existed , but how these particular specimens should be interpreted within the framework of human evolution .
While individual researchers ' viewpoints may be motivated by a variety of factors , one important component in the division between the two camps is their differing underlying assumptions regarding whether hominin evolution has tended toward a unilineal or multilineal pattern .
The significance of the hobbit controversy is that if these individuals were indeed members of a previously unknown species , it would imply that hominin evolution has followed the multilineal pattern to an even greater degree than has generally been thought by its proponents .
Resolution of the " hobbit question " is likely to significantly influence how the majority of researchers in the field conceptualize human evolution and , therefore , impact the direction of investigations for decades to come .
LB1 " Hobbit " skull compared to a modern human skull
The new data
If the recent research results are correct , it may be that H. floresiensis represents a very ancient split among hominins , possibly dating back more than a million years , substantially earlier than the separation between the lineage that ultimately gave rise to modern humans and that which developed into Neanderthals .
Perhaps even more interesting are indications that the apparent ability of H. floresiensis to produce relatively sophisticated stone tools was based on the evolution of their brains independently and in a manner different from the main Homo lineage ( i.e. , the one that led to Homo erectus , Neanderthals , and modern humans ) .
And yet they were capable of supporting a technology at least equivalent to that of H. erectus .
If so , this would provide powerful support for the view that not only is intelligence subject to evolutionary processes just as much as other aspects of biology but also that there are multiple ways in which intelligence can evolve .
Following the announcement of the discovery of the small ( about 3.5 feet or just over 1 meter tall ) , human - like skeletal remains on Flores ( an island in Indonesia ) back in 2003 , reaction in the scientific community essentially fell into two camps .
One included those who accepted the discoverers ' interpretation that this was a new species of hominin that had coexisted with modern humans on the island until at least as recently as about 12,000 years ago .
The other camp consisted of those who expressed varying degrees of skepticism regarding this claim .
The major competing interpretation was that the bones ( note : they are not lithified [ i.e. , turned to stone ] and are , therefore , not technically fossils ) were the remains of an individual ( initially only one , largely complete individual was identified , plus one tooth of a second ) who had suffered some sort of disease or deformity , such as microcephaly ( a genetic disorder which results in a substantial underdevelopment of the brain as well as general stunting ) .
The basis for the microcephaly hypothesis was that the Flores hobbit ( named LB1 , because it was the first specimen found in the Liang Bua cave ) not only had a very small body compared to modern humans , but a highly reduced brain size .
The body size range of normal ( i.e. , healthy ) modern humans varies widely .
The best known of those at the small end of the body size spectrum are those people popularly known as " pygmies " who inhabit certain tropical forest areas of Africa .
Other populations of " small " people exist in similar environmental settings in Asia and Melanesia .
Small size in humans is thought to be , at least in part , an evolutionary adaptation for thermo-regulation ( i.e. , control of body temperature ) in forests with hot , humid climates where heat dissipation by sweating is not effective .
However , " pygmies " have brain sizes within the normal range for modern humans , though at the low end , and are in all respects Homo sapiens .
The brain sizes of pygmy populations are , in fact , relatively larger in proportion to their body sizes than the brain to body size ratios of larger modern humans , indicating that an adaptive reduction in body size has not resulted in a commensurate brain - size reduction ) .
By contrast , the Flores " hobbit " has a brain size approximately equal to that of chimpanzees and australopithecines .
Modern humans ' cranial capacity ( space inside the skull ) is approximately 1,150 - 1,750 cubic centimeters ( mean 1,325 cc ) and that of chimps 285- 500 cc ( mean 395 cc ) .
The cranial capacity of the single known Flores hobbit skull is approximately 417 cc , just slightly larger than the mean for chimps .
The hobbit 's brain size is at the low end of known sizes of australopithecines ( 410 - 530 cc ) , such as the famous Lucy fossil ( Australopithecus afarensis ) , which has a cranial capacity of 438 cc and dates to 3.2 million years ago .
These early hominins became extinct more than a million years ago .
The essential observation is that all healthy modern humans , regardless of their body size , have brains that fall within a specific size range .
The Flores skull is definitely outside of that range .
Over the course of hominin evolution there has been a general , though not necessarily steady increase in brain size .
This trend toward encephalization is most especially pronounced in modern humans .
Partly , this has been due to increases in body size .
However , the growth in brain size has been proportionally greater than that of body size .
The difference is thought to represent the increase in capacity needed to support higher intelligence .
It is also important to note that not only has there been a disproportionate increase in brain size , but there have also been changes in brain architecture ( i.e. , some parts of the brain have grown more than others ) .
Again , this is most probably associated with increases in mental capacity .
The abnormally small brain size of the Flores hobbit , if it were simply a downsized modern human , would imply a greatly diminished mental capacity .
The hypothesis of microcephaly is at least plausible if the first known hobbit specimen represents a single , diseased individual which belonged to a population of otherwise normal modern humans , even if small in stature .
However , evidence has been developed to counter the microcephaly hypothesis .
One of these lines of evidence consists of detailed studies of brain morphology , comparing the gross structure ( i.e. , the relative sizes and shapes of various parts of the brain ) of the hobbit brain with that of normal modern humans , modern humans afflicted with microcephaly , various apes , and a series of fossil hominins going all the way back to australopithecines .
Although brains normally do not fossilize , if at least a good portion of the skull is recovered it is possible to create an endocast by filling the inside of the skull with plastic .
The plastic conforms to the skull 's interior and , since the external configuration of the brain closely matches the inside surface of the skull , a detailed cast of the brain can be created .
Since the hobbit remains are not fossilized , and are therefore rather fragile , a " virtual " endocast was created by use of CT scans of the skull .
A major result of the study of the hobbit brain endocast is to indicate significant differences between it and the morphology of the brains of modern humans with microcephaly .
If true , the hobbit is unlikely to have been a modern human suffering from that disease .
This research further found that , although it bears some similarities with the brain of Homo erectus , there are differences as well , indicating that LB1 is not simply a downsized member of that species .
This interpretation , if upheld by examination of additional hobbit skulls yet to be found , will force researchers to try to find a new place for the Flores hobbits somewhere in the pattern of hominin evolution .
However , there remains fierce debate in the scientific community regarding the nature of the hobbit brain and body .
Other genetic deformities have now been proposed as explanations for the small brain as well as other skeletal characteristics .
Some have claimed that the hobbits represent a combination of endemic genetic deformities in a pygmy - like population caused by the phenomenon of island dwarfism .
Island dwarfism is a phenomenon that has been observed in a number of species , including the dwarf elephants ( Stegadon , now extinct ) on Flores .
Such dwarfism is thought to result from a variety of factors , including restricted nutrient availability on small islands ( smaller individuals need less to eat ) and lack of predators ( larger size is a defense against predators ) .
These factors , and the previously cited thermodynamic advantage of small bodies in tropical rainforest environments , may all have contributed to further reducing the body size of the ancestors of the hobbits who , if they were indeed very early members of the genus Homo , such as the early Homo erectus specimens from Dmanisi , Georgia , dating to 1.7 million years ago , or even a form of australopithecine , would have been small to begin with .
Stone tools have been found on Flores in contexts dating to 840,000 years ago .
However , no hominin skeletal remains of any kind have yet been found on Flores dating back to that time .
The earliest hobbit remains recovered so far date to 95,000 years ago .
Therefore , there is currently no direct paleontological data to indicate the sort of hominin the hobbits may have descended from .
The apparent association of fairly sophisticated stone tools with the hobbits , along with butchered animal bone and evidence of the use of fire would seem to argue against the microcephaly argument , since individuals suffering such a disability are unlikely to have been able to make and use stone tools .
Therefore , the unique characteristics of hobbit brain morphology mean either that they had evolved sufficient mental capacity for such technological accomplishments in a manner different from that of the main line of human evolution or that the tools were made by another , as yet undiscovered hominin that coexisted with the hobbits on Flores .
Remains of small hominins have recently been found on the Palau islands of Micronesia .
In contrast to the Flores specimens , however , initial reports indicate that although those on Palau exhibit some " primitive " anatomical characteristics , the preponderance of data supports the interpretation that these are dwarfed modern humans , but smaller than contemporary pygmies .
If true , this would support the interpretation that the Flores individuals ' small size may have been at least in part due to the size - reducing factors cited above , regardless of whether they were ancient or modern humans .
The claim that the Palau specimens are dwarfed has been disputed , however .
One very important line of evidence that could help to sort out the controversy over the evolutionary status of the Flores hobbits would be the comparison of their DNA with that of fossil and modern humans , as is being done with Neanderthals and modern humans .
Unfortunately , given the warm and wet conditions of Flores , which are not conducive to the preservation of DNA , no samples have yet been recovered .
Therefore , for the time being at least , researchers must look to anatomy and archaeology for the necessary data .
Proponents of hobbits as a new species have marshaled a number of additional lines of evidence .
One is that the characteristics of hobbit carpals ( wrist bones ) resemble those of the great apes and australopithecines rather than those of more recent hominins —
Neanderthals and modern humans .
Based on this finding , the ancestors of the Flores hobbits would have had to split from the line leading to the latter groups before the evolution of this new configuration of wrist bones , probably more than 1 million years ago .
This difference would likely have implications regarding the hobbits ' dexterity of manipulation , particularly with respect to the human " precision grip , " perhaps indicating that they were more limited than Homo erectus and later hominins with regard to delicate manual work .
The researchers believe that the hobbit wrist morphology could not be the result of genetic deformity or disease .
Beyond the specifics of the debate over whether the Flores hobbit remains represent evidence of a new , previously unknown form of hominin or of a deformed modern human , this controversy illustrates the process by which scientific knowledge is advanced .
Both the unilineal and multilineal models of human evolution have been constructed within the overall paradigm of modern evolutionary theory .
However , the two place different emphases on the degree to which culture ( i.e. , non-biological adaptation ) modified the selective pressures of the natural environment on hominin populations and , therefore , on the course of evolutionary development .
The conflict between these two interpretations , and there are certainly variations within each camp , acts to continually test the " fit " between predictions made on the basis of each model and the results of discovery and experimentation .
The adherents of one camp are ever ready to attempt to poke holes in the interpretations of the other .
This drives research to examine specific questions in ever - greater detail , questions that might otherwise not have been considered worthy of investigation or even have been formulated at all .
For example , the back - and - forth dialogue over whether hobbit morphology could be explained as due to microcephaly has prompted detailed research into the brain morphology of a variety of fossil hominins as well as modern individuals with this affliction .
New data is being sought concerning the actual range of variation in particular morphological structures of the brain between various populations and what those variations may mean regarding the behaviors controlled by those structures .
Furthermore , previously unanticipated complications are being identified regarding how the existence of genetic abnormalities , such as microcephaly , among small , isolated populations may have combined with the effects of island dwarfism to create unexpected biological manifestations that could mimic certain characteristics of early hominins .
Researchers are forced to identify and demonstrate the validity of experimental criteria that differentiate between the predicted outcomes of various interpretations .
Pursuit of such topics can lead to unexpected results that may either enrich the understanding of current formulations or identify significant flaws , bringing into question higher - level theoretical constructs .
It is this constant dialectic involving the individual researchers , schools of thought , and experimental results that drives progress in scientific research .
None of these opposites exists by themselves .
Each to some degree both determines and is determined by the others .
However , ultimately , it is the reality of the material world , the " ground truth " that determines the shape of scientific knowledge .
At some point , the majority of researchers in human evolution will reach a consensus regarding the status of the Flores hobbits , probably supported by the discovery and analysis of additional specimens .
One interpretation will be seen to be more effective in explaining the available data and to have successfully weathered a sufficient number of attacks by proponents of other viewpoints so that it is adopted as the correct resolution of the controversy .
This will then be seen as " settled science " and its implications for the larger model of human evolution will have to be worked out .
One of these implications may be that differences between fossil specimens that were previously considered to represent the normal range of variation within a species may have to be reexamined to evaluate the possibility that this variation is in fact evidence of the existence of distinct species .
Another consequence could be that the focus of field investigations may shift or grow to encompass locations not previously thought of as likely to yield relevant data .
The discovery of the Flores hominins has already brought to a higher level a simmering debate regarding the " out of Africa " paradigm , which views Africa as the center of evolution and dispersal of successive waves of human ancestors .
The relatively neat and tidy formulation , which had become the consensus view among at least a substantial proportion of paleoanthropologists in recent decades , received its first significant blow with the discovery of the hominin fossils at Dmanisi , Georgia .
These specimens were substantially older , 1.7 million years , and more primitive than the existing formulation had predicted for the earliest ventures out of Africa .
The Flores discoveries may support the new interpretation that the earliest hominin dispersal from Africa took place significantly earlier , both chronologically and in terms of evolutionary development , than had previously been thought .
Furthermore , these discoveries raise the possibility that important developments in human evolution may have taken place in Asia as well as in Africa .
The discoveries on the island of Flores were not expected within the frameworks of either the unilineal or multilineal models of human evolution .
The survival of australopithecine or very early Homo descendants down to nearly the present challenges the existing view , held to varying degrees by supporters of both models , that through time more - progressive forms successively replaced older , less - advanced ones , whether by genetic flow or extinction .
Nevertheless , the new discovery is more easily encompassed by the multilineal model .
It merely means that the multilineality of human evolution has been even more extreme than had been thought and that there have been many evolutionary experiments in how to be an intelligent , technologically based species .
In science , the validity of a theory rests on its ability to more accurately and comprehensively explain and predict patterns observed in the material world than can its competitors .
In this sense , the Flores discoveries tend to support the superiority of the multilineal model .
This , in turn , reinforces our understanding of the active and complex dialectic between culture and nature that has shaped human evolution for millions of years .
* The term hominin reflects a recent change in taxonomic nomenclature .
Essentially , it is equivalent to the previous term " hominid , " including modern humans and all their predecessors and collateral lines back to the split with chimpanzees , at least 6 - 7 million years ago .
A more detailed explanation can be found here .
The author also recommends :
Fossil discovery rewrites human history
[ 5 November 2004 ]
Neanderthals and modern humans — a key to understanding human evolution
[ 3 October 2008 ]
Just got a statement from the Louisiana Governor 's spokesperson :
" Today , Governor Bobby Jindal announced that the state will not change its law to use a part of the $ 787 billion federal stimulus bill that would result in an unemployment insurance tax increase on Louisiana businesses .
The Governor also announced that the state will use a provision in the legislation to increase state unemployment benefits for recipients by an extra $ 25 per week , and reaffirmed his acceptance of the transportation funds included in the bill to fund shovel - ready transportation priorities in the state . "
His reasoning : the federal government wo n't pay the money forever , so taxpayers and businesses would have to foot the bill for the bigger dole .
Jindal , in the statement , urges other states to take a look at the provision .
In lieu of the government money , Jindal said that the state would increase its unemployment payments by $ 25 per week .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Intel LGA1155 and LGA1156 sockets pictured Posted on Thursday , February 05 2009 @ 21:39:59 CET by Thomas De Maesschalck
PC Games Hardware found photos of the Core i5 sockets : Currently rumors expect that Intel will release those processors in summer 2009 .
Lynnfield and Havendale will be based on the sockets LGA 1155 and 1156 .
Furthermore there is the socket LGA 1567 for Xeon processors .
Below is the LGA1155 and LGA1156 on the left , from top to bottom , while the LGA1576 for Xeon server processors is located on the right :
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Use Disqus to post new comments , the old comments are listed below .
Re : Intel LGA1155 and LGA1156 sockets pictured
by Anonymous on Friday , February 06 2009 @ 03:26:39 CET
Can't wait to see mobile Nehalem :)
Use Disqus to post new comments , the old comments are listed below .
Exclusive to STR
February 4 , 2009
The figure currently being bandied about for the bailout is three trillion .
That 's three trillion dollars , which could be more meaningful if we knew what ' dollars ' were .
But whatever they are , three trillion of them is a number so large that one simply cannot comprehend it .
It might even be thought to be meaningless , because one does n't experience ' trillions ' of anything .
Sure , there are easily trillions of molecules in our bodies , but they are invisible .
We can not see them or appreciate them directly .
Come to think of it , that 's true of modern money , too .
But whether a check is for ten dollars , or ten billion dollars , it is expected that those numbers entitle the payee to something -- if only other numbers borrowed into existence by someone , somewhere , sometime .
They could be numbers engraved on paper , or electronic entries in an account , but they 've got to be there if the check is ' good . '
So the question arises , at least in my mind :
Where are the numbers that comprise the three trillion for the bailout ?
The general expectation seems to be that the government will provide the three trillion .
In fact , this seems to be taken for granted by the assorted television pundits .
But does the government have three trillion in some petty cash account , just waiting to be spent ?
Perhaps it does , but if so , it wo n't admit it .
Can the government be expected to receive three trillion in surplus income in the foreseeable future ?
That 's unlikely .
In truth , the government professes to be trillions in debt itself , so looking to it for a loan is hardly reasonable .
Implicit , therefore , in the assumption that the government will hand over three trillion is the further assumption that the funds will come from the taxpayer , but the same questions arise .
Do the taxpayers have a three trillion dollar stash , just waiting to be looted by Uncle Sam ?
Do they expect to increase their incomes sufficiently to provide an additional three trillion in tax revenues ?
Do n't bet on it , especially since Mr. Obama has indicated he favors a three hundred billion tax cut !
From statistics on the Internet , I learned that 43 % of households spend more than they earn each year .
Do n't look to them for help , Uncle Sam !
The average household has about $ 8,000 in credit card debt .
Total consumer debt is just shy of $ 2 trillion , averaging over $ 18,000 per household -- and that does n't include mortgage debt !
So taxpayers would seem an unlikely source of $ 3 trillion .
If the taxpayers are expected to pony up $ 3 trillion , therefore , where will they get it ?
They will have to go to the source , and the source of modern money is -- the bank .
But wait !
Are n't the banks themselves lined up for bailouts ?
Something does n't make sense here -- at least on the surface .
Literature from the Federal Reserve System tells us that the ability of banks to create money makes bankruptcy impossible , but that same ability can lead to something worse : runaway inflation .
So we seem to be impaled on the horns of a dilemma : runaway inflation on one hand , if the banks simply create enough money to bail out the line of supplicants , or a back - breaking depression if the banks decline to do so .
When banks create money , however , they do it as a loan , so creating $ 3 trillion to try to salvage the economy would burden that selfsame economy with a $ 3 trillion debt -- plus interest .
That 's not much of a solution ; indeed , it 's what caused the problem in the first place .
On the other hand , the banks can do nothing , and allow the economy to sink further and further into depression .
That looks like a much more satisfactory course of action , at least from the point of view of the banks , and the government , which they , in effect , own .
There are three economic classes : the very rich , the middle class , and the poor .
The latter do n't count .
They are cannon fodder ; clay for demagogues to mold .
The very rich are often part of the system , and will survive more or less unscathed .
It is the middle class that will be destroyed if / when the state turns to them and demands $ 3 trillion in additional taxes .
They may try to borrow , and be told that the banks do n't have the funds to lend .
That 's nonsense , as we 've seen above , but most people will believe it .
In any event , it does n't follow that if automakers ( for example ) are given billions of dollars , the public will be stimulated to buy their cars .
President Franklin Roosevelt is said to have remarked that nothing happens by accident in politics ; if it happens , it was intended to happen .
He spoke the truth , at least on that occasion .
Our tax laws and monetary system have been systematically nibbling away at the middle class for decades , and the climax may be approaching .
To what purpose would the rulers crush the productive , entrepreneurial , middle - class ?
I 'm not an insider ; I can only surmise .
Perhaps the whole idea is to create a one - world economic system , with a one - world government to follow .
With country after country wallowing in economic depression , with high unemployment , and endemic business failures , what can people do but turn to a bright , shiny , new government to make the whole world better ?
Experience is said to be the best teacher , and what it teaches is that people never learn !
Brace yourself .
The next few years should be interesting .
Paul Hein is semi-retired from the practice of medicine ( ophthalmology ) in St. Louis .
His book All Work and No Pay should be available soon from Amazon.com .
Paul Hein Archive
The Source
by Paul Hein
When the Sundance Film Festival kicked off in Park City , Utah , last week , Robert Redford , who started the event in 1984 , was n't all that interested in talking about " it being the 25th year of our existence as a festival " .
He said , " I 'm more interested in looking forward . "
It was a sentiment uppermost in people 's minds as they watched President Obama 's inauguration on Tuesday .
" We 're looking at a world that 's very screwed up , " said Redford .
" But with that comes opportunities .
I 'm a firm believer in the strength of art .
When the economy gets tough , art will survive . [ But ]
I 'm glad the gang that could n't shoot straight is going . "
Depicting screwed - up worlds is the speciality of Armando Iannucci , better known to British audiences as the comic writer behind the hit television shows The Thick of It and I'm Alan Partridge .
And his film proved the surprise hit of the festival , when it screened earlier this week .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Set inside the corridors of power ,
In the Loop is a smart , sharply observed political satire about how the war on Iraq was essentially " sold to the world " .
Tom Hollander stars as the gaffe - prone British minister Simon Foster who is shipped off to Washington DC when he accidentally announces to the press that a war in the Middle East is " unforeseeable " .
At first Foster is a bit miffed at the turn of events , but quickly realises that a ) America is far more exciting than London and b ) this could be his chance to become a VIP in world affairs .
Peter Capaldi reprises his TV role as the PM's bullish director of communications Malcolm Tucker , who is eagerly pushing for war .
The film also stars James Gandolfini ( The Sopranos ) and Steve Coogan .
In the Loop would be terrifying if it were n't so funny .
Iannucci says the depiction of bureaucrats as bungling ninnies with oversized egos is not that far fetched .
In fact , it 's quite the reverse .
" It 's a pretty accurate depiction of politics today and it is frightening , " he laughs .
" Twenty - three - year - old spin doctors are really running the world . "
The film , which marks Iannucci 's big - screen directorial debut , premiered to rave reviews this week .
" I am surprised , " says Iannucci .
" I came out here not knowing what the reaction would be .
I did n't know whether American audiences would get it .
Whether they would buy into all the minutiae of British politics .
You just never know .
I mean , look at the Chief Justice this week .
On one of the biggest days of his life , he screws up the oath of office .
He was obviously very nervous .
So you never know how things are going to go . "
Critics at Sundance are already predicting that In the Loop will be the best British film of the year .
" Yes but it 's only January , " deadpans Iannucci .
" But I 'm glad they like it .
I suppose because we spent a lot of time – although it 's set in a political world – not making it political .
It 's more about office politics and personalities rather than the big picture . "
Sundance has always been important for American independent film - makers but it 's become just as important for the British .
Ever since a low - budget English film with a funny name ( Four Weddings and a Funeral , 1994 ) drove Sundance audiences crazy and sparked a renaissance in British cinema , UK film - makers have flocked to Park City every January .
Himesh Kar , senior executive of the UK Film Council 's New Cinema Fund agrees .
" I think for indie film - makers it 's one of the crucial film festivals and historically it can be huge for UK film - makers .
It can really launch careers and launch films .
I guess the best example is Man on Wire , which debuted at Sundance last year and now , of course , has got its Oscar nomination . "
The council has 12 features in the festival this year and several of them have already generated a buzz .
Director Lone Scherfig's An Education , a 1960s - set tale about a bright 16 - year - old ( Carey Mulligan ) who is swept off her feet by a much older man ( Peter Sarsgaard ) , has received glowing reviews .
Written by Nick Hornby , the film also stars Emma Thompson and Alfred Molina , but it 's the 23 - year - old Mulligan who is being hailed as the breakout star of the festival .
Duncan Jones , David Bowie 's son , also received positive reviews this week for his debut feature film Moon , an atmospheric sci- fi drama about the adversity faced by an astronaut ( Sam Rockwell ) about to return to Earth after three years on the moon .
Speculation is rife that Pete Travis 's Endgame will be another of the Brit pack to make a quick sale during Sundance .
The apartheid thriller stars William Hurt and Chiwetel Ejiofor .
" It 's extraordinary for me to be here , " says Travis , who was a social worker in King 's Cross before he " accidentally " discovered film - making .
" To have a film like this , which is particularly relevant here , especially at this time in American history with a new president and all the hope that goes with that , it just makes it really special . "
ATLANTA  A man awaiting trial in a Georgia prison has spent the last eight months without a lawyer while prosecutors prepare a death penalty case against him , a lawsuit brought on his behalf says .
The suit , filed for Jamie R. Weis by four Atlanta lawyers , calls the lapse in legal representation “ an unprecedented deprivation of counsel in modern times . ”
It names as defendants two leaders of Georgia ’s public defender system .
“ There ’s nothing more fundamental and more important to somebody facing the death penalty than adequate counsel , ” said one of the lawyers , Stephen B. Bright , director of the Southern Center for Human Rights .
“ The idea that somebody would go even one week without a lawyer is unthinkable . ”
Mr. Weis , 31 , who is charged with murder , was initially represented by two lawyers in private practice , the suit says , but the state ’s public defender system did not have the money to pay them , and they were removed from the case in November 2007 .
Two public defense lawyers were then assigned .
But they too were removed , having objected that they did not have the time or resources for a capital case .
Do you manage other programmers , in any capacity ?
Then take Kathy Sierra 's quiz :
Do you pride yourself on being " on top of " the projects or your direct reports ?
Do you have a solid grasp of the details of every project ?
Do you believe that you could perform most of the tasks of your direct reports , and potentially do a better job ?
Do you pride yourself on frequent communication with your employees ?
Does that communication include asking them for detailed status reports and updates ?
Do you believe that being a manager means that you have more knowledge and skills than your employees , and thus are better equipped to make decisions ?
Do you believe that you care about things ( quality , deadlines , etc. ) more than your employees ?
A " yes " to any of these -- even a half - hearted " maybe " -- means you might be creating Micromanagement Zombies .
That 's right , Zombies .
Mindless automatons who can barely do anything except exactly what they are ordered to do , and even then , only when someone is strictly monitoring what they 're doing and how they 're doing it .
Micromanaging the people you work with is arguably the exact opposite of what a competent team leader or manager should be spending their time doing .
So if you 're micromanaging at all , even the teeny tiniest little bit , step back and take a long , hard look .
It 's a sign of deeper problems .
Beyond that , who the heck wants to work with zombies anyway ?
Should n't you endeavor to work with the type of people who are good enough at their jobs that they can make sensible decisions about what they 're doing ?
And they 're not constantly trying to eat your brain ?
Well , figuratively speaking .
Building teams is like building software .
It 's easier to describe what not to do than it is to identify the intangibles that make good software development teams jell .
But it 's pretty clear that micromanagement is one of the biggest risks .
In Peopleware , DeMarco and Lister establish seven anti-patterns they dubbed Teamicide :
Defensive Management Bureaucracy Physical Separation Fragmentation of People 's Time Quality Reduction of the Product Phony Deadlines Clique Control
Wondering what number one encompasses ?
You guessed it : micromanagement .
If you 're the manager , of course you 're going to feel that your judgment is better than that of people under you .
You have more experience and perhaps a higher standard of excellence than they have ; that 's how you got to be the manager .
At any point in the project where you do n't interpose your own judgment , your people are more likely to make a mistake .
So what ?
Let them make some mistakes .
That does n't mean you can't override a decision ( very occasionally ) or give specific direction to the project .
But if the staff comes to believe it's not allowed to make any errors of its own , the message that you do n't trust them comes through loud and clear .
There is no message you can send that will better inhibit team formation .
Most managers give themselves excellent grades on knowing when to trust their people and when not to .
But in our experience , too many managers err on the side of mistrust .
They follow the basic premise that their people may operate completely autonomously , as long as they operate correctly .
This amounts to no autonomy at all .
The only freedom that has any meaning is the freedom to proceed differently from the way your manager would have proceeded .
This is true in a broader sense , too :
The right to be right ( in your manager 's eyes or in your government 's eyes ) is irrelevant ; it 's only the right to be wrong that makes you free .
The most obvious defensive management ploys are prescriptive Methodologies ( " My people are too dumb to build systems without them " ) and technical interference by the manager .
Both are doomed to fail in the long run .
In addition , they make for efficient teamicide .
People who feel untrusted have little inclination to bond together into a cooperative team .
In the end , is n't trust what this is about ?
If you do n't trust the people you work with -- and most importantly , actively demonstrate that trust through your actions -- should you really be working with them at all ?
BENIGN PAROXYSMAL POSITIONAL VERTIGO
Timothy C. Hain , MD • Page last modified : September 26 , 2020
Causes • Diagnosis• Treatment
In Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo ( BPPV ) dizziness is generally thought to be due to debris which has collected within a part of the inner ear .
This debris can be thought of as " ear rocks " , although the formal name is " otoconia " .
Ear rocks are small crystals of calcium carbonate derived from a structure in the ear called the " utricle " ( figure1 on right ) .
While the saccule also contains otoconia , they are not able to migrate into the canal system .
The utricle may have been damaged by head injury , infection , or other disorder of the inner ear , or may have degenerated because of advanced age .
Normal otoconia appear to have a very slow turnover , probably not fast enough to replace loss due to age or trauma .
Loose otoconia are probably dissolved actively reabsorbed by the " dark cells " of the labyrinth ( Lim , 1973 , 1984 ) , which are found adjacent to the utricle and the crista .
BPPV is a common cause of dizziness .
On average , about 1.6 % of the population has BPPV each year ( Neuhauser and Lempert , 2009 ) , of whom about 0.6 % had it begin that year .
About 20 % of all dizziness seen in medical offices is due to BPPV .
BPPV can occur in children ( Uneri and Turkdogan , 2003 ) but it is rare .
BPPV is much more common in older persons , and the number of people ( i.e. prevalence ) in the population increases linearly with age ( Froehling et al , 1991 ) .
About 50 % of all dizziness in older people is due to BPPV .
In one study , 9 % of a group of urban dwelling elders were found to have undiagnosed BPPV ( Oghalai et al. , 2000 ) .
If one looks at the number of patients that are seen in dizzy clinics , the peak age for BPPV is roughly 60 ( see below ) .
This is due to a combination of the age - risk of BPPV combined with the larger number of persons in the population at certain ages .
Above the age of 60 , 3.4 % of the population has BPPV every year ( Neuhauser and Lempert , 2009 ) .
The symptoms of BPPV include dizziness or vertigo , lightheadedness , imbalance , and nausea .
Activities which bring on symptoms will vary among persons , but symptoms are almost always precipitated by a change of position of the head with respect to gravity .
Getting out of bed or rolling over in bed are common " problem " motions .
Because people with BPPV often feel dizzy and unsteady when they tip their heads back to look up , sometimes BPPV is called " top shelf vertigo . "
Women with BPPV may find that the use of shampoo bowls in beauty parlors brings on symptoms .
Some Yoga postures or Pilates positions are the trigger .
An intermittent pattern is common .
BPPV may be present for a few weeks , then stop , then come back again .
Supplemental material : Animation of otoconia being displaced into posterior canal
WHAT CAUSES BPPV ?
BPPV is mainly encountered in persons with advancing age ( Froeling et al , 1991 ) and in older people , the most common cause is degeneration of the vestibular system of the inner ear -- " wear and tear " involving the otoliths .
In these cases , BPPV is called " idiopathic " , but nevertheless the general opinion is that it is usually due to degeneration .
The most common cause of BPPV in people under age 50 is head injury .
The head injury need not be that direct - - even whiplash injuries have a substantial incidence of BPPV ( Dispenza et al , 2011 ) .
Between 8 % and 20 % of BPPV is attributed to trauma .
While one does not usually think of surgery as trauma , nevertheless BPPV can follow surgery , including dental work , where the cause is felt to be a combination of a prolonged period of supine positioning with vibration from drilling , or after surgery to the inner ear ( Atacan et al 2001 ) .
The resolution rate of BPPV due to trauma and nontraumatic BPPV is similar ( Aron et al , 2015 , Luryi 2019 ) , but the trauma group may require more maneuvers to cure and also are more likely to recur ( Chen et al , 2019 ) .
There is also a strong association of BPPV with migraine ( Ishiyama et al , 2000 ) .
Viruses affecting the ear such as those causing vestibular neuritis and Meniere 's disease are significant causes ( Batatsouras et al , 2012 ) .
While gentamicin toxicity as a cause is rarely encountered , BPPV is common in persons who have been treated with ototoxic medications such as gentamicin ( Black et al , 2004 ) .
Other causes of positional symptoms are discussed here .
HOW IS THE DIAGNOSIS OF BPPV MADE ?
A physician can make the diagnosis based on history , findings on physical examination , and the results of vestibular and auditory tests .
Often , the diagnosis can be made with history and physical examination alone .
The figure to the right illustrates the Dix - Hallpike test .
In this test , a person is brought from sitting to a supine position , with the head turned 45 degrees to one side and extended about 20 degrees backward .
A positive Dix -Hallpike tests consists of a burst of nystagmus ( jumping of the eyes ) .
The eyes jump upward as well as twist so that the top part of the eye jumps toward the down side .
Click here to see a movie of BPPV nystagmus .
( 13 meg download ) -- it takes about 10 seconds to get going .
The test for BPPV can be made more sensitive by having the patient wear Frenzel goggles or a video goggle .
Most doctors and physical therapists that specialize in seeing dizzy patients have these in their office .
With respect to history , the key observation is that dizziness is triggered by lying down , or on rolling over in bed .
Most other conditions that have positional dizziness get worse on standing rather than lying down ( e.g. orthostatic hypotension ) .
There are some conditions that have symptoms that resemble BPPV .
Patients with certain types of central vertigo caused by cerebellar injuries can have similar symptoms .
Patients with migraine associated vertigo can also sometimes show eye movements resembling bilateral BPPV .
Electronystagmography ( ENG ) testing may be needed to look for the characteristic nystagmus ( jumping of the eyes ) induced by the Dix - Hallpike test ( also see here PC BPPV ) .
For diagnosis of BPPV with laboratory tests , it is important to have the ENG test done by a laboratory that can measure vertical eye movements .
A magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scan will be performed if a stroke or brain tumor is suspected .
A rotatory chair test may be used for difficult diagnostic problems .
It is possible but uncommon ( 5 % ) to have BPPV in both ears ( bilateral BPPV ) .
HOW IS BPPV TREATED ?
BPPV has often been described as " self - limiting " because symptoms often subside or disappear within 1 - 2 months of onset ( Imai et al , 2005 ) .
BPPV is not life - threatening .
One can certainly opt to just wait it out .
No active treatment ( wait / see ) :
If you decide to wait it out , certain modifications in your daily activities may be necessary to cope with your dizziness .
Use two or more pillows at night .
Avoid sleeping on the " bad " side .
In the morning , get up slowly and sit on the edge of the bed for a minute .
Avoid bending down to pick up things , and extending the head , such as to get something out of a cabinet .
Be careful when at the dentist 's office , the beauty parlor when lying back having ones hair washed , when participating in sports activities and when you are lying flat on your back .
Similarly be cautious with chiropractic treatments that may jostle the head .
Symptoms tend to wax and wane .
Motion sickness medications are sometimes helpful in controlling the nausea associated with BPPV but are otherwise rarely beneficial .
As BPPV can last for much longer than 2 months , in our opinion , it is better to treat it actively and be done with it rather than taking the wait / see approach .
OFFICE TREATMENT OF BPPV : The Epley and Semont Maneuvers
There are two treatments of BPPV that are usually performed in the doctor 's office .
Both treatments are very effective , with roughly an 80 % cure rate , ( Herdman et al , 1993 ; Helminski et al , 2010 ) .
If your doctor is unfamiliar with these treatments , you can find a list of clinicians who have indicated that they are familiar with the maneuver from the Vestibular Disorders Association ( VEDA ) .
Recently , due to the Covid - 19 epidemic , it is now somewhat possible to perform this maneuver remotely as insurance coverage is available for remote treatment .
See this page for more information about telemed Epley maneuvers .
The Epley and Semont maneuvers , named after their inventors , are both intended to move debris or " ear rocks " out of the sensitive part of the ear ( posterior canal ) to a less sensitive location .
Each maneuver takes about 15 minutes to complete .
The Semont maneuver ( also called the " liberatory " maneuver ) involves a procedure whereby the patient is rapidly moved from lying on one side to lying on the other ( Levrat et al , 2003 ) .
It is a brisk maneuver that is not currently favored in the United States , but it is 90 % effective after 4 treatment sessions .
In our opinion , it is equivalent to the Epley maneuver as the head orientation with respect to gravity is very similar , omitting only ' C ' from the figure to the right .
Because the head positions are the same , the results are the same .
The Epley maneuver is also called the particle repositioning or canalith repositioning procedure .
It was invented by Dr. John Epley , and is illustrated in figure 2 on the right ( for the right ear ) .
Click here for a low bandwidth animation .
It involves sequential movement of the head into four positions , staying in each position for roughly 30 seconds .
One starts ( B ) with the bad ear down -- for the left ear , one just mirrors the maneuver starting with the left ear down .
The recurrence rate for BPPV after these maneuvers and resolution is about 22 percent at one year , and a second treatment ( or more ) may be necessary .
There is also a maneuver called the " Foster maneuver " , which involves moving the head forward rather than backwards as in the Semont and Epley .
This maneuver can also be used with similar results to the Semont and Epley .
We think this maneuver is a little trickier to pull off than the Epley .
When performing the Epley maneuver , caution is advised should neurological symptoms ( for example , weakness , numbness , visual changes other than vertigo ) occur .
Occasionally such symptoms are caused by compression of the vertebral arteries ( Sakaguchi et al , 2003 ) , and if one persists for a long time , a stroke could occur .
If the exercises are being performed without medical supervision , we advise stopping the exercises and consulting a physician .
If the exercises are being supervised , given that the diagnosis of BPPV is well established , in most cases we modify the maneuver so that the positions are attained with body movements rather than head movements .
After either of these maneuvers , you should be prepared to follow the instructions below , which are aimed at reducing the chance that debris might fall back into the sensitive back part of the ear .
Supplemental material : Animation of Epley Maneuver .
Note that this maneuver is done faster in the animation than in the clinic .
Usually one allows 30 seconds between positions .
Also note that there are many " youtube " video's of the Epley as well as many other maneuvers , some of which are a little suspicious .
The BPPV DVD referenced at the top of this page shows the standard procedure for the home - Epley as well as several other home BPPV treatments .
INSTRUCTIONS FOR PATIENTS AFTER OFFICE TREATMENTS
( Epley or Semont maneuvers )
1 . Wait for 10 minutes after the maneuver is performed before going home .
This is to avoid " quick spins , " or brief bursts of vertigo as debris repositions itself immediately after the maneuver .
Do n't drive yourself home .
2 . Sleep semi-recumbent for the next night .
This means sleep with your head halfway between being flat and upright ( a 45 degree angle ) .
This is most easily done by using a recliner chair or by using pillows arranged on a couch ( see figure to right ) .
During the day , try to keep your head vertical .
You must not go to the hairdresser or dentist for 24 hours .
Shampoo only under the shower .
There is some disagreement about the value of this procedure -- many authors suggest that no special sleeping positions are necessary ( Cohen , 2004 ; Massoud and Ireland , 1996 ; Devaiah et al , 2010 ; Papacharalampous et al , 2012 ) .
We , as do others , think that there is value ( Cakir et al , 2006 ) .
See this page for a literature review about post - maneuver restrictions .
3 .
For at least one week , avoid provoking head positions that might bring BPPV on again .
Use two pillows when you sleep .
Avoid sleeping on the " bad " side .
Do n't turn your head far up or far down .
Be careful to avoid head - extended position , in which you are lying on your back , especially with your head turned towards the affected side .
This means be cautious at the beauty parlor , dentist 's office , and while undergoing minor surgery .
Try to stay as upright as possible .
Exercises for low - back pain should be stopped for a week .
No " sit-ups " should be done for one week and no " crawl " swimming .
( Breast stroke is OK . )
Also avoid far head - forward positions such as might occur in certain exercises ( i.e. touching the toes ) .
Do not start doing the Brandt - Daroff exercises immediately or 2 days after the Epley or Semont maneuver , unless specifically instructed otherwise by your health care provider .
Again , the value of post - maneuver restrictions is probably small , and it is also OK to just go about your life ( but we think a little riskier ) .
4 .
At one week after treatment , put yourself in the position that usually makes you dizzy .
Position yourself cautiously and under conditions in which you can't fall or hurt yourself .
Let your doctor know how you did .
Variant office maneuvers for PC BPPV :
While some authors advocate use of vibration in the Epley maneuver , we have not found this useful in a study of our patients ( Hain et al , 2000 ) .
There is some rationale for its use in cupulolithasis or refractory BPPV .
Use of an antiemetic prior to the maneuver may be helpful if nausea is anticipated .
Some authors suggest that position ' D ' in the figure is not necessary ( e.g. Cohen et al .
1999 ; Cohen et al. 2004 ) .
In our opinion , this is a mistake as mathematical modeling of BPPV suggests that position ' D ' is the most important position ( Squires et al , 2004 ) .
Mathematical modeling also suggests that position ' C ' is probably not needed .
In our opinion , position ' C ' has utility as it gives patients a chance to regroup between position ' B ' and ' D ' .
The " Gans " maneuver .
This is a little used treatment maneuver , called the " Gans maneuver " by its inventor ( R. Gans , Ph.D. ) , that is a hybrid between the Epley and Semont maneuvers .
It incorporates the head orientations to gravity of " B " and " D " in the Epley figure above , using the body positions of the Semont maneuver .
It leaves out position ' C ' in the figure above .
There is too little published experience with this maneuver to say whether it is as effective as the Epley / Semont but we suspect that it has the same efficacy , as it uses the same head orientations with respect to gravity .
WHAT IS THE PROOF THAT THE EPLEY / SEMONT MANEUVERS WORK ?
Many patients have been reported in controlled studies .
The median response in treated patients was 81 % , compared to 37 . % in placebo or untreated subjects .
A metanalysis published in 2010 indicated that there is very good evidence that the Epley maneuver ( CRP ) is effective ( Helminski et al , 2010 ) .
See here for the details .
WHAT IF THE MANEUVERS FOR BPPV DON'T WORK ?
While the Epley maneuver works roughly 50 - 75 % of the time on the first occasion they are used , this means the other 25 % are either not " fixed " , or just partially better , or perhaps even worse ( about 5 % ) .
For this reason , in persons who have continued dizziness , a follow - up visit is scheduled and another nystagmus test with video - Frenzel goggles is done .
It is common to have a follow - up visit once / week for roughly a month .
There are several possible reasons for continued dizziness after a physical treatment for BPPV : Maneuver did n't work ( should keep treating for a reasonable number -- about 4 is usually reasonable -- attempts )
Canal conversion ( should change treatment to the new canal )
Another problem in addition to BPPV ( e.g. Migraine -- should change treatment )
Canal Jam , or narrow spot in a canal .
Other complications
It does not appear that the reason for BPPV -- idiopathic vs. trauma -- affects the symptom resolution rate ( Aron et al , 2015 ; Luryi , 2019 ) .
Bizarrely , some insurance companies , in what we consider a misguided attempt to save money , suggest that positional nystagmus tests for dizziness that guide treatment once / week are " too frequent " .
This is in spite of reports that it often takes a few visits to treat BPPV ( Hughes et al , 2016 ) .
This insurance company logic is seriously flawed .
Just imagine -- what if insurance companies tried to save money by limiting the number of EKG's that can be done in a person with a heart attack ?
Insurance would pay less but more people would die .
With BPPV , one needs to see the results of the last treatment , and be sure that things have n't changed .
Similarly , it would be ridiculous to prevent a cardiologist from checking an EKG on a patient who had sustained a heart attack , but was not in chest pain .
You can see how this logic applies to follow - up testing for BPPV .
The office maneuvers for BPPV , perhaps provided on 2 or 3 occasions , are effective in 85 - 95 % of patients with BPPV .
If you are among the other remainder , or your symptoms are mild enough that the trouble of travelling is more than it is worth , or you live far away , your doctor may wish you to proceed with the home Epley exercises , as described below .
If a maneuver works but symptoms recur or the response is only partial ( about 40 % of the time according to Smouha , 1997 ) , another trial of the maneuver might be advised .
When all maneuvers have been tried , the diagnosis is clear , and symptoms are still intolerable , surgical management ( posterior canal plugging ) may be offered .
This is exceedingly rare .
Occasional patients travel to a facility where a device is available to position the head and body to make the maneuvers more effective .
See this page for more information about this option .
As one can usually get to any position through moving the head and body around , unless you are very unwieldy , these devices are likely an " overkill " .
BPPV often recurs .
About 1/3 of patients have a recurrence in the first year after treatment , and by five years , about half of all patients have a recurrence ( Hain et al , 2000 ; Nunez et al ; 2000 ; Sakaida et al , 2003 ) .
If BPPV recurs , in our practice we usually re-treat with one of the maneuvers above .
While daily use of exercises would seem sensible , we did not find it to prevent recurrence ( Helminski et al , 2005 ; Helminski and Hain , 2008 ) .
In some persons , the positional vertigo can be eliminated but imbalance persists .
Kitahara et al ( 2018 ) reported that nearly 33 % of their patients were " intractable " .
This may be related to utricular damage ( Hong et al , 2008 ) .
See this page for some other ideas .
In these persons it may be reasonable to undertake a course of generic vestibular rehabilitation , as they may still need to compensate for a changed utricular mass or a component of persistent vertigo caused by cupulolithiasis .
Conventional vestibular rehabilitation has some efficacy , even without specific maneuvers .
( Angeli , Hawley et al .
2003 ; Fujino et al , 1994 )
HOME TREATMENT OF BPPV :
There are many home maneuvers for the most common type of BPPV ( Posterior canal ) .
There are so many home maneuvers that we wrote a separate page to describe them .
( POSTERIOR CANAL PLUGGING AND SINGULAR NERVE SECTION )
Although effective ( Mass et al , 2020 ) , the frequency of surgical treatment has been dropping rapidly in favor of other treatments ( Leveque et al , 2007 ) .
Only about 1/200 our BPPV patients eventually have this procedure done .
We have not had any patients go for surgery for at least 10 years .
Surgery should not be considered until all three maneuvers / exercises ( Office Epley , Office Semont , Home Epley ) have been attempted and failed .
We also think a trial of vibration to the mastoid is reasonable .
Surgical treatment of BPPV is not easy -- your local ear doctor will probably have had no experience at all with this operation .
Of course , it is always advisable when planning surgery to select a surgeon who has had as wide an experience as possible .
Complications are rare ( Rizvi and Gauthier , 2002 ) , but nevertheless one should still think carefully about undergoing a procedure that has a 3 % risk of unilateral hearing loss .
Indications for surgery :
If the exercises described above are ineffective in controlling symptoms , symptoms have persisted for a year or longer , and the diagnosis is very clear , a surgical procedure called " posterior canal plugging " may be recommended .
Canal plugging blocks most of the posterior canal 's function without affecting the functions of the other canals or parts of the ear .
This procedure poses a substantial risk to hearing -- ranging from 3 - 20 % , but is effective in about 85 - 90 % of individuals who have had no response to any other treatment ( Mass et al , 2020 ) .
The risk of the surgery to hearing derives from inadvertent breaking into the endolymphatic compartment while attempting to open the bony labyrinth with a drill .
Sensibly , canal plugging for BPPV ( note the first letter stands for " benign " ) is rarely undertaken these days due to the risk to hearing .
Alternatives to plugging .
Singular nerve section is the main alternative .
Dr Gacek ( Syracuse , New York ) has written extensively about singular nerve section ( Gacek et al , 1995 ) .
Interestingly , Dr. Gacek is the only surgeon who has published any results with this procedure post 1993 ( Leveque et al , 2007 ) .
Singular nerve section is very difficult because it can be hard to find the singular nerve .
Dr. Anthony ( Houston , Texas ) , advocates laser assisted posterior canal plugging .
It seems to us that these procedures , which require unusual amounts of surgical skill , have little advantage over a conventional canal plugging procedure .
Do n't do these surgical procedures for BPPV
There are several surgical procedures that we feel are simply inadvisable for the individual with intractable BPPV .
Vestibular nerve section , while effective , eliminates more of the normal vestibular system than is necessary .
Similarly , transtympanic gentamicin treatment is generally inappropriate .
Labyrinthectomy and sacculotomy are also both inappropriate because of reduction or loss of hearing expected with these procedures .
Singular nerve section appears to be too difficult for most otologic surgeons .
ATYPICAL BPPV
Lateral Canal BPPV , Anterior Canal BPPV , Cupulolithiasis , Vestibulolithiasis , Multicanal patterns
There are several rarer variants of BPPV which may occur spontaneously as well as after the Brandt - Daroff maneuvers or Epley / Semont maneuvers .
They are mainly thought to be caused by migration of otoconial debris into canals other than the posterior canal , such as the anterior or lateral canal .
Debris may also migrate into or out of the short arm of the PC ( on diagram , where arrow says " vestibulolithiasis " ) .
It is also possible that some are due to other conditions such as brainstem or cerebellar damage , but clinical experience suggests that this is very rare .
There is presently no data reported as to the frequency and extent of these syndromes following treatment procedures .
It is the author 's estimate that they occur in roughly 5 % of Epley maneuvers .
In nearly all instances , with the exception of cupulolithiasis , these variants of BPPV following maneuvers resolve within a week without any special treatment , but when they do not , there are procedures available to treat them .
It is especially common to have supine downbeating nystagmus after a successful Epley maneuver ( Cambi et al , 2012 ) .
This should not be of any concern as long as it is unaccompanied by upbeating nystagmus on sitting ( which suggests anterior canal BPPV ) .
In clinical practice , atypical BPPV arising spontaneously is first treated with maneuvers as is typical BPPV , and the special treatments as outlined below are entered into only after treatment failure .
When atypical BPPV follows the Epley , Semont or Brandt - Daroff maneuvers , specific exercises are generally begun as soon as the diagnosis is ascertained .
In patients in whom the exercise treatment of atypical BPPV fails , especially in situations where onset is spontaneous , additional diagnostic testing such as MRI scanning may be indicated .
The reason for this is to look for other types of positional vertigo .
Lateral canal BPPV is the most common atypical BPPV variant , accounting for about 3 - 12 percent of cases ( Korres et al , 2002 ; Hornibrook 2004 ) .
Many cases are seen as a consequence of an Epley maneuver .
It is diagnosed by a horizontal nystagmus that changes direction according to the ear that is down .
More detail about lateral canal BPPV as well as an illustration of a home exercise can be found here Anterior canal BPPV is also rare , and a large study suggested that it accounts for about 2 % of cases of BPPV ( Korres et al , 2002 ) .
It is diagnosed by a positional nystagmus with components of downbeating and ( sometimes ) torsional movement on taking up the Dix - Hallpike position .
More detail about anterior canal BPPV as well as an illustration of a home exercise can be found here Cupulolithiasis is a condition in which debris is stuck to the cupula of a semicircular canal , rather than being loose within the canal .
Cupulolithiasis should result in a constant nystagmus .
This pattern is sometimes seen ( Smouha et al. 1995 ) .
Cupulolithiasis might theoretically occur in any canal -- horizontal , anterior or vertical , each of which might have it's own pattern of positional nystagmus .
If cupulolithiasis of the posterior canal is suspected , it seems logical to treat with either the Epley with vibration , or alternatively , use the Semont maneuver .
Other maneuvers have been proposed for lateral canal cupulolithiasis .
There are no controlled studies of cupulolithiasis to indicate which strategy is the most effective .
Vestibulolithiasis is a hypothetical condition in which debris is present on the vestibule - side of the cupula , rather than being on the canal side .
For this theory , there is loose debris , close to but unattached to the cupula of the posterior canal , possibly in the vestibule or short arm of the semicircular canal .
This mechanism would be expected to resemble cupulolithiasis , having a persistent upbeating nystagmus , but with intermittency because the debris is movable .
Very little data is available as to the frequency of this pattern , and no data is available regarding treatment .
Multicanal BPPV .
If debris can get into one canal , why should n't it be able to get into more than one ?
It is common to find small amounts of horizontal nystagmus or contralateral downbeating nystagmus in a person with classic posterior canal BPPV .
While other explanations are possible , the most likely one is that there is debris in multiple canals .
Gradually a literature is developing about these situations ( Bertholon et al , 2005 ) .
The response to physical therapy based treatment for multi-canal BPPV is lower than single - canal BPPV ( Song et al , 2015 ) .
WHERE ARE BPPV EVALUATIONS AND TREATMENTS DONE ?
The Vestibular Disorders Association ( VEDA ) maintains a list of doctors , audiologists and physical therapists who claim that they have proficiency in treating BPPV .
This is one way to a local treating health care provider interested in treating this condition .
We think it is best to select someone who treats BPPV at least on a weekly basis , or if this is not possible , someone who has attended a course on vestibular rehabilitation AND who has the equipment in their office to visualize BPPV ( i.e. Frenzel goggles ) .
Because BPPV is so common , most major cities will have at least one person who fits these minimal criteria .
Of course , someone who treats BPPV and similar conditions as their main work activity is best .
These people are usually called " vestibular physical therapists " or VPT .
If a physical therapist gives you Brandt - Daroff maneuvers to do , or puts their main emphasis on treatment of neck mobility -- they are probably not very knowledgable about BPPV .
Acknowledgements
Published literature referred to above :
Ahmed RM , Pohl DV , MacDougall HG , Makeham T , Halmagyi GM .
Posterior semicircular canal occlusion for intractable benign positional vertigo : outcome in 55 ears in 53 patients operated upon over 20 years .
J Laryngol Otol. 2012 Jul ; 126(7):677-82 . doi : 10.1017/S0022215112000758 . Epub 2012 May 15 .
Amin M , Giradi M , Neill M , Hughes LF , Konrad H. Effects of exercise on prevention of recurrence of BPPV symptoms .
ARO abstracts , 1999 , # 774
Angeli , S. I. , R. Hawley , et al. ( 2003 ) .
" Systematic approach to benign paroxysmal positional vertigo in the elderly . "
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 128( 5 ) : 719-25 .
Aron M , Lea J , Nakku D , Westerberg BD.Symptom Resolution Rates of Posttraumatic versus Nontraumatic Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo : A Systematic Review .
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2015 Nov;153(5):721-30 . doi : 10.1177/0194599815594384 . Epub 2015 Jul 16 .
ATACAN E , Sennaroglu L , Genc A , Kaya S. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo after stapedectomy .
Laryngoscope 2001 ; 111 : 1257-9 .
Balatsouras DG , Ganelis P , Aspris A , Economou NC , Moukos A , Koukoutsis G. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo associated with Meniere 's disease : epidemiological , pathophysiologic , clinical , and therapeutic aspects .
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol .
2012 Oct;121(10 ) :682-8 .
Bertholon , P. , A. M. Bronstein , et al. ( 2002 ) .
" Positional down beating nystagmus in 50 patients : cerebellar disorders and possible anterior semicircular canalithiasis . "
J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry 72(3 ) : 366-72 .
BERTHOLON P , Chelikh L , Tringali S , Timoshenko A , et al .
Combined horizontal and posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo in three patients with head trauma .
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol 2005 ; 114:105-10 .
Black FO , Pesznecker SC , Homer L , Stallings V. Benign paroxysmal positional nystagmus in hospitalized subjects receiving ototoxic medications .
Otol Neurotol 2004 : 25( 3 ) ; 353-8
Brandt T , Daroff RB . Physical therapy for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Arch Otolaryngol 1980 Aug;106(8):484-485 .
Brandt T , Steddin S , Daroff RB .
Therapy for benign paroxysmal positioning vertigo , revisited .
Neurology 1994 May ;44(5):796-800 .
Cakir et al ( 2006 ) .
Efficay of postural restriction in treating benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Arch OHNS , 132 , 5 , 501-505
Cambi J and many others .
Natural course of positional dowbeating nystagmus of peripheral origin .
J. Neurol , 2012
Chen G , Li Y , Si J , Zhao X , Zhang T , Dai X , Yu G. Treatment and recurrence of traumatic versus idiopathic benign paroxysmal positional vertigo : a meta-analysis .
Acta Otolaryngol .
2019 Sep;139(9):727-733. doi : 10.1080/00016489.2019.1632484 . Epub 2019 Jul 3 .
Cohen , H. S. , et al. ( 1999 ) .
" Efficacy of treatments for posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo . "
Laryngoscope 109 ( 4 ) : 584-90 .
Cohen , H. S. , et al. ( 2004 ) .
" Treatment variations on the Epley maneuver for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo . "
Am J Otolaryngol 25 ( 1 ) : 33 -7 .
Devaiah , A. K. and S. Andreoli ( 2010 ) .
" Postmaneuver restrictions in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo : an individual patient data meta-analysis . "
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 142( 2 ) : 155-159 .
Dispenza F , De Stefano A , Mathur N , Croce A , Gallina S. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo following whiplash injury : a myth or a reality ?
. Am J Otolaryngol .
2011 Sep - Oct;32(5):376-80 .
Epub 2010 Sep 15 .
Epley JM .
The canalith repositioning procedure : For treatment of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 1992 Sep;107(3):399-404 .
Fife TD . Recognition and management of horizontal canal benign positional vertigo .
Am J Otol 1998 May;19(3):345-351 .
Fujino A and others .
Vestibular training for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Arch Otolaryngol HNS 1994:120:497-504 .
Froehling DA , Silverstein MD , Mohr DN , Beatty CW , Offord KP , Ballard DJ .
Benign positional vertigo : incidence and prognosis in a population - based study in Olmsted County , Minnesota .
Mayo Clin Proc 1991 Jun;66(6):596-601 .
Furman , J. M. and T. C. Hain ( 2004 ) .
" " Do try this at home " : self - treatment of BPPV . "
Neurology 63 ( 1 ) : 8 - 9 .
( 1 ) : 8 - 9 . Gacek RR .
Technique and results of singular neurectomy for the management of benign parodxysmal positional vertigo .l Acta Oto-laryngologica 1995 115(2 ) 154-7
Hain TC , Helminski JO , Reis I , Uddin M. Vibration does not improve results of the canalith repositioning maneuver .
Arch Oto HNS , May 2000:126:617-622
Hain , T. C. , T. M. Squires and H. A. Stone ( 2005 ) .
" Clinical implications of a mathematical model of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo . "
Ann N Y Acad Sci 1039 : 384-94 .
: 384-94 . Harvey SA , Hain TC , Adamiec LC .
Modified liberatory maneuver : effective treatment for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Laryngoscope 1994 Oct;104(10 ) :1206-1212 .
Helminski , J. O. , I. Janssen , D. Kotaspouikis , et al. ( 2005 ) .
" Strategies to prevent recurrence of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo . "
Arch Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 131 ( 4 ) : 344-8 .
( 4 ) : 344 - 8 . Helminski JO , Hain TC .
Daily exercise does not prevent recurrence of Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo .
Otol Neurotol 29:976-961 , 2008
Helminski JO , Zee DS , Janssen I , Hain TC. ( 2010 ) .
Effectiveness of particle repositioning maneuvers in the treatment of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo : a systematic review .
Physical Therapy 90(5 ) 1-16
Herdman SJ .
Treatment of benign paroxysmal vertigo .
Phys Ther 1990 Jun;70(6):381-388 .
Herdman SJ , Tusa RJ , Zee DS , Proctor LR , Mattox DE .
Single treatment approaches to benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Arch Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 1993 Apr;119(4):450-454 .
Hilton , M ; Pinder , D , Cochrane Ear , Nose and Throat Disorders Group .
The Epley ( canalith repositioning ) manoeuvre for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews .
1 , 2003 .
Hong SM and others .
Subjective visual vertical during eccentric rotation in patients with benign paroxysmal positional Vertigo .
Otology and Neurology , 2008 .
1167-1170 .
Hornibrook , J. ( 2004 ) .
" Horizontal canal benign positional vertigo . "
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol 113 ( 9 ) : 721-5 .
( 9 ) : 721 - 5 . Imai T and others .
Natural course of the remission of vertigo in patients with benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Neurology 2005 : 64:920-923
Ishiyama A , Jacobson KM , Baloh RW .
Migraine and benign positional vertigo .
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol .
2000 ;109:377-380
Kitahara , T. , et al. ( 2019 ) .
" Idiopathic benign paroxysmal positional vertigo with persistent vertigo / dizziness sensation is associated with latent canal paresis , endolymphatic hydrops , and osteoporosis . "
Auris Nasus Larynx 46( 1 ) : 27-33 .
Korres S and others .
Occurrence of semicircular canal involvement in Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo .
Otol Neurotol 23:926-932 , 2002
Lanska DJ , Remler B. Benign paroxysmal positioning vertigo : classic descriptions , origins of the provocative positioning technique , and conceptual developments .
Neurology 1997 May ;48(5) :1167-1177 .
Lempert T , Wolsley C , Davies R , Gresty MA , Bronstein AM .
Three hundred sixty - degree rotation of the posterior semicircular canal for treatment of benign positional vertigo : a placebo - controlled trial .
Neurology 1997 Sep;49(3):729-733 .
Leveque M , Labrousse M , Seidermann L , Chays A. Surgical therapy in intractable benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Oto - HNS .
136 , Issue 5 , May 2007 , Pages 693-698
Levrat and others .
Efficacy of the Semont maneuver in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Arch Otolaryngol HNS 2003:129:629-633
Lim DJ ( 1984 ) .
The development and structure of otoconia .
In : I Friedman , J Ballantyne ( eds ) .
Ultrastructural Atlas of the Inner Ear . London : Butterworth , pp 245-269 .
Li , J. C. ( 1995 ) .
" Mastoid oscillation : a critical factor for success in canalith repositioning procedure . "
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 112 ( 6 ) : 670-5 .
( 6 ) : 670 - 5 . Lynn , S. , A. Pool , et al. ( 1995 ) .
" Randomized trial of the canalith repositioning procedure . "
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 113 ( 6 ) : 712-20 .
( 6 ) : 712-20 .
Luryi AL , LaRouere M , Babu S , Bojrab DI , Zappia J , Sargent EW , Schutt CA .
Traumatic versus Idiopathic Benign Positional Vertigo : Analysis of Disease , Treatment , and Outcome Characteristics .
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2019 Jan;160(1):131-136 . doi : 10.1177/0194599818797892 . Epub 2018 Oct 16 .
Maas , B. , et al. ( 2020 ) .
" Effectiveness of Canal Occlusion for Intractable Posterior Canal Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo : A Systematic Review . "
Otolaryngology - Head & Neck Surgery 162( 1 ) : 40 - 49 .
Massoud EA , Ireland DJ .
Post - treatment instructions in the nonsurgical management of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
J. Otolarynglogy 25( 2) :121-5 , 1996
Moriarty , B. , et al. ( 1992 ) .
" The incidence and distribution of cupular deposits in the labyrinth . " Laryngoscope 102( 1 ) : 56 -9 .
Neuhauser , H. K. and T. Lempert ( 2009 ) .
" Vertigo : epidemiologic aspects . "
Semin Neurol 29 ( 5 ) : 473-481 .
Nunez RA , Cass SP , Furman JM .
Short and long - term outcomes of canalith repositioning for benign paryxosmal positional vertigo .
Otol HNS , May 2000:122:647-52
Oghalai , J. S. , et al. ( 2000 ) .
" Unrecognized benign paroxysmal positional vertigo in elderly patients . "
Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg 122( 5 ) : 630-4 .
Papacharalampous , G. X. , et al. ( 2012 ) .
" The Role of Postural Restrictions after BPPV Treatment : Real Effect on Successful Treatment and BPPV's Recurrence Rates . "
Int J Otolaryngol 2012 : 932847 .
Parnes LS , McClure JA .
Posterior semicircular canal occlusion for intractable benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol 1990 May ; 99 ( 5 Pt 1):330-334 .
Parnes LS .
Update on posterior canal occlusion for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Otolaryngol Clin North Am 1996 Apr;29(2):333-342 .
Parnes LS , Price - Jones RG .
Particle repositioning maneuver for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol 1993 May ; 102(5):325-331 .
Radke A and others .
A modified Epley 's procedure for self - treatment of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Neurology 1999 , 53 : 1358 -1360
Rizvi SS , Gauthier MG .
Unexpected complication of posterior canal occlusion surgery for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Otol and Neurotol 23:938-940 , 2002
Rojas - Burke J. Doctor and invention outlast jeers and threats .
The Oregonian .
Dec 31 , 2006 ( Article about Dr. John Epley -- pdf available ) .
Sakaida M and others .
Long - term outcome of benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Neurology 2003:60:1532-1534
Sakaguchi M , Kitagawa K , Hougaku H , Hashimoto H , Nagai Y , Yamagami H , Ohtsuki T , Oku N , Hashikawa K , Matsushita K , Matsumoto M and Hori M ( 2003 ) .
" Mechanical compression of the extracranial vertebral artery during neck rotation . "
Neurology 61( 6 ) : 845-847 .
Schuknecht , H. F. ( 1969 ) .
" Cupulolithiasis . " Arch Otolaryngol 90 ( 6 ) : 765-78 .
Schuknecht , H. F. , et al. ( 1973 ) .
" Cupulolithiasis . "
Adv Otorhinolaryngol 20 : 434-43 .
Semont A , Freyss G , Vitte E. Curing the BPPV with a liberatory maneuver .
Adv Otorhinolaryngol 1988;42:290-293 .
Smouha EE .
Time course of recovery after Epley maneuvers for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Laryngoscope 1997 107(2 ) 187-91
Song CI1 , Kang BC , Yoo MH , Chung JW , Yoon TH , Park HJ .
Management of 210 patients with benign paroxysmal positional vertigo : AMC protocol and outcomes .
Acta Otolaryngol .
2015 May;135(5):422-8. doi : 10.3109/00016489.2014.993089 . Epub 2015 Feb 13 .
Squires TM , Weidman MS , Hain TC , Stone HA .
A mathematical model for top - shelf vertigo : the role of sedimenting otoconia in BPPV .
J Biomech , 2004 . 37 ( 8 ) : p. 1137 - 46 .
Uneri A , Turkdogan D. Evaluation of vestibular functions in children with vertigo attacks .
Arch Dis Child 2003 Jun ;88( 6) :510-1
Welling DB , Barnes DE . Particle Repositioning maneuver for benign paroxysmal positional vertigo .
Laryngoscope 1994 Aug;104( 8 Pt 1):946-949 .
OTHER REFERENCES CONCERNING
BPPV :
The idea that policies favorable to the wealthy , such as financial deregulation and favorable tax treatment of capital income , will ultimately benefit everybody has been described , pejoratively , as ‘ trickle down ’ economics .
The same idea been summed up , more positively , in the aphorism ‘ a rising tide lifts all boats ’ attributed to John F Kennedy , and a favorite of Clinton advisers such as Gene Sperling and Robert Rubin .
( It should be noted that this phrase is also used in the context of debates over free trade and over the effects of macroeconomic expansion .
While it generally implies that we should focus on expanding aggregate income without too much concern over distribution , it is less sharply focused than the ‘ trickle down ’ pejorative .
Whatever you call it , trickle down economics is one of the casualties of the financial crisis .
I ’m not the first to point this out , and I ’m sure I wo n’t be the last , but here ’s a piece summing up my thoughts .
US experience during the decades of neoliberalism gives little support for this view .
In the period since the economic crisis of the early 1970s , US GDP has grown strongly , and the incomes and wealth of the richest Americans has grown spectacularly .
By contrast , the gains to households in the middle of the income distribution have been much more modest .
Between 1973 ( the last year of the long postwar expansion ) and 2007 , median household income rose from $ 44 000 to just over $ 50 000 , an annual rate of increase of 0.4 per cent .
( More on this here and here )
Household size has decreased , mainly due to declining birth rates .
The most appropriate measure of household size for the purpose of assessing living standards is the number of “ equivalent adults ” derived from a formula that takes account of the fact that children cost less to feed and clothe than adults and that two or more adults living together can do so more cheaply than adults in separate households .
The average household contained 1.86 equivalent adults in 1974 and 1.68 equivalent adults in 2007 ( my calculations on US census data ) .
Income per equivalent adult rose at an annual rate of 0.7 per cent over this period .
For those at the bottom of the income distribution , there have been no gains at all .
Unlike the situation in Australia and other countries where a poverty line is defined in relative terms , as a proportion of average income , the US has a poverty line fixed in real terms , and based on an assessment of a poverty - line standard of living undertaken in 1963 .
The proportion of Americans below this fixed poverty line fell from 25 per cent in the late 1950s to 11 per cent in 1974 .
Since then it has fluctuated , reaching 12.5 per cent in 2007 , a level that is certain to rise as a result of the financial crisis and recession now taking place .
Since the poverty line has remained unchanged , this means that the incomes accruing to the poorest 10 per cent of Americans have actually fallen over the last 30 years .
Other measures yield similar conclusions .
Median earnings for full - time year - round male workers have not grown since 1974 .
Women have done a little better , with median earnings for full - time year - round workers rising by about 0.9 per year over this period .
Overall , the main factors sustaining growth in living standards for American households outside the top 20 per cent have been an increase in the labour force participation of women and a decline in household savings .
Over the period since 1999 , consumption financed by borrowing against home equity has been the main factor offsetting stagnant or declining median household incomes .
Thus , in statistical terms the US offers little support to the trickle down theory .
It is equally important , however , to look at how the theory is supposed to work .
The general idea is that , the more highly owners of capital and highly - skilled managers are rewarded , the more productive they will be .
This will lead both to the provision of goods and services at lower cost and to higher demand for the services of less - skilled workers who will therefore earn higher wages .
The financial sector is the obvious test case for this theory .
Incomes in the financial sector have risen more rapidly than in any other part of the economy , and have played a major role in bidding up the incomes of senior managers and professionals in related fields such as law and accounting .
According to the trickle - down theory , the growth in income accruing to the financial sector benefitted the US population as a whole in three main ways .
First , the facilitation of takeovers , mergers and buyouts by private equity firms offered the opportunity to increase the efficiency with which capital was used , and the productivity of the economy as a whole .
Second , expanded provision of credit to households allowed higher standards of living to be enjoyed , as households could ride out fluctuations in income , bring forward the benefits of future income growth , and draw on the capital gains associated with rising prices for stocks , real estate and other assets .
Finally , there is the classic ‘ trickle - down ’ effect in which the wealth of the financial sector generates demands for luxury goods and services of all kinds , thereby benefitting workers in general , or at least those in cities with high concentrations of financial centre activity such as London and New York .
The bubble years from the early 1990s to 2007 gave some support to all of these claims .
Measured US productivity grew strongly in the 1990s , and moderately in the years after 2000 .
Household consumption also grew strongly , and inequality in consumption was much less than inequality in income or wealth .
And , although income growth was weak for most households , rates of unemployment were low , at least by post - 1970 standards for most of this period .
Very little of this is likely to survive the financial crisis .
At its peak , the financial sector ( finance , insurance and real estate ) accounted for around 18 per cent of GDP and a much larger share of GDP growth .
With professional and business services included , the total share was over 30 per cent .
[ 1]
The finance and business services sector is now contracting , and it is clear that a significant part of the output measured in the bubble years was illusory .
Many investments and financial transactions made during this period have already proved disastrous , and many more seem likely to do so in coming years .
In the process , the apparent productivity gains generated through the expansion of the financial sector will be lost .
The failure of the trickle - down approach has been even more severe in relation to consumer finance .
The idea that increasing income inequality was unimportant when households could borrow to finance growing consumption was never defensible .
The gap between income and consumption had to be filled by a massive increase in debt .
With sufficiently optimistic assumptions about social mobility ( that low - income households were in that state only temporarily ) and asset appreciation ( that the stagnation of median incomes would be offset by capital gains on houses and other investments ) these increases in debt could be made to appear manageable , but once asset prices stopped rising they were shown to be unsustainable .
In the US context , these contradictions have been resolved for individual households by a massive increase in financial breakdowns .
Until 2005 , this mainly took the form of a steady increase in bankruptcy , to the point where Americans were more likely to go bankrupt than to get divorced .
Restrictive reforms introduced at the behest of the credit card industry produced a dramatic drop in bankruptcy ( in part , the lagged counterpart a massive upsurge in 2003 and 2004 as people rushed to get in under the old rules ) .
From 2006 , onwards , bankruptcy rates resumed their upward trend , reaching 1.1 million per year in 2008
This trend attracted little attention as bankruptcies were rapidly overshadowed by foreclosures on home mortgages .
During the boom , when overstretched householders could normally sell at a profit and repay their debts , foreclosures were rare .
From 2007 onwards , however , they increased dramatically , initially among low - income ‘ subprime ’ borrowers but spreading ever more broadly .
2.3 million houses were affected by foreclosure action in 2008 .
In hard - hit areas of California , more than 5 per cent of houses went into foreclosure in a single year
As in other respects , the longer - run implications of the crisis have yet to be fully comprehended .
Even when economic activity recovers , consumer credit will be far more restricted than in past decades .
As a result , there will be no escape from the implications of decades of stagnant wages for workers at the median and below .
Politically , the failure of the trickle - down theory seems likely to produce a resurgence of the class - based politics pronounced dead in the era of economic liberalism .
The contrast between the enforced austerity of any recovery period , and the massive , and massively unjustified , excesses of the financial elite during the boom period , will produce a political environment where phrases like “ malefactors of great wealth ” no longer seem quaint and old fashioned .
( Just after writing this , I Googled it , and found it as the title of a piece in Time Magazine ’s Swampland by Joe Klein , among the most reliable indicators of the political zeitgeist_
fn1 . Here I ’m measuring the ratio of gross FBS output to gross domestic product , which is the figure most relevant to the argument .
The value - added in FRB ( which nets out inputs purchased by the FRB sector ) is smaller , around 20 per cent , but still indicates a highly financialised economy .
Every woman wants to look great all the time .
But there are fashion mistakes that could ruin even the best outfit completely .
I ’m not going to mention such things as wearing oversized clothes or dirty shoes – this is so banal .
I ’m sure , you ’d never wear them .
But here are top 8 fashion mistakes women keep making when choosing clothes to wear .
Find out these fashion faux pas and never do so .
Wearing Low - Neck Dresses and Mini-Skirts Simultaneously
There is nothing more vulgar than wearing deep décolleté dress and seductive mini skirt together .
This set can ruin even the most beautiful figure !
At best , people would think you have a bad taste ; at worst , you would pass for a promiscuous woman .
This kind clothing is good only for R’n ’B videos .
As fashion icon Victoria Beckham puts it , never show off all your charms !
And I agree with her completely .
Whale Tail
A tong riding up pass jeans waist was dubbed a fish tail or a whale tail long ago .
And while earlier fish tails were seen everywhere , today , fortunately , they almost disappeared .
“ What could be less attractive than washed out thong ! ” , says Camilla Morton , author of prominent fashion books .
Curiously , a waistband of boy - cut panties sticking out of the jeans is accepted by fashion critics ( maybe because there is no fish tail ) .
Wearing Sandals with Socks , Pantyhose or Stockings
Sandals have been initially designed as bare footwear , so leave basic design intact .
Moreover , showing off your pantyhose toe seam does not look nice .
So wearing nylons is also bad idea if you have peep - toe shoes on .
You can oppose that we ’ve seen models wearing sandals and slipper - socks .
But we ’ve also seen bare - breast fashion models walking down the cat walk .
Does it mean this style is right for going down the street ?
Check , Stripe and Animal - Print Patterns
Check and stripe patterns look always attractive and stylish , given they are worn separately .
These patterns just do n’t team up .
The combination could destroy any clothing style and visually deform even nice figure .
You also have to be careful about “ animal ” patterns .
Even if leopard spots on your dress perfectly match the spots on your shoes in color and size , remember that having one “ animal ” pattern on is quite enough .
Only one article of dress should be patterned
Shorts and Runner Shoes
If you have shorts on , make sure you wear shoes , sandals or , at least , flats .
Never wear runner shoes and shorts , except for when you are going to exercise .
Runner shoes are not the right footwear to accentuate the beauty of female feet .
That ’s why , follow the simple rule .
If you want to open your feet , choose something more graceful .
Besides , your shorts should not be too tight .
Long Fur Coat and Flat Boots
Long fur coat a priori looks impressive and presentable .
In a way , it indicates your high status , so do n’t “ lower ” your status by wearing flat boots .
In addition , flat boots often have rough forms which do n’t marry fur .
Clothes that Don’t Suit
I ’ll give you simple example – just recently leggings were a fashion craze with fashion magazines showering praise on them and everybody wearing them .
Of course , we all want to look stylish , but let ’s face it – leggings are not for everybody to wear .
They look comic on well - shaped but skinny legs , not to mention they make fatty legs look ugly .
Be frank to yourself – if the dress does not suit you , put it off immediately .
Sparkles and Glamour
Rhinestones , paillette and beads look really awesome .
And even a baseball cap with rhinestones all over would look nice given the rest of your clothes does not glitter .
As far as glamour is concerned , you have to know where enough is enough .
So when you wear a top tube with rhinestones pattern , make sure there are no patterns on your jeans and footwear .
In this case , it would be also smart to avoid bracelets , earrings and glasses with sparkling details .
Source of the image : mlive.com .
How many times have you played out the following scenario ?
Makes local changes to your style sheet (s ) .
Upload the changes to the staging server .
Switch to your browser and hit “ reload ” .
Nothing happens .
Force - reload .
Nothing happens .
Go back to make sure the upload is finished and successful .
Reload again .
Still nothing .
Try sprinkling in ! important .
Upload , reload , nothing .
Start swearing at your computer .
Check Firebug to see what ’s overriding your new styles .
Discover they are n’t being applied at all .
Continue in that vein for several minutes before realizing you were hitting reload while looking at the live production server , not the staging server .
Go to the staging server and see all your changes .
Start swearing at your own idiocy .
This happened to me all the time as we neared completion of the redesign of An Event Apart .
It got to the point that I would deliberately add obvious , easily - fixable - later errors to the staging server ’s styles , like a light red page background .
Now that we ’re launched and I have time to actually , you know , think about how I do this stuff , it occurred to me that what I should have done is create a distinct “ staging ” style sheet with the obvious error or other visual cue .
Maybe repeat the word “ staging ” along the right side of the page with a background image , like a watermark :
html {background : url( staging - bg.png ) 100 % 50 % repeat-y;}
Okay , cool .
Then I just need to have that served up with every page on the staging server , without it showing up on the production server .
One way to do that is just make sure the image file never migrates to production .
That way , even if I accidentally let the above CSS get onto production , the user will never see it .
But that ’s inelegant and wasteful , and fragile to boot : if the styles accidentally migrate , who ’s to say the image wo n’t as well ?
And while I ’m sure there are all kinds of CMS and CVS and Git and what - have - you tricks to make sure that does n’t happen , I am both clumsy and lazy .
Not only do I have great faith in my ability to screw up my use of such mechanisms , I do n’t really want to be bothered to learn them in the first place .
So : why not send the link to the style sheet using HTTP headers ?
Yeah , that ’s the ticket !
I can just add a line to my .htaccess file on the staging server and be done .
Under Apache , which is what I use :
Header add Link " </staging.css >;rel=stylesheet;type=text/css;media=all "
Those angle brackets are , so far as I can tell , absolutely mandatory , so bear that in mind .
And of course the path in those brackets can be absolute , unlike what I ’ve shown here .
I ’m sure there are simple PHP equivalents , which I ’ll leave to others to work out .
I really did n’t need to add the media=all part , but what the heck .
Seems so simple , does n’t it ?
Almost … too simple .
Like there has to be a catch somewhere .
Well , there is .
The catch is that this is not supported by all user agents .
Internet Explorer , for one ; Safari , for another .
It does work in Opera and Gecko browsers .
So you ca n’t deploy this on your production server , unless of course you want to use it as a way to hide CSS from both IE and Safari .
( For whatever reason . )
It works great in Gecko - based production environments like mine , though .
I looked around for a quick how - to on do this , and could n’t find one .
Instead , I found Anne van Kesteren ’s test page , whose headers I sniffed in order to work out the proper value syntax ; and a brief page on the Link header that did n’t mention CSS at all .
Nothing seemed to put the two of them together .
Nothing until now , that is .
あっと驚く地球儀です。
実にシックに、空中に 浮かんで います。 バランスをとって、そっと地球儀を手離すと、少し「ゆらゆら」と揺れながら空中に浮いています。透明な細いゴム糸でブラ下がっているような感じです。この「ゆらゆら」がやがて回転に変わり、ゆっくりゆっくり回転します。
接触している部分がないために「ゆ～～くり」と「じわ～と」回転します。そして、数時間は止まりません。息を吹きかけただけでも「じわ～っ」と回転します。
浮揚地球 儀10cmシルバー
インパクトの強い地球儀ですが、ドイツ_ステラノバ社の地球儀だけあって、インテリアとしても高いデザイン性を保っています。
浮揚地球儀10cmアンディーク
浮揚地球儀20cmアンティーク
直径10cmの地球儀は都会的でシャープなデザイン。デスクサイドに置いてもじゃまになりません。一方、20cmの方はインテリア地球儀として書斎やリビングルームで優雅に浮かんでいます。
シックでシャープな「シルバー」と、クラシックな「アンティーク」や「ゴールド」みんな素敵。さあ、どれにしょうかな？
浮揚地球儀20cmシルバー 浮揚地球儀20cmシルバー
電源OFF や衝撃に対して いきなり電源をOFFにすると、地球儀は下の台に落ち、永久磁石で台にくっつきます。台やアームが
強い衝撃を受けた場合、球はアーム上部に吸引されるか、下の台に落ちてくっつきます。
地球儀の両極に永久磁石がセットされているからです。
浮揚地球 儀10cmゴールド
セットの仕方 ● プラグをコンセントと地球儀台座に差し込んでください。
● 球の北半球を上に手で持って、アーム上部にある電磁石面に球を下から近づけると、グンと強く引っ張られるように感じる位置があり、ブーンと細かな振動が球から手に伝わってきます。この位置でそっと手を離すと、ぶらんとぶら下がるように球が磁界に固定されます。慣れると簡単できます。
● ブーンと振動が手に伝わってきて、そっと手を離すと「浮いた…！」この瞬間がうれしくて、何度もやりたくなります。 バランスの秘密 このバランスを保つには、秘密があるのです。アーム上部にあるセンサーからの信号を台座部分のマイクロコンピュータが読みとり、電磁石に絶妙なコントロールを行っています。だから、一度地球儀をセットすると、空中に固定されるのです。
直 径10 cmタイプ 仕 様 方式： Magnetic Levitate ( 磁気浮揚 )
電源： 100V / ACアダプター使用
地球儀サイズ： 直径10cm
外形サイズ ： W.13 cm x D.10 cm x H.20.5cm
台座部サイズ： Φ75 cm x H2.3cm
収納箱サイズ： W.19.5 cm x D.11 cm x H.26.5cm
本体重量： 500g
素材： スチール/ポリカーボネート（球）
球は硬いです 。
メーカー： ステラノバ社（ドイツ） 直 径20 cmタイプ 仕 様 方式： Magnetic Levitate ( 磁気浮揚 )
電源： 100V / ACアダプター使用
地球儀サイズ： 直径20cm
外形サイズ： W.23.5 cm x D.20 cm x H.29cm
台座部サイズ ： Φ14.1 cm x H1.3cm
収納箱サイズ： W.26.5 cm x D.22.5 cm x H.31.5cm
本体重量 ： 1.01kg
素材： スチール / ABS樹脂（球）
球は柔らかく、軽いです。
メーカー： ステラノバ社（ドイツ ）
