VANCOUVER 
It 's a little after 10 a.m. , and Nipper Perry has quickly readied a syringe filled with the illegal morphine he scored on the street minutes earlier .
Finding a vein on his needle - scarred right arm is going to take a bit longer .
But there is no need to rush .
The cops wo n't touch him here .
Perry , 31 , an admitted morphine and cocaine addict , is sitting in an unusual " safe house " that for seven years has been the centerpiece of a controversial social experiment .
Just blocks from the city 's picturesque waterfront , the colorful backdrop for the Winter Olympic Games , is the small storefront where addicts come with their illegal drugs , register their names and substances of choice — heroin , speed , morphine and other injectables — to use all they want .
There are no catches , except that addicts are required to inject themselves under the supervision of nurses who provide clean needles , alcohol swabs and a protected place to steady themselves before they plunge back to the streets .
It is the only facility of its kind in North America and has won the support of local political leaders and even the tacit approval of the Vancouver police .
Mark Townsend , spokesman for the facility known as Insite , says it has helped prevent needle - borne illness and overdose deaths on the city 's blighted East Side .
" Before this place opened , people were dropping dead all over the place , " Townsend says .
Yet seven years after it opened , it remains the target of fresh attacks from factions of Canada 's Conservative federal government which believes Insite merely encourages drug use and accelerates a debilitating cycle of addiction .
Last week , the federal government announced it would take its case to the Canadian Supreme Court to overturn a January ruling by a British Columbia appeals court allowing the facility to remain open .
Although the program has weathered several legal challenges , Liz Evans , executive director of the community group that operates Insite , says its long - term survival depends on changing more traditional philosophies about addiction and law enforcement 's role in controlling drug use .
And Evans and Townsend are taking advantage of Vancouver 's place on the world stage as host of the Winter Olympics to make their case .
" We 're not afraid to show what we have here , " Evans says .
" We have come up with a creative way to manage people who have been pushed to the margins of society . "
Vancouver Police Constable Lindsey Houghton says it 's not unusual for officers to refer drug users they encounter on the street to Insite .
" Our primary focus is public safety , " Houghton says .
" And our department is in favor of any legal measure that promotes harm reduction . "
Former Vancouver Mayor Sam Sullivan , one of Insite 's most vocal supporters , says drug addiction should be classified as a " disability " and that addicts should be managed much like people who deal with more traditional physical and mental illnesses .
" The last thing we should be doing is hiring people with guns to chase these people around , " Sullivan says .
Clusters of people begin forming outside the East Hastings Street storefront just before the doors open at 10 a.m. each day .
Inside , the " injection room " looks more like a community clinic .
A nurses ' station overlooks 12 cubicles where addicts remove their drugs from plastic bags and bottles to begin preparing syringes provided by the nurses .
The nurses are not authorized to inspect the drugs or perform the actual injections .
They are there , Evans says , to ensure that addicts are using clean equipment and to intervene in the event addicts overdose .
There are nearly 500 injections performed each day at Insite , and last year there were 484 " overdose interventions , " none resulting in death .
Perry , dressed in a ball cap and sweatshirt , goes about his business as if preparing breakfast .
The preparation and the injection takes all of about 15 minutes , delivering what Perry describes as a powerful " heat rush " that lasts a few hours .
" It 's like my whole head becomes incredibly warm , " he says , describing the sensation .
" If I did n't have this , " Perry says , gesturing to his bag of dope , " I would be incredibly sick , like the worst flu you 've ever had . "
Anthony Poindexter , 43 , a heroin addict , calls the facility a " lifeline . "
" I would probably be dead if it was n't here , " he says .
" I 'll bet a lot of people who 've come here for the Olympics have never seen anything like this . "
Opponents of the barrier scored a long - awaited victory on Thursday when the government began rerouting the enclosure to eat up less of a Palestinian village that has become a symbol of anti-wall protests and the site of frequent clashes
Credit : AFP / GETTY
( CNN ) --
The U.N. 's leading panel on climate change has apologized for misleading data published in a 2007 report that warned Himalayan glaciers could melt by 2035 .
In a statement released Wednesday , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) said estimates relating to the rate of recession of the Himalayan glaciers in its Fourth Assessment Report were " poorly substantiated " adding that " well - established standards of evidence were not applied properly . "
Despite the admission , the IPCC reiterated its concern about the dangers melting glaciers present in a region that is home to more than one - sixth of the world 's population .
" Widespread mass losses from glaciers and reductions in snow cover over recent decades are projected to accelerate throughout the 21st century , reducing water availability , hydropower potential , and changing seasonality of flows in regions supplied by meltwater from major mountain ranges ( e.g. Hindu - Kush , Himalaya , Andes ) ... "
" The chair , vice - chairs , and co-chairs of the IPCC , " the statement continued , " regrets the poor application of IPCC procedures ... "
The apology follows a growing storm of controversy which initially forced the IPCC to concede that data relating to the Himalayan glacier melt included in the 2007 report was not backed up by sufficient scientific data .
Speaking at the World Future Energy Summit in Abu Dhabi Wednesday , the IPCC chairman , Rajendra Pachauri admitted errors had been made but said it was not an excuse to question the legitimacy of all global warming science .
" Theoretically , let 's say we slipped up on one number , I do n't think it takes anything away from the overwhelming scientific evidence of what 's happening with the climate of this earth , " he said , according to Agence France - Presse .
The controversy centers on a paragraph in Chapter 10 of the 2007 report which states : " Glaciers in the Himalaya are receding faster than in any other part of the world , and if the present rate continues , the likelihood of them disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner is very high if the Earth keeps warming at the current rate .
Its total area will likely shrink from the present 500,000 to 100,000 square kilometers by the year 2035 . "
But is has recently emerged that the IPCC statement on Himalayan glaciers , which was based on information from a 2005 report by the World Wildlife Fund , was in turn gleaned from an article that appeared in the popular UK science journal , The New Scientist in June 1999 .
In the article , " Flooded Out , " Indian glaciologist Syed Hasnain speculates that the Himalayan glaciers could vanish within 40 years as a result of global warming .
A glacier expert interviewed by CNN explained that the data published was flawed .
Michael Zemp from the World Glacier Monitoring Service said : " There are simply no observations available to make these sorts of statements . "
Zemp says that the figures quoted in the report are not possible because 500,000 square kilometers is estimated to be the total surface area of all mountain glaciers worldwide .
" The other thing is that the report says the glaciers are receding faster than anywhere else in the world .
We simply do not have the glacier change measurements .
The Himalayas are among those regions with the fewest available data , " Zemp said .
In defense of the IPCC , Zemp says " you can take any report and find a mistake in it but it 's up to the next IPCC report to correct it . "
Zemp also believes that the errors should n't shake people 's belief in climate science .
" Glaciers are the best proof that climate change is happening .
This is happening on a global scale .
They can translate very small changes in the climate into a visible signal , " he said .
UPDATED AT 11:03 A.M .
WASHINGTON , D.C. -- U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich waited until Democrats had won last November 's health care reform vote before casting his ballot against it on the House of Representatives floor .
This time around -- pressured by everyone from President Obama to Moveon.org -- the Cleveland Democrat had no luxury to dawdle before taking a stance .
He announced at a Capitol news conference this morning that he 'll vote " yes " on the bill 's latest draft .
" I have doubts about the bill , " Kucinich said .
" This is not the bill I wanted to support . . .
However , after careful discussions with President Obama , Speaker Pelosi , my wife Elizabeth and close friends , I ’ve decided to cast a vote in favor of the legislation . "
Bill opponents pounced quickly .
Said an e-mail alert from the National Republican Congressional Committee : " Left - wing icon flips from ' No , ' exposes so - called moderates . "
President Obama called Kucinich 's switch " a good sign . "
" I told him thank you , " said Obama .
Kucinich 's move came after months of insisting he'd oppose the bill because it does n't do enough to curtail insurance company abuses .
Kucinich advocates bolstering Medicare and expanding its coverage to include all Americans .
But he acknowledged this morning that his choice now is to either vote " no " on principle , and thereby possibly block the biggest ( though imperfect ) advance in health coverage in decades , or compromise for the good of the estimated 30 million more Americans who could gain insurance .
" I have taken this fight further " than many other Congress members , Kucinich said , citing his two presidential campaigns in which he advocated universal coverage and his bill introduction and other attempts in the House to get single - payer insurance .
He told reporters that if they want to see first - hand the tough economic and health - care choices that many Americans face , they should " come to the 10th District in Ohio and you 'll understand . "
Kucinich 's field office on Cleveland 's West Side routinely helps constituents with their social services needs , and that includes dealing with insurance matters , he said .
He cited his own impoverished childhood , saying , " I grew up understanding what it meant to struggling families who did not get adequate care . "
" I understand the connection between poverty and poor health care , " he said .
As an adult , he has struggled with Crohn 's Disease , and although he follows an alternative diet as one way of dealing with it , he also has had " access to the best " health care around .
" I know I have to make a decision , not on the bill as I would like to see it , but as it is , " Kucinich said .
His recent criticism of the bill included a column he authored for last Sunday 's Plain Dealer , in which he wrote :
But Democrats are struggling to round up the 216 votes they need to pass the bill amid heavy lobbying from its opponents and its supporters , and Kucinich ''s arms were twisted .
personally lobbied for his vote Monday on a ride to Cleveland aboard Air Force One , and at a health care reform rally in Strongsville .
descended on Kucinich 's Lakewood office to register their displeasure with his announced opposition to the package slated for consideration this week .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan —
An American charged with helping plan the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India , moved effortlessly between the United States , Pakistan and India for nearly seven years , training at a militant camp in Pakistan on five occasions , according to a plea agreement released by the Justice Department last week .
The odyssey of David C. Headley , 49 , included scouting targets in several cities in India and meeting with a senior operative of Al Qaeda in Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
These and other new details of Mr. Headley ’s activities , contained in the plea agreement , raise troubling questions about how an American citizen could travel for so long undetected from his home base in Chicago to well - established terrorist training camps in Pakistan .
The document shows that Mr. Headley made two trips to North Waziristan , the heart of Qaeda operations in the tribal area where the United States is still pushing Pakistan for a military offensive to clear out militants .
His handlers , the document reveals , included a former Pakistani military commander with ties to a Pakistani extremist group and even Al Qaeda .
From there , Mr. Headley not only helped plan the Mumbai attack , it says , but he was put in contact with a Qaeda cell in Europe that may still be operative .
The document shows the cell was well supplied with weapons and money and primed for an attack until the moment Mr. Headley was arrested by the F.B.I. at O’Hare airport last October .
JOHANNESBURG — Jacob Zuma , the president of South Africa , has 20 children , three wives and a fiancée .
Recently , the matter of how he supports this large and widely dispersed family has been vigorously questioned .
Indeed , the finances of everyone in government are suddenly viewed with a skepticism that often drifts into contempt .
Zwelinzima Vavi , a labor leader and longtime ally of Mr. Zuma ’s , is calling for “ lifestyle audits ” of all senior officials to surmise who is on the take and just how much they are taking .
For years , people have noticed a mismatch between the income and the outgo of many within the governing African National Congress .
The A.N.C. is the party of Nelson Mandela , the organization that liberated the country from apartheid , the home of many heroes now struggling to get rich .
In his novel “ Black Diamond , ” Zakes Mda , one of the nation ’s leading writers , wryly observed , “ In this brave new world , accumulation of personal wealth is dressed up in militarism , as if capitalism is the continuation of the guerrilla warfare that was fought during apartheid . ”
There has been a lot of discussion about the Atlanta Thrashers management and Don Waddell as GM .
Personally , I think we have seen an uptick in the quality of decisions the last 2 seasons .
On the other hand , the decisions made between 2005 - 2007 ( Bobby Holik , Todd White , etc ) were bad in my opinion .
Since Waddell has been GM for the entire history of the Thrasher it is all part of his legacy -- and the overall numbers are not very good .
However , looking over the moves of the last two seasons I generally approve of most of these decisions .
To illustrate that point I 've created a " Grade Your GM Worksheet " below .
It lists off the trades , signings , re-signings and waiver claims since late 2007 .
There is column where you can enter your own grade of these moves .
Enjoy .
MIAMI , March 19 , 2010  --
The only contact 15 - year - old Wayne Treacy had ever had with 8th grader Josie Lou Ratley before allegedly beating her nearly to death Wednesday was a brief flurry of text messages earlier that day , Florida police say .
Broward County Sheriff Al Lamberti told ABC
News that eyewitnesses report Treacy did n't utter a word as he kicked the 15 - year - old girl repeatedly with his steel - toed boots , " in the head , soccer style , " until a teacher eventually pried him off .
" I think this is probably the first case of ' text rage ' we 've ever seen .
We 've had road rage before , but never text rage , " said Lamberti .
Ratley was hospitalized with severe head injuries , and Treacy , who confessed the beating to police , has been charged with premeditated attempted murder .
A hearing in Fort Lauderdale today will determine whether or not to try Treacy as an adult .
" She 's in an induced coma -- part of her skull has been removed to allow the swelling in her head to go down , and she 's black and blue from head to toe , " Ratley family lawyer Rick Friedman said at a press conference today .
Another girl , 13 , is also being held in juvenile detention connection with the incident and could be charged with accessory to attempted murder , according to the sheriff 's office .
The message that allegedly triggered such fury in Treacy , a 9th grader at Deerfield Beach High School who authorities say had no previous record , involved a comment Ratley reportedly made about Treacy 's 28 year - old brother , who committed suicide last October .
Treacy found his older brother hanging from a tree outside a local church , said public defender Betsy Benson , who is representing Treacy .
Text Message Leads to Violent Attack
According to Treacy 's confession and eyewitness testimony , Wednesday 's events began when Treacy 's 13 - year - old girlfriend , who does n't own a cell phone , used Ratley 's phone to text Treacy , a 9th grader with a mop of brown hair covering his eyes .
Ratley frowned upon Treacy 's relationship with the girl because of their age difference , according to Lamberti , and she sent Treacy a text message voicing her disapproval .
During an ensuing text exchange , the tenor of the messages became increasingly heated , Lamberti said , culminating in Ratley 's message about Treacy 's brother .
Treacy then dashed off a final text , telling Ratley , " I 'm going to snap your neck , " according to the sheriff 's office , which has asked the phone company for the exact messages .
Treacy then pulled on his steel - toed boots and rode his bicycle to the Deerfield Beach Middle School to meet with his girlfriend , who allegedly identified Ratley , wearing a red shirt and a black backpack , standing in a crowd at the school bus loop .
According to the sheriff 's office , Treacy pounced .
" He slammed this girl 's head into the concrete , then he started kicking her and punching her in the neck , " one student told ABC affiliate WPLG .
Another student recalled watching a puddle of blood form around the teenage girl 's head .
Investigators say neither Treacy , nor Ratley , who students said loved art class and reading her books , had ever had disciplinary problems .
Last November a group of teens from Treacy 's high school , Deerfield Beech High , set 15 - year - old Michael Brewer on fire over a dispute about a stolen video game .
Brewer suffered burns to 80 percent his body .
Three of the teens were charged as adults .
You can purchase one of these sweet Radiohead for Haiti concert posters at La La Land Posters .
They are $ 75 a piece , with ALL proceeds going to Haiti via OXFAM .
http://www.lalalandposters.com/lalaposters.html
Editor 's note : Bruce Schneier is a security technologist and author of " Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About Security in an Uncertain World . "
Read more of his writing at http://www.schneier.com/.
( CNN ) --
On January 19 , a team of at least 15 people assassinated Hamas leader Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
Dubai police released video footage of 11 of them .
Although it was obviously a very professional operation , the 27 minutes of video is fascinating in its banality .
Team members walk through the airport , check into and out of hotels , get into and out of taxis .
They make no effort to hide themselves from the cameras , sometimes seeming to stare directly into them .
They obviously do n't care that they 're being recorded , and -- in fact -- the cameras did n't prevent the assassination , nor as far as we know have they helped as yet in identifying the killers .
Pervasive security cameras do n't substantially reduce crime .
This fact has been demonstrated repeatedly : in San Francisco , California , public housing ; in a New York apartment complex ; in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; in Washington ; in study after study in both the U.S. and the U.K .
Nor are they instrumental in solving many crimes after the fact .
There are exceptions , of course , and proponents of cameras can always cherry - pick examples to bolster their argument .
These success stories are what convince us ; our brains are wired to respond more strongly to anecdotes than to data .
But the data are clear : CCTV cameras have minimal value in the fight against crime .
Although it 's comforting to imagine vigilant police monitoring every camera , the truth is very different , for a variety of reasons : technological limitations of cameras , organizational limitations of police and the adaptive abilities of criminals .
No one looks at most CCTV footage until well after a crime is committed .
And when the police do look at the recordings , it 's very common for them to be unable to identify suspects .
Criminals do n't often stare helpfully at the lens and -- unlike the Dubai assassins -- tend to wear sunglasses and hats .
Cameras break far too often .
Even when they afford quick identification -- think of the footage of the September 11 terrorists going through airport security or the July 7 London transport bombers just before the bombs exploded -- police are often able to identify those suspects even without the cameras .
Cameras afford a false sense of security , encouraging laziness when we need police to be vigilant .
The solution is n't for police to watch the cameras more diligently .
Unlike an officer walking the street , cameras look only in particular directions at particular locations .
Criminals know this and can easily adapt by moving their crimes to places not watched by a camera -- and there will always be such places .
And although a police officer on the street can respond to a crime in progress , someone watching a CCTV screen can only dispatch an officer to arrive much later .
By their very nature , cameras result in underused and misallocated police resources .
Cameras are n't completely ineffective , of course .
Used properly , they 're effective in reducing crime in enclosed areas with minimal foot traffic .
Combined with adequate lighting , they substantially reduce both personal attacks and auto - related crime in multistory parking garages .
And sometimes it is cost - effective for a store to install cameras to catch shoplifters or a casino to install cameras to detect cheaters .
But these are instances where there is a specific risk at a specific location .
The important question is n't whether cameras solve past crime or deter future crime ; it 's whether they 're a good use of resources .
They 're expensive , both in money and in their Orwellian effects on privacy and civil liberties .
Their inevitable misuse is another cost ; police have spied on naked women in their own homes , shared nude images , sold best - of videos and even spied on national politicians .
Though we might be willing to accept these downsides for a real increase in security , cameras do n't provide that .
Despite our predilection for technological solutions over human ones , the funds now spent on CCTV cameras would be far better spent on hiring and training police officers .
We live in a unique time in our society : Cameras are everywhere , but we can still see them .
Ten years ago , cameras were much rarer than they are today .
Ten years from now , they 'll be so small , you wo n't even notice them .
Already , people can buy surveillance cameras in household objects to spy on their spouses and baby sitters -- I particularly like the one hidden in a shower mirror -- or cameras in pens to spy on their colleagues , and they can remotely turn on laptop cameras to spy on anyone .
Companies are developing police state - type CCTV surveillance technologies for China , technology that will find its way into countries like the U.S .
If universal surveillance were the answer , lots of us would have moved to the former East Germany .
If surveillance cameras were the answer , camera - happy London , with something like 500,000 of them at a cost of $ 700 million , would be the safest city on the planet .
We did n't , and it is n't , because surveillance and surveillance cameras do n't make us safer .
The money spent on cameras in London , and in cities across America , could be much better spent on actual policing .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .
For a version of this article with embedded links to sources , click here
We often talk about the new news ecosystem — the network of traditional outlets , new startups , nonprofits , and individuals who are creating and filtering the news .
But how is the work of reporting divvied up among the members of that ecosystem ?
To try to build a datapoint on that question , I chose a single big story and read every single version listed on Google News to see who was doing the work .
Out of the 121 distinct versions of last week ’s story about tracing Google ’s recent attackers to two schools in China , 13 ( 11 percent ) included at least some original reporting .
And just seven organizations ( six percent ) really got the full story independently .
But as usual , things are a little more subtle than that .
I chose the Google - China story because it ’s complex , international , sensitive , and important .
It ’s the sort of big story that requires substantial investigative effort , perhaps including inside sources and foreign - language reporting .
Call it a stress test for our reporting infrastructure , a real - life worst case .
The New York Times broke the story last Thursday , writing that unnamed sources involved in the investigation of last year ’s hacking of a number of American companies had traced the attacks to a prestigious technical university and a vocational college in mainland China .
The article included comment from representatives of the schools and , while it had a San Francisco dateline , credited contributions from Shanghai staff .
Immediately , the story was everywhere .
Just about every major American newspaper and all the wires covered it .
When I started investigating the issue on Monday morning , Google News showed 800 different reports .
But how many of these reports actually brought new information to light ?
By default , Google does not display duplicate copies of syndicated ( or stolen ) content , bringing the total down to more than 100 unique pieces of copy .
I read each one , and several hours later , I had a spreadsheet recording the sourcing for each story .
I also recorded the country of publication , the dateline or contributor location if noted , and the primary publishing medium of each outlet ( paper , online , radio , etc . )
An excerpt of this data is reproduced in the table below .
Here ’s what I found :
— Out of 121 unique stories , 13 ( 11 percent ) contained some amount of original reporting .
I counted a story as containing original reporting if it included at least an original quote .
From there , things get fuzzy .
Several reports , especially the more technical ones , also brought in information from obscure blogs .
In some sense they did n’t publish anything new , but I ca n’t help feeling that these outlets were doing something worthwhile even so .
Meanwhile , many newsrooms diligently called up the Chinese schools to hear exactly the same denial , which may not be adding much value .
— Only seven stories ( six percent ) were primarily based on original reporting .
These were produced by The New York Times , The Washington Post , the Wall Street Journal , The Guardian , Tech News World , Bloomberg , Xinhua ( China ) , and the Global Times ( China ) .
— Of the 13 stories with original reporting , eight were produced by outlets that primarily publish on paper , four were produced by wire services , and one was produced by a primarily online outlet .
For this story , the news really does come from newspapers .
— 14 reports ( 12 percent ) were produced by Chinese outlets , had a China dateline , or mentioned the assistance of staff in China .
For a story about China , that seems awfully low to me .
Perhaps this has to do with cutbacks of foreign correspondents ?
— Nine reports ( 7 percent ) mentioned no source at all .
Five more were partially unsourced .
Given the ease of hyperlinks , this frightens me .
— Google News tended to rank solid original stories fairly high in its list .
Google says they rank stories based on criteria such as the reputation of a source , number of references by other articles , and the headline clickthrough rate — though they wo n’t reveal exactly how it ’s done .
The spreadsheet and table below list stories in the order that Google News ranked them .
— Google ’s story - clustering algorithm included three unrelated stories and missed at least one original report .
The three extraneous stories were about Google and China , but not about the recent trace .
The exclusion of the Financial Times ’ excellent piece is a disappointment — perhaps this has something to do with their paywall ?
Maybe I ’m biased because , as a computer scientist , I appreciate the difficulty of the problem — but I actually think this means that Google News works remarkably well , for a completely unsupervised algorithm that crawls billions of pages to find millions of stories in dozens of languages .
— What were those other 100 reporters doing ?
When I think of how much human effort when into re-writing those hundred other unique stories that contained no original reporting , I cringe .
That ’s a huge amount of journalistic effort that could have gone into reporting other deserving stories .
Why are we doing this ?
What are the legal , technical , economic and cultural barriers to simply linking to the best version of each story and moving on ?
— The punchline is that no English - language outlet picked up the original reporting of Chinese - language Qilu Evening News , which was even helpfully translated by Hong Kong blogger Roland Soong .
A Chinese reporter visited one of the schools in question and advanced the story by clarifying that serious hackers were unlikely to have been trained in the vocational computer classes offered there .
Soong told me that Lanxiang Vocational School is well known in China for their cheesy late - night commercials and low - quality schooling — more of an educational chop shop for cooks and mechanics than the training ground for military hackers than the Times claims .
Tracing one story does n’t prove anything conclusive beyond that one story , of course .
And using Google News as a filter does n’t truly represent the new news ecosystem :
It excludes lots of smaller blogs and other outlets .
Soong said Google News told him that his site is not eligible for inclusion in their results because they do n’t include small blogs written by a single author .
This seems like an arbitrary distinction , but it ’s hard to imagine what defensible choice Google could make in an era where the definition of a news source is so up for grabs .
The table below is an extract from the data I collected , with original reporting highlighted .
The full spreadsheet also includes country of publication , primary medium for each organization , and lists whether or not each story hyperlinked to its sources .
Kansas City signed running back Thomas Jones to a two - year deal worth $ 5 million , a league source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter .
The Chiefs announced the deal Tuesday but declined to disclose the terms .
Jones was released by the Jets last week after being due a $ 3 million roster bonus on top of a $ 2.8 million base salary this season .
He and the Jets failed to reach a compromise on restructuring his contract ; the team wanted him to take a pay cut .
Jones was n't the only running back on Kansas City 's radar .
After spending Tuesday with the Washington Redskins , Pittsburgh Steelers free - agent running back Willie Parker was scheduled to visit the Chiefs on Thursday , a league source told Schefter , but the trip was canceled when Jones entered the fold .
The Chiefs also met with Justin Fargas on Tuesday , according to a league source .
Jones sat out voluntary activities last offseason while trying unsuccessfully to renegotiate his deal , which was front - loaded with $ 13.1 million over the first two seasons .
He made only $ 900,000 in base salary last season , but did n't allow it to affect his play .
The 31 - year - old is coming off a season in which he set career highs by rushing for 1,402 yards and 14 touchdowns while helping the Jets reach the AFC Championship Game against Indianapolis .
He was also a popular presence in the locker room , twice being voted the team 's most inspirational player by his teammates .
Jones had a career - high 331 carries in the regular season and appeared to wear down a bit down the stretch as rookie Shonn Greene got the majority of carries .
Still , with the game on the line against San Diego and the Jets facing fourth - and - 1 late , coach Rex Ryan put the ball in Jones ' hands to make a first down that clinched a trip to Indianapolis .
The 31 - year - old is expected to supplement third - year running back Jamaal Charles , who was Kansas City 's MVP last season with 1,120 rushing yards and seven touchdowns .
Jones was drafted seventh overall in 2000 by the Arizona Cardinals .
He was traded to Tampa Bay in 2003 , went to Chicago in 2004 as a free agent and was traded to the Jets in 2007 .
Jones ranks second only to LaDainian Tomlinson , also a free agent , in yards rushing since 2005 .
Jones ranks 28th on the career list with 9,217 yards , 190 behind Earl Campbell .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Buried deep in the controversial healthcare bill are provisions that promise to make big changes to the student loan industry .
The reforms were passed by the House and now await Senate passage and the president 's signature .
Because the provisions require only a simple majority , lobbyists said they had a good chance of becoming law .
By eliminating taxpayer subsidies to corporate middlemen who marketed and originated federal student loans , the Obama administration says it will raise more than $ 60 billion over the next 10 years that will be spent on more and bigger grants , easier repayment terms , and even a little deficit reduction .
Here are some answers to the most important questions students and parents may have about the new loan landscape :
How will the new student loan reform bill affect students wishing to take out federal loans for college ?
Most student borrowers wo n't notice much difference , since most of the changes are behind the scenes .
If anything , the new system will be simpler and less confusing .
Starting July 1 , no students will be asked to — or have the opportunity to — shop for their Stafford loan , which is the most common kind of student loan , available to all citizens attending undergraduate or graduate programs at least half time .
All colleges will arrange for students to take their federal Stafford loans directly from the government .
The biggest immediate downside for students is that some wo n't get the small discounts that certain lenders offered on Stafford loans .
But all undergraduates will continue to be eligible to borrow Stafford funds of least $ 5,500 ( and , depending upon their age and year in college , up to $ 12,500 ) at an interest rate that cannot exceed 6.8 percent a year .
Students who qualify as " needy " will continue to be able to borrow at lower rates of interest .
All graduate students will be eligible for Stafford loans of up to $ 20,500 a year at an interest rate of no more than 6.8 percent .
Graduate students will also continue to be able to borrow their full cost of attendance ( less any other financial aid ) through the Grad PLUS program at an annual rate of no more than 7.9 percent .
How will the new student loan reform bill affect parents wishing to take out a federal PLUS loan ?
The bill could make things easier for many parents .
Starting July 1 , parents will be able to borrow PLUS funds directly from the federal government only .
In many cases , this will save parents money because the direct federal PLUS rate is capped at 7.9 percent a year , while private lenders often charged as much as 8.5 percent .
In addition , some research shows that the federal government was more lenient on parents who had credit problems and less likely to reject parents ' PLUS applications than private banks .
How will the new student loan reform bill affect graduates attempting to pay back their loans ?
It will make it easier for future graduates to pay back their student loans .
Starting with federal student loans taken out in 2014 , future graduates will be able to sign up for an " income - based repayment " plan that will cap their monthly payments at 10 percent of their income .
Anyone paying back federal student loans now can sign up for the current IBR program that caps payments below 15 percent of a graduate 's income .
[ Read more details about income - based repayment . ]
How will the new student loan reform bill affect students who need financial aid ?
It will make more grant money available to more students .
By stopping subsidies to private companies that made Stafford loans , the federal government will raise money that it will use to fund more and bigger Pell grants , which typically go to students from families earning less than about $ 45,000 a year .
In 2010 – 11 , the maximum Pell grant will rise $ 200 to $ 5,550 .
The bill also calls for some future Pell grant increases to be made according to the consumer price index .
By some estimates , the maximum Pell grant could rise to $ 5,900 over the next decade .
Will this reform really cause the loss of up to 31,000 jobs , as its opponents ( mostly private lenders ) claim ?
No .
This is just a shift in who makes the loans .
Since , if anything , the demand for federal student loans is likely to increase , there will still be plenty of need for workers to process and handle the loans .
The federal government is already arranging to contract with many of the existing loan companies to service the future loans .
The only significant layoffs are likely to be among the salespeople who lobbied colleges to choose a private bank as a " preferred lender . "
As painful as that will be for the individuals , that 's a savings for students because it means there is no more incentive for the kind of kickback arrangements that led to recent scandals , notes Jason Delisle , director of the Federal Education Budget Project for the New America Foundation .
Besides , if the federal government can make more loans with fewer people , that 's an improvement in efficiency that saves taxpayers money , he adds .
Mark Zandi , chief economist for Moody 's Analytics , says , " There should be little job impact from this legislation , and any job losses that do occur will be the result of improved productivity . "
Is this a federal " takeover " of the student loan program ?
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
The UKSA will speak for Britain on space matters
The new UK Space Agency ( UKSA ) will take over responsibility for government policy and the key budgets for space , according to ministers .
The agency , which comes into being on 1 April , will also represent Britain on space matters in all negotiations with international partners .
The UKSA 's name , logo and remit were announced at a conference in London .
Its establishment should bring more coherence to space policy - something critics say has been missing for years .
In particular , it is hoped an executive agency that can champion British interests abroad will help an already successful space industry to grow still further .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" People in the UK are not aware of just how good Britain is both at space research and in terms of our space industry ; [ a space agency ] is going to make people more aware of that , " Lord Drayson , the minister for science and innovation , told BBC News .
" But in practical terms , it 's going to make the decision - making by government in all aspects of space policy much more joined up , better co-ordinated - a single point within government which has responsibility for making sure that we get everything in alignment such that the space research we do , the space industry that we 're building , fulfils its true potential . "
British space policy and budgets have until now been devolved to a partnership of government departments and science funding councils .
The UKSA will , step by step , assume control of these partners ' monies ( about £ 230 m per year ) and their management functions .
Ministers want more information on EO and satellite broadband
It will start in the areas related to Britain 's membership of the European Space Agency ( Esa ) , where most of the civil space budget is spent .
It will then extend to areas that engage with the EU , which has begun in recent years to develop major space projects of its own , such as the Galileo satellite - navigation system .
In addition to the UKSA announcement , the government says £ 24 m will be put into an International Space Innovation Centre ( ISIC ) at Harwell in Oxfordshire , the site of a new Esa technical facility .
This is in addition to £ 16 m from industry .
Ministers say the ISIC will help establish hubs of excellence in the UK to : • exploit the data generated by Earth Observation satellites ,
• use space data to understand and counter climate change and
• advise on the security and resilience of space systems and services .
The announcements are part of the government 's response to a major report produced last month by industry and academia on the future prospects for Britain in space .
The Space Innovation and Growth Strategy ( Space - IGS ) laid out a path it believed could take the UK from a position where it currently claims 6 % of the global market in space products and services to 10 % , by 2030 , creating 100,000 new hi-tech jobs in the process .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The government says it agrees with most of the Space - IGS recommendations , including developing a National Space Technology Strategy .
One key area of dissent however is the call to double UK spending on Esa programmes over the next decade .
The Space - IGS wanted Britain to try to initiate and lead at least three missions between now and 2030 .
Ministers say they cannot make such commitments in the current economic climate .
" We will require a compelling business case for each proposal or mission , " said Lord Drayson .
The government says it also wants more information from industry on how satellite broadband services could be expanded , and on the feasibility of establishing a UK - based Earth observation ( EO ) programme .
At the moment , the UK buys Earth imagery acquired by foreign spacecraft .
The Space - IGS said there was a case for the UK to have its own EO fleet .
Space - IGS chairman and Logica CEO Andy Green welcomed the government response to the report .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He conceded ministers would find the Esa funding issue difficult but hoped that as economic conditions improved , the question could be raised again .
" They 've been swift , I think they 've been serious ; they 've put a lot of effort into it , " he told BBC News .
" But as I 've said today , we really have to concentrate on making a reality of this - [ it 's a ] big ambition to go from 6 % to 10 % , create 100,000 jobs .
That will need investment from industry , investment from government ; and we 'll see how that goes as we go up to the next spending round . "
The creation of a space agency is just the latest in a series of initiatives affecting British space interests .
In July last year , Esa finally opened a technical centre in the UK - the only one of the agency 's major subscribers not to have such a showcase facility .
It also appointed a British national , Major Tim Peake , to its astronaut corps in May .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
France 's toughest - in - the - world Internet disconnection law has yet to start cutting off P2P pirates , but the " Hadopi " law has been on the books long enough to see how its provisions are altering behavior .
According to a team of French researchers , online copyright infringement is down on P2P networks — but it 's up in areas that the law does n't cover , such as online streaming and one - click download services like Rapidshare .
In fact , since the law was passed , total infringing behavior has actually increased by three percent .
Whack that mole
Researchers affiliated with the University of Rennes in France 's Brittany region have just released a paper ( French PDF ) based on 2,000 phone surveys with Brittany residents .
The survey found that 15 percent of P2P users have already stopped using such networks , even though Hadopi has yet to start sending out its warning letters and disconnection notices .
Good news for rightsholders ?
Perhaps , as these numbers will certainly skyrocket once the actual penalties are in place .
But , in a sign of how the situation is likely to develop later this year , the researchers found that two - thirds of those former P2P users simply migrated to illegal streaming sites and HTTP - based download services .
Data source : M@rsouin ; CREM ; Universite de Rennes 1
In other words , Hadopi is the first step in a game of Whack - a - Mole ; even as it beats down P2P use , most users transition to similarly illicit services that the " graduated response " regime does n't touch .
The one bit of good news here for rightsholders is that such services are more centralized than P2P networks , and pressure can be more easily brought to bear on a company like Rapidshare than on a distributed network of users .
The increase in non-Hadopi infringement has been larger than the declines in P2P use , suggesting a more general migration to streaming and download sites .
This is no doubt because it 's easier to find a rogue video site out of China that features one - click streaming of movies and TV shows to the browser than it is to install a P2P client , learn to use it , and then wait for content to arrive .
( Some ) pirates are buyers
While this might sound depressing to Hadopi 's backers , the study also has some surprising news about pirates : many of them buy .
Half of the people who said they purchase digital music or video online also said they pirated some material .
Twenty - seven percent of all digital media buyers are " Hadopi pirates " ( ie , P2P users ) , while the other 23 percent rely on streaming and downloads .
As the researchers note , this means that banning P2P pirates from the ' Net could " eliminate 27 percent of all Internet buyers of music and video . "
The survey also finds that 70 percent of all Internet users surveyed do n't engage in any type of online infringement .
Far more users hit legal video sites like YouTube and DailyMotion ( 48 percent ) , or go to legal streaming music sites like Deezer ( 43 percent ) , or legal download sites like iTunes ( 22 percent ) than engage in any infringing activities .
The most popular single infringing activity is illicit Web streaming sites ( 20 percent ) , followed by P2P use ( 14 percent ) .
Data source : M@rsouin ; CREM ; Universite de Rennes 1
The researchers admit that this is only a preliminary assessment , as the law is n't even being enforced , but they do think there are lessons for legislators .
" This study casts light on the limits of Hadopi , which equates piracy with a protocol ( P2P ) and reduces piracy only among users of this protocol .
Establishing an administrative authority that targets P2P networks largely seems to have the effect of exchanging piracy techniques for another set that circumvent Hadopi 's provisions . "
He estimated that at least 25 percent of the heroin being consumed in Western Europe was now passing through Eastern Europe , and he said that of the 30 tons of hashish seized in all of Europe this year , half had been found in Poland and Bulgaria .
At the moment , most of the drugs passing through Eastern Europe appear to be destined for users in Western Europe , but the United States is alert to the possibility that the drug traffickers will " exploit opportunities in the United States , " Stephen Greene , acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration , said in a telephone interview from Washington .
Washington is particularly concerned by the activity of the Nigerians in Eastern Europe , he said .
" They are some of the most experienced heroin traffickers in the world , " he said .
Mr. Green added that his agency had gathered intelligence that organized criminal groups from the former Soviet Union were using confederates in New York and Atlanta to smuggle drugs into the United States .
Collapse of Controls
Drug syndicates are turning to Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the collapse of the Soviet Union , which has brought an end to rigid border controls , and in the wake of the war in Yugoslavia , which has led to a disruption of traditional drug routes .
And the former Communist countries , confronted by a problem they did not face until recently , are woefully unprepared , handicapped by inadequate laws , a lack of experience and paltry resources .
For the drug dealer , once he has contraband in an Eastern Europe country , he finds it easier to move it West .
This is because a person landing in New York or Amsterdam or London from Prague or Warsaw is not as likely to arouse suspicion as a person arriving from Bogota , Istanbul or Lagos .
This month , the German authorities seized 638 pounds of heroin entering the country from the Czech Republic in a shipment of Turkish nuts .
Worth an estimated $ 18 million on the street , it was the largest heroin seizure ever in Germany , officials said .
It was 200 pounds more than was seized in the record heroin seizure in New York in December .
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
The researchers found evidence that Anchiornis huxleyi was a colourful character
A study of a 150 million year old dinosaur fossil has revealed it had multi-coloured feathers .
The research , published in the journal Science , compared the structures which determine colour in living bird feathers with those in the fossil .
" This would be a very striking animal if it was alive today , " said Yale University 's Professor Richard Prum , co-author of the report .
It is believed the colours would have helped the dinosaur attract a mate .
Anchiornis huxleyi is a four - winged dinosaur which lived in the late Jurassic Period in China .
Researchers chose this particular fossil to work on because the feathers were so well preserved .
Extraordinarily beautiful
They believe its body was grey ; it had a reddish - brown Mohawk - like crest , speckles on its face and white feathers with black tips on its wings and legs .
The scientists say the pattern of colour on the wings and leg feathers is very like that of modern Spangled Hamburg chickens .
The dinosaur fossil the scientists chose had very well preserved feathers
It is the first time a whole dinosaur fossil has been analysed in such detail for colour .
" It 's like a big chicken but more slender and graceful , " said palaeontologist Jacob Vinther from Yale University , US , who also worked on the project .
" It 's an extraordinarily beautiful fossil .
You can see all the feathers and they 're all attached to the bone .
We took samples from all over it .
The toes , the longer feathers on its legs , from its wings , the body and the crescent on its head . "
The dinosaur 's four wings may have allowed it to glide from tree to tree .
" That 's how I imagine it . " said Mr Vinther .
" If you were a dinosaur and you wanted to evolve flight , then jumping from tree to tree is very good way of developing it gradually . "
Optimal display Researchers in China and the US took 26 feathers of different colours from modern birds and looked at the shapes and structures of the pigments inside them .
These were compared to the structures and shapes of the pigments from the fossil .
The scientists were able to determine the pigment type by how clearly defined the feather was on the fossil .
" The pigment is what makes the imprint of the feather , " explained Mr Vinther .
" If you have a white feather and a black feather , only the black feather would become fossilised . "
Although the feathers may have been useful for gliding they point to other reasons that they evolved in the way they did early on .
" The feathers are not optimal for flying , they are optimal for display .
It was definitely using feathers for display to attract mates , " said Mr Vinther .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Public Option Rises Again , To Be Slaughtered As Soon As Expectations Peak
Non ti allargare , in milanese : lo si dice quando qualcuno sta esagerando un po ' .
E ho l'impressione che Mediaset si stia allargando veramente un po ' troppo .
Per iniziare si è allargata sulla Rai , facendo diventare il festival di Sanremo una passerella dei suoi volti tv - Paolo Bonolis , Luca Laurenti , Maria De Filippi , Maurizio Costanzo - e portando alla vittoria finale i partecipanti di un suo reality .
E pazienza .
Poi però si è allargata prepotentemente anche su Telecom , ai cui vertici ha piazzato uno dei suoi uomini politicamente più fedeli .
Telecom è proprietaria de La7 e di Mtv , e pure di gran parte delle infrastrutture sui cui passa la Rete italiana .
Quindi si è allargata parecchio - e qui cominciano a girare un po ' le palle - su Youtube .
Prima con una megacausa per gli spezzoni del Grande Fratello e adesso facendo oscurare un video di Marco Travaglio , non si sa ancora bene con quali motivazioni ( qualcuno ipotizza che Travaglio abbia citato trasmissioni Mediaset , qualcun altro che il problema sia il titolo Passaparola - uguale a quello di una trasmissione di Cologno - e nel caso sarebbe un' interpretazione assai forzosa e maleodorante del mitico copyright ) .
Infine , si sta allargando per non obbedire alla regola - entusiasticamente votata dal Pdl in Commissione di vigilanza Rai e poi estesa dall ' Agcom alle tv private - di applicare la par condicio ai talk show : in sostanza , gli uomini di Berlusconi dentro il Parlamento impongono una norma alla Rai e gli uomini di Berlusconi fuori dal Parlamento si rifiutano di applicarla a Mediaset .
Forse adesso è un po ' troppino anche per un paese mitridatizzato come questo , non vi pare ?
A powerful earthquake has struck in the Pacific Ocean , about 80 km ( 50 miles ) off the southern Japanese island of Okinawa .
A tsunami warning was initially issued , but later lifted .
There are no reports of major damage or casualties .
The Japan Meteorological Agency gave the strength as 6.9 while the US Geological Survey put it at 7.3 .
Japan is often hit by earthquakes .
In 1995 , a magnitude - 7.2 quake in the port city of Kobe killed 6,400 people .
The latest tremor occurred at 0531 on Saturday ( 2031 GMT on Friday ) .
BBC News website reader Ivan Brackin , who lives on Yoron Island , said it was the biggest quake he had felt in his 40 years in Japan but there had been no visible effects in his area .
" We 're 30 yards [ metres ] from the sea and no sign of a tsunami , " he said .
" I woke up to violent shudders that lasted about six seconds then a pause followed by a couple of sharp jumps .
Jumpers are the most dangerous so that sent me under the desk . "
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by the earthquake ?
Send your comments using the post form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
Security researchers on Friday unveiled an open - source device that captures the traffic of a wide variety of wireless devices , including keyboards , medical devices , and remote controls .
Keykeriki version 2 captures the entire data stream sent between wireless devices using a popular series of chips made by Norway - based Nordic Semiconductor .
That includes the device addresses and the raw payload being sent between them .
The open - source package was developed by researchers of Switzerland - based Dreamlab Technologies and includes complete software , firmware , and schematics for building the $ 100 sniffer .
Keykeriki not only allows researchers or attackers to capture the entire layer 2 frames , it also allows them to send their own unauthorized payloads .
That means devices that do n't encrypt communications - or do n't encrypt them properly - can be forced to cough up sensitive communications or be forced to execute rogue commands .
At the CanSecWest conference in Vancouver , Dreamlab Senior Security Expert Thorsten Schroder demonstrated how Keykeriki could be used to attack wireless keyboards sold by Microsoft .
The exploit worked because communications in the devices are protected by a weak form of encryption known as xor , which is trivial to break .
As a result , he was able to intercept keyboard strokes as they were typed and to remotely send input that executed commands on the attached computer .
" Microsoft made it easy for us because they used their own proprietary crypto , " Schroder said .
" Xor is not a very proper way to secure data . "
Even when devices employ strong cryptography , Schroder said Keykeriki may still be able to remotely send unauthorized commands using a technique known as a replay attack , in which commands sent previously are recorded and then sent again .
The device can also be used to spot weaknesses in cryptographic communications by comparing keystrokes to corresponding ciphertext .
His analysis shows wireless keyboards made by Logitech most likely use 128 - bit AES encryption .
But even so , it may still be possible to decipher the contents by exploiting the way the secret key is exchanged .
" We still did n't figure out how to crack that one , but I think it 's just a matter of time , " he said .
Keykeriki , which is the German equivalent of " cock - a - doodle - do , " is available here . ®
Federal investigators who submitted phony products , such as a gas - powered alarm clock , to the government ’s energy efficiency certification program found it easy to obtain approval for the devices , according to a report released Friday .
Among the bogus devices that obtained certification was a “ room air cleaner ” that , in a picture prominently displayed on the website of a fictitious company , showed an electric space heater with a feather duster and strips of fly paper attached to it .
Investigators with the Government Accountability Office said they obtained Energy Star approval for 15 of 20 fake products they submitted for certification with energy - savings claims .
Two were rejected and three did not receive a response .
Two of the certified products received purchase requests by real companies because four bogus firms , developed for the purpose of this investigation , were listed as Energy Star partners .
“ Certification controls were ineffective primarily because Energy Star does not verify energy - savings data reported by manufacturers , ” investigators said in the GAO report .
Work for the investigation , undertaken at the request of Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , started last June and did not involve products that are already certified and available to the public .
Advertisement
Designed to promote products that are up to 10 % to 25 % more energy efficient than minimum federal standards , Energy Star claims to have helped families save nearly $ 17 billion on utility bills in 2009 and “ enough energy to avoid greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to those from 30 million cars . ”
The voluntary labeling program , started in 1992 , is heavily promoted through tax credits and appliance rebates .
In some cases , federal agencies can purchase only certified products .
In a joint statement , the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Energy , which jointly manage the program , pledged to improve certifying standards , saying they have “ started an enhanced testing program and have already taken enforcement actions against companies that have violated the rules . ”
Collins said the results of the GAO ’s investigation are “ astounding and raise doubts about the validity of the Energy Star rating .
It also causes concern that companies that do produce truly energy - efficient products could be out - priced by unscrupulous firms . ”
Advertisement
clement.tan@latimes.com
ROME — A powerful Roman Catholic religious order acknowledged in a statement on Friday that its founder , a close ally of the late Pope John Paul II , molested seminarians and fathered several children , and it expressed “ sorrow and grief ” to anyone “ damaged by our founder ’s actions . ”
The statement was the first official admission by the Legionaries of Christ that its charismatic Mexican founder , the Rev. Marcial Maciel Degollado , who died in 2008 , was responsible for many “ grave acts . ”
Around two dozen people had claimed that Father Maciel ’s molesting of boys continued for decades .
The statement was viewed as an important development because Father Maciel was a beloved friend of Pope John Paul , and the accusations of abuse against him were vetted personally by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now Pope Benedict XVI .
The order ’s account of the scandal surrounding its founder comes ahead of the recommendations of a recently completed apostolic visitation , a high - level Vatican inquiry , which is expected to render a harsh verdict about Father Maciel , experts said .
The Vatican has also been forced to grapple with a new wave of abuse cases in Europe , including a number in the pope ’s home country , Germany , where he has come under scrutiny for his handling of a pedophile priest in 1980 , when he was an archbishop in Munich .
The Los Angeles school district paid $ 200 million more in salaries than it budgeted last year even as it laid off 2,000 teachers and hundreds of other employees , according to an internal audit .
Auditors so far have unearthed no wrongdoing , but officials are puzzled , concerned and perhaps even a little embarrassed .
“ We ’ve been in the process of cleaning it up , ” said L.A. schools Supt .
Ramon C. Cortines , who said his staff is verifying the size of the discrepancy and will , over time , determine how much relates to incomplete accounting and how much to something more serious .
The issue emerged in an audit , completed in December , on the arcane subject of “ position control . ”
It looked at how well the Los Angeles Unified School District keeps track of salaried positions .
Not well , concluded auditors working for the district ’s inspector general .
“ The system is broken , ” said Inspector General Jerry Thornton .
“ We really do n’t have adequate position control and we do n’t know where our funding comes from for all these positions , ” Thornton said .
He added : “ There ’s no suggestion of impropriety or fraud .
We did n’t see people being paid who are n’t working or who are n’t there . ”
Last year , the district listed 76,860 full - time positions , which were supposed to cost $ 4.7 billion .
Instead , the district spent $ 4.9 billion .
Auditors have yet to identify where the bulk of the difference came from or to whom it went .
In some cases , unfunded or expired positions remained on the payroll .
In others , jobs that persisted on the payroll turned out to be vacant .
Problems turned up with about 3,000 positions .
The audit results are the latest painful addendum to a payroll debacle that resulted in thousands of employees being under - or overpaid starting in January 2007 .
In this instance , the high - tech but poorly configured new payroll system was supposed to catch salary irregularities , but that feature was never installed .
Some of the latest problems emerged as the cash - strapped district was determining which employees to lay off , based on job duties and seniority .
On June 20 , 2009 , the budget services division identified more than 900 unfunded positions that accounted for about $ 30 million of unbudgeted money that had been spent .
howard.blume@latimes.com
North Carolina - based singer - songwriter Mark Linkous , who recorded under the name Sparklehorse , has committed suicide , his family said .
Known most recently as part of the Danger Mouse and David Lynch collaboration " Dark Night of the Soul , " which will finally see an official album release this year , Linkous specialized in a somewhat dreamy , fractured take on blues and folk heard through the prism of his own unique style of songcraft .
The news of his passing was confirmed via an online statement attributed to his family .
" It is with great sadness that we share the news that our dear friend and family member , Mark Linkous , took his own life today , " read the statement posted on the official Sparklehorse website .
" We are thankful for his time with us and will hold him forever in our hearts . "
[ Updated at 2:05 p.m. : A spokeswoman for the artist corroborated the family 's statement and provided additional details .
Linkous took his own life with a gun on Saturday , she said .
He was 47 . ]
Frequently working with a wide variety of vintage instruments and curious noisemakers , Linkous first rose to prominence with 1995's " Vivadixiesubmarinetransmissionplot , " which was produced with the help of Cracker 's David Lowery and spawned the brief alt - radio hit " Someday I Will Treat You Good . "
Subsequent albums featured contributions from P.J. Harvey , Tom Waits and Brian Burton 's Danger Mouse , who contributed to Sparklehorse 's 2006 album " Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain . "
[ For the record : An earlier version of this post incorrectly spelled the last name of Cracker 's David Lowery as Lowry . ]
Linkous was briefly paralyzed after a near - overdose of Valium and antidepressants in 1996 , and eventually grew to use leg braces to get around after the accident destroyed his calf muscles .
In a 2007 interview , Linkous talked about struggling with depression for years before recording his 2006 album .
" It just got really bad for three years .
It was this vortex I could n't climb out of , " he explained .
" I think probably a little confidence is what helped , and that confidence was music .
Just getting a song down , one at a time , that I felt was decent . "
Femme Means
Attack is a collaborative zine of submissions by people who identify as femme and as radical , anarchist and / or anti-authoritarian .
Femmes are often seen as non-radical or counter - revolutionary in many radical communities , even though we can take to the streets just as well as anyone else , in heels or steel - toed boots , and are fierce while doing so .
As radical femmes , we often find ourselves alienated from mainstream femme discourse focusing on standards of femme / femininity which are white , homonormative , aspire to be bourgeoisie and rely on conspicious consumption .
Thus , we radical femmes often find ourselves alienated from both our radical communities and femme communities .
Femme Means
Attack aims to change this stereotype by giving radical femmes a voice .
We welcome submissions from femmes of all genders ( transgender , cisgender , genderqueer , etc. ) , races , socioeconomic backgrounds , dis / ability statuses , etc .
While submissions should touch on both femme identity and radical politics / communities , we leave it up to each contributor to determine what that looks like .
We welcome all types of submissions — essays , personal accounts , poetry , artwork , etc .
Along with your submissions , we ask that you submit a 100 - word bio .
This is merely to get to know who you are and where you are coming from on the femme spectrum .
That said , there will be a bio section in the zine , so if you do wish to have your bio included , say so .
Likewise , if you wish to tell the editors your name , but would not like it published in the finished zine , just let them know .
But they do request you use a pen name or nom de queer so half of the zine is not attributed to anonymous .
Criteria for submissions :
Absolutely nothing oppressive .
You may submit as many pieces as you would like .
Submissions must be in an easily accessable computer format .
Written works must be submitted in a format that will allow for editing for format ( not content ) .
PDF files will not be accepted .
Artwork must be submitted in JPEG format .
If any other issues arise with submissions , they will be handled on an individual basis .
You will receive notice as to whether your submission has been accepted .
If you wish to challenge the rejection of your submission , the editors welcome your feedback .
They only ask you are as respectful to us as we will be to you .
They identify as anarchists and do not wish to hold any sort of power over anyone else .
This zine ’s purpose is to bring unity and strength to femmes around the world .
Submissions are due by April 15 , to femmemeansattack@gmail.com .
Via Radical Queer News .
Tatsachenbehauptung und freie Meinungsäußerung Florian Rötzer
Gericht sieht im der Äußerung der Medienwissenschaftlerin Schiffer , ein Polizist habe rassistisch motiviert gehandelt , keine üble Nachrede
Die Erlanger Medienwissenschaftlerin Sabine Schiffer , Leiterin des Instituts für Medienverantwortung , hatte in einem Interview einen Polizisten als rassistisch motiviert bezeichnet , der dem Mann der ermordeten Marwa El - Sherbini im Gericht ins Bein geschossen hatte , nachdem dieser dem Mörder die Tatwaffe entwunden hatte .
Der Polizist hielt den Ehemann für den Täter .
Schiffer erhielt deshalb , wie berichtet , wegen übler Nachrede einen Strafbefehl von 6.000 Euro , gegen den sie Widerspruch einlegte und sich auf die grundgesetzlich garantierte Presse - und Meinungsfreiheit berief .
Einer Medienwissenschaftlerin und unabhängigen Beobachterin müsse erlaubt sein , sämtliche Beobachtungen und Überlegungen öffentlich zu äußern , die zur Aufklärung eines Vorfalls dienlich sein könnten .
Urheber unliebsamer Äußerungen dürften nicht mit Beleidigungsklagen eingeschüchtert werden .
Schiffer hatte wiederholt klar gestellt , dass sie dem Polizisten weder eine rassistische Einstellung noch vorsätzliches Handeln unterstellen wollte .
Er habe vielmehr unbewusst und beeinflusst durch " mediale Darstellungen " in einer Stressreaktion so gehandelt ( zum Thema s.a. das Telepolis - Interview " Islamfeindlichkeit kommt nicht vom Rand " mit Sabine Schiffer ) .
Gestern wurde der Fall vom Erlanger Amtsgericht behandelt .
Richter Wolfgang Frank wies die Anschuldigung der Staatsanwaltschaft zurück , dass es sich bei der Äußerung um üble Nachrede oder um eine Beleidigung gehandelt habe , und sprach Sabine Schiffer frei .
Sie sei durch das Grundrecht auf freie Meinungsäußerung gedeckt , da es sich nicht um eine Tatsachenbehauptung , sondern um eine Meinungsäußerung gehandelt habe .
Während die Staatsanwaltschaft sich darauf berief , dass Schiffer in dem Interview das Adverb " sicherlich " verwendet hatte , sah der Richter gerade darin nicht eine Verstärkung , sondern eine Relativierung der Behauptung .
NeedInsuranceAmerica
In today time where Auto insurance expenses continue to grow , and so many options at hand that one is confused which to choose , the best thing one can do is use www.needinsuranceamerica.com and evaluate rates and locate policy which suit your needs best , as the frequently exhausting procedure of selecting auto or car insurance can be made easy with just a few clicks .
In fact you will like the way www.needinsuranceamerica.com works as it will not only give you the best quote but also many information that you need .
Well if you own a car or planning to buy one then there are few things that one has to keep in mind , especially one of the most important of all auto or car insurance .
Auto or car insurance is a must in every state of America .
Although it may seem to be an added cost to many , but it is a very protective shield during the time when you meet with an accident as the expense that one may have to pay at time of hospitalization is really high .
Auto or car insurance actually provides you the peace of mind that you really look for as you know you will be taken care of .
As we know that Auto insurance relieves many as they know that they are covered and if something happens then care is taken .
But think of a scenario where you were caught by the cops at time of an accident and unfortunately you thought that taking insurance was a waste of money ?
Well if you did , then definitely you are in deep trouble as there are very high chances that you may be loaded with high fines or to worsen the situation even more , you car license may be cancelled or you vehicle registration may be cancelled .
The insurance companies see to it that they report every detail about policies renewal , new policies or cancellation to the motor vehicle authority .
Hence getting caught with no policy is highly not recommended in such situation .
Moreover in today ’s high tech world it is really easy to get every thing at just a click of a button .
There are many insurance companies that offer you insurance policies .
But we at www.needinsuranceamerica.com not only offer you insurance policies but also give you free quotes that will suit your need the best .
So it is highly recommended that you start saving now and also avail of your free insurance quotes as it is worth your time and also easy and fastest way to get all the information that you really wanted to know about Auto insurance .
So why wait click now !
Fans went wild when Nintendo announced Metroid : Other M at E3 last year , and for good reason : the game looked like a return to form for the series in many ways , some sort of odd hybrid of 3D graphics and 2D gaming .
They also applauded because the title was being brought to life by the hands of two very unlikely parties : Super Metroid director Yoshio Sakamoto and Team Ninja ( best known for over - the - top fighting and action games like Dead or Alive and Ninja Gaiden ) .
Today , Nintendo let press go hands - on with the first hour or so of Metroid : Other M , and quite frankly , it surprised me .
It 's a traditional Metroid experience that offers up a completely different take from anything we 've seen to date .
Before Nintendo would even let us go hands - on with the game behind closed doors , it sat us down in front of a huge screen to watch the game 's hearty opening cinematic , detailing the final moments of Super Metroid .
The look and feel of it is unlike anything you 've seen in a Metroid game ; the world and the characters are familiar , but with a decidedly darker take .
Mother Brain , for instance , is depicted as a hulking , slimy alien beast that 's more reminiscent of an H.R. Giger creature than what you might remember from the original Super Nintendo title .
Nintendo is throwing around the word " cinematic " a lot when referring to Other M , and that 's probably the best way to describe it .
It 's dialogue - heavy , with Samus providing a calm , serious voice that keeps with the game 's sober ( perhaps " more mature , " if you will ) tone .
Whereas previous Metroid titles may have implied a deeper story than what was on the surface ( or in the case of the Prime titles , provided backstory based on objects and text found in the environment ) , it 's obvious that Other M is going to wear its narrative on its sleeve .
Within the first hour of the game , you 're introduced to a handful of characters , including a number of folks from Samus ' past .
Without giving too much away , the game begins when Samus answers a distress call from a partially destroyed space station .
Once she arrives , she finds that the Galactic Federation has already arrived and is composed of her former crew members .
A voice - over shown in a flashback explains that the now - bounty hunter had left the Federation due to an " incident , " surely to be explored later in the game 's story .
This focus on cut-scenes and dialogue was striking and unexpected , if not alarming .
In these opening scenes , Samus speaks more , and is spoken to more , than in all previous Metroid titles combined .
As someone who had never delved deep into the Metroid mythology , I truly do feel that I know more about Metroid 's female protagonist than ever before , and that 's exactly Nintendo 's goal with Other M .
At this point , you 're probably wondering just how Metroid : Other M plays .
I was surprised to find that it 's not simply a 2D - style platformer set to more robust 3D visuals .
In fact , it 's the strangest hybrid of third - person and first - person action that I 've ever played .
Other M is played with the Wii Remote and nothing but the Wii Remote .
Held on its side like a standard controller , you 'll control Samus using the D - pad to move left and right , as well as into the background and out to the foreground .
Other M does n't simply play along a 2D plane , as the early trailer suggested .
While there are some areas that feel like standard 2D action and platforming , Other M's camera and depth of navigation actually change depending on the situation and the area , some of which will allow you to move around in a in fully three - dimensional space .
Because of this , a simple blast of Samus ' arm cannon ( perform with the " 1 " button ) aims automatically .
A room full of enemies will be auto - targeted , and it 's possible to just rapidly tap the button to take out a cluster of foes , as long as you 're facing in their direction .
It takes a moment to get used to this ; my inclination was to try to " aim " at each of them individually .
But letting the game take over for me was actually liberating , and made the rapid - fire button - pressing feel a hell of a lot like the 2D Metroid games of old , even when I was running around in a 3D space .
You can also go into first - person mode by turning the remote and pointing it at the screen .
At this point , Samus ' visor comes up , and you 're allowed to explore the environment for new paths and items .
This mode is also how you 'll fire your missiles , and it appears to be the only way to activate them .
By pointing at and holding the reticle on an enemy ( or something in the environment ) , you 'll lock on and be given the ability to fire a rocket .
This " turn the remote and point at the screen " thing feels completely unique and also ... odd .
Pulling your fingers off the D - pad and buttons takes a few moments , moments that are precious in a heated battle .
This was particularly difficult to do in one of the game 's early boss battles , some hulking monster made from purple space bugs .
The goal of this fight was to hit the creature in its eye with a rocket , and I had some issues with coming to a complete stop , aiming the Wii remote , and waiting to fire .
Samus has also been given a few other new abilities not previously seen in Metroid titles .
She can now dodge enemy fire and other attacks by tapping the D - pad in any direction immediately before getting hit .
In an early tutorial setting , I was also able to get close to enemies and hit the attack button , which performed a melee kick attack .
And while I was n't able to use it in any real - time combat situations , it 's also possible to hop on and mount enemies for an attack .
Tying in directly into the more personal feel and approach to Samus that mentioned earlier , the game takes total control over the camera -- depending on the situation and room , you 're given a different ( sometimes more cinematic ) view of the action .
In one smaller room I stepped into , the camera pulled in tight over over Samus ' shoulder ( think Resident Evil 4 ) , giving me an intimate view of my investigation .
Interestingly , killing enemies will no longer provide you with health or missiles .
Instead , tilting the Wii Remote vertically and holding " A " can replenish your supply at any time .
The same can be done for health as well ; if it dips into the red , tilting the remote and holding " A " will replenish one energy tank .
Also , weapon and suit " upgrades " wo n't be found through exploration .
Instead , in the sections I played , the Commanding Officer of the Galactic Federation ( whom you 'll be working alongside ) " authorized the use of " morph ball bombs .
With Tecmo and Nintendo on board , there 's little doubt that Other M will be a high - quality experience , and it showed in the short demo .
Visually , the game is stunning , a completely fresh take on the Metroid universe .
From a gameplay perspective , the game challenges expectations of the series ' formula .
Whether or not fans will embrace the change -- or still call for a true 2D return to form ( Metroid Dread , anyone ? ) -- remains to be seen .
Spending more time with the game ( and seeing how the narrative and game unfolds ) will be the real test as to whether this new take on Metroid can find its place among the classics .
We 'll find out soon -- Metroid : Other M ships on June 27 .
Click to open photo gallery :
How Do I Learn Photoshop ?
While there are plenty of great learning resources available online , it ’s often difficult for beginners to know where to start , because everything seems to be scattered .
With this post , you ’ll find links to plenty of resources to teach you all the basics and fundamentals of Photoshop , including :
How to install and use Photoshop brushes and actions Keyboard shortcuts for Photoshop An introduction to Photoshop layers
How to install and use Photoshop styles Various introductory guides to Photoshop tools
Intro to Photoshop ’s Tools and UI :
The resources in this section will serve as an introduction for those who are new to Photoshop .
Some people appear to be so deaf and dumb when it comes to the use of adobe photoshop and different tools associated with it .
There are a guide and tutorial available for each of the single process so that it becomes really easy for the beginners to start working on adobe photoshop .
They will help you to learn your way around the interface and with some of the basics of Photoshop .
Keyboard Shortcuts for Adobe Photoshop
There are keyboard shortcuts available for wide range of processes to make the things happen quickly for professionals .
New Photoshop Tutorials Added Daily on the Sleeklens Blog
This blog contains the tutorials for beginners as well as people who want to master their skills in a more firm and unique way .
The Photoshop Workspace ( video )
Photoshop workspace is the official platform containing all the useful tutorials and basic things to make it easy for the beginners .
The Ultimate Guide to Customizing How You Work in Adobe Photoshop CC
Before you start working on adobe photoshop , this guide will make it really simple for you to use adobe photoshop and understand how
More resources for learning the tools and UI :
Layers , Layer Styles , Layer Masks and Adjustment Layers :
In order to be able to efficiently and effectively work with Photoshop , you will need a solid understanding of layers .
The resources in this section provide guides for working with layers in Photoshop , as well as layer styles , layer masks , and adjustment layers .
The Ultimate Guide to Adjustment Layers ( series )
In order to customize any photo , you must have a better understanding of how to use different adjustment layers .
Intro to Photoshop Layer Styles ( series )
Layer styles are used to transform the text and convert it into colorful and attractive calligraphic fonts .
These customized calligraphic fonts can be used for different purposes .
How to Install and Use Photoshop Styles ( video )
It is important to use photoshop styles if you want to customize the whole picture in a single click .
A Complete Beginner ’s Guide to Masking in Photoshop
More resources for learning about layers , layer styles , layer masks , and adjustment layers :
The Pen Tool :
Photoshop ’s pen tool can be used for impressive results , but it can be very difficult to use if you do n’t understand how it works .
The following resources will provide helpful guides to explain the pen tool and how you can use it in your own work .
Photoshop ’s Pen Tool : The Comprehensive Guide
Pen tool can be used for any geometrical figure or any other desired shape in no time .
Photoshop Pen Tool Guide
Pen tool can be used to draw the variety of geometrical figures and shapes sharply and precisely .
Making Selections with the Pen Tool
You will have to use the pen tool in a variety of processes including poster designs and other works .
So , the pen tool will be an important asset while working your way through the whole process .
Become a Master of the Pen Tool in Under 30 Minutes
More resources for the pen tool :
Brushes and Other Presets :
Brushes , patterns , shapes , and the other presets are an essential part of Photoshop .
Whether you are using the presets that come with the software , downloading those created by other designers , or creating your own , learning the potential of these presets and how to work with them should be a priority .
Photoshop ’s Brush Tool – Basic Guide
Brush tool can be used to paint a particular object , surface or draw different shapes using the pen tool .
How to Install and Use Photoshop Brushes ( video )
Another detailed video describing applications of photoshop brushes .
Installing and Managing Brushes and Other Presets
Brush tools come with a variety of drawing shapes and other presets offer you full freedom to customize the picture in your own desired way .
How to Install and Use Photoshop Actions ( video )
Photoshop actions refer to the visual effects that are used in different photos and videos to
More resources for brushes and presets :
Type Tool :
The type tool is a little more straightforward than some of the others for beginners , but it still helps to have a firm grasp of how the tool works and what you can do with text in Photoshop .
A Comprehensive Introduction to the Type Tool
More learning resources related to the type tool :
Transform :
With Photoshop ’s transform capabilities you can edit and manipulate objects in a variety of different ways .
The links provided below with get you started .
Selections :
The are several different ways to make selections in Photoshop , and each technique has certain situations where it works better than others .
Here you ’ll learn about the basic selection tools and when to use them .
Basic Selection Tools in Photoshop CS6 ( video )
While editing , you will have to manage all the layers and smart objects precisely and carefully .
So , there are range of selection tools available for you to do so .
Quick Selection Tool ( video )
Quick selection tool makes it easy and simple for you to choose any particular smart object , layer or any other similer object .
More resources for selections :
Clone Stamp Tool and Content Aware Fill :
The clone stamp tool allows you to duplicate , or clone , an area .
The resources below will explain how to tool works and how you can use it .
Using the Clone Stamp ( video )
Clone stamp tool can be used to remove any unwanted or inappropriate thing from the picture carefully and precisely .
How to Use Content Aware Fill in Photoshop
Sometimes , it becomes necessary to remove a particular object or material from the scene .
This content aware fill tool enables you to do so by creating multiple layers of that object and background .
More learning resources related to the clone stamp tool :
Blend Modes :
Photoshop ’s various blend modes give users a lot of potentials to create different results quickly and easily .
The links in this section will explain how you can play with the blend modes of your layers and what types of changes it will have .
An Explanation of Photoshop Blending Modes
It is another state - of - art technology to blend and mix different colors or effects to produce a unique color contrast .
More resources for blend modes :
Filters
Photoshop has a number of different filters that you can use , and each has its own purpose and use .
These links will explain some of the different filters , how they work , and when you should use them .
Photoshop CC Filters Help Salvage Photos Once Deemed Unusable
Filters customize each and every aspect of the picture as a whole and produce a wonderful unique contrast .
How to Use the Camera Shake Reduction Filer in Photoshop CC
Camera shake reduction filter stabilizes all the colors of the photo and this feature is accompanied with some other simple customizations as well .
Create Vignette Effects with the Radial Filter in Photoshop CC
The radial filter allows you to create vintage effects and customize that effect as well .
More learning resources related to filters :
Smart Objects :
Photoshop smart objects can help you to save time on repetitive tasks , and these links will show you how to use them .
Efficiency and Performance :
If you use Photoshop a lot you will want to make the most of your time with it .
The resources here will help you to work smarter with as little wasted time as possible .
How to Tune Photoshop CS6 for Peak Performance
Many people have to face problems as they use a lot of different features collectively or create many layers .
So , they can make some simple changes that you can make to boost up the performance of this software .
Manage Your Layers More Efficiently with Photoshop CS6
Sometimes it becomes really tricky to manage all the different layers in adobe photoshop .
This tutorial discusses few tips and tricks to make this simple and easy for the beginners .
More resources for efficiency and performance :
Saving Images :
These links will show you how you can save and optimize images that are going to be used on websites , for maximum performance .
Saving Images for the Web in Photoshop CC
You will learn to save the photo to make the good use of it afterward .
How to Save a Photo for Print in Photoshop CC
You will learn to save and print the photo for desired use .
Working with Colors in Photoshop :
Colors are , of course , an essential part of any design .
These resources will explain the basics of working with color in Photoshop .
Color Settings in Photoshop CC ( video )
You will learn to apply a suitable color contrast and make the best use of it .
Color Replacement in Photoshop CS6 ( video )
Colors can be replaced with light or dark and other suitale colors to produce an amazing contrast that is worth your time .
More resources for working with color :
Now that you ’ve learned the basics of Photoshop , here are some tutorial collections that you may want to check out :
Pontifikale Geheimnisse Arno Kleinebeckel
Vieles deutet daraufhin , dass die Diözesanbischöfe und der Vatikan Opfern und der Opferperspektive keine hohe Priorität einräumen
Wenn Priester Kinder sexuell missbrauchen , schlagen die Wellen in den Medien hoch .
Und doch bleiben viele Fälle im Dunkeln .
Denn die päpstliche Politik bezüglich sexuellen Missbrauchs unterliegt dem pontifikalen Geheimnis ; lang andauernde kirchliche Ermittlungen werden Personen aufgetragen , die nicht bei staatlichen Ermittlungsbehörden arbeiten .
Effektive , unabhängige und transparente Untersuchungen bleiben so auf der Strecke .
Ob die jüngsten Stellungsnahmen der deutschen Bischöfe zum Missbrauchsskandal daher mehr sein können als wohlfeile Krisen - PR , bleibt fraglich .
Gemeinsam mit den protestantischen Kirchen ist die katholische Kirche in Deutschland zweitgrößter Arbeitgeber .
In Deutschland bekennen sich rund 33 % der Bevölkerung zum römisch - katholischen Glauben ; viele der Gesundheitseinrichtungen und Schulen werden direkt durch die katholische Kirche betrieben .
In Anbetracht dieses beträchtlichen Einflusses , dem damit nicht zuletzt die Kinder in diesem Land ausgesetzt sind , sollte der Staat auf die Einhaltung der Kinderrechtskonvention durch die römisch - katholische Kirche achten .
Als einer der ersten Staaten trat der Vatikan 1990 der Kinderrechtskonvention bei .
Sie hielt die Weltgemeinschaft dazu an , die Durchsetzung der Kinderrechte voranzutreiben .
Die UN - Kinderrechtskonvention ist am 20 .
Januar 1990 ratifiziert worden .
In Deutschland wurde sie am 5 .
April 1992 rechtskräftig .
Durch seinen Beitritt akzeptierte der Vatikan die festgeschriebenen Verbindlichkeiten und stimmte zu , sie in die Praxis umzusetzen .
Kircheninterne Untersuchungen
Was zeigt zunächst die Tradition ?
Seit 2001 gibt es vom Vatikan Anweisung , beim Verdacht auf sexuellen Missbrauch nur eine kircheninterne Untersuchung einzuleiten - unter dem Siegel der Verschwiegenheit .
Die staatliche Justiz bleibt so erst mal außen vor .
Dies widerspricht nicht nur dem geltenden Recht in Deutschland , das auch kirchliche Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeiter dem staatlichen Recht unterstellt , sondern auch der UN - Kinderrechtskonvention .
Ein Rechtswirrwar sondergleichen begünstigt die klerikale Geheimniskrämerei .
Früh schon wurden kirchliche Sonderrechte festgeschrieben und selbst in problematischen Zeiten sorgsam tradiert .
So bestätigte das Konkordat zwischen dem Heiligen Stuhl und dem Deutschen Reich von 1933 ( Artikel 9 ) , dass Geistliche von Gerichts - und anderen Behörden nicht um Auskünfte über Tatsachen angehalten werden können , die ihnen bei Ausübung der Seelsorge anvertraut wurden und deshalb unter die Pflicht der seelsorgerlichen Verschwiegenheit fallen .
In Deutschland existieren heute zwei Sorten Recht nebeneinander : das staatliche Verfassungsrecht und das Kirchenrecht , der Codex Iuris Canonici oder das Kanonische Recht , das die internen Justiz der katholischen Kirche regelt .
Als öffentliche Körperschaft ist die katholische Kirche unabhängig vom Staat , untersteht jedoch - außer in spirituellen Fragen - der staatlichen Verfassung .
Absatz 3 in Artikel 137 der Weimarer Reichsverfassung besagt , dass jede Religionsgesellschaft ihre Angelegenheiten innerhalb des für alle deutschen Staatsbürger / innen geltenden staatlichen Rechts selbständig ordnet und verwaltet .
Demnach unterliegt die römisch - katholische Kirche als öffentlich - rechtliche Körperschaft der Verfassung ebenso wie dem Strafrecht , dies betrifft sowohl ihre Rechte als auch ihre Pflichten .
Gesetze und Mauern der Kirche
Im Zusammenhang mit sexuellem Missbrauch bedeutet dies , dass die Artikel 174 - 182 des deutschen Strafgesetzes zu sexuellem Missbrauch , sexueller Nötigung und Vergewaltigung für die römisch - katholische Kirche und ihre Mitglieder ebenso bindend sind wie für jede andere Institution oder Person , die Teil der deutschen Gesellschaft ist .
Dies betrifft auch Artikel 332 c des Strafrechts allgemein , wonach jemand , der von einer unzüchtigen Handlung Kenntnis erlangt , dem Opfer zu helfen hat und die Straftat der Polizei oder dem Staatsanwalt anzuzeigen hat .
Bei Nichtbefolgung liegt eine Straftat vor .
Wenn die Hierarchie der römisch - katholischen Kirche eine Straftat verschleiert , um ihre Angestellten und den Ruf der Kirche zu schützen , ehe sie sich um das Wohl des Opfers kümmert , verstößt sie gegen geltendes Recht .
Das scheint den deutschen Bischöfen inzwischen zu dämmern .
Spät genug .
Missbrauch von Kindern und Schutzbefohlenen ist indes nicht allein ein juristisches Problem .
Die Kirche zeigt sich in jeder Hinsicht als ein „ besonderer Ort “ : Ihre Mauern sind buchstäblich , aber neben der juristischen sind auch soziale und emotionale Abschottung geduldeter Bestandteil der klerikalen Kultur .
Die Frage ist , wie lange das noch der Fall sein soll .
„ Fälle dieser Art unterliegen dem päpstlichen Geheimnis . “
2001 veröffentlichte der „ Heilige Stuhl “ das Dokument Sacramentorum sanctitatis tutela ( in deutscher Übersetzung , samt kirchlicher Anmerkungen hier ) .
Es regelt besondere Zuständigkeiten des höchsten apostolischen Gerichts .
Eine öffentlich kaum bekannte , aber zwischen den Zeilen vielsagende Gesetzesvorschrift .
Mit diesem Dokument wies der oberste Pontifex alle Bischöfe an , die kircheninterne Kongregation für die Glaubenslehre ( Glaubenskongregation ) zu informieren , sobald sie von einem möglichen Fall sexuellen Kindesmissbrauchs durch einen Geistlichen Kenntnis erhielten .
Im Wortlaut : „ Sooft der Ordinarius oder Hierarch wenigstens eine wahrscheinliche Kenntnis [ notitiam saltem verisimilem ] einer vorbehaltenen Straftat hat … “ .
Zuerst soll aber eine lokale „ Vorerhebung “ durchgeführt werden .
Die Kongregation beim Heiligen Stuhl kann anschließend den Fall „ aufgrund besonderer Umstände “ an sich ziehen oder , im Normalfall , dem Ordinarius oder Hierarchen vor Ort Weisungen erteilen , durch sein eigenes , kircheninternes Gericht alles weitere durchzuführen .
Interessanterweise rechnet das päpstliche Dekret auch Sollizitation ( sexuelle Verführung durch Priester im Zuge der Beichte ) zu den Fällen , die der römischen Kongregation ein besonderes Anliegen sind .
Offensichtlich sah der Papst hier Handlungsbedarf ; und in der Tat , der lose Umgang der Geistlichkeit in Fragen einer zweifelhaften Pönitenz hat eine lange kirchliche Tradition ( siehe Fromme Sünder ) .
Überhaupt ist auffällig , dass „ Der Schutz der Heiligkeit der Sakramente “ ( so der Titel des Dekrets auf Deutsch ) schwere Vergehen gegen die Sittlichkeit erst an nachrangiger Position enthält .
Zunächst geht es um das Eucharistische Opfer und Sakramente wir die Buße .
In verschrobenem Wortlaut werden sodann sittliche Vergehen thematisiert , die seltsamerweise jedoch einer höheren Ordnung und Behandlung bedürfen – also wohl als gegeben betrachtet werden .
Von einer Anzeigepflicht , einer Beteiligung externer , staatlicher oder fachlicher Stellen etwa , ist keine Rede .
Seltsam unbestimmt bleibt der Terminus der „ Vorerhebung “ , die in die Rechtsgewalt des Diözesanbischofs gegeben wird .
Der hat jedoch stets das Leitmotiv der Verfahrensordnung laut Artikel 25 § 1 im Hinterkopf : „ Fälle dieser Art unterliegen dem päpstlichen Geheimnis . “
Dies ist Ausdruck der höchsten Stufe von Vertraulichkeit des „ Heiligen Stuhls “ - knapp unterhalb der absoluten Verschwiegenheit sakramentalen Rangs .
Mit der Geheimnisklausel gibt der Pontifex , gewollt oder nicht , Anlass zu klerikaler Verschwiegenheit , die sich , das zeigt die Praxis , in Hinauszögerung , lascher Handhabung und halbherziger Aufklärung konkretisiert .
Genau genommen umgeht der Pontifex die Regelungen zur Anzeige nach Artikel 44 der Kinderrechtskonvention , wenn er zu Gunsten einer internen Vorgehensweise die Relativierung staatlicher Gesetze veranlasst oder zumindest in Kauf nimmt .
" Nicht im Einklang mit deutschem Recht "
Die Praxis der Deutschen Bischofskonferenz im Umgang mit sexuellem Kindesmissbrauch stehe " nicht im Einklang mit deutschem Recht " , kritisierte die Berliner Theologin und Konflikttrainerin Verena Mosen ( siehe ihren Bericht ) im Februar 2010 öffentlich .
Es gebe nach ihrer Kenntnis noch zu viele Kleriker , " die sich in der Hierarchie geborgen fühlen " .
Gern propagiert , aber wenig problematisiert werden kirchlicherseits in diesen Tagen die Leitlinien vom 26 .
September 2002 : " Zum Vorgehen bei sexuellem Missbrauch Minderjähriger durch Geistliche im Bereich der Deutschen Bischofskonferenz .
Leitlinien mit Erläuterungen " .
In der Einleitung zu den Richtlinien betont die Deutsche Bischofskonferenz zwar ihr Mitgefühl mit den Opfern sexuellen Missbrauchs durch Geistliche .
Lediglich zwei Stellen der Einleitung ( Abschnitt 5 , Hilfen für Opfer und Täter , und Abschnitt 7 , Öffentlichkeitswirksame Maßnahmen ) , beziehen sich jedoch überhaupt auf die Opfer .
Sisyphusarbeit im Missbrauchsskandal
Der gesamte übrige Text der Leitlinien konzentriert sich auf die Täterperspektive : Schutz ihrer Angestellten und das Ansehen der Kirche in Deutschland schien den Kirchenfürsten wichtiger zu sein als Aussöhnung , therapeutische Hilfe oder gar Entschädigungsregelungen für die Opfer .
So gibt es keinerlei Anweisung , während der Untersuchungen direkt mit dem Opfer zu kommunizieren .
Erst wenn die Anschuldigungen durch die mit der Untersuchung beauftragten Bediensteten der Diözese , durch den Bischof und durch die Glaubenskongregation „ bewiesen “ sind , wird überhaupt ein persönlicher Kontakt zwischen der Kirche und dem Opfer möglich .
Fazit : Auch die seit 2002 gültigen Leitlinien der Bischofskonferenz begünstigen noch immer die Tradition des Vertuschens und helfen den Tätern , nicht den Opfern .
Sie ersetzen auch keine rechtsverbindlichen Regelungen , und schon gar nicht ersetzen sie diejenige Verantwortung , die sich in echt gelebter , d.h. aktiver ethischer Praxis äußern würde .
Daran fehlt es in der Kirche , aller Moralheorie zum Trotz .
Bis heute scheint es , dass die Diözesanbischöfe und der Vatikan der Opferperspektive keine hohe Priorität einräumen .
Und wenig weist bis jetzt darauf hin , dass der „ Heilige Stuhl “ zum Einhalten des eigenen Rechts oder der Kinderrechtskonvention ermutigen würde , obwohl Amtsträger quer durch die wohl behütete Kirchenhierarchie die Brisanz des Problems seit langem erkannt haben .
Dazu passt : Derzeit beklagen gerade die Verbände an der Basis , die den Opfern am nächsten sind , nicht zum „ runden Tisch “ eingeladen zu sein .
„ Demokratie von unten “ , das bleibt wohl eine Sisyphusarbeit im Missbrauchsskandal .
( Arno Kleinebeckel )
Former Browns QB Derek Anderson excoriated the fans of the city of Cleveland on Tuesday , the same day the team released him .
In an e-mail to the News - Herald of northern Ohio , Anderson said :
" The fans are ruthless and do n't deserve a winner .
I will never forget getting cheered when I was injured .
" I know at times I was n't great .
I hope and pray I 'm playing when my team comes to town and ( we ) roll them . "
Anderson was cut after four years in Cleveland that included a Pro Bowl appearance in 2007 .
But his final two seasons there were lackluster , and included Cleveland fans cheering when Anderson suffered a season - ending knee injury on Nov. 30 , 2008 .
Coach Eric Mangini offered warm words for Anderson in a statement on Monday .
But Anderson , who said he did n't expect the Browns to bring him back , said the team did not speak with him :
" I never heard from anyone until today , " Anderson told the News - Herald .
" Nobody ever tried to reach out to me , which is fine . " -- Sean Leahy
To make Bush speak , enter text in the ' Bush - o - Matic ' tab and press ' Generate '
Select the backing instrument for the music from the drop - down list on the right .
You can control the animation too - place the cursor in the text where you want to insert an action , then choose what you 'd like Bush to do from the drop - down " Pick an action " list .
This inserts a marker to tell Bush to perform the action .
If Bush says that there 's an error in the XML , there is probably a problem with an action marker .
Try deleting any actions and inserting them again , and do n't use ' special ' XML characters like ' < ' , '>' and '& ' .
You can also find out more about XML .
You can even use SSML to change the rate and pitch of the speech and to insert breaks .
Check out the ' Samples ' tab to see how to do it .
For more information on the CereVoice speech synthesizer , see the CereProc website or ' The CereVoice Characterful Speech Synthesiser SDK ' ( pdf link ) article from AISB 2007 .
As many as one quarter of the star clusters in our Milky Way -- many more than previously thought -- are invaders from other galaxies , according to a new study .
The report also suggests there may be as many as six dwarf galaxies yet to be discovered within the Milky Way rather than the two that were previously confirmed .
" Some of the stars and star clusters you see when you look into space at night are aliens from another galaxy , just not the green - skinned type you find in a Hollywood movie .
These ' alien ' star clusters that have made their way into our galaxy over the last few billion years , " says Terry Bridges , an astronomer at Queen 's University in Kingston , Canada .
The study ( co- authored by Duncan Forbes of Swinburne University of Technology in Australia ) has been accepted for publication in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Previously , astronomers had suspected that some star clusters , which contain from 100,000 to a million stars each , were foreign to our galaxy , but it was difficult to identify which ones .
Using mostly Hubble Space Telescope data , Mr. Bridges and Mr. Forbes examined old star clusters within the Milky Way galaxy .
From the research they compiled the largest ever high - quality database to record the age and chemical properties of each of these clusters .
" We looked at all the data we could find .
The best data are from the Hubble Telescope because it has the best imaging , " Bridges says .
" We looked at the ages and the amounts of heavy elements in these clusters , which can be measured from their stars . "
The researchers ' work also suggests that the Milky Way may have swallowed - up more dwarf galaxies than was previously thought .
They found that many of the foreign clusters originally existed within dwarf galaxies -- ' mini ' galaxies of up to 100 million stars that sit within our larger Milky Way .
The study suggests that there are more of these accreted dwarf galaxies in our Milky Way than was thought .
Potential Lua implementation for Guile ?
From : No Itisnt Subject : Potential Lua implementation for Guile ?
Date : Mon , 8 Mar 2010 20:24:44 -0600
I want to apply for GSOC this year .
Since Guile has recently obtained a compilation / language framework , I was thinking that an implementation of the Lua language for Guile , under the auspices of the GNU Project , would be a good fit .
A little background on Lua :
It has a reputation as an " extensible , embeddable " programming language .
It inherits a lot from Scheme , including closures and tail call optimization , but unfortunately not macros :(
I would say it definitely meets the criteria of " ubiquitous intelligent language for extension . "
It 's probably the most popular " extension language " out there .
At maybe ~ 10000 lines of C code , it 's not an unreasonable summer project either .
Personally , I am interested in learning more about parsing and compilation .
I 'd also like to brush up on my Scheme .
Moreover , I think the addition of Lua , similarly to Emacs Lisp , would put Guile in a better position to subvert existing applications that use Lua as their scripting language ( a lot ! ) .
Let me know what you think .
reply via email to
The Geometry of Innocent Flesh on the Bone : Return - into - libc without Function Calls ( on the x86 )
By Hovav Shacham .
In Proceedings of CCS 2007 , pages 552–561 .
ACM Press , Oct. 2007 .
Superseded by [ RBSS12 ] .
Abstract
We present new techniques that allow a return - into - libc attack to be mounted on x86 executables that calls no functions at all .
Our attack combines a large number of short instruction sequences to build gadgets that allow arbitrary computation .
We show how to discover such instruction sequences by means of static analysis .
We make use , in an essential way , of the properties of the x86 instruction set .
Material
published paper ( PDF ) , © ACM .
full paper ( PDF ) .
See Also
Reference
@ InProceedings {S07 , author = { Hovav Shacham} , title = { The Geometry of Innocent Flesh on the Bone : Return - into - libc without Function Calls ( on the { x86} ) } , booktitle = { Proceedings of CCS 2007} , editor = { De Capitani di Vimercati , Sabrina and Paul Syverson} , month = oct , year = 2007 , publisher = {ACM Press} , pages = { 552-61} }
The controversy surrounding Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner ’s role in the 2008 Wall Street bailouts was ramped up Thursday with the revelation of emails that show the New York Federal Reserve — then run by Geithner — pressured insurance giant AIG to withhold information about payments the company made to its creditors .
Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) obtained emails between AIG employees showing that the company had planned to disclose in its filings to the SEC that it had paid 100 cents on the dollar to creditors like Goldman Sachs and other banks , but “ the New York Fed crossed out the reference , ” Bloomberg News reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
AIG has received $ 183 billion in taxpayer relief .
The news that the New York Fed attempted to keep from the public how that money was spent will likely increase political opposition to Geithner ’s appointment as Treasury Secretary .
As Shahien Nasiripour notes at the Huffington Post , a report ( PDF ) last fall from the inspector general for the TARP bailout found that the New York Fed pressured AIG into paying creditors like Deutsche Bank , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Wachovia 100 cents on the dollar for failed insurance agreements known as credit default swaps , even though AIG was actively negotiating with those banks to pay them less .
If AIG had had its way , it would have saved taxpayers money .
But the Fed ’s intervention ensured taxpayers would be on the hook for all of AIG ’s bad debts .
The report therefore appeared to be definitive evidence that the Federal Reserve was far more concerned with the well - being of Wall Street than the well - being of the taxpayers bailing out Wall Street firms .
The emails obtained by Rep. Issa show that AIG was aware that the New York Fed ’s insistence on hiding the debt payments was questionable .
Huffington
Post reports :
In a March 12 , 2009 , e-mail , Kathleen Shannon , an AIG in - house lawyer and senior vice president , told AIG executives that the firm needed to come up with a reason , per the New York Fed , for why it was n’t going to publicly disclose details regarding payments to counterparties .
“ In order to make only the disclosure that the Fed wants us to make …we need to have a reasonable basis for believing and arguing to the SEC that the information we are seeking to protect is not already publicly available , ” Shannon wrote in an e-mail sent at 10:55 p.m. on March 12 .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information to the SEC , ” Issa said in a statement , as quoted at Bloomberg and Huffington Post .
“ The American taxpayers , who own approximately 80 % of AIG , deserve full and complete disclosure under our nation ’s securities laws , not the withholding of politically inconvenient information .
“ This news ought to serve as a cautionary tale to those who advocate giving the Federal Reserve even more power over the U.S. economy .
The lack of transparency and accountability is disturbing enough , but the outstanding question that remains is why the [ New York Fed ] did n’t fight for a better deal for the American taxpayer . ”
In all , AIG paid $ 62.1 billion in credit default swaps to its creditors at the insistence of Geithner ’s New York Fed , Bloomberg reports , amounting to what critics call an additional “ backdoor bailout ” of the large banks that received the money .
ADVERTISEMENT
Lawmakers from both sides of the aisle , including Oregon Democrat Peter DeFazio , have called for Geithner ’s resignation over his role in the TARP bailout .
DeFazio has argued that firing Geithner , along with White House economic director Larry Summers , would send a strong signal that the Obama administration is breaking with the economic circle that was running Wall Street and the Fed when the economic collapse took place .
premium_icon Expert picks :
Who is most likely to topple the Tigers ?
VOTE NOW
Just over 50 per cent of our experts think the Tigers will win this year ’s flag .
But who are the rest picking ?
To say it is wide open would be an understatement .
Check out the Crystal Ball for more predictions and HAVE YOUR SAY .
The Department of Defense has identified 4,374 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war and 1,008 who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans on Tuesday :
Iraq
McLYMAN , Erin L. , 26 , Pfc. , Army ; Federal Way , Wash . ; Second Infantry Division .
Afghanistan
PORTO , Jonathan D. , 26 , Cpl. , Marines ; Largo , Fla. ; Second Marine Division .
WHETTEN , Glen J. , 31 , Sgt. First Class , Army ; Mesa , Ariz . ; First Infantry Division .
What is it about Sundays ?
They usually start fine : Liane Hansen and the estimable Will Shortz on the radio , a few cups of coffee with my weekly dose of network TV bloviation , followed by a Bach cantata or a Haydn mass on the stereo , and then an hour or so with The New York Times .
But somewhere during the late morning or early afternoon , a weight begins to settle on my chest , a pervasive melancholy that evolves over the next few hours into something worse , a feeling of ... I do n't want to call it depression , since that 's become a diagnostic category and may not apply , but certainly a burdensome and occasionally almost immobilizing despondency .
It 's a feeling unique to Sunday , distinctly different from any sadness that might be felt on any other day of the week .
It 's predictable , for one thing , and it covers the day in a gelatinous gray fog , it sucks joy and energy out of every endeavor .
And I suspect I 'm not the only one subject to it .
But the reasons for it elude me .
When I first started to experience it -- I think it was as far back as the fifth grade -- it did n't seem mysterious at all .
School was going to resume the next morning , and I disliked school .
Reason enough .
In junior high , there was added to this the realization that I had n't done my weekend homework when I should have and would now have to do all of it after Sunday Night at the London Palladium ( England 's amateurish answer to the Ed Sullivan Show ) ended at ten .
In high school , there was added to these other things the distress about all my grand hopes for the weekend having come to naught .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former leader Radovan Karadzic has said the Serb cause in the Bosnian war was " just and holy " as he began his defence at his genocide trial at The Hague .
Mr Karadzic , who led the Bosnian Serbs during the war in the 1990s , said there was a core group of Muslims in Bosnia - then and now - who wanted 100 % power .
He said the Serbs acted in self - defence after their peace plans were rejected .
He insists he is innocent of all 11 charges from the 1992 - 95 Bosnian war , including genocide and war crimes .
The trial had been adjourned since November and the judge rejected a new request for a further postponement .
' Mere mortal ' Mr Karadzic , 64 , suspended his boycott and appeared in court along with his lawyer on Monday as the trial resumed .
AT THE SCENE Matt Cole , BBC News , The Hague When he stepped into court one , Radovan Karadzic appeared relaxed and controlled .
He smiled and joked with his legal team , throwing back his head , with its silver mane of hair , as he laughed .
Looking out over the top of his glasses , the former Bosnian Serb leader began his defence in typically flamboyant style , welcoming " active and passive " participants to his trial .
The 64 - year - old remained seated as he began to outline his case at pace .
He spoke so fast at times the red-robed lead judge , O - Gon Kwon , had to ask him to slow down for the interpreters translating his words to the watching world .
Mr Karadzic appeared to slow a fraction before continuing with a confident zeal , outlining a defence that claimed his people were under attack from Bosnian Muslims .
" I will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy , " Mr Karadzic said in translated comments at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ( ICTY ) .
" I stand here before you not to defend the mere mortal that I am , but to defend the greatness of a small nation in Bosnia - Hercegovina , which for 500 years has had to suffer , " he told the court .
" We have a good case .
We have good evidence and proof . "
After his initial remarks , Mr Karadzic began laying out a detailed account of the events that led up to the outbreak of the war .
The wartime leader is trying to show that there was no joint criminal enterprise - no plan or plot - to carry out the genocide or " ethnic cleansing " , but that Serbs were only defending themselves from perceived Muslim aggression , says the BBC's Dominic Hughes at the trial .
" Their conduct gave rise to our conduct , and that is 100 % true , " Mr Karadzic told the court .
' War trick '
He pointed to one defining event of the 44 - month siege of Sarajevo - the 1994 attack on a market in which nearly 70 people died - saying it was a stage - managed " trick " for which Serbian forces were falsely blamed .
THE CHARGES
Eleven counts of genocide , war crimes , crimes against humanity and other atrocities Charged over shelling of Sarajevo during the city 's siege , in which some 12,000 civilians died Allegedly organised the massacre of up to 8,000 Bosniak men and youths in Srebrenica Targeted Bosniak and Croat political leaders , intellectuals and professionals Unlawfully deported and transferred civilians because of national or religious identity Destroyed homes , businesses and sacred sites
Delays and prevarications at trial Key excerpts : Opening statement Mr Karadzic showed the court pictures of an empty marketplace , claiming it was the scene shortly before , as he put it , hundreds appeared and the attack was reported .
He is expected to present a two - day opening statement before prosecutors present their first witness on Wednesday .
The trial has drawn strong reactions from survivors of the Sarajevo siege .
" I do n't believe The Hague can punish him enough .
They should send him back to us here in Sarajevo so we can hang him here in the middle of the city , " Muhamed Dizdar , a merchant in Markale market told the AP news agency .
Bloody campaign Mr Karadzic faces two charges of genocide - including the killing in Srebrenica of more than 7,000 men and boys - as well as nine other counts including murder , extermination , persecution and forced deportation .
Prosecutors say he orchestrated a campaign of " ethnic cleansing " against Bosniaks ( Bosnian Muslims ) and Croats in eastern Bosnia to create an ethnically pure Serbian state .
In his opening statement last October , prosecutor Alan Tieger said Mr Karadzic " harnessed the forces of nationalism , hatred and fear to pursue his vision of an ethnically segregated Bosnia " .
Mr Karadzic had boycotted the proceedings , insisting on more time to prepare his case .
In November , the court appointed British lawyer Richard Harvey to take over the defence if he continued his boycott .
Mr Karadzic was arrested in Belgrade in 2008 after nearly 13 years on the run .
During his time in power , he was president of the self - styled Bosnian Serb Republic and commander of its army during the Bosnian conflict which left more than 100,000 people dead .
He is the most significant figure to face justice at this tribunal since the former Yugoslav President , Slobodan Milosevic , who died of a heart attack in 2006 before his own trial was concluded .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Editor 's note : Roland S. Martin , a CNN political analyst , is a nationally syndicated columnist and author of " Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith , " and the new book , " The First : President Barack Obama 's Road to the White House . "
He is a commentator for TV One Cable Network and host of a one - hour Sunday morning news show .
( CNN ) -- Republicans on Capitol Hill are acting like spoiled brats after Democrats snatched victory from the jaws of defeat by passing health care reform .
On the day President Obama signed the bill into law , Sen .
John McCain , who often touts his ability to work across the aisle , said Republicans will no longer cooperate with Democrats because of the passage of health care .
In an interview with an Arizona radio station , McCain said : " There will be no cooperation for the rest of the year .
They have poisoned the well in what they 've done and how they 've done it . "
Senator Lindsey Graham , a major player in crafting immigration reform legislation , said that legislation is " dead " this year as a result of the Democrats voting to approve health care reform .
( Graham says he will still take part in negotiations with Democrats on a bill to address climate change issues . )
These two men sound like pouty kids who lost a game and then take their ball and go home .
I thought we were supposed to send grown people to Washington to handle the people 's business .
We are used to seeing members of the opposite party express their displeasure with legislation .
But saying no cooperation for the rest of the year ?
Dumb .
There are crucial issues facing Americans right now .
No , not Americans who are Democrats , not Americans who vote Republican , but Americans who want to see movement on improving schools and roads , reforming the banking industry and other vital issues .
This is where President Obama should say the heck with all of this partisan nonsense .
He should say , " Either you get in the game or get out of the way . "
We have been debating for years about immigration reform .
Right now , an estimated 12 million folks are in the nation illegally .
It is affecting our local , state and national economy , our schools , hospitals and other vital areas .
So why should confronting that be put on the back burner because Sen.
Lindsey Graham has a burr under his saddle ?
The nation 's schools are in shambles and President Obama wants to make massive changes to the No Child Left Behind Act .
Unions are not too enthused with the bill , and Republicans want there to be more accountability for the dramatic amount of money being earmarked for expanding the initiative .
So are we supposed to tell our schoolchildren that they should forget the need for more early childhood learning , more dollars to hire better teachers and improve low - performing schools ?
American taxpayers have been totally screwed by Wall Street .
Their reckless behavior tanked our economy .
We saved their jobs with billions of dollars , and they turned around and rewarded themselves with billions in bonuses .
Had Americans not given them money , there would have been no jobs and no bonuses !
So , the Senate has now undertaken financial regulatory reform , and Republicans simply refuse to even negotiate on the issue .
It 's time for Congress to go after Wall Street and put regulations in place .
We can not trust them to do right this time .
They did n't do it before , and no one should think their greed has been tempered by our financial collapse .
This is the nonsense that voters have tired of .
If politicians on both sides are there to represent their views , then they have to do it .
For the GOP , stop canceling hearings .
Stop threatening not to engage in legislative negotiations .
And if Republicans make it clear they will say no to everything , the Democrats must learn to lead and go it alone .
The November election is meaningless to me .
What matters is trying to fix what is broken with this country .
And we can't repair our schools , our borders and Wall Street unless our political leaders in Washington act like grown men and women and not petulant children acting out in a fit of rage .
Grow up and get to work !
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .
Greetings from en route to Marjah .
I ’m out in Afghanistan for a spell to do some reporting for the magazine .
I thought I would file some posts as I go along , while trying to avoid subjects that might overlap with my prospective print piece — hard to sort out how to do that with precision , but I ’ll try .
To reach Kabul and beyond I hitched a ride with the press pool accompanying Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Mike Mullen , who is in Afghanistan for about forty - eight hours .
The pool includes me , two old Washington Post colleagues , Karen DeYoung and David Ignatius , as well as Joe Klein of Time , Doyle McManus of the Los Angeles Times , and four or five others .
It ’s kind of a Bucket List trip for aging national - security reporters .
I ’ll peel off from the pool tomorrow and report the rest of the way on my own , but for now I ’m enjoying a quick inside - the - wire tour .
I ’m typing this from the cargo hold of a V - 22 Osprey , that Star Wars - looking hybrid of jet and helicopter .
Ignatius remarked as we boarded that it looked like an aircraft designed by a congressional committee .
You can take off like an airplane or lift off like a helicopter .
We rolled down the runway with the rear ramp lowered .
A gunner strapped to the fuselage held down his position on a machine gun , trying not to let the G’s pull him down the ramp to dangle in the sky .
We let off a few missile - deflecting flares as we lifted into Stinger altitude over Kabul .
The Chairman ’s traveling party also includes a U.S.O. contingent .
Our flight from Andrews bore Rose McGowan , of the TV show “ Charmed . ”
Her brother is a fighter pilot and although she had never done anything like this , she seemed enthusiastic about it .
She was even missing her brother ’s wedding to make the trip and meet the troops .
( Times are changing and we New Yorker writers now happily file celebrity news updates online . )
Another aircraft carried James Gandolfini , star of “ The Sopranos . ” I was hoping to find him at the elders shura in Marjah , briefing COIN doctrine : “ Believe me , we ’re gonna take care of you people . ”
A little later :
As it happened , Mullen was on his own , starpower - wise .
Marjah is a flat , green expanse of irrigated land .
The poppy harvest is just a few weeks away .
Our V - 22s descended in a wheat field .
The ramp came down and for as far as the eye could see was poppy in near - bloom — we seemed to have found the only wheat field in town .
We stumbled away through ditches , found a joint Marine - Afghan base in the district center , and proceeded to a beige gauze tent , where Mullen sat cross -legged on a carpet .
A succession of Marine and Afghan officers then stood before makeshift maps and outdid themselves in enunciating the precepts of counterinsurgency doctrine and pronouncing confidence in its success .
Their fact reporting did not seem to justify an immediately triumphal outlook , however .
The local population still faces Taliban intimidation , the Helmand governor reported , in reply to Mullen ’s questions .
The local cell phone company is receiving threats and struggling with service .
The markets are open but not functioning as well as the Marines would like .
It ’s not clear what will be done about the poppy harvest , or who will benefit from it .
The offensive here only began forty - five days ago .
This is hardcore Taliban country where many locals have been collaborators for years in a Taliban - supervised , opium - based , efficiently taxed economy .
Already the Taliban have resurfaced from within the local population , according to analysts involved in the Marine operations — probably an indication of the extent to which the Taliban have leveraged their way into the opium economy in recent years .
Poppy used to be sold at Marjah ’s bazaars at harvest times like this .
Now farmers either have to eat sunk costs or risk attempting to market someplace else , where they have less protection .
The Taliban use this predicament to press their messaging .
They also sow local roads with enough I.E.D. ’s to keep government officials at home and to make clear that the territory is still contested .
The resistance to the American offensive here , then , has so far been significant , if hardly overwhelming .
Even successful counterinsurgency takes time and proceeds in zig -zags .
It seems early to judge this chapter .
Nonetheless , the Helmand governor , Gulab Mangal , knows his brief .
He wore a turban made from fashionable black cloth with white stripes , as well as designer glasses with tinted lenses .
“ My main goal , ” he said , standing before Admiral Mullen , “ is to win the people — to conquer their hearts . ”
About thirty local elders then filed in to sit with Mullen and participate in a mini-shura .
“ Our focus is principally on you and your families … We greatly regret each loss of life .
This is your country , your province , your people … it is really for you to lead . ”
A shura delegate in a blue - grey robe stood and read out from notes scribbled on lined white paper .
He asked for security , a better medical clinic , female medical workers , roads , and agricultural support .
He mentioned that houses in town had been damaged in the recent fighting .
Mullen ’s turn came again .
He agreed that education , health , and agriculture were important priorities .
He said that international forces were seized by a sense of urgency , and yet that patience was also required .
He emphasized the importance of the Afghan government ’s performance .
“ I did n’t come here today with any magic formula , ” he said .
For all you Twitter fans , you can now follow Sam Fisher on Twitter as he looks to clear his name and find out the truth behind the death of his daughter Sarah .
While Tweeting does n’t seem like a smart thing to do if you ’re a super secret super agent on the run from the government for crimes of treason , it might be fun to see what he has to say and see who he follows .
Apparently he follows LA Ink and Douchey McDouchebag ( seriously ) .
For all of you non - twitter - ers , here are some screenshots .
Attorneys Leland Dempsey and Robert Kingsland have achieved results that have set both national and state records .
In 2007 , Leland Dempsey secured an award of $ 43,000,000 for an injured child who was rendered a quadriplegic after receiving a measles , mumps , and rubella vaccination .
This award is commonly recognized as the largest vaccination award in U.S. history .
Also in 2007 , Robert Kingsland obtained a $ 5,000,000 settlement in a case involving a death caused when the driver of an over - the - road truck collided with a disabled motor vehicle on a Kansas City highway .
We invite you to review the verdicts and settlements of the many cases that we have resolved over the years .
These cases reflect our commitment to excellence that has not gone unnoticed within the legal community .
The quality of our legal work has earned us national recognition .
Whether you have been injured in a car accident or suffered brain injuries as a result of a physician error , you will note that we have the experience , the resources , and the staffing to provide you with the comprehensive representation you need .
Our Kansas
City injury attorneys look forward to representing you in your case .
If you 're landing in Japan you now have almost 100 airports to chose from .
Lucky number 98 opened Thursday in Ibaraki , approximately 50 miles outside of Tokyo .
Well , maybe not so lucky .
According to MSNBC.com , " Ibaraki 's initial annual passenger estimate of 800,000 is now expected to be a quarter of that size .
Small wonder that Ibaraki 's expected to lose as much as 200 million yen ( $ 220,000 ) in its first year . "
$ 220,000 seems bad already but a lot worse since 200 million yen is currently valued at $ 2.2 million .
Though marching bands and airport mascots greeted the first flight to arrive , Japan 's new government has been vocally critical of the project .
They could n't pull the plug on the 22 billion - yen ( $ 240 million ) construction because it was too far along when Yukio Hatoyama 's government won the majority last September , but they certainly wo n't be forcing anybody to land there .
" We are not going to build any more airports , and we will not force airlines to use them , " Transport Minister Seiji Maehara said last week , according to msnbc.com , " and I do not plan to force Japanese airlines to fly to Ibaraki . "
The government 's unhappiness might have something to do with Ibaraki being over two hours away from central Tokyo by train , Tokyo already having two main airports , a public debt exceeding 200 % of GDP , oh , and did we mention the $ 2.2 million it 's expected to lose in the first year alone .
Then again , if you are on that single flight per day to Seoul , you might just get an airport marching band welcome all to yourself .
Jamaika im Saarland Grüne wegen Unternehmer - Spende unter Druck
Die Spende einer Firmengruppe hat den Grünen im Saarland den Vorwurf der Käuflichkeit eingebracht .
Just vor Bildung der Jamaika - Koalition erhielt die Partei Geld von Unternehmen eines FDP - Politikers .
Die Linke fordert nun Neuwahlen an der Saar .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mystery surrounds the whereabouts of Chinese human rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng who was taken away by police a year ago .
China 's Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi denied a suggestion that Mr Gao had been tortured , saying that his rights had been protected .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband , who is currently visiting the country , also raised the the lawyer 's case with the Chinese government .
Damian Grammaticas reports .
Removing an object on a photo with GIMP
Tutorial to remove objects ( or people ) and restore the portion of the background they hide in a photo with the Resynthesizer plugin .
With Photoshop , it is possible to delete objects in an image automatically , without any design work .
You have just to select the object and use the command " fill with the background " .
The same can be done with The Gimp in fact and for longer ( it is not impossible that the same algorithm has been reused ) .
This plugin " re-synthesizes " the background " and rebuilds it from same elements on the photo .
It can thus reconstruct the sky , lawn , or even more complex views , from a sample taken from the image .
First , see the Resynthesizer tutorial to know the purpose of controls .
We will put in practice the commands using the same pictures that the Photoshop demonstration video .
Using Resynthesizer in Script-Fu
1. Load an image
2. Select an area with the lasso
We want to remove the tree on the top left .
3. Click on Script - Fu -> Enhance ->
Smart remove selection
This windows is opened .
Select a radius and click on OK .
4. Here is the final image
Using the Map ->
Resynthesize filter
To choose the sample that reconstructs the background , this command is necessary .
1. Load an image
2. Select a sample
Use the Selection tool to delimit a part of the picture , we choose here a part on bottom right .
Then we made a cut and paste into a new image .
There is no need to save it .
3. Select an item to delete
To remove the road , it is delimited with the lasso .
4. Click on : Filter -> Map ->
Resynthesize
This window is opened :
For the Texture source , we use the sample taken from the image .
It is also used to Input map .
For Output map , we use the original photo .
5 . Here is the final image
Download the Resynthesizer plugin .
To install , simply unzip the file keeping the directory structure ( if you download resynthesizer - for - Windows - 0.13b.zip ) .
To install , simply unzip the file keeping the directory structure ( if you download resynthesizer - for - Windows - 0.13b.zip ) .
Source code on GitHub .
Color channels problem
In some cases , you can get the following error message :
The input and output maps must have the same number of color channels .
This is a message from the plugin and it is raised when the photo you want to edit has a different internal format of the image created by The Gimp for the sample .
To remove the message you must : Select the entire picture ( ctrl-a ) .
Copy ( ctrl- c ) .
Paste as a new picture ( shift - ctrl - v ) .
Then , work on the two images created by The Gimp , the copy of the photo and the sample .
Download
GM Crops Facing Meltdown in the USA
Major crops genetically modified for just two traits - herbicide tolerance and insect resistance – are ravaged by super weeds and secondary pests in the heartland of GMOs as farmers fight a losing battle with more of the same ; a fundamental shift to organic farming practices may be the only salvation Dr. Mae - Wan Ho
Excerpt from Water Carnival - the images of organisms discovered in Mae - Wan Ho 's laboratory within a quantum jazz soundscape .
Download the full video from the online store .
Two traits account for practically all the genetically modified ( GM ) crops grown in the world today : herbicide - tolerance ( HT ) due to glyphosate - insensitive form of the gene coding for the enzyme targeted by the herbicide , 5 - enolpyruvylshikimate - 3 - phosphate synthase ( EPSPS ) , derived from soil bacterium Agrobacterium tumefaciens , and insect - resistance due to one or more toxin genes derived from the soil bacterium Bt ( Bacillus thuringiensis ) .
Commercial planting began around 1997 in the United States , the heartland of GM crops , and increased rapidly over the years .
By now , GM crops have taken over 85 - 91 percent of the area planted with the three major crops , soybean , corn and cotton in the US [ 1 ] ] ( see Table 1 ) , which occupy nearly 171 million acres .
Table 1 . GM crops grown in 2009 in the USA
Percent of Total Area
Crop ALL GM HT Bt Stacked Soybean 91 91 0 0 Corn 85 68 63 46 Cotton 88 71 65 48
The ecological time - bomb that came with the GM crops has been ticking away , and is about to explode .
HT crops encouraged the use of herbicides , resulting in herbicide - resistant weeds that demand yet more herbicides .
But the increasing use of deadly herbicide and herbicide mixtures has failed to stall the advance of the palmer super weed in HT crops .
At the same time , secondary pests such as the tarnished plant bug , against which
Bt toxin is powerless , became the single most damaging insect for US cotton .
Monster plants that can't be killed
It is the Day of the Triffids - not the genetically modified plants themselves as alluded to in John Wyndham 's novel - but " super weeds that can't be killed " [ 2 ] , created by the planting of genetically modified HT crops , as seen on ABC TV news .
The scene is set at harvest time in Arkansas October 2009 .
Grim - faced farmers and scientists speak from fields infested with giant pigweed plants that can withstand as much glyphosate herbicide as you can afford to douse on them .
One farmer spent US $ 0.5 million in three months trying to clear the monster weeds in vain ; they stop combine harvesters and break hand tools .
Already , an estimated one million acres of soybean and cotton crops in Arkansas have become infested .
The palmer amaranth or palmer pigweed is the most dreaded weed .
It can grow 7 - 8 feet tall , withstand withering heat and prolonged droughts , produce thousands of seeds and has a root system that drains nutrients away from crops .
If left unchecked , it would take over a field in a year .
Meanwhile in North Carolina Perquimans County , farmer and extension worker Paul Smith has just found the offending weed in his field [ 3 ] , and he too , will have to hire a migrant crew to remove the weed by hand .
The resistant weed is expected to move into neighbouring counties .
It has already developed resistance to at least three other types of herbicides .
Herbicide - resistance in weeds is nothing new .
Ten weed species in North Carolina and 189 weed species nationally have developed resistance to some herbicide .
A new herbicide is unlikely to come out , said Alan York , retired professor of agriculture from North Carolina State University and national weed expert
Glyphosate - resistant weeds from widespread planting of HT crops
Glyphosate is the most widely used herbicide in the US and the world at large .
It was patented and sold by Monsanto since the 1970s under the trade name and proprietary formulation , Roundup .
Its popularity shot up with the introduction of HT crops .
Data from the US Department of Agriculture indicate that the use of glyphosate on major crops went up by more than 15 fold between 1994 and 2005 [ 4 ] .
The EPA estimated in 2000 - 2001 that 100 million pounds of glyphosate are used on lawns and farms every year [ 5 ] , and over the last 13 years , it has been applied to more than a billion acres [ 6 ] .
It did not take long for glyphosate - resistant weeds to appear , just as weeds resistant to every herbicide used in the past had appeared .
The Weed Science Society of America reported nine weed species in the United States with confirmed resistance to glyphosate [ 6 ] ; among them are strains of common ragweed ( Ambrosia artemisiifolia ) , common waterhemp ( Amaranthus rudis ) , giant ragweed ( Ambrosia trifida ) , hairy fleabane ( Conyza bonariensis ) , horseweed ( Conyza canadensis ) , Italian ryegrass ( Lolium multiflorum ) , johnsongrass ( Sorghum halepense ) , rigid ryegrass ( Lolium rigidum ) , and palmer pigweed ( Amaranthus palmeri ) .
Glyphosate - resistant palmer super weed
Glyphosate - resistant palmer pigweed first turned up in late 2004 in Macon County , Georgia , and has since spread to other parts of Georgia as well as to South Carolina , North Carolina , Arkansas , Tennessee , Kentucky and Missouri [ 7 ] .
An estimated 100 000 acres in Georgia are severely infested with pigweed and 29 counties have now confirmed pigweed resistance to glyhosate , according to weed specialist Stanley Culpepper at the University of Georgia .
In 2007 , 10 000 acres of glyphosate - resistant pigweed infested land were abandoned in Macon County .
Monsanto's technical development manager Rick Cole was reported saying that the problems were " manageable " .
He advised farmers to alternate crops and use different makes of herbicides .
Monsanto sales representatives are encouraging farmers to mix glyphosate and older herbicides such as 2,4 - D , banned in Sweden , Denmark and Norway on account of links to cancer and reproductive and neurological damages .
It is a component of Agent Orange used in Vietnam in the 1960s .
Farmers in Georgia are reported to be going back to conventional non-GM crops .
Weed scientists at the University of Georgia estimate that an average of just two palmer amaranth plants in every 6 m length of cotton row can reduce yield by at least 23 percent [ 8 ] .
A single weed plant can produce 450 000 seeds .
Many fields in Arkansas , Tennessee , New Mexico , Mississippi and most recently , Alabama are also infested .
Paraquat is recommended for use in conservation tillage programmes , mixed with up to three other herbicides , each with a different mode of action .
Scientists at the University of Tennessee have seen palmer weeds resistant not only to glyphosate but also to the sulfonylurea herbicide trifloxysulfuron - sodium
Glyphosate resistance with the greatest of ease
Critics have been predicting glyphosate - resistant weeds before HT crops were introduced , simply through cross-pollination between HT crops and wild weedy relatives .
But they had neglected the ‘ fluid genome ' mechanisms that can alter genomes and genes in response to environmental stimuli , enabling most weed plants to become herbicide resistant independently of cross-pollination .
I drew attention to these mechanisms in my book Genetic Engineering Dream or Nightmare , the Brave New World of Bad Science and Big Business [ 9 ] first published in 1997 / 1998 .
Researchers led by Todd Gaines at Colorado State University , Fort Collins in the United States investigated glyphosate - resistant palmer pigweed populations from Georgia .
They found that the gene coding for the enzyme EPSPS responsible for metabolising glyphosate herbicide was amplified ( multiplied ) 5 to 160 - fold in glyphosate - resistant plants compared with glyphosate - susceptible plants [ 10 ] .
The level of gene expression was positively correlated with gene copy number .
Fluorescent staining for the gene showed that the amplified gene copies were present on every chromosome .
Gene amplification is one of the most common physiological responses of cells and organisms to ‘ selective ' agents in their environment , known at least since 1980s [ 9 ] .
Glyphosate resistance has been confirmed in 16 weed species as of 2009 [ 10 ] .
The mechanisms identified so far include reduced glyphosate uptake , and / or mutations in the EPSPS gene that make it less susceptible to inhibition by the herbicide .
Glyphosate - resistant palmer pigweed is the first case of resistance based on gene amplification .
It confirms the ease with which resistance to obnoxious agents can evolve [ 9 ] , and the futility of this ‘ chemical warfare ' against nature .
Tarnished plant bug the single most damaging pest for cotton
The tarnished plant bug infested 4.8 million acres of US cotton in 2008 [ 11 ] making it the single most damaging pest for cotton .
Another insect , the fleahopper ranked 5th , and infested 2.3 million acres .
The Cotton Belt of the United States , extending from the San Joaquin Valley of California to Southeastern Virginia , has largely seen off the boll weevil and tobacco budworm since the introduction of Bt cotton , which now accounts for 65 percent of the area planted with cotton ( Table 1 [ 1 ] ) .
But , as in India and elsewhere [ 12 , 13 ] ( Farmer Suicides and Bt Cotton Nightmare Unfolding in India , Mealy Bug Plagues Bt Cotton in India and Pakistan , SiS 45 ) , secondary pests are posing serious problems , especially the tarnished plant bug .
The tarnished plant bug ( TPB ) , Lygus lineolaris , has been a cotton pest for as long as records were kept .
Before 1995 , it was controlled with insecticides targeting other insect pests such as tobacco budworm and boll weevil .
According to researchers at the Mississippi State University Delta Research and Extension Center [ 14 ] , since the widespread adoption of Bt-cotton and eradication of the boll weevil , less insecticide have been used ; and as a result , the tarnished plant bug has become the primary insect pest of cotton .
Additional insect control costs are coming from increasing foliar sprays , higher technology fees and pest resistance , said Jeff Gore , research entomologist at the Delta Research and Extension Center , speaking at the 2010 Beltwide Cotton Conferences in New Orleans [ 15 ]
In 1995 planting an acre of cotton cost $ 12.75 to $ 24 ; in 2005 , planting Bollgard , Roundup Ready cotton with a ‘ Cadillac ' seed treatment would have cost about $ 52 an acre .
Now in 2010 , with Bollgard II and Roundup Ready Flex , farmers will be spending $ 85 or more an acre .
" In Mississippi , we have growers who are spending well over $ 100 for foliar insect control .
You add that onto technology fees and seed treatments , you understand why our cotton acreage is decreasing . "
Gore said .
To compound the problem , TPB has become resistant to several classes of insecticides , particularly in the Delta regions of the Mid-South states [ 14 ] .
While TPB is a pest of cotton throughout the growing season , it is particularly damaging during the flowering period , when the pest reproduces copiously , so both adult and immature stages of TPB feed on cotton during the flowering period .
Most feeding occurs on reproductive structures .
The pests insert their mouthparts into squares and small bolls .
It is not uncommon for TPB to cause near - total crop loss in the absence of effective control in some areas of the Delta .
Mid-South growers consulted Gore about planting a non-Bt variety , especially with the higher costs of Bt technology [ 15 ] .
" We have a few growers planting small acreages of non-Bt cotton , and they 're probably going to see benefits from that .
" But if we start shifting back to non-Bt cotton , I promise you , the tobacco budworm will come back , and we do n't want to be making foliar applications for resistant tobacco budworms , in addition to treating tarnished plant bugs .
The amount of money we would have to spend in that situation would be astronomical . "
TPB has been the No. 1 pest in the Mid-South for the past four to five years , and is driving a lot of cotton growers out of the Mississippi Delta , no longer able to afford the cost of sprays .
Gore revealed that spider mites are also gaining a reputation as ‘ budget busters ' in the South , along with aphids and stink bugs .
Like TPB , spider mites are becoming resistant to the insecticides used to control them .
" Over the past 15 years , we 've essentially doubled our application rates with Bidrin and tripled our application rates with acephate .
So we 're not only spraying more often , we 're applying higher rates that cost more . "
Gore said .
He pointed out that a side - effect of relying on neoniccotinoids for plant bug control is some resistance has developed in cotton aphids .
" We 're starting to hear lots of complaints from consultants across the Mid-South . "
More of the same is futile
It is disappointing though predictable that the only official academic advice given to farmers is more of the same conventional practices that created the problems in the first place , spraying more and spraying mixtures of different kinds of pesticides , including those banned for being too toxic .
Industry , meanwhile , is ready to sell varieties with more stacked GM traits ; up to eight at double the seed price [ 16 ] .
Disappointing too is the persistent effort by some governments and government scientists to promote the failed GM technology , which as I made clear , was already obsolete since the early 1980s [ 9 ] .
A Sciencexpress paper ( indicating quick publication , probably without peer review ) entitled " Food security : the challenge of feeding 9 billion people " [ 17 ] co-authored by UK chief scientist Prof.
John Beddington among others , while somewhat dismissive of current GM crops , nevertheless holds out promises we 've heard for more than 30 years .
" The next decade will see the development of combinations of desirable traits and the introduction of new traits such as drought tolerance .
By mid-century much more radical options involving highly polygenic traits may be feasible . "
It went on to promise " cloned animals with engineered innate immunity to diseases " and more .
Glyphosate and Roundup , still advertised as ‘ less toxic to us than table salt ' in a pamphlet from the Biotechnology Institute promoting HT crops as ‘ Weed Warrior ' [ 18 ] , is in fact highly toxic as new findings indicate [ 19 , 20 ] ( Death By Multiple Poisoning , Glyphosate and Roundup , SiS 42 ; Ban Glyphosate Herbicides Now , SiS 43 ) .
Thirteen years of GM crops in the USA has increased overall pesticide use by 318 million pounds [ 21 ] ( GM Crops Increase Herbicide Use in the United States , SiS 45 ) .
The extra disease burden on the nation from that alone is considerable .
India has learned bitter Lessons from Bt Cotton [ 22 ] in a saga of worsening farm suicides and , in common with the USA , an ecological disaster in secondary and new cotton pests , resistant pests , new diseases , and above all , soils so depleted in nutrients and beneficial microorganisms that they would cease to support the growth of any crop in a decade .
Their only salvation is a return to organic agriculture , which has already proven far more sustainable and profitable than Bt cotton [ 12 ] .
This may apply also to the USA .
A fundamental shift in farming practices needed now
The organic market has been booming in the United States despite the economic downturn .
According to a new report from the US Department of Agriculture , retail sales of organic food went up to $ 21.1 billion in 2008 from $ 3.6 billion in 1997 [ 23 ] ( see Fig. 1 ) .
The market is so active that organic farms have struggled at times to produce sufficient supply to keep up with the rapid growth in consumer demand , leading to periodic shortages of organic products .
Figure 1 Growth in US organic market 1997 to 2008
Certified organic acres more than doubled from 1.3 million acres in 1997 to a little over 4 million acres in 2005 ( 0.5 percent of all agricultural land in the US ) .
In the same period , the number of organic farms increased from 5 021 to 8 493 , and the average size of certified organic farms went from 268 acres to 477 acres .
So why are US farmers failing to taking advantage of the rapidly expanding market ?
It is thought [ 23 ] that potential organic farmers may opt to continue with conventional production methods because of " social pressures from other farmers nearby who have negative views of organic farming " , or because of an inability to weather the effects of reduced yields and profits during the transition period .
This is not surprising on account of the persistent negative propaganda carried out by GM proponents , including government regulatory agencies , against organic agriculture .
( See for example the recent attempt by UK Food Standards Agency to prove organic food is no more nutritious than conventional food , which backfired [ 24 ] ( UK Food Standards Agency Study Proves Organic Food Is Better , SiS 44 ) .
The usual claims are that organic agriculture yields less and require more energy than conventional agriculture , and organic produce no more nutritious or healthy , but less hygienic than conventional produce .
These false claims are all thoroughly refuted in I - SIS report Food Futures Now : * Organic * Sustainable * Fossil Fuel Free [ 25 ] , with evidence from the published scientific literature , as well as other studies .
Most relevant for US farmers is a study by Kathleen Delate of Iowa State University and Cynthia A. Cambardella of the US Department of Agriculture assessing the performance of farms during the three - year transition it takes to switch from conventional to certified organic production [ 26 ] .
The experiment lasting four years ( three years transition and first year organic ) showed that although yields dropped initially , they equalized in the third year , and by the fourth year , the organic yields were ahead of the conventional for both soybean and corn .
Our report [ 25 ] also documents the enormous potential for reducing greenhouse emissions – even to the extent of freeing us entirely from fossil fuels – through organic agriculture and localised food ( and renewable energy ) systems .
It is a unique combination of the latest scientific analyses , case studies of farmer - led research , and especially farmers ' own experiences and innovations that often confound academic scientists wedded to outmoded and obsolete theories , of which GM technology is one glaring example .
At about the same time our report was released , the International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development ( IAASTD ) was also published .
IAASTD was the result of three - year deliberation by 400 participating scientists and non-government representatives from 110 countries around the world [ 27 ] .
It came to the conclusion that small scale organic agriculture is the way ahead for coping with hunger , social inequities and environmental disasters [ 28 ] ( " GM - Free Organic Agriculture to Feed the World [ " , SiS 38 ) .
A fundamental shift in farming practice is needed right now , before the agricultural meltdown is complete .
Article first published 01/02/10
References
Adoption ofngenetically engineered crops in the U.S. : Extent of adoption .
USDA Economic Research Service , 1 July 2009 , http://www.ers.usda.gov/Data/biotechcrops/adoption.htm
Super weed can't be killed , abc news , 6 October 2009 , http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=8767877
" N.C. farmers battle herbicide - resistant weeds " .
Jeff Hampton , The Virginian - Pilot . 19 July 2009 , http://hamptonroads.com/2009/07/nc-farmers-battle-herbicideresistant-weeds
Who benefits from gm crops ?
The rise in pesticide use , executive summary , Friends of the Earth International , Amsterdam , January 2008 .
2000 - 2001 pesticide market estimates : usage , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , http://www.epa.gov/oppbead1/pestsales/01pestsales/usage2001_3.htm
Glyphosate - resistant weeds : can we close the barn door ?
Weed Science Society of America , 18 November 2009 , http://www.wssa.net/WSSA/PressRoom/WSSA_GlyphosateResistance.pdf
" ' Superweed ' explosion threatns Monsanto heartlands " , Clea Caulcutt , 19 April 2009 , http://www.france24.com/en/20090418-superweed-explosion-threatens-monsanto-heartlands-genetically-modified-US-crops
" Paraquat fights glypohsate resistant palmer amaranth " , 30 September 2009 , http://paraquat.com/english/news-and-features/archives/paraquat-fights-glyphosate-resistant-palmer-amaranth
Ho MW. Genetic Engineering Dream of Nightmare ?
The Brave New World of Bad Science and Big Business , Third World Network , Gateway Books , MacMillan , Continuum , Penang , Malaysia , Bath , UK , Dublin , Ireland , New York , USA , 1998 , 1999 , 2007 ( reprint with extended Introduction ) .
https://www.i-sis.org.uk/genet.php
Gaines TA , Zhang W , Wan D et al .
Gene amplification confers glyphosate resistance in Amaranthus palmeri .
PNAS Early Edition 2009 , www.pnas.org/cgi/doi/10.1073/pnas.0906649107
ARS survey helps growers track two key cotton pests .
PHYSORG.com , 1 December 2009 , http://www.physorg.com/news178912351.html
Ho MW .
Farmer suicides and Bt cotton nightmare unfolding in India .
Science in Society 45 Ho MW .
Mealy bug plagues
Bt cotton in India and Pakistan .
Science in Society 45 Catchot A , Musser F , Gore J , Cook D , Daves D , Lorenz G , Akin S , Studebaker G , Tindall K , Stewart S , Bagwell R , Leonard BR and Jackson R. Midsouth Multtistate Evaluation of Treatment Thresholds for Tarnished Plant Bug. 2009 , Mississippi State University Extension Service , http://msucares.com/pubs/publications/images/p2561_pics/bug_1.jpg
" Insect control pushes cotton costs higher " , Elton Robinson , Farm Press , 15 January 2010 , http://deltafarmpress.com/cotton/cotton-insect-control-0115/
Benbrook C. Critical issue report : the seed price premium .
The Organic Center . 2009 December .
http://www.organic-center.org/reportfiles/Seeds_Final_11-30-09.pdf
Godfray HCJ , Beddington JR , Crute IR , Haddad L , Lawrence D , Muir JF , Pretty J , Robinson S , Thomas SM and Toulmin C. Food security : the challenge of feeding 9 billion people .
Sciencexpress , 28 January 2010/10.1126/science.1185383 Weed Warrior Hebicide - Tolerant Crops , accessed 29 January 2010 , http://www.biotechinstitute.org/resources/YWarticles/10.1/10.1.3.pdf
Ho MW and Cherry B. Death by multiple poisoning , glyphosate and Roundup .
Science in Society 42 , 14 , 2009 Ho MW .
Ban glyphosate herbicides now .
Science in Society 43 , 34 , 2009 Cherry B. GM crops increase herbicide use in the United States .
Science in Society 45 Ho MW .
Lessons from
Bt cotton .
I - SIS letter to Hilary Benn , UK Secretary of State for the Environment , 4 January 2010 , https://www.i-sis.org.uk/lessonsFromBtCotton.php
Marketing U.S. organic foods : recent trends from farms to consumers .
Carolyn Dimitri and Lydia Oberholtzer , USDA Economic Research Service , September 2009 , http://www.ers.usda.gov/Publications/EIB58/
Ho MW.UK Food Standards
Agency study proves organic food is better .
Science in Society 44 , 32 - 33 , 2009 .
Ho MW , Burcher S , Lim LC , et al .
Food Futures Now , Organic , Sustainable , Fossil Fuel Free , ISIS and TWN , London , 2008 .
https://www.i-sis.org.uk/foodFutures.php
Delate K and Cambardella CA .
Organic production : Agroecosystem performance during transition to certified organic grain production .
Agronomy Journal 2004 , 96 , 1288 - 98 .
International Assessment of Agricultural Knowledge , Science and Technology for Development , IAASTD , 2008 http://www.agassessment.org/index.cfm?Page=Press_Materials&ItemID=11
Ho MW . " GM - free organic agriculture to feed the world " .
Science in Society 38 , 14 - 15 , 2008 .
Got something to say about this page ?
Comment on this article Comments may be published .
All comments are moderated .
Name and email details are required .
Anti spam question :
Identity minister Meg Hillier says that the Identity and Passport Service has " custom built " its own database for the identity card scheme .
Following reports that the IPS had scrapped plans to store biographical information on the Department for Work and Pensions ' database , Hillier said that the controversial scheme has three databases .
" There is the one that holds the fingerprints and facial image , the biometric data , and then the other information which is broadly what is on your passport already and the third bit is the one that links the two , " she said .
Speaking at a meeting on identity cards at the Social Market Foundation in London on 15 March 2010 , she said that her department needed to explore the remote use of the card .
An example of an ID card reader , visually like a larger version of a card reader used by retailers , was available at the conference .
Hillier said that the government " needed to do more work on this " and was keen to hear the views of industry about how this will work , particularly about security .
She said that what was important about the identity card was the chip and suggested that in the future it may be possible to install the chip in another device , such as a mobile phone .
Referring to many of her constituents who are without any form of identity document , Hillier emphasised the importance of the ID card to people who are " socially disadvantaged " .
Responding to a question from an LB Harrow councillor about the government " moving the goal posts " in relation to the purposes of the card , Hillier said that the " 9/11 had put the cast on the ID card " about terrorism , but that the card has always been a multi- faceted project .
This article was originally published at Kable .
Kable 's GC weekly is a free email newsletter covering the latest news and analysis of public sector technology .
To register click here .
Weekly Updates , Interviews , Latest News & Tips
This membership includes videos , MP3s , transcripts , webinars , tools , and downloads of practical worksheets and templates that you apply directly to your business and your clients business .
Combine all this with the other Local Marketing Source Member benefits such as our private member mastermind Facebook Group as weekly live Q&A calls and you will have all the support needed to create a profitable and sustainable business .
Our member calls are conducted weekly in a live environment where you can ask questions and get immediate answers .
We also record these calls and are available 24 hours a day in your member portal .
The member calls can be downloaded and played on your phone while driving , or on your iPad in the background as your work .
A Yamaha 2x2 Hybrid Vehicle
using Hydraulic Drive
Yamaha entered a 2x2 motorcycle in the 2004 Paris Dakar off road race , utilizing a hydraulic drive to the front wheel .
This is not a classical Hybrid vehicle application ( i.e. neither parallel nor serial ) as the rear wheel is traditionally chain driven .
Yamaha has however shown the world that they are capable to produce durable and lightweight hydraulic drives .
Expect to see a lot more on this front in the coming years .
The 2x2 Yamaha with hydraulic front wheel drive .
How the 2 - Trac works
Here is a desctiption from Yamaha on how the 2 - trac hydraulic drive system works :
Yamaha patented system uses a hydraulic pump located on top of the gearbox and driven by a chain in oil bath ( see red circle ) which actuates hydraulic fluid via high pressure hoses to the front wheel .
The special hub in the front wheel is a " hydraulic motor " ( see blue circle ) , which is set in motion through the pressure of the hydraulics .
This construction allows a " smart operation " : the pressure and consequently the pulling power on the front wheel varies the more the rear wheel slips .
The system can regulate itself and applies always the best ratio of power between front and rear .
You can also adjust the system , depending on usage of the machine and apply more basic thrust in front or less .
Submit an article on Hydraulic Drives
Contact Hybrid-Vehicle.org
You are welcome to submit an article on lightweight hydraulic drives .
Late in the evening with 83 % of precincts reporting the Texas Tribune quoted McLeroy as saying that “ I think I lost ” and that “ " These things do n't swing 2,000 votes . ”
Although , according the Texas Tribune there was a push in the final week of the campaign by conservatives to keep McLeroy on the State Board of Education .
While Ratliff lead in fundraising throughout the campaign in the last week McLeroy raised $ 13,502 compared to Ratliff 's $ 12,656 , including last - minute $ 5,000 donation from Houston businessman Bob Perry .
However , it was not enough to push McLeroy to victory as Ratliff defeated the incumbent only 1 % of the vote and by just over 1,000 votes .
Political and Social Thought ...
to the Left of College Station
If you ask Dion Phaneuf a question , he will invariably pause .
This is your internal monologue during that pause .
“ One Mississippi .
Two Mississippi .
Three Mississippi .
Did he hear me ?
Is he going to kill me ?
” Turns out , Phaneuf is n’t planning on killing anyone .
He is just thinking about his answer and he is taking his time .
It ’s your question but it ’s his answer so he is going to give you the one he wants .
If it takes a second or two longer to do that , well then that ’s too bad .
The air is thick with Dion Phaneuf stories , often conveyed by coach Ron Wilson whose feeling for what the public can know from the Leafs dressing makes him a far better source than the rank and file .
There was the story , shared by Wilson , about Phaneuf walking into the dressing room during his first Leafs practice and cranking the stereo .
The message in the gesture was plain enough : “ if you ’re not comfortable , then that ’s too bad .
” Wilson cites Phaneuf for the internal leadership needed to badger and encourage the team to play with energy from the outset .
The Leafs have scored the first goal in eight of the 16 games Phaneuf has played .
That ’s 50 per cent for you scoring along at home .
They managed the opening goal just 19 times in the 56 games ( 29 per cent ) before his arrival .
The Leafs penalty kill during Phaneuf ’s tenure has operated at a dramatically improved 84 per cent mark .
From calling for every pass when it ’s his turn in a drill , a favourite indicator of enthusiasm and professionalism for Leafs GM Brian Burke , to the way he comports himself in every avenue and the reverence he shows toward the sweater , Phaneuf has positioned himself at the centre of the dressing room and filled a chasm brought on by the departure of the great Mats Sundin .
Phaneuf ’s personal stats are a little harder to get a read on .
After scoring 10 times in Calgary he has yet to break through in 16 games here .
Likewise his goalscoring has trended steadily downhill since he scored 20 in his rookie year .
He has 27 points this season , two more than fellow defenceman Francois Beauchemin who is not considered one of the gifted offensive defencemen of his era .
“ He ( Phaneuf ) has n’t produced number wise but with his shot and his speed we expect that will come around , ” said Burke .
Phaneuf logs prodigious ice time .
He has bettered 25 minutes a dozen times and he has one 30 - minute game under his belt .
One stat trumps all the others .
The Leafs , doormats for most of the season , have gone 9 - 6 - 1 with Phaneuf and Jean - Sebastien Giguere in harness .
Clearly , these two have filled a need that goes further than the more appealing goals against column .
Phaneuf is the player who best embodies Burke ’s view that you need a bit of Rock ‘ Em and a bit of Sock ‘ Em .
The thing is , you ca n’t fight every fight or level every player cradling a pass in open ice .
The wise player supplements energy with menace .
You do n’t have to do as much as long as everyone knows you can .
That ’s the way it is in the playground .
That ’s the way it was in Dodge City .
That ’s the way it is in the NHL .
That menace , the one that somehow seeps through when Dion Phaneuf casually answers questions , is what will someday make him the 17th Leaf to wear the " C " .
You need about two minutes with the guy to feel it .
To me , that ’s why Dion Phaneuf ’s hand will soon extend far beyond the locker room stereo .
At one of the many crowded but colorful side events of this year ’s session of the Commission on the Status of Women ( CSW ) , a representative of Liberia ’s Gender Ministry chose to display a picture worth the proverbial thousand words .
The picture showed a member of the Liberian National Police paying for a ride with a motorcycle cabbie to go in search of a suspect .
This simple image seemed to depict a widening chasm between words and reality .
Though always part of policymaking , this has become a particularly acute feature of efforts to address violence against women during and in the wake of war .
At CSW in New York , several events on the subject painted an almost picture - perfect world for women – not because violence has diminished , but because laudable yet formalistic plans , committees and laws have been put in place .
Take Liberia , for example .
Liberia has several women in positions of leadership , including the first African woman head of state , as well as the Minister of Justice , Foreign Affairs , Commerce , Agriculture , Youth and Sports , and Gender , many of them committed advocates for women ’s rights .
It has a national action plan on gender - based violence , and another on Security Council Resolutions 1325 and 1820 , on women , peace and security .
It has a national task force on gender - based violence ; a joint programme between the government and the United Nations on sexual and gender - based violence ; a criminal court that works exclusively on crimes of sexual violence ; new laws on rape and domestic relations ; a thoroughly vetted security sector ; and ubiquitous public information campaigns .
Its truth and reconciliation commission heard more testimonies from women than from men .
Within the UN mission ( UNMIL ) , there is an office for the gender advisor and a conduct and discipline unit that deals with sexual exploitation and abuse .
There is also a high - profile all - female peacekeeping contingent - UNMIL ’s Indian Formed Police Unit .
And yet , rape is the crime most frequently reported to the Liberian National Police and domestic violence is widely - considered the most prevalent crime , albeit unreported .
Impunity is rampant .
Zero tolerance may be the message from Monrovia , but there are still zero consequences for perpetrators in the counties .
The special criminal court devoted to sexual violence saw only three cases in 2009 .
And , in a country where sexual violence affected a high percentage of women and girls during the war , less than five percent of abuses reported to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission were sexual crimes against women .
This raises a stark question : is the measure of progress more mechanisms or less violence ?
A similar case is Sierra Leone .
They also have a national action plan on 1325 and 1820 , a national commission on gender - based violence , accompanied by a task force , and a national strategy on gender .
Six periodic reports have been duly submitted to the committee on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women .
In 2007 , it reformed its laws against domestic violence and family relations , and it has established 26 Family Support Units in police stations throughout the country to address violence against women and children .
The Chief Justice of the Supreme Court is a woman .
However , out of 927 sexual abuse cases reported in Sierra Leone in 2009 , there were no convictions ; out of 1,543 reported cases of domestic violence , not a single conviction ensued .
According to a UN official in Sierra Leone , “ by the end of her life span , nearly all Sierra Leonean women will suffer from some form of sexual or gender - based violence . ”
Again , so many boxes checked , so little traction gained .
The Democratic Republic of Congo has ratified virtually every relevant treaty : against genocide , torture , discrimination against women , the Rome Statute , the Geneva Conventions , their additional protocols .
In 2006 , the government passed new laws modifying the penal and procedural codes to facilitate the prosecution of sexual violence crimes , and it has created specialized units for that purpose within the national police .
The Congo hosts a high number of national and international specialists working on gender - based violence , and has the first - ever Comprehensive Strategy on Combating Sexual Violence for a more cohesive response .
Donors have begun to earmark greater amounts of money for programmes related to sexual violence – the US State Department and USAID , for example , claim to have committed or spent more than $ 100 million dollars to fight sexual violence in Eastern DRC .
And yet , prosecutions are rare , sentences even more so and hardly ever enforced , and none of that money is reportedly being used to provide reparations for victims .
The story of the Songo Mboyo trial is fairly typical .
78 members of the military were accused of having raped at least 119 women and girls in the village of Songo Mboyo in 2003 .
Only twelve of them appeared before military justice , and six were convicted .
After a month or two , they had all escaped custody .
Though the State was condemned in solidum with the perpetrators , the reparations awarded to the victims remain unpaid .
There is a lot of energy invested in encouraging women to speak up , fight back , and report the crimes committed against them .
Great effort goes into changing criminal codes , designing compelling plans of action , and establishing specialized police units , gender desks , gender ministries , and a plethora of task forces to address the issue .
But perhaps greater attention should be paid to more prosaic , post - legislation activity and such mundane details as the filing system of police stations , the availability of fuel and transport , the existence of paper stocks and photocopiers so that victims are not asked to pay for forms that should be free , functioning prisons , and the many other practical matters that both citizens and police in post - conflict countries cite as everyday impediments .
Such minutiae may not be the stuff of stirring CSW speeches .
But hearing it reminds us that laws , plans and policies are not ends in themselves .
It reminds us that beyond the comfort of the conference room are millions of women and girls whose lives are still accorded lesser value .
Women whose concerns are abandoned as trivial in the face of what powerbrokers see as the greater realities of security , peace and war .
To move from zero consequences to zero tolerance , the economic , social and political cost of committing or condoning violence against women must be high enough to render it irrational .
Laws , policies and resolutions may be passed in poetry , but they are implemented in prose .
It would be refreshing to hear a speaker mention , for example , that the Women and Child Protection Unit of the Congolese National Police in Goma does not have a computer to store data , or that neither Liberia nor the Congo have a forensic pathology clinic to handle soft tissue evidence for use in rape trials .
Women who work on these issues sum it up quite simply : men commit violence against women because they can get away with it , and women remain silent because the justice system has proven ineffectual .
Granted , corruption and lack of infrastructure affect all crimes , and lack of access to justice affects the rural poor in all countries .
But justice reform efforts are overly - focused on delineating standards and creating structures , rather than finding specific and realistic ways to obtain suitable means of transport , office equipment , updated tools of investigation and prosecution , mobile police stations and accessible courts .
Gender ministries can only do so much with large portfolios and insignificant budget lines
This problem is exacerbated by the fact that sexual and gender - based violence is the only crime that stigmatizes the victim more than the perpetrator .
And it is especially critical in post - conflict countries where sexual violence has been employed as a deliberate tactic to terrorize civilians , for it drastically hampers the ability of women to engage in economic activity or participate in politics , and undermines the country ’s prospects of recovery .
Advocacy campaigns cannot expect women to break the culture of silence when they see that hundreds and thousands of reported cases yield zero convictions , leaving the perpetrators free to engage in reprisals .
We cannot expect women in countries where most live off subsistence farming to travel vast distances and take time off the family plot for a day in court that may deliver law , but rarely justice .
Without security , validation and compensation , justice is illusory .
This year marked the 54th session of the Commission on the Status of Women .
There are significant strides to celebrate .
Yet normative and policy progress is tempered by the sobering reality that more girls were killed in the last 50 years because they were girls than men were killed in all the wars of the 20th century .
To change that , we are going to need a great deal more than awareness , laws , and action plans .
Commissions and speeches can make themselves useful by bringing snapshots of reality into the realm of high - politics .
They should be focused on committing to specific benchmarks and practical solutions , recognizing and incentivizing success stories , and giving women themselves a platform to speak .
This can help bridge the chasm between capitals and conferences , and the women who are ostensibly their subject and beneficiaries .
“ We ’ve seen a tremendous influx of pretty severe cases due to either drought or too much rain , ” said Dan Jaggers , vice president of technical services at Olshan Foundation Repair , which has offices in the South , Midwest and Great Plains .
“ People call panicked because they ’ve got gaping cracks in their walls , tile breaking , grout popping and they do n’t know what to do . ”
Other telltale signs of foundation failure include doors and windows that will not close , chimneys or porches separating from the house and bowing basement walls .
After a particularly dry summer followed by deluges in the fall , Psonya Wilson , a lawyer in Brandon , Miss. , noticed light streaming in where the wall had separated from the baseboard in the bedroom of her 5 - year - old son .
“ I could stick my finger through it , ” she said .
“ I could n’t believe it .
The whole back part of the house had sunk about six inches . ”
To stop further collapse , not to mention to control the draft , she is having several stabilization piers installed to shore up the foundation of her two - story garden style house ; it will cost more than $ 5,000 .
Data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association indicates that since the 1990s there has been an accelerating trend nationwide toward more extended dry periods followed by downpours .
Whether due to random climate patterns or global warming , the swings between hot and dry weather and severe rain or snow have profoundly affected soil underneath buildings .
Clay soils , like those beneath the houses of Mr. Derse and Ms. Wilson , shrink during droughts and swell during floods , causing structures to bob .
And because sandier soil loses its adhesive properties in dry conditions , it pulls away from foundations .
Heavy rains cause it to shift or just collapse beneath structures .
With both kinds of soil , such sinking , called subsidence , usually happens gradually , said Randall Orndorff , a geologist with the United States Geologic Survey .
But , he said , “ swinging from very wet to extremely dry weather like we ’ve been seeing lately in many parts of the country may be accelerating the effect . ”
Experts estimate the cost to homeowners to stabilize or shore up foundations is around $ 4 billion annually , up from $ 3 billion 10 years ago , although more houses have also been built in that time period .
Subsidence is not covered by most homeowners ’ insurance policies in the United States , unlike in Britain , where the increasing number of homeowners ’ claims due to foundation failure prompted the Charter Insurance Institute , an industry trade group , to issue a dire warning about the financial drain in its 2009 report , “ Coping with Climate Change : Risks and Opportunities for Insurers . ”
Crag Notes : Mowing Word
In this month 's Crag Notes , Jim Perrin takes us to Mowing Word - a crag that he developed back in the late 1960s .
Nowadays its walls are adorned with classics , but back then it was something of a blank slate . " I had this marvellous cliff to try lines upon " , says ...
So , finally , an adult in authority in South Hadley stepped up for Phoebe Prince .
Her name is Betsy Scheibel .
She is the district attorney in that part of Western Massachusetts , and she also happens to live in South Hadley .
She grew up there , went to college at Mount Holyoke , just off the town green , and has restored some faith in the idea that somebody in a position of power there gets it .
In the days and weeks after Jan. 14 , when 15 - year - old Phoebe Prince hanged herself in a closet in her family ’s apartment on Newton Street , the students who bullied her her death continued to walk the halls of South Hadley High as if nothing had happened .
And the people who ran the schools seemed fine with that .
When this was pointed out , there were some people in South Hadley who got awfully defensive .
“ Blaming the victim ’’ is a polite way to describe what they were saying about Phoebe .
Character assassination is another .
Ostensibly , yesterday was the day that Betsy Scheibel announced charges against nine teens who , to varying degrees , made Phoebe Prince feel like life was n’t worth living .
But what Scheibel had to say was as much an indictment of a look - the - other - way , kids - will - be- kids culture that permeated South Hadley High .
Whatever we expect students to do in these situations , there were adults at the high school who did n’t intervene when they could have , adults who did n’t protect Phoebe after Anne Prince told them her daughter was being tormented .
That inaction , Scheibel said , did n’t rise to criminal behavior .
But it did n’t save Phoebe , either .
If the scope of charges announced yesterday was a surprise , the names were n’t .
There was Sean Mulveyhill , the football star with whom Phoebe had a brief fling who then turned on her , enabling a host of Mean Girls to torment her .
There were the meanest of them — Kayla Narey , 17 , and Ashley Longe , 16 , who did n’t appreciate it when an underclassman blow - in from Ireland like Phoebe hooked up with Sean .
Then there was another clique , the other Mean Girls , Flannery Mullins , 16 , and Sharon Chanon Velazquez , 16 , and their friend , Austin Renaud , 18 .
Austin had a fling with Phoebe , too , and Mullins and Velazquez used that knowledge as a stick to beat Phoebe .
The Mean Girls called Phoebe an Irish slut .
They followed her .
She had no quarter .
They made it torture for her to come to school every day because the insults and the intimidation were , as Scheibel put it , relentless .
The civil rights charge facing most of the teens is legalese for saying they tried to deny Phoebe the right to go to school .
When I called the office of Gus Sayer , the superintendent of schools in South Hadley , to ask what he thought of all this , I was told he was out of town , which might be the understatement of the year .
High school principal Dan Smith did n’t want to talk .
Given what the victim ’s suicide has done to South Hadley , there was some poetic justice in the pursuit of justice for Phoebe , which was spearheaded by South Hadley people like Scheibel , State Trooper Geri Bresnahan , and South Hadley police detective Mark Dominick .
Bresnahan and Dominick , who along with Trooper Jamie Magarian did the bulk of the investigation , grew up on the same streets that Phoebe spent her last five months walking .
Betsy Scheibel , meanwhile , has been DA long enough to know she will be second - guessed .
“ There will be people who believe that no charges should have been brought in this case , ’’ she said , “ and others who will believe these charges do not go far enough . ’’
But she went where the law and her heart and her head told her to go .
And when she steps down as DA at the end of this year , Betsy Scheibel is not going anywhere but home .
Kevin Cullen is a Globe columnist .
He can be reached at cullen@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Previous Post :
« Watch : Tom Goss and Matt Alber Sing Against ‘ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ’
“ … from less than 5 % to 75 % planned maintenance in under a year using NEXGEN Asset Management Software . ”
“ We started using NEXGEN ’s Asset Management software in 2008 .
The reason we went to NEXGEN was because they had the asset management module , which was something none of the other companies had .
At the time we were 95 % + unplanned maintenance .
Within a year , with the help of NEXGEN ’s tech support people , we were able to achieve 75 % planned maintenance …
I would recommend NEXGEN to any organization looking to improve the efficiency of their asset management program .
It ’s simply the best CMMS software on the market today . ”
L’équipe de direction de Free déclare n’avoir pas de projet d’offre quadruple play dans les cartons .
Alors que ça bouge chez les concurrents .
Chez Iliad - Free , le quadruple play n’est pas perçu comme une offre de rupture .
«
Il n’apporte rien au client . »
Lors de la présentation des résultats financiers 2009 du groupe , le directeur général Maxime Lombardini a qualifié les premières offres Internet haut débit + télévision numérique + téléphonie fixe et mobile + de « faux - semblant ».
Néanmoins , si ce type de formules devient « un standard » , « on s’adaptera mais on en doute » .
Mais en l’état actuel , Free déclare « n’avoir pas de projet dans ce domaine » .
Maxime Lombardini a dénoncé le fait de locker ( enfermer ) les clients pendant 24 mois sur ce type d’offres .
Xavier Niel , dirigeant historique du groupe Iliad - Free , a surenchéri en pointant du doigt les « terribles déceptions techniques » et des « tarifs absolument délirants ». L’offre Ideo associée à la Bbox de Bouygues Telecom est clairement visée .
Et ça balance pas mal chez les FAI .
« SFR s’apprête à sortir une offre de rétention copiée sur Bouygues Telecom tandis qu’Orange devrait sortir son offre quadruple play le 8 avril » , commente Xavier Niel .
Plus tôt ( fin février ) , Stéphane Richard , Directeur général de France Telecom , avait évoqué la sortie d’une offre quadruple play avant l’été .
En attendant le lancement commercial de Free Mobile prévu en 2012 , Iliad - Free caresse - t - il l ’idée de se présenter comme un opérateur mobile virtuel ( MVNO ) ? «
Nous ne voulons pas abîmer notre capital confiance (…)
Les offres MVNO ne sont pas assez différenciantes sans compter sur les pertes générées » , commente Xavier Niel en substance .
Larissa MacFarquhar ’s Profile of Paul Krugman suggests that the economists with whom Krugman does battle could use a little history of political philosophy mixed in with their economic prophesying ( “ The Deflationist , ” March 1st ) .
The main political issue of our time is n’t whether markets are always right but whether they are always good .
Adam Smith , in “ The Wealth of Nations , ” advocated free trade based on his theory that the market ’s invisible hand would provide for the greater wealth of nations across the social spectrum .
This moral vision was long ago abandoned by free marketeers in favor of another theory from the founding era : the inviolability of property rights .
But we know that capitalism has historically followed a pattern of boom and bust , a cycle whose impact has been mitigated — in the spirit of Smith ’s moral philosophy , and for economic conditions he could not have foreseen — by civic intervention , otherwise called government regulation and progressive taxation .
This is the fundamental difference between Democrats and Republicans .
Democrats tend to believe that , in the light of our long experience with boom and bust , fiscal policy should provide social and economic equity for the American people .
Republicans seem to believe that fiscal policy should protect the acquisition of wealth , however skewed the distribution of wealth may become and however small the number of citizens protected .
The difference is abundantly apparent in California today , where the Democratic legacy of equitable distribution of wealth , through public education especially , but also in many other areas , was long ago sacrificed on the altar of property rights in Proposition 13 .
Dee E. Andrews
Professor of History
California State University , East Bay
San Francisco , Calif .
Please Mind the Planet
" Mindfulness is the energy of being aware and awake to the present moment .
It is the continuous practice of touching life deeply in every moment .
To be mindful is to be truly alive and at one with those around us .
Practicing mindfulness does not require that we go anywhere different .
We can practice mindfulness in our room and our our way from one place to another .
We can do very much the same things we always do - walking , sitting , working , eating , talking - except we learn to do them with an awareness of what we are doing . "
From Happiness : Essential Mindfulness Practices by Thich Nhat Hanh .
( please ) Mind The Planet is a sharing : a sharing of information that I have come across , most of which does not appear to be widely known .
Since the implications of what is happening to our climate is quite serious , I felt personally compelled to let others know what I have learned .
I hope that you will find this site interesting , and motivating .
If so , maybe you will feel compelled to share this knowledge with others as well .
That would be very nice .
While what we are about to investigate about can be complicated , I have tried to keep the important pieces clear and simple .
The basic scientific facts can be easily summarized :
The climate is changing
We are the ones causing it , and
The consequences will be very bad .
The science of global warming , its consequences and the attempts by many vested interested in spreading confusion and disinformation about what is really happening ( aka Climate Myths ) are described in the section called The Science , Myths & Consequences
Even though this is a serious topic about potentially significant changes to our way of life , we are not without hope .
You will see how simply living mindfully can reduce and even eliminate the risks we are taking today .
The 3 Big Easy things we can all do are described in the The Mindful Practices
This site is still being developed and evolving ; there will be many changes over the new few weeks as we add slides from the live presentations .
Please keep checking back ... and referring others to visit this site .
Cheers
Bernie Clark
Daily Show host Jon Stewart is a media superstar .
Now his older brother , Larry Leibowitz , is getting his 15 minutes of fame .
This morning , Leibowitz 's work at the NYSE , where he is the chief operating officer , was featured in the Wall Street Journal .
Leibowitz has been spearheading the overhaul of the NYSE 's electronic trading platform to make it faster and more efficient .
He's ...
It is not accurate to say that wind and solar energies are intermittent and the scientists and engineers who are studying , developing and managing them have been working hard to change the description to the more accurate term of “ variable . ”
Variable is not the same as intermittent .
Many people find their loved ones to be variable but the lucky ones also find them reliably constant and not intermittent .
The challenge is to handle and depend on the variability .
Without their variability , they would not be the ones we love .
Fossil fuels are not variable .
They can be reliably be counted on to constantly generate energy and pollution in large quantities .
Because of that , the New Energies ’ scientists , engineers and developers are aggressively pursuing affordable , utility - scale electricity storage , the solution that would most obviously eliminate the variability of wind and solar and do away with concerns about their dependability .
It turns out , though , that it is also possible to accept variability as an essential part of the nature of wind and sun and develop ways to successfully live with it .
The Role of Energy Storage with Renewable Electricity Generation , from Paul Denholm , Erik Ela , Brendan Kirby , and Michael Milligan of the National Renewable Energy Laboratory , says the issue of electricity storage is not a need but a want , something that is a matter of cost .
Variable New Energy generation ( VG ) has technical and economic impacts but managing it successfully can make it dependable .
This can be done with enabling technologies and grid operation practices , including most prominently ( 1 ) demand response , ( 2 ) increased transmission capacity , ( 3 ) flexible generation , and ( 4 ) improved operations .
The first and most important thing to understand about variability is that grid operators already cope with it on a daily basis .
Demand varies constantly , by the hour of the day , by the day of the week and by the season of the year .
Grid operators regularly manage a set of generation sources and ramp supplies up and down to match demand .
Integrating New Energy sources is , in some ways , more of the same .
:: continue ::
click to enlarge
Though some grid operators may nostalgically , if unrealistically , long for a simple yesteryear when coal was burned and electricity sent , variable New Energy generation can be equally serviceable , if not 100 % dispatchable , by integrating it into a transmission system that can smartly process and dispatch electricity from a wide range of sources .
The are 2 real questions about energy storage .
First , how much will it cost and is it worth the cost in comparison to the value from ( 1 ) building a smarter grid with more demand response capacity , ( 2 ) building more high capacity transmission to expand the range of available sources and load centers serviced , or ( 3 ) developing operational practices that allow for more effective variable New Energy integration into the existing grid ?
And second , what is the full potential of VG and how much can be used by a high capacity smart “ future grid ” before it becomes necessary to invest in energy storage or limit New Energy generation ?
It is also worth remembering that the Old Energies have reliability issues as well .
Nuclear energy is considered by some to be a preferable emissions - free source of electricity generation because it does not vary as often as solar and wind .
Coal is considered preferable because it is cheap and certain .
But the variations in sun and wind are entirely predictable and can be compensated for with a flexible grid and distributed sources .
When a nuclear plant crashes there is no warning .
Coal plants , dependent on an antiquated transmission system , can be completely out of business in an unpredictable instant from the loss of a single line .
When such events have happened , cities , parts of states , even interstate grid systems have been left in the dark for hours or even days .
Predictable , variable New Energy generation can be managed by a flexible transmission system and grid operator and , perhaps eventually , energy storage .
That has costs .
The unpredictable variation of the Old Energies cannot be managed and must be endured .
That has enormous costs .
click to enlarge
This post is based on The Role of Energy Storage with Renewable Electricity Generation by Paul Denholm , Erik Ela , Brendan Kirby , and Michael Milligan ( January 2010 , National Renewable Energy Laboratory )
Click thru for more on this and more NewEnergyNews
with no one to protect them
Yesterday , in the heat of the battle for health care reform , Newt Gingrich made a startling comparison :
But former Republican House speaker Newt Gingrich said Obama and the Democrats will regret their decision to push for comprehensive reform .
Calling the bill " the most radical social experiment . . . in modern times , " Gingrich said : " They will have destroyed their party much as Lyndon Johnson shattered the Democratic Party for 40 years " with the enactment of civil rights legislation in the 1960s .
Aside from Gingrich's oh - so- serious concern over Democratic electoral prospects for the next 40 years , this is certainly a bizarre comparison .
Apparently , for Gingrich , Democrats should regret their decision to push for civil rights legislation , because such legislation cost Democrats electorally ( and it did , thanks to Nixon , the GOP , and their Southern Strategy ) .
The merits of the legislation ( in this case , desegregation ) take a back seat to the political implications .
In other words , Gingrich believes that political pandering and cowardice is always preferred , even when dealing with unambiguous evils like segregation .
Makes him a perfect Republican presidential candidate .
Randal Lowry & Associates is one of Northeast Ohio ’s most experienced and trusted family law firms .
With over 44 years dedicated exclusively to family law we have handled some of the most complex and significant cases in the field of Ohio family law .
We are well recognized as a leader in handling all types of domestic relations matters including high net worth divorces , closely held businesses , division of retirements and child custody issues .
Our highly skilled attorneys have an extensive background in financial and business considerations during divorce matters .
Our team is well prepared to tackle the practical , financial , and legal challenges of divorce with relentless focus and unwavering dedication to our clients needs and goals .
Our law office works with nationally recognized experts in business valuations , forensic accountants , real estate and personal property appraisals , financial and vocational assessors , psychologists and economists .
Our extensive divorce knowledge and experience both inside and outside the courtroom is unmatched .
Our highly skilled attorneys work hard to resolve disputes early and amicably when possible .
However , our top - notch trial attorneys are always well prepared to litigate when necessary .
Clients and opponents recognize that our courtroom achievements and experience make us more effective negotiators .
Our team of attorneys are highly respected among our peers and our reputation throughout the local and legal communities is unparalleled .
Our attorneys are supported by highly trained paralegals and assistants who have worked for Randal Lowry & Associates for over 40 years .
The result is a close - knit , dedicated team of advocates who provide tailored client - focused solutions along with exceptional service and compassion during an extremely difficult and stressful time .
The attorneys at Randal Lowry & Associates take great pride in our responsibility of advocating to protect the things that matter most to you — protecting your family and preserving your future .
More than 40 years ago , Bill Neaves , then a young Ph.D. student , discovered how an all - female , asexual species of the whiptail lizard came to be .
He found that the lizard was a cross between the female species of one type of lizard and the male species of another .
But what has puzzled him for years is how this all - female species maintains its high level of genetic variation , a contribution to evolutionary fitness that typically comes from sexual reproduction .
Despite reproducing without a male partner , this lizard species has a strong presence in the wild .
Now , Aracely Lutes , a graduate student at the Stowers Institute for Medical Research in Kansas City , Mo. , where Dr. Neaves works , has figured out the missing piece of the puzzle .
The findings were reported Sunday in the journal Nature .
Four Ways to Use Water to Save on Heating & Cooling
Warm floors
Radiant flooring provides a much more healthy heat .
Â
If you are considering solar hot water heating , or a ground heat pump , this is a great time to think about the advantages of radiant floors as well .
Because they both circulate water through the house , radiant heating is the perfect match for solar hot water or ground heat pumps .
The health benefits of radiant heat are even greater .
No dust is circulated .
If you are laying tile or stone you can lay simple flex tubing right into the mortar .
Or you can use a modular unit system like Warmboard .
Each sheet is tongue - and - grooved together , with channels in it for the radiant tubing to nestle in safely below the surface .
A layer of aluminum is bonded to the plywood , creating a conductive surface for the radiant tubing to deliver its heat .
Warm walls
Radiant heating in walls is less well - known , but it works in the same way as radiant flooring .
Unlike heat from conventional heating systems ( hot air rises ) radiant heat does not travel upwards , but warms the body in the same way as the sun does , through long - waved horizontal infrared radiant heat .
You can also use a modular radiant flooring product like Warmboard horizontally on walls too .
The modules come in four foot wide segments .
Again , if you will have a concrete , plaster , clay , or stone wall , you can peg the tubing right into the mortar in the wall .
Cool walls
As opposed to conventional air - conditioning units that use a lot of energy circulating large amounts of air to cool a room , using radiant cooling to circulate cool water inside a radiant wall is very energy efficient .
Air conditioning generates an aggressive kind of cold which can cause a temperature shock when people enter the room .
The dust stirred up by the air - conditioned circulating air and the mites it contains are extremely detrimental to health .
ButÂ organically healthy natural radiant cooling feels like walking into a grove of Redwoods .
Cool floors
A cool floor is an ancient technique for creating a comfortable cooling effect , outdoors and indoors .
Most people are familiar with radiant heating .
What is less known is that the same radiant tubing can carry cold water too , to create a super ambient climate in summer .
Instead of running the hot water through your radiant floor , simply circulate cold water through the radiant tubing system .
The plumbing has to be set up so you have the option of running either hot or cold water through the radiant system .
You can receive our articles for free in your email inbox or subscribe to our RSS feed .
Just enter your email below for the email subscription : | Buy | Print
Iran 's telecommunications agency announced Wednesday that it has permanently suspended Google 's e-mail services and that a national e-mail service for Iranians will be rolled out soon .
It is not clear what effect the order has had on gmail in Iran .
Google says in a statement , " We have heard from users in Iran that they are having trouble accessing Gmail .
We can confirm a sharp drop in traffic , and we have looked at our own networks and found that they are working properly .
Whenever we encounter blocks in our services we try to resolve them as quickly as possibly because we strongly believe that people everywhere should have the ability to communicate freely online .
Sadly , sometimes it is not within our control . "
Google on Tuesday unveiled a new service called " Buzz , " a social networking tool built into its gmail service .
The announced suspension of gmail comes as Iranian authorities have deployed in force across Tehran to conduct last - minute security sweeps and warn residents to refrain from joining antigovernment protests planned for Thursday -- the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Police have confiscated satellite dishes from residential rooftops , according to opposition Web sites .
Some pedestrians have been quoted saying that their mobile phones were searched and , in some cases , taken by police patrolling areas of the capital where protests have erupted in the past .
Iranians have also reported widespread service disruptions of text messaging services , though mobile phones appeared to be operating normally Wednesday .
The State Department criticized Iran over the move .
" While information technologies are enabling people around the world to communicate like never before , the Iranian government seems determined to deny its citizens access to information , the ability to express themselves freely , network and share ideas , " says State Department Spokeman P.J. Crowley .
" Virtual walls wo n't work in the 21st century any better than physical walls worked in the 20th century .
The Iranian people are dynamic and determined and will find a way to overcome the obstacles the Iranian government puts in their way . "
Iranian authorities tasked with upholding Islamic values have also been scouring the streets , harassing people wearing green , the trademark color of the opposition , according to witness accounts posted on opposition Web sites .
The government typically orchestrates large , carnival - like rallies and demonstrations to mark the Feb. 11 anniversary of the Islamic Republic .
For this year 's events , opposition leaders have called for protesters to demonstrate against the regime .
That has set the stage for clashes between authorities and demonstrators , who have taken to the streets repeatedly to protest the outcome of presidential elections in June .
Government officials , meanwhile , ratcheted up threats against any protests , vowing to confront demonstrators on the streets and calling for government supporters to turn out in large numbers .
Iranian officials have said the protesters are agents of foreign powers .
The Wall Street Journal contributed to this report .
Today , Facebook co-founder and My.BarackObama.com alum Chris Hughes announced the soft launch of Jumo , his new philanthropic start - up that works to match do - gooders with appropriate causes .
Currently , the Jumo site is merely an elegantly designed homepage that announces Hughes 's mission to " bring together everyday individuals and organizations to speed the pace of global change .
We connect people to the issues , organizations , and individuals relevant to them to foster lasting relationships and meaningful action . "
Hughes told us , however , that the site will later be organized much like a social network — with profiles for individual users that contain a collection of information that they have shared and used , pages for organizations created both by the orgs in question and others , and issue pages that serve as a kind of discussion of the topics at hand .
Hughes says that the idea is to make sure that Jumo can get the most relevant information possible to its users , so that they can foster on - going relationships with social organizations to do the most good .
As a result , the current homepage features a rather intriguing survey box that asks the site visitor an array of questions from , " If you had a daughter tomorrow , which would you name her ? " to " Would you say the world is getting better or worse ? "
Upon answering these queries , you can also submit your e-mail address to get more information as it comes .
The site itself came about after a period of reflection on Hughes 's part .
The Obama campaign came and went , and he started thinking about how he could apply social media principles gleaned from Facebook and My.BarackObama.com to have the maximum impact on the world .
While he was impressed by efforts following catastrophes like the earthquake in Haiti , Hughes thought we could be doing more .
" I think watching what happened after Haiti was hard for everyone , " he says .
" The fact that so much money was raised is just a testament to the fact that people really do care and help . "
Still , he applies the " do n't just give during the holidays — give all year round " principle to the situation .
" I was frustrated to see that moment of engagement not functioning as part of a much larger process of supporting those organizations to help ensure that tragedies like Haiti not happen again , " he said .
Currently , Hughes is hiring a team to run the site from its Soho office .
According to the job posting , he 's " looking to hire hard - working individuals who value intellectual challenge , appreciate the importance of online networking technology , and , most importantly , want to change the world . "
Australian Casinos Online
Our goal is to present our lovers into the many successful casinos that are online .
We examine each and every detail in every casino in your behalf to be certain it ’s true .
In case you have sick of trying new casinos on the internet and also feeling extremely helpless in locating your pursuit , here ’s where you will receive relief .
We supply the guides on the top .
These casinos are just supplying the most secure and dependable gaming environment for many Aussies .
We follow a system assess and to confirm all casinos .
Nothing is arbitrary or casual at our job operations .
The very first step into our procedure is to register for members that are free .
Then we proceed for wanting their game libraries .
If things work out in the free manner , we take matters a little further and go for actual cash manners .
Our team that is delegated supply some money and registers to get a real money account .
We examine their incentive system to be sure about their honesty boosting the bonuses .
In addition , we confirm that the casino takes Aussie bucks .
We do n’t end our job now .
Also , we go for reporting problems on particular matches and deliver an email to their customer care department .
This will allow us to determine their interaction rate with customers ’ complaints .
Our enthusiasm for gaming drives us to execute these activities constantly .
It ’s not necessary to mention that we ’re constantly seeking the players best interests , so we supply them with a listing of the very top rated in internet casinos business .
To be able to offer invaluable aid to our subscribers , we ’ve created an inventory of the most often asked questions along with their comprehensive answers .
You ’re completely welcome to browse this listing and gain more real knowledge on the area of internet pokies and gaming .
Are your preferred online casinos at Australia legit ?
We realize the importance of this specific thing to all bettors .
You will surely feel comfy enough to understand that your preferred casino is totally legitimate .
We ’re more than eager to inform you our recommended casinos are entirely legal , protected and with official permits .
Reading our reviews and opinions on each casino can allow you to become utterly sure of the issue .
At these testimonials , we cite the official website of every casino .
Visiting these sites could tell you for certain about their validity .
It ’s possible to assess their adherence to legislation and rules of the country they operate in .
You may even see their official permits .
In the conclusion of the afternoon , we ’re pleased to announce that all our proposed casinos are completely legal and protected .
Can you describe more about the welcome bonus as well as the bonuses of enrollment and matchup ?
Casinos offer enrollment or signup bonus for new associates to encourage them to create an account in the website .
Occasionally signup bonuses require the kind of game bonuses .
In these scenarios , the casino will match the amount of your deposit to a particular level .
Consequently , if you get a match bonus of 100 percent , then the casino will put in a dollar to your own account on every dollar you supply as a deposit .
You have to be completely aware of the stipulations of withdrawals in your preferred casino in the event of targeting a fast withdrawal .
It is possible to gain from these encouraging bonuses to boost your gambling odds at your games .
To sum this up , if you supply 100 dollars as a deposit and receive 100 dollars more as 100 % match bonus , then you may take your first 100 bucks .
Additionally , you ’ll be made to accomplish the lowest limit of bets that are necessary to cash out all of your dollars from the accounts .
In the event you ’re considering trying online gaming at no cost , you could find a free bonus in the casino without supplying any deposits .
Free bonuses are often in small amounts of money , and they aim at supporting the players to maintain betting on the website .
You will find particular required rules and conditions for asserting such bonuses .
These principles can be associated with withdrawing and gambling requirements .
Free bonuses may take different forms than money .
They are sometimes free additional spins which are typical at pokies games .
From time to time , a casino may request players for supplying a tiny deposit .
This can vary between 1 and 5 dollars .
Such will encourage lots of players to change from entirely free modes to actual money ones without a lot of dangers .
You may see our list to understand the casinos which offer such appealing offers .
Bonuses for faithful and VIP players
Online casinos really like to surprise their faithful members with mind - blowing and outstanding supplies .
If you become concerned about a certain casino to get a nice quantity of time , you can be given a message in their own devotion team .
This informative article will show their benefits to you .
This is sometimes free money , credits or spins .
Pokies -
The hottest online casino game one of Australian players
All Australian players are enthusiastic about enjoying pokies .
This fire began several years back when they started playing with them in traditional casinos and pubs .
Their love for this specific game lasted till they managed to appreciate it on their telephones .
If you ’re confused about enjoying regular bars and enjoying online , you ought to be considerable contrast .
This contrast will signify all perks of playing .
Freedom of choice from a vast selection of notable names in internet gaming industry , for example , Microgaming , Aristocrat , and Netent .
The pleasure you ’ll receive from playing with pokies online surpasses what you can ever have when enjoying traditional five reel pokies or conventional pokers at land - based bars or bars .
Online playing will permit you to enjoy far better specs and perks including many amounts of bonuses , additional bonuses , many pay lines and 2nd display tab .
New players and gaming newbies should have no concerns in any way .
They can opt to play pokies for free until they start gambling for real money .
The free mode may also help you know more about the character of playing internet .
Solution
With the lightweight Insight Network Sensor , you can continuously monitor network traffic at any location or site across your network .
It started with a gold rush and it will end with a gold rush .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
The Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics will be the last mega-event in the Interstate 5 / Highway 99 corridor , a region dependent for more than a century on epic spectacles to stimulate infrastructure spending on buildings and transportation .
Mega -events rely on massive infusions of capital and large tracts of real estate on which to build .
But the region has densified , and wide - open , accessible spaces available for development are harder to find .
Though they will leave a substantial highway , rapid transit and sport venue legacy , the staggering costs and minimal benefits of February 12 - 28 Games will mean little appetite for anything on such a scale in this region .
101 years of expos and games
Seattle was the terminus of the Klondike stampede of 1897 - 1898 , when 120,000 prospectors hopped aboard ships for Skagway , Alaska and made their way by foot and steamer to Dawson City , Yukon .
Many came home empty - handed .
A group in Seattle proposed a 10th anniversary fair .
The Alaska - Yukon - Pacific Exposition took place more than a year late in 1909 and drew 3.7 million over four and a half months to a 101 - hectare site eventually turned into the University of Washington .
Vancouver 's 1954 British Empire Games will forever be known for the Miracle Mile at Empire Stadium .
If anything put Vancouver on the map in the English - speaking world , this was it .
The first big summertime multisports event in North America after World War II was featured in the first edition of Sports Illustrated .
Empire was demolished in 1992 , but the University of B.C. 's outdoor pool is one of the last remaining legacy venues .
Seattle 's science - themed 1962 Century 21 World 's Fair is the best example of a nearly intact legacy .
The monorail , which goes from the Westlake Centre food fair to the Centre House food fair ( through the Frank Gehry - designed Experience Music Project ) is not the only remaining legacy .
The landmark Space Needle , Pacific Science Centre and fountain are just several of the functioning remnants on the Seattle Centre campus .
The futuristic fair drew 10 million visitors .
Plans are underway for a 50th anniversary celebration in 2012 .
No doubt it 'll include a screening of Elvis Presley 's It Happened At the World 's Fair .
Washington scored a world 's fair hat - trick a dozen years later when Spokane hosted Expo ' 74 on 100 acres of downtown Spokane .
A dozen years later , Vancouver had Expo ' 86 along a former railway site that stretched from the Granville Bridge to Quebec Street .
It was the last great expo in North America .
Elements of Expo ' 86 are in use for the Olympics , such as Science World ( temporarily Sochi World ) , the Roundhouse ( Casa Italia ) and Canada Place ( main press centre ) .
The inukshuk designed by Rankin Inlet 's Alvin Kanak stood at the northern pavilion in 1986 and was moved to English Bay .
It also moved graphic artist Elena Rivera MacGregor to design the winning logo for the 2010 Games .
Timing was perfect for Expo ' 86
Expo ' 86 is credited with being the catalyst for Vancouver 's makeover , though the timing could n't have been better .
In 1984 , Britain agreed to shift Hong Kong back to Chinese control by 1997 .
Three years after Expo , the Tiananmen Square massacre unfolded while the world was watching , prompting tens of thousands of Hong Kongers to search for the most convenient safe harbour .
Tycoon Li Ka-Shing already found it when he bought most of the old Expo site in a controversial sale .
Masses followed him to begin new lives in Vancouver and further transformed the city and its suburbs into a Pacific Rim powerhouse .
Ted Turner of CNN fame brought his Goodwill Games to Seattle in 1990 .
It was a cold war alternative to the Olympics , which hit another low in 1980 with a U.S. - led boycott of Moscow during that version of an Afghan war .
Victoria hosted the Commonwealth Games in 1994 -- 50 years after Vancouver 1954 .
When that was over , some on the mainland predictably said " what 's next ? "
Sport B.C. executive director John Mills wanted to fix the city 's aging sport infrastructure -- especially the demolished Empire Stadium property -- and thought a bid for another big Games would do the trick .
Consultant Roger Jackson concluded Vancouver could try for either summer or winter , but winter would be easier to win because of Toronto 's desire for the Summer Games .
Tourism Vancouver jumped on board and the torch was eventually passed to Arthur Griffiths , who received the Canadian Olympic Committee nod over Calgary and Quebec City in 1998 .
Cost - benefit ratio has diminished
The strategy behind Vancouver 's Games was actually not so much about sport as it was to stimulate real estate and tourism in a province that had long wanted to diversify from a resource - based economy .
But at what cost ?
The last tally by the Office of the Auditor General found it was costing taxpayers at least $ 2.5 billion , but anyone with a calculator can add up $ 6 billion in direct and indirect Olympic costs .
The recession , the inconveniencing of a whole city to make way for a 30 percent bump in downtown traffic and the inevitable post - Games paying of the bills will mean that memories of the Canadian gold medal - winners on home ice and snow will ultimately be the reminders of the last mega-event .
PriceWaterhouseCoopers estimated the Games would pump $ 4.2 billion into the B.C. economy from 2002 to 2020 .
That sounds like a lot until you consider that the province 's gross domestic product was almost $ 198 billion in 2008 alone .
If the retail industry suffers in B.C. during the Games like it did in Utah during Salt Lake 2002 , then the benefits will melt further .
Vancouver and Seattle have reached a maturity -- not to mention a density -- that will end that reliance on mega-events .
No active bids are on the table , nor are they likely to be .
The nearest big event could be 2017 in Edmonton .
Land and community will in the Alberta capital could be enough to support a bid for a world expo on the theme of energy sustainability , supply and demand .
Oh , man , is Meghan McCain ever asking for it :
In an appearance on ABC's The View , Meghan McCain also took issue with a number of recent statements from Sarah Palin , criticizing the former Alaska governor for defending Rush Limbaugh 's use of the word " retard " and for suggesting that President Obama launch a war against Iran in order to win a second term .
McCain described Former Republican congressman Tom Tancredo's call for a literacy test for voters as " innate racism . "
McCain obviously also has issues with Palin , but it was Tancredo 's speech -- in which he thanked God that McCain 's father lost the election -- that stuck in her craw :
" It 's innate racism , and I think it's why young people are turned off by this movement , " McCain retorted on The View .
" I 'm sorry , but revolutions start with young people , not 65 year old people talking about literacy tests and people who can't say the word ' vote ' in English , " McCain added .
McCain , a self - described " progressive Republican , " criticized Palin 's assertion that President Obama could get himself re-elected to a second term if he launched a war against Iran .
" You should never go to war unless its the absolute last circumstance , " McCain said .
As for Palin 's defense of Rush Limbaugh for using the word " retard " after calling for White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel 's resignation over the same word last week , McCain said it was a symbol of " exactly what is wrong with politics today .
" We can't placate and say Democrats can say one thing and Republicans can say another thing , " she said .
McCain added that the rhetoric coming from the Tea Party movement and from Republicans like Palin " will continue to turn off young voters , and anybody who says different is smoking something . "
Why , if she only watched Fox News , McCain would know that America loves this movement and it's full of revolutionary fervor and all kinds of vim and vigor and pep !
Translation : Intraparty heretics like Meghan McCain are political roadkill .
Like her dad .
Mrs Merkel offered scant hope yesterday .
" The euro is certainly in the most difficult phase since it was created .
Its important we remember that it is our common currency on the one hand , but also on the other of the need to tackle to the causes of the troubles at their roots which are high Greek deficits and lost credibility . "
 The mother of a woman accused of helping starve her child to death , then stuffing him in a suitcase says her daughter was brainwashed into the acts by a cult .
Police say the child , Javon Thompson , was denied food and water for two days because he would n’t say “ Amen ” after meals .
Group members then waited for the 1 - year - old ’s resurrection for more than a week as the child ’s lifeless body lay in the back room of an apartment , according to charging documents .
Queen Antoinette , the 40 - year - old leader of a group that called itself “ 1 Mind Ministries , ” told her followers to pray .
God , she said , would raise Javon from the dead .
Instead , Javon ’s body began to decompose .
The boy ’s mother , Ria Ramkissoon , 21 , and four other people who authorities say are members of the group face first - degree murder charges in his death .
But Miss Ramkissoon ’s mother and attorney say that she was brainwashed by a cult and acted only at the group leader ’s will .
Court documents describe a group that operated secretly , dressed all in white and eschewed medical care .
Miss Antoinette , also known as Toni Sloan or Toni Ellsberry , called her followers “ princes ” and “ princesses . ”
“ The members of this cult , who were more than twice her age , were calling the shots , ” Miss Ramkissoon ’s attorney , Steven D. Silverman , said Tuesday after a court hearing .
“ She bought the program hook , line and sinker . ”
The group never had more than a dozen members and did not operate out of a remote compound .
However , it meets the definition of a cult , said Rick A. Ross , who has studied cults for 26 years , provided expert testimony and staged hundreds “ interventions ” to get people out of cults .
“ It fits the profile of a classic cult in the sense that it ’s a personality - driven group and that Queen Antoinette is that animating personality and central defining element of the group , ” he said .
Miss Ramkissoon ’s association with the group began shortly after the child was born in September 2005 , said her mother , Seeta Khadan - Newton .
She gave birth at 18 and was struggling to care for her baby while working and taking college classes , Miss Khadan - Newton said .
She and her daughter moved from their native Trinidad when the girl was 8 .
Miss Khadan - Newton is Hindu , but her daughter became a Christian .
Miss Ramkissoon ’s church betrayed her trust , her mother said , when its pastor pleaded guilty to molesting boys in the congregation .
Miss Ramkissoon was friends with Tiffany Smith , then a member of the group , when 1 Mind Ministries began recruiting her , Miss Khadan - Newton said .
Miss Ramkissoon left home with Javon in April 2006 , and Miss Khadan - Newton has not seen them since .
“ She was brainwashed , ” she said .
Miss Khadan - Newton said she attempted to rescue the boy and his mother - pleading with police , social workers , judges and politicians .
She said she always received the same response : Because the child was with his mother , who left home willingly , nothing could be done .
“ I fear for [ my grandson ’s ] and my daughter ’s safety , you see .
They are in a cult .
I have n’t seen or heard from my daughter since April , ” she wrote in a letter to Circuit Judge Audrey J.S. Carrion about a month before the child died .
State Secretary of Human Resources Brenda Donald said her agency has records of a couple of calls about Javon , including one in October from a person who said he was a relative of the boy and one several months later from a health care worker who knew a cult member .
Investigators went to an address that they were given by the first caller but found it was vacant , Miss Donald said .
She said they were n’t able to follow up because the caller would not leave his name or contact information .
After cult members abandoned hope of Javon ’s resurrection , Miss Antoinette burned Javon ’s clothing and mattress and put his body in a green suitcase .
She stuffed the suitcase with mothballs and fabric softener sheets and opened it occasionally to spray disinfectant inside .
In early 2007 , cult members stored the suitcase behind a home in Philadelphia and relocated to New York City , according to police , who found the suitcase more than a year later , the body still inside .
Not knowing her grandson was dead , Miss Khadan - Newton traveled in February 2008 to the Brooklyn apartment where the group was staying and spoke to her daughter through an intercom .
In part because of Miss Khadan - Newton ’s contact with a social worker in New York , authorities there tracked down Miss Antoinette and two other cult members wanted in a separate case : Trevia Williams , 21 , and Marcus A. Cobbs , 21 .
They were later charged in Javon ’s death .
Miss Ramkissoon returned to Baltimore and was living in a homeless shelter when she was arrested .
A fifth person charged in the case , Steven Bynum , 42 , is being sought in New York .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
-- Posted Tuesday , 1 December 2009 | Digg This Article | | Source : GoldSeek.com
Below is an excerpt from a commentary originally posted at www.speculative-investor.com on 26th November 2009 .
According to popular opinion , a benefit of inflation is that it reduces the debt burden by reducing the value of the currency in which the debt must be repaid .
An associated belief is that when the Fed and other central banks create money out of nothing they are acting to " inflate away " the debt and are thus performing a useful service on behalf of everyone who owes a lot of money .
But as is often the case when it comes to central - bank and government manipulations of money and credit , there 's a big difference between the way things are commonly portrayed / perceived and the way they are in reality .
If the central bank and the government really wanted to inflate - away the debt then they could do it by handing out money to everyone in proportion to each person 's existing holding of money .
For example , a 20 % increase in the money supply could be effected by giving everyone a dollar for every five dollars they currently held , so someone who previously had a $ 10,000 savings account would suddenly have $ 12,000 in their account .
Because the new money would be spread throughout the economy in proportion to the original distribution of money , and because everyone would be aware of what was going on , a broad - based increase in prices ( a reduction in the purchasing power of money ) would quickly follow the money - supply increase .
This , we think , would be the least - harmful way to inflate the money supply , and it could actually create a benefit to most debtors ( at the expense of most creditors ) .
However , the primary purpose of monetary inflation is NOT to inflate away the general public 's debt .
Its purpose is , instead , to help or reward special interest groups with the aim of attaining , or retaining , political power .
As we 've explained in many earlier commentaries , the new money does n't get evenly distributed throughout the economy ; it enters the economy at discreet points and benefits the first users at the expense of everyone else .
In the US , the government is by far the biggest beneficiary of monetary inflation , followed by the banks .
Via the power of inflation , the US government has managed to transfer massive wealth from the rest of the economy to the banking industry over the past 15 months .
It was also able to obtain for itself a large slice of the US auto industry , and is now preparing to drastically expand its control over healthcare and energy production / consumption .
It 's amazing what you can accomplish when you can create , for yourself , an unlimited amount of legal tender .
The money that the government creates for itself via the tool known as the central bank will eventually ripple through the economy and find its way into the bank accounts and wallets of average working men , but by that time living expenses and interest rates will have risen by enough to more than offset any possible ' benefit ' .
Moreover , the number of working men will be less , because the economic distortions wrought by the monetary inflation will result in greater unemployment .
-- Posted Tuesday , 1 December 2009 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Regular financial market forecasts and analyses are provided at our web site .
We aren�t offering a free trial subscription at this time , but free samples of our work ( excerpts from our regular commentaries ) can be viewed here .
E-mail : Steve Saville
Previous Articles by Steve Saville
( CNN ) --
Twelve people -- nine of them police officers -- were killed Wednesday when two bombs exploded in Russia 's southern republic of Dagestan , officials told CNN .
Another 23 people , including 11 police officers , were hospitalized with wounds from the bombings , at least one of which was carried out by a suicide bomber , according to a spokesman for the Dagestan police and Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Investigative Committee in the Russian prosecutor general 's office .
It happened two days after female suicide bombers killed at least 39 people on the Moscow metro .
Speaking at a government meeting from his country residence outside Moscow , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said he does n't rule out that Wednesday 's bombings in Dagestan were carried out by the same terrorist groups behind the Moscow attacks .
" I do not rule out that the same bandits were behind this , " Putin said .
" Everything has been said in the connection with the tragic events at the Moscow subway , " Putin said .
" I would just like to add that it does n't make any difference to us which part of the country such crimes take place in , and people of which ethnic background or religious creed become the victims of such crimes .
We regard them as crimes against Russia . "
Russian investigators have said they believe Chechen rebels may have been behind Monday 's fatal bombings in Moscow , although nobody has claimed responsibility .
Officials said Wednesday 's attacks happened in the town of Kizlyar , near the restive republic of Chechnya .
There was confusion about whether the first blast was carried out by a suicide bomber .
Markin said the initial blast happened at 8:40 a.m. ( 12:40 a.m. ET ) when a car rigged with explosives blew up as another car carrying policemen was driving by .
However , the Dagestan police spokesman said a suicide bomber was in the first car , and that he blew himself up when police pulled him over .
Twenty minutes later , a suicide bomber dressed in a police uniform approached rescue workers who had arrived at the scene of the first explosion and blew himself up , Markin said .
The explosions happened about 300 meters ( 328 yards ) from the Interior Ministry and Federal Security Service buildings and a school , state - run Russian news agency RIA Novosti said .
Windows were broken in all nearby buildings , including the local court , a police station , and the school , the Interfax news agency reported .
Dagestan is a predominantly Muslim republic in southern Russia where Russian forces have sought to quell Islamist rebels .
Separatist violence , including suicide bombings , have plagued the region .
A suicide bomber in January targeted a police station in the capital of Makhachkala , killing five police officers and wounding at least 14 others .
Alexander Bastrykin , the head of the Investigative Committee in the Russian prosecutor general 's office , said in January that 513 terrorist acts were carried out in the first 10 months of 2009 in the troubled Northern Caucasus .
-- CNN's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .
Business
A monorail that gets you pedaling
Posted
Mar 3 - A New Zealand company is combining 20th century technologies to solve this century 's transportation troubles .
The ' Shweeb ' monorail technology prototype is fully operational near Rotorua in the north .
Rob Muir reports .
‘ Capitalism ’ Yesterday , ‘ Capitalism ’ Today , ‘ Capitalism ’ Tomorrow , ‘ Capitalism ’ Forever
by Walter Block and Jackson Reeves by Walter Block and Jackson Reeves Recently by Walter Block : Say u2018 Yes ’ to Capitalism
Previously , I , Walter Block , published an article on the use of the word " capitalism . "
I defended the employment of this nomenclature in the promotion of libertarianism , criticizing the formation of a group , lead by my old and good friend , Sheldon Richman , called Libertarians Against Capitalism .
I am now co-authoring this reply to Sheldon with Jackson , who wrote me a letter very supportive of my side of this debate ; I have edited this letter of his and included it in this response .
In due course , Sheldon published a rejoinder to my article .
As is his wont , it was thoughtful and knowledgeable .
So much so , that it almost convinced me .
But , not quite .
However , he might well have made one good point , about which I was , I confess , ignorant .
I had stated that the bad guys were trying to steal the word " libertarian " from us ; but Sheldon , perhaps a better historian than me , has pointed out that we free enterprisers were the initial " thieves . "
( I place scare quotes around " thieves " to indicate that poaching of language is not akin to stealing real property .
As Stephan Kinsella has so masterfully shown , there can be no such thing as intellectual property in the libertarian law code ; thus , there can be no theft of it , either . )
It was my supposition that Spooner and Tucker were the first to use this word in the modern ( political economic ) manner , but , alas , I may well have been mistaken in this .
I did some ( belated ) research on this question ; see here , here and here .
The first two links still seem ambiguous to me ; the latter clearly supports Sheldon ’s position .
As well , I have been told that a forthcoming book of Murray Rothbard ’s letters , edited by David Gordon , buttresses Sheldon ’s interpretation .
On the other hand , this essay would tend in the other direction , and I am not historian enough to come to a definitive conclusion .
So , let me stipulate , arguendo , that I was wrong in my contention , and Sheldon correct .
I nevertheless persist in thinking that this error of mine , and thus Sheldon ’s correction of me , if that is what it indeed is , is really irrelevant to the point I was initially making : that it would be a grievous mistake to jettison the word " capitalism " from our libertarian lexicon .
I think Sheldon agrees with me as to the relative unimportance of the ( well nigh possible ) error of mine , as he says , " But let that pass . "
Now we come to the crux of his rejection of " capitalism . "
Sheldon says , in response to my request that he disband this initiative of his : " Sorry , ca n’t do it , old friend .
It ’s not worth the candle .
The word was tainted from the start — free - market radicals uses ( sic ) it disparagingly — and it has never lost its taint , despite the efforts of Mises and Rand .
It creates confusion not clarity .
We have perfectly good words for what we want : the free market and laissez faire , voluntarism and market anarchism .
We do n’t need the poisonous word capitalism . "
But the most widely understood meaning of " anarchism " is , surely , " chaos , " or , maybe , " bomb throwing " ( against innocent people ) .
Libertarian anarchists , of course , mean by this word , absence of archy ; that is , no arbitrary unjustified rule of one man by another .
Should we therefore give up on the word anarchy because it is misunderstood ?
A similar challenge to Sheldon ’s position emanates from the word " individualism . "
In our camp , this certainly evokes a positive reaction .
Some libertarians go so far as to equate our libertarian philosophy with individualism , and to denigrate what they see as " collectivism " as its polar opposite .
I do n’t go out that far on the limb at all ( it is not for nothing that I am widely known , at least within the libertarian community , as Walter " Moderate " Block ) .
For this would put us in opposition to voluntary collectives , such as the kibbutz , the monastery , the nunnery , the convent , even the typical nuclear family which lives according the doctrine of " from each in according to ability , to each according to need . "
It would also denigrate team sports ( football , soccer , baseball , basketball ) as collectivist , and unduly elevate individual sports ( swimming , track , handball , tennis ) as a matter of libertarian principle .
Further , " individualism , " too , is under dispute ; it is also claimed by our political enemies .
It would be a sad day if we ever had to give up on this word , but that , as I see it , is the logical implication of Sheldon ’s perspective .
" Free market " is a wonderful banner .
I would not jettison it for all the tea in China , so to speak .
However , it really does n’t do all the work we need it to do .
As far as I am concerned , there is not one but rather three arenas in which we contend against our competitors on the political spectrum .
Not only economics , but , also , personal liberties and foreign policy .
Someone who favors freedom only in the commercial field is not really one of us , if he is " weak " on the other two .
For example , he favors economic liberties , but wants to put people in jail for prostitution , pornography , gambling , drug use , and supports U.S. imperialism .
There are plenty of " free market " advocates like that ; they are not one of us .
They are , rather , conservatives , and are just as much the enemies of libertarianism as are the left liberals .
If you ask a typical leftie what " free market " means to him , undoubtedly , he will associate it with exploitation of the poor .
If you ask this of the modal mainstream economist , you will hear a litany of " market failure , " and economic inefficiency .
Here is my edited version of my co-author ’s brilliant letter to me ( I agree with every word of it , or I would not have invited Jackson to co-author this rejoinder with me ) :
" There have been a slew of blogspot writers rushing to the aid of Mr. Richman in response to your latest LRC article .
They can be found on the Libertarians Against Capitalism ’s wall posts , buried amongst the links of Chomsky interviews and praises of Michael Moore documentaries .
" I find the attempt to popularize phrases like u2018 laissez - faire ’ or u2018 market anarchism ’ so as to avoid the negative connotations of u2018 capitalism ’ more than a little silly .
" For those of us who are anarcho - capitalists , the phrases are interchangeable ; clarity is not an issue .
I doubt there has ever been any confusion when one Mises Institute Senior Scholar says u2018 capitalism ’ and another says u2018 laissez - faire ’ .
The only reason I can find as to why one would attempt to change the vocabulary of our message would be to appeal to people who do not share our economic views .
I cannot see this little ploy as anything but a waste of time .
" The first reason I believe this to be foolish is that if anyone is under the impression that u2018 laissez - faire ’ or u2018 market anarchism ’ will be an easier pill for the general public to swallow , they need to do a bit of thinking .
" u2018 Laissez - faire ’ will make the average Soccer - Mom - Mandi think of Dickensian orphans having to beg for pennies on a muddy street ( in the rain ) because they lost one or more limbs in a coal mining accident and their mustached robber - baron employer threw them out into the wilderness because of their reduced productivity .
She will be overcome with a fear for the safety of not only her tow - headed children , but of all tow - headed children in the Good Ol ’ USA .
As fearing for children makes her feel unpleasant , and as the phrase u2018 laissez - faire ’ was used disparagingly by both her matronly 11th grade social studies teacher who inspired her and her EN 211 American Lit. professor who she had a crush on , she will not like it .
" I also do not believe that u2018 market anarchism ’ will accurately communicate the message of liberty and win the hearts and minds of the masses .
If we were to take Teamster Union Randy the Welder from Local 102 and do a bit of word association , I would imagine we would end up with something like this : u2018 Market ’ ; u2018 Wall Street . ’ u2018 Market ’ ; u2018 Exploitation .’ u2018Anarchism ’; u2018 Chaos . ’ u2018Anarchism ’; u2018Arson . ’ u2018 Market ’ ; u2018 Madoff .’ u2018Anarchism ’; u2018Africa .’ u2018 Market Anarchy ’ ; u2018 Workers of the World Unite . ’
To the average American whose reason in constructed by either The Daily Show , pop music , or whatever blockbuster is playing at the cinema , the phrase u2018 market anarchy ’ would lead one to think of a Hollywood - envisioned dystopian future in which a large pharmaceutical company controls every aspect of our lives so that a few privileged crooks at the top can live in ivory towers .
I can not see people flocking to this phrase .
" If you want to proselytize to the masses , u2018 capitalism ’ is your best bet .
It ’s not threatening to most people as both Republicans and Democrats generally speak of it as a kind of good thing .
It is what made u2018us ’ great and all that blather .
The fact that it is commonly used and commonly misused is its best quality .
Every time someone incorrectly equates capitalism to corporatism , mercantilism , bailouts , price fixing , subsidies , natural monopolies , central banking , etc. we are given an excellent opportunity to say u2018 Well , that ’s not exactly what capitalism is …’
We have the perfect icebreaker which enables us to wax poetic about how you agree that these things are unjust but are really examples of interventionist policies and state reallocation of resources not intrinsic qualities of capitalism .
And then we can smoothly transition the conversation into free market solutions and extol the virtues of economic liberty .
" But now to the second reason I think this is pointless : the ideas of absolute liberty will never , ever , ever be popular to the masses .
The values that have led us to our vision of rights , justice , and liberty are less popular than the values that lead others elsewhere .
There is something within many people that finds a calming satisfaction in dependence .
Depending upon the state does offer a lot of stability to many people who would rather not be bothered with trying to steer a course through the u2018tumultuous sea of liberty . ’
Trying to put a pretty bow on our ideas by abjuring all words with negative connotations will not help promote liberty .
If anything , we should focus on bracing the remnant , as it were .
The people who will find the message of liberty appealing will do so because of the philosophy , not because of the label , indeed , in spite of the label .
" I have a hunch that making a big ado about not supporting u2018 capitalism ’ because the word is misused and preferring to support whatever alternative word its critics agree upon will further alienate proponents of economic liberty , on the part of both like - minded individuals and potential converts .
People who do this will just look pedantic , as if they are trimming their sails to be agreeable .
u2018 Um …yeah , I like supported Capitalism before it was cool … then everyone else started digging it .
But they did n’t really get it , ya know ?
So now I ’m into Anti-Capitalist - Market - Anarchy .
It ’s really rare , I doubt you ’ve heard of it . ’ "
Now , back to me .
This is Walter Block , writing again .
While my co-author and I are taking on Sheldon Richman on this issue , we might as well widen the debate , and consider the mistaken views of some others .
According to one contributor to Sheldon ’s web : Since " leftists like Noam Chomsky and right - wingers like Glen Beck keep calling themselves u2018libertarian , ’ let ’s ditch that moniker , too , and reclaim u2018 liberal ’ to mean both personal and economic liberty . "
( By the way , Milton Friedman is another who promiscuously used the word " libertarian " to apply to himself .
See on this here , here and here . )
But , if we are losing " libertarian " what makes us think we can re-attain " liberal " ?
Why not play defense as well as offense ?
Try to keep both .
The more words we can use to express ourselves the better .
We already have " capitalism . "
Sheldon is willing to jettison it even when no one else is trying to seize it from us .
In the view of one over - the - transom remark : " Since the word “ capitalism ” does not have the meaning we intend , ( we should ) cease using it incorrectly .
From its historical roots and etymological derivation it does not and has not meant u2018 free markets . ’"
Yes , but the meanings of words change , according to usage .
There is no intrinsic meaning of a word .
For example , black people have been called the N word , negroes , Negroes , African - Americans , blacks .
The same object , different appellations .
Even the objection mentioned just above takes cognizance of the malleability of language , as this one does not .
The next objection comes from Clarence B. Carson who published " Capitalism : Yes and No " some 25 years ago in the Freeman .
He praises " lucid discourse " and on this ground prefers " free enterprise " to " capitalism " as a description of our perspective .
Well , I ’m as much in favor of " lucid discourse " as is the next fellow , I suppose .
But there is something I rank even higher : promoting liberty .
And when the two diverge , as I claim they do in this case , my way forward is clear .
Yes , " capitalism " may be more " in your face " than the " free enterprise " that was criticized above .
And , some people may be put off by it , preferring more gentle terminology .
But if there anything I have learned from the methodological individualism taught by Mises , it is that people are different .
Other people may need the " slap in the face " that , on this supposition , only " capitalism " can supply .
In Carson ’s view , there is a commonly accepted understanding of " free market " and it is a pretty good one : " A free market is a market open to all peaceful traders . "
This sounds good , but , I fear , Carson is living in a dream world , at least based on the common understanding of this word , in terms of exploitation .
In contrast , he avers , " capitalism … does not have a commonly accepted meaning . "
Well , yes , but , it has been used effectively , and neither does his favorite appellation , " free enterprise . "
I do n’t really regard the debate over nomenclature as a substantive one .
It merely concerns strategy , branding , labeling .
And , as with all such issues , it is difficult to say which side is definitively correct .
If we win , and economic freedom is maximized , will it be because of , or in spite of , our positions on this question ?
I think it will be difficult to ever know for sure .
However , my “ instinct ” is that we should keep for ourselves as many words as we can .
The most powerful argument on this score I save for last .
Sheldon Richman states : " ( Capitalism ) has never lost its taint , despite the efforts of Mises and Rand . "
Yes , yes , but as my co-author and I have shown above , every other word we use is also " tainted , " or problematic on other grounds .
What is " tainted " in the minds of the people is not the word .
Once they even partially understand the concept , the booboisie does n’t much like it .
" What are you , crazy ? , " they would say .
" Turning back the clock and getting rid of welfare , unemployment insurance , the central bank , the minimum wage law , social security , protective tariffs ?
We ’d have mass starvation .
Not make war all over the place ?
How else can we protect ourselves ?
You people are insane . "
So , I ask , who have been the people in the recent past who have done the most to promote our movement , whatever we call it ?
And , surely , it cannot be denied that Rand has converted the most ordinary people to our movement , and that Mises , along with Rothbard have made the most serious inroads amongst professional scholars .
So , here we have Richman , who has had , oh , I do n’t know , an impact of one millionth of a per cent of Rand plus Mises , criticizing them for poor word usage .
( I am not trying to denigrate Sheldon here ; my own impact has been much more like his than these two GIANTS of our movement . )
I hope and trust no one thinks me guilty of an ad hominem argument here .
I am not saying Richman is wrong , and Rand and Mises are right because they are more famous than him .
What I am saying , instead , is that one of the vehicles used by Rand and Mises in their successful promotion of liberty is the word " capitalism . "
Surely , this must count importantly in our debate .
Ayn Rand converted more people to libertarianism than anyone else , and she used that word often , and with great effect .
Indeed , if there was any one word associated with her , it was “ capitalism . ”
Are we really to believe that she would have converted even more people without the ceaseless and unrelenting use of this nomenclature ?
Although it is difficult to draw certain conclusions from contrary to fact history , it is difficult to see how this could have been the case then , or , indeed , is at present .
If there is one description of Ayn Rand that strikes to the core of her being , it is “ in your face . ”
She was no shrinking violet .
She made the case for the freedom philosophy in the most aggressive manner possible , bless her .
And , “ capitalism ” was a crucial element of that effort .
It makes far more sense to follow her in this regard , than to jettison this word , in an attempt to be historically “ accurate , ” or indeed , for any other reason .
That is , if we really want to promote liberty efficaciously .
The Best of Walter E. Block
Portrait of paranoia : Hendershott during his recent depo .
Kudos to Channel 12 for the being the first outlet to post portions of MCSO Chief Deputy David Hendershott 's videotaped deposition in the big Melendres vs. Arpaio racial - profiling lawsuit .
Hendershott was deposed by Steptoe & Johnson attorney David Bodney on behalf of the plaintiffs in the case , and I had initially anticipated Hendershott not to repeat his boss ' mistake and say a bunch of stupid stuff under oath , but apparently , it runs in the department !
Indeed , Hendershott took a page from ol ' Dick Nixon 's book , alleging that everyone 's out to get the sheriff .
You bet , it 's a conspiracy , folks , set to rival the " 9/11 was an inside job " crowd , and equally imaginary .
It stretches from Barack Obama to Janet Napolitano to Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon to Arizona ADL Regional Director Bill Straus .
Hey , Hendy , you forgot the Masons and the Bilderbergers , while you 're at it .
See , it was all part of an evil plan .
First , the feds give Arpaio 287 ( g ) authority , the sheriff runs amok with it pursuing brown folk , then the feds crack down on the MCSO .
Why , it 's practically entrapment !
Um , except for the fact that Arpaio got 287 ( g ) under Bush .
Unless , of course , Duh - bya was in on it too .
On the other hand , is it a conspiracy if a bunch of citizens and cops get together to try to put a lawbreaker in the can ?
Shucks , if that 's the case , perhaps Hendy has a point .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Tea Partiers protesting the health care bill in Washington hurled racist and homophobic epithets at two Democratic congressmen and spat on a black Democratic legislator prior to President Obama ’s speech before House Dems on Saturday afternoon .
Rep. John Lewis was called “ the N - word ” when he was on the floor of the House earlier today by “ a heckler from the Tea Party , a protester , ” Kristie Greco , a press secretary for House Majority Whip James Clyburn , said this afternoon .
Another protester spat at Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , another black Democrat , as he was walking from the Longsworth House building to attend Obama ’s speech .
In a separate incident , Rep. Barney Frank , who is openly gay , was called “ faggot , ” also as he was leaving the Longsworth building .
Clyburn , who spoke with Lewis after the incident , said that he outraged about the racist attacks on his colleagues .
“ I heard people saying things today I have not heard since March 15 , 1960 when I was marching to try to get off the back of the bus , ” he said .
“ This is incredible , this is shocking . ”
Tea Party leaders called their rally today “ the last chance ” to kill the health care bill , featuring speeches by Rep.
Steve King , Mike Pence , and other Republican members of Congress .
Clyburn suggested , however , that he and his colleagues were not surprised that such racist sentiments were behind some of the public outrage against the Democratic health care bill .
“ A lot of us have been saying for a long time that much of this is not about health care at all .
And I think that a lot of people out there today demonstrated this , ” Clyburn said at the Capitol Vistors Center after the speech , where protesters continued to shout “ vote no ” at the passing members of Congress .
Rather , he explained , the protesters ’ opposition was in reaction “ to extend a basic fundamental right to people who are less powerful . ”
When asked whether he felt apprehensive as a result of the racist attacks , Clyburn replied : “ As I said to one heckler , I ’m the hardest person in the world to intimidate . ”
Update : Post was updated with confirmation of the spitting incident .
Cleaver said that he would not press charges against the protester .
Pangur Ban
Written by an unknown ninth century monk .
there is some confusion about the attribution .
Some sources say it was found in the margins of a manuscript in the Monastery of St Paul , Carinthia , Austria .
Worse , it was on a copy of St. Paul 's Epistles ( in Irish no less - horrors ! ) .
Others say it was ' on the back ' of a page the monk was copying .
Another reference says the monk was a student and it was written at Reichenau Monastery , on Lake Constance .
Yet another sage even states it was done while the monk was working on the Book of Kells .
How to tell ?
Well first , we wo n't believe it was written ' while working on the Book of Kells ' ; that smacks of ' oyrish ' plastic .
Let us dismiss that now .
If he was a student we must assume the Epistle was a practice project , otherwise the precentor ( usually in charge of the librarii ) would not have allowed a student to copy such holy words .
If it wasnt a practice job then there would not have been a blank ' back of the page ' to hold the poem .
We 're going with a full antiquarii monk doing an official work .
He was a warm - hearted fellow who loved his cat and could not resist the tribute ; even if it was a little naughty to stick it into St. Paul 's Latin .
The other possibility we rather like is a student who fell out with the Abbot .
He crept into the monastery 's scriptorium while no one was about and penned his poem into another monk 's Holy work .
In any case , we 're told that the name Pangur would have been recognized as a cat 's name in those days .
Aideen ( our resident Irish speaker ) tells us the word ' ban ' means the cat was white .
In the translation , the cat is referred to as a male .
The choice of pronouns implies this but ( with cats ) this may not be correct .
Taken at face value , our cleric had a talented white tomcat .
There is an old saying : ' Never trust a man who does n't like cats . '
I suppose I can assume the Irish loved cats and so here 's to all Irish cats .
We trust you will enjoy ...
Pangur Ban
I and Pangur Ban , my cat ,
' Tis a like task we are at ;
Hunting mice is his delight ,
Hunting words I sit all night .
Better far than praise of men
' Tis to sit with book and pen ;
Pangur bears me no ill will ;
He , too , plies his simple skill .
' Tis a merry thing to see
At our task how glad are we ,
When at home we sit and find
Entertainment to our mind .
Oftentimes a mouse will stray
Into the hero Pangur 's way ;
Oftentimes my keen thought set
Takes a meaning in its net .
' Gainst the wall he sets his eye
Full and fierce and sharp and sly ;
' Gainst the wall of knowledge I
All my little wisdom try .
When a mouse darts from its den .
O how glad is Pangur then !
O what gladness do I prove
When I solve the doubts I love !
So in peace our tasks we ply ,
Pangur Ban , my cat and I ;
In our arts we find our bliss ,
I have mine , and he has his .
Practice every day has made
Pangur perfect in his trade ;
I get wisdom day and night ,
Turning Darkness into light . '
Translation by Robin Flowers ( we think )
Photograph : Charles W. Haggerty .
Russ ' father was a professional photographer .
This is ( was ) one of the family cats many years ago .
For more Poetry Click the Poetry Index .
February has been an interesting month for weather .
It was mostly cold and snow .
While Al Gore in his recent NYT op ed and his followers keep warning us of increased severe weather threats , the truth is indeed stranger than fiction .
For the first time ever recorded by NOAA , there has been no tornadoes in February .
This news is from the National Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman , Oklahoma , the world ’s leading experts in tornado research .
While it does n’t tell us anything about the rest of the 2010 season , it is consistent with the lower numbers seen in 2009 , which is below the average of recent years .
click for larger image – source : http://www.spc.ncep.noaa.gov/wcm/
For those wanting to examine a climate to tornado connection see : Tornadoes and global warming link – “ just not there ”
Also of interest is death rates due to severe weather : Going Down : Death Rates Due to Extreme Weather Events
=========================
No tornadoes in February 2010
By Harold Brooks from the NOAA U.S. Severe Weather Blog
There were no tornadoes reported in the United States in February 2010 .
Assuming that no late reports are received , it will be the first time in the National Weather Service ’s database that starts in 1950 that there has been a February without a tornado .
If we include Tom Grazulis ’s database of F2 and stronger tornadoes , the last time it ’s possible there was n’t a February tornado was 1947 .
The last tornado reported in the US was on 24 January , in north - central Tennessee .
The last calendar month without a tornado was January 2003 .
What does this tell us about the rest of the 2010 tornado season ?
Somewhere between a little and nothing at all .
Most years that have started out with few tornadoes have ended up average or below .
However , there have been big exceptions .
Most notably , in 2003 , we started out with no tornadoes in the first 45 days of the year .
Even as late as 29 April , it was the slowest start in the database ( after adjusting for report inflation , as discussed here . )
By the 11th of May , however , 2003 was well above normal following a remarkably active week .
So , even though it ’s been a slow start to the season , people still need to be aware of the threats that may happen later on .
What does it tell us about long - term trends ?
Again , essentially nothing .
The large - scale atmospheric pattern that persisted over the US for the month of February was unfavorable for tornadoes .
There ’s nothing in the scientific literature that provides information on any changes to expect with tornadoes in the future , so the no-tornado February ca n’t be interpreted in that light .
Harold Brooks is a research meteorologist with the NOAA National Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman , Oklahoma .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Hello again to all the KDE people .
We are here with a third interview .
Last time we had Tobias König , a KDE PIM developer .
Today it ’s the turn of Aleix Pol , a contributor to KDE EDU and KDevelop .
As usual , there is also the original interview in Italian if you prefer to read that .
Hello Aleix , can you introduce yourself to our readers ?
Aleix Pol Aleix Pol
Hi !
I'm Aleix Pol Gonzàlez and I'm a 23 year old computer science student in the UPC / FIB university in Barcelona .
Right now I 'm in Paris in an exchange program ( Erasmus ) trying to learn from some different points of view .
KDE - wise , I work in KAlgebra and KDevelop mainly .
Also I 'm working on Kamoso , an application to retrieve pictures from webcams that we started about a year ago with a friend , and Talk which is a presentation software I 've been using for presenting already , but which is still in its early stages .
( If anyone is interested , check http://gitorious.org/talk or just ask me ) .
When did you first hear about KDE ?
I first used KDE software in a Corel Linux installation I managed to make work on my ( and my father 's ) computer quite some years ago , I did n't realize it was KDE software until I started to use GNU / Linux actively around 6 years ago .
Since I moved to Mandrake as a distribution , I would n't leave KDE in any serious attempt .
In which part of KDE do you give your help ?
I think most of my contribution in KDE is inside KDevelop , mostly because of the freedom the GSoC program provides to the student in terms of making it really possible to spend as much time as you need with some stuff and make it rock for real .
How about KAlgebra ?
I started with KAlgebra though , and I still keep maintaining and developing it .
It 's like my monster , like Frankenstein's and it's a piece of code I love ( sometimes I wonder if that 's healthy ) .
Right now , I 'm trying to push it forward with some improvements in the language and from time to time I get to know some people who are interested in it , so long life to KAlgebra !
And Kamoso ?
Kamoso was a project I started with Álex Fiestas .
We talked about doing such an application many times and at some point we decided to lock ourselves in some room and get it done .
A curious story about it is that the first day we started coding Kamoso we did n't have any webcam at all , so we just created the interface .
In the next morning we got a webcam of course .
Now , since Software Compilation 4.4 is out , we will release some new version soon .
Changes we made in the kipi plugin architecture back in the digiKam meeting allow us to better integrate Kamoso in the KDE ecosystem .
We will integrate Kamoso with Kipi so to have the possibility to upload the captured movie to YouTube and Facebook .
Will there be a possibility to have a Phonon or Solid backend for webcams in Kamoso or does it use its own solution ?
Solid backend for webcams is already working and we 're using it to let the user choose what webcam he needs .
Just great , kudos to Solid !
About Phonon this is something really different .
Mainstream
Phonon does n't have any input facility , there 's some experimental work but we wo n't rely on that .
Plus Nokia is pushing a new Multimedia framework in parallel which does input but we 're not really sure about that either .
Right now we 're using some VLC library which does n't even ensure the minimal API compatibility between versions .
Even if it 's troublesome , we would like to stick to VLC for the moment until we have a good solution for that .
When will we see a stable release of KDevelop 4 ? ( the first version built on KDE Platform 4 )
KDevelop 4.0 will be released soon .
We 're discussing right now the dates on the mailing list .
It 's not fixed yet but should be before SC 4.5 anyway .
What are the difficulties in developing this kind of application ?
The problem about how to create a good IDE is one of the nicest I 've found when thinking how to design software .
You have to let the user be creative by himself , not to stop him to do anything he wants .
You have to elegantly , seamlessly embed the tools that the project is using .
You have to provide the needed knowledge to the user from what we have in the computer .
It 's really challenging and fruitful .
What is your specific role in the team ?
How many developers are there ?
In KDevelop I 've mostly maintained CMake support and worked together with the rest of the team to create a good IDE platform ( Run configurations , documentation support , project integration , version control , etc ) .
As a KDevelop user I usually try to fix any problem I find during my work in KDevelop or outside ( which is not so often anymore since we 're quite stable now :) .
In the KDevelop team we are 6 or 7 people plus some of them who come and go from time to time .
During my last talk at FOSDEM I was asked how can we compete with projects like Eclipse which have much more people working on it .
I think that we just have to take a look at the result , which I think is pretty amazing .
Of course we would do better with more people though , so if anyone is interested , just drop by on the list or IRC and say hi .
Of course , we should count also the Kate and KDELibs developers , that would make a better number .
What programming languages are now supported in KDevelop ?
Short answer : Officially right now we just provide full language support for C++.
Long answer : we have some half baked language support in playground for PHP ( that will likely go official soon ) , Python , Java , C# , etc .
If anyone is interested in having one of these in KDevelop just take a look at it and contribute anything you feel like .
Could QtCreator replace KDevelop in the next years ?
Or do these two IDEs have different target markets ?
Yes , QtCreator could take some KDevelop users .
But of course a free software project dies when its codebase dies .
And KDevelop is really alive right now , we 're happy about it and we still have lots of ideas to push it forward .
It 's sad Nokia decided to break the community like that but I 'm sure we all will find our place in the whole user range .
If someone has a need for an IDE , we would like KDevelop to fill it for sure .
We created a platform for that , which will be the base for Quanta too , once it 's ready .
It 's a really nice base , provides features to create IDE 's with abstractions like projects , UI , languages etc that make it easily extendable to any purpose related to the subject .
We can create anything we need over that platform .
Now that KDE software is available also on Mac OS and Windows could this thing give more resources to the development or make more difficult to have an application working on all platforms ?
KDevelop should work on Windows and MacOS X too , but it 's not really official since we do n't have users on these platforms .
I have seen KDevelop running in MacOS X and Windows so making it as useful as in Linux is just a matter of time .
What parts of the KDE Software Compilation could be improved ?
KDE SC has evolved a lot since 4.0 .
Now it 's really mature and flexible and probably would fit much of the needs for anyone .
I think we will have to get better at integrating remote data services , because it's were the whole industry is going and KDE has a really privileged place for that because of its freedom and openness .
This should cause some discussion about what services should be adapted or not so that KDE keeps being free ( as in freedom ) .
Another area that is really missing is the multimedia input ( as I mentioned before ) .
There is plenty of libraries and stuff to make it work but we do n't have a ' KDE way ' yet , that makes any choice hard to make and less portable .
Which KDE applications are doing very good job ?
Are there any that need lots of love and help ?
KDE as a project I think is doing a great job , looks like we 're all moving together and that 's great .
Most prominent projects are Amarok and Plasma right now I guess , at least they are the ones with more active people ( and some of them paid , which always helps ) .
There are plenty of areas that need more love .
First of all Kopete , it 's a project that it 's really nice and needed but I think it could do better and I 'd really like to see it improved .
I try to find some time for it but sadly , days just have 24h .
Another area that I 'd like to see improving is KDE - Edu in the marketing area .
We have a unique suite of free applications for schools , teachers and students to use but we have too much problems to reach them .
Did your contributions feature in SC 4.4 ?
Have you got plans for KDE SC 4.5 ?
Most of my work has been focused on KAlgebra which got some work in form of a Cantor frontend and some language improvements , as I said I 'd like to make from the KAlgebra language something useful and some stuff got in already .
In KDevelop there were some improvements and bugfixing but now that KDevelop is in extragear I guess this does n't count anymore as contributions in KDE SC , right ?
Are you paid to contribute to KDE ?
Not now .
I 've been paid in the past through GSoC though .
What motivates / keeps you motivated to work on KDE ?
I think that the great advantage of being part of KDE is that you can reach the end user far easier , every contribution I make it 's because I enjoy to contribute to the project itself or because I think that my contribution will make life easier in some way .
I have to admit that whenever I receive some e-mail asking about KAlgebra and saying they like it , it makes my day .
If you could choose where you can live what place you will choose and why ?
I 'm not sure I can say that right now .
I think my life will change quite a lot once my studies are over so I wo n't close any door .
Of course somewhere with nice weather would help me get out , which is not always easy , and that would affect my productivity in KDE , of course .
I guess somewhere around the Mediterranean will feel always like home to me , I can't help it .
Have you ever stayed in Italy ?
If so , where ?
I 've been in Italy a couple of times .
The first time I came with some family and we visited some areas in the north of the country ( Venezia , Lago di Como ) , really beautiful .
The second time I came with some university friends to Rome .
I actually really like the country ( oh come on !
I could n't say else ! ) , but I still remember it always for the great food .
What 's been the last book you read ?
The last book I read was a book about Programming Language design from Michael L. Scott .
Other than technical books , the last one I read was coincidentally La Repubblica ( “ La República ” in Catalan ) by Machiavelli , which is very related to your country and I enjoyed by the way .
Aleix , thank you for your time and good luck for your projects .
This article is an edited version of two articles published by Opera Web Evangelist , Bruce Lawson , reproduced with permission .
All rights reserved .
This article was updated 27 May 2014 to use the < main > element to denote the main content of the page ( was previously < div > ) .
Much of HTML 5 ’s feature set involves JavaScript API s that make it easier to develop interactive web pages but there are a slew of new elements that allow you extra semantics in your conventional Web 1.0 pages .
In order to investigate these , let ’s look at marking up a blog .
Firstly what we ’ll do is use the header , footer , main and nav elements to mark up the broad structure of the page .
Doing this will make your site more accessible to real people who use some assistive technologies .
Next , we ’ll make the blog comments form much smarter by using the new data types and built - in validation available in HTML 5 - aware browsers .
Then we ’ll do some work on the guts of the page , using HTML 5 ’s article elements to better mark up blog posts and comments and show how to use the sectioning elements to better structure accessible hierarchical headings on sites that are CMS - driven .
As blogs are chronologically ordered , we ’ll see what HTML 5 offers us for representing dates and times .
So take the phone of the hook , and make a cup of tea and we ’ll get started .
Setting the DOCTYPE HTML 5 , when used as plain HTML rather than its XHTML 5 sibling does n’t need a DOCTYPE .
But all browsers do , otherwise they go into Quirksmode , which you do n’t want : the collision of HTML 5 and Quirksmode is like matter and anti-matter meeting , and will cause a negative reality inversion that will make your underwear catch fire .
You ’ve been warned , so at the top of your document , you need the line <! DOCTYPE html > .
Some sites “ use ” HTML 5 , when in actual fact all they ’ve done is take their existing code and change the DOCTYPE .
That ’s fine and dandy if you ’ve been using valid , semantic code as HTML 5 is very similar to valid HTML 4.01 .
Eric
Meyer mentions small differences like “ not permitting a value attribute on an image submit ” , and there are a few differences between the languages , summarised in the document HTML 5 differences from HTML 4 .
However , I do n’t want simply to rebadge my existing code , but to use some of the new structural elements now .
Using some new structural elements
My blog – like millions of others – has a header denoted by < div id =" header " > , a footer < div id =" footer " > , some articles ( wrapped by an area called “ content ” , < div id =" content " > ) and some navigation ( wrapped up in an area called “ sidebar ” < div id =" sidebar " > ) .
Most sites on the Web have similar constructs , although depending on your choice they might be called " branding " or " info " or " menu " , or you might use the equivalent words in your own language .
Although these all have very different functions within the page , they use the same generic div in the markup .
as HTML 4 has no other way to code them .
HTML 5 has new elements for distinguishing these logical areas : header , nav , footer and friends .
( There ’s more on this in an artice by Lachlan Hunt on A List Apart : A Preview of HTML 5 . )
The overall aim is to replace this structure : with this :
It ’s a simple matter to change the HTML div s into the new elements .
The only difficulty I had was deciding which element to use to mark up my sidebar , as it also includes a search field and “ colophon ” information as well as site - wide navigation .
I decided against the aside element , as the spec says it “ represents a section of a page that consists of content that is tangentially related to the content around the aside element , and which could be considered separate from that content ” , but it ’s nevertheless content rather than navigation .
So I decided to go for the nav element as the closest fit .
I ’ve wrapped the main content in a < main > element , which maps to the ARIA role=main so that screenreaders and other assistive technologies can easily find the main content .
Note that you should only use this element once per page .
New form attributes
As well as the main structural item on the page , I ’ve added some new attributes on input elements in the comments form .
HTML 5 was designed to reflect what developers actually do rather than to reflect a philosophical purity , and that ’s very clearly manifested in the new attributes which mean the browser takes up much of the work currently done by developers re-inventing validation routines in JavaScript .
( Extending forms functionality was how the HTML 5 spec began ) .
So I amended the email input field in the comments to be input type = " email " which means that when the user submits the form , an HTML 5 - aware browser will use built - in validation routines to check that it ’s in the correct format , without any JavaScript .
Check it out in the current version of Opera , as that the only full implementation at the time of writing ( June 2009 ) , and note that it also adds a “ mail ” icon in the input field as a cue to the user .
There are similar input validation routines triggered by some of the new input types , such as url ( which I use on the field that asks for the user ’s web address ) , number and pattern which compares the input with an arbitrary regular expression .
Another good example is input type = " date " , which pops up a calendar widget / date picker when the user focusses on the input field .
You can test the date picker , or here ’s a screenshot from Opera 9.6 : A very useful new attribute I used on both input fields for commenter ’s name and email address , and the comment textarea was type =" required " which generates a message on submission if the fields are left blank .
Each different localisation of a browser would need to have a different message , and it ’s not ( so far ) customisable by the developer .
The good thing with all this new form fabulousness is it ’s all formed around new attributes on an exisiting element , so people using older browsers just see a plain old input field .
A note on screenreaders and HTML 5 I hope screenreaders are ready for these new interactions ; I asked the html 5 group to formally invite screenreader vendors to participate in the specification ; to my knowledge , none have done so .
However , using < header < , < footer > , < nav > and < main > gives real benefits to some assistive technology users .
Laying out the new elements
It ’s not too hard to layout the new elements .
In all the non - IE browsers , you can lay out anything using CSS – even a nonsense element .
One gotcha is that that the current crop of browsers have no “ knowledge ” of these elements , although support is improving all the time .
All browsers have default settings for the elements they “ know about ” — how much padding , margin they element gets , does it display as a block or inline ?.
( Here ’s a sample default stylesheet . )
Unless over - ridden by CSS , these defaults apply .
But the browsers do n’t know about header , nav and the like , so have no defaults to apply to them .
I got terrible rendering oddities until I explicitly told the browsers header , footer , nav , article , main {display : block ; } IE layout
There ’s one gotcha about styling HTML 5 pages in IE : it does n’t work .
You can force it to quite easily with a JavaScript hack document.createElement ( ' element name ' ) .
( Lachlan Hunt gets to the bottom of why IE needs this . )
For your convenience , Remy Sharp has written an HTML 5 enabling script which I use in the header to conjure all the missing elements into existence all at once .
But let ’s be clear : this wo n’t work if your IE user does n’t have JavaScript turned on .
How much of that ’s a big deal that is for you to decide .
Pragmatically , it seems to me that the sites that will benefit the most from HTML 5 ’s new “ Ajax ” - style features , such as drag - and - drop , are the sites that currently have no hope of working without JavaScript .
Firefox 2 and Camino 1 layout Firefox 2 and Camino 1 both use Gecko 1.9 which has a bug and so gets grumpy if you do n’t serve the page as XHTML .
( Go figure ; that ’s almost enough to trigger a negative reality inversion and you know how bad that can be ) .
However , Firefox and Camino users upgrade frequently so Firefox is in version 3 , while Camino 2 beta is out , so the problem will soon cease to exist .
( Read more at How to get HTML5 working in IE and Firefox 22 by Remy Sharp . )
What ’s the point of those new structural elements ?
Well , they add semantics to the page .
The browser now knows which area of your site is the header or the footer because there are header and footer elements , whereas div might be called “ branding ” and “ legal ” , or even “ en-tete ” and “ pied - de- page ” or “ kopfzeile ” and “ fusszeile “ .
But so what ?
Robin Berjon expressed it beautifully in a comment on A List Apart : Pretty much everyone in the Web community agrees that “ semantics are yummy , and will get you cookies ” , and that ’s probably true .
But once you start digging a little bit further , it becomes clear that very few people can actually articulate a reason why .
So before we all go another round on this , I have to ask : what ’s it you wanna do with them darn semantics ?
The general answer is “ to repurpose content ” .
That ’s fine on the surface , but you quickly reach a point where you have to ask “ repurpose to what ? ” …
I think HTML should add only elements that either expose functionality that would be pretty much meaningless otherwise ( e.g. canvas ) or that provide semantics that help repurpose for Web browsing uses .
In my view , there are a couple of things I want to do with those semantics .
The first is for search engine use ; it ’s easy to imagine Messrs Google or Yahoo !
giving lower weighting to content in footer elements , or extra weight to content in the header .
The second reason is to make the site navigable for people with disabilities .
People with learning difficulties might instruct their browser always to put the articles before the navigation , for example .
User agents might very well have a keyboard shortcut which jumped straight to the nav for example , or jumped straight past the navigation , in a programmatic implementation of “ skip links “ .
Which brings me to …
An interesting article on using the Internet to revolutionize ecological monitoring was published online last spring , and while it received a fair bit of media attention , it passed me by ( and I assume many others as well ) .
The research article was just published in print in the latest copy of Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment , and I think it merits greater attention in the conservation community .
Researchers have proposed a visionary approach that would use automated web crawlers to look at the flow of information across the Internet and detect early warning signals of impending environmental problems before they become catastrophic .
The approach would work as a sort of alert system for particular types of ecological problems that can have quick onset and lead to severe damage - for example , the collapse of a fishery , mass coral bleaching , the invasion of a particularly harmful species like Asian carp entering the Great Lakes , etc .
Typically , conservationists react to these problems after they have already occurred and passed over a threshold of irreversibility .
Victor Galaz and fellow researchers contend that the internet offers a revolutionary opportunity to monitor signals of impending ecological problems ahead of time .
Environmental issues like the collapse of a fishery are associated with a complex web of social , economic , and ecological factors that are extremely difficult to track with conventional monitoring methods .
However , much of this information is communicated online everyday across countless website .
Web crawlers - the automated programs used by companies like Google to scour the millions of websites across the internet everyday - may be the key to mining this valuable information otherwise hidden in the nooks and crannies of the web .
The researchers give a hypothetical example of using web crawlers to detect signals for a sudden decline in a fishery through observation of rapid changes in prices , landings , or investments in equipment .
This web - based monitoring approach has already been adopted in the public health sector where it's used to detect early outbreaks of diseases by crawling news wires , websites , local online newspapers , and public health e-mail information services .
The study authors note that system " currently captures the first hints of about 40 % of the 200 – 250 outbreaks subsequently investigated and verified by WHO each year . "
So the question arises of whether a similar approach could be applied to the field of conservation .
For this system to work , we would need to better understand the types of online information that could serve as reliable indicators of ecological decline .
This currently sits as a virtually untapped field of inquiry .
Even if we do identify these online indicators , the question arises of how we integrate this information into a coordinated response .
This is where the highly decentralized conservation movement faces serious challenges compared to the public health sector .
The authors note , " A relatively strong international organization for human health , with an international mandate – the WHO ... is in stark contrast with global environmental governance , which suffers from implementation deficits , serious coordination failures , and inadequate funding . "
Clearly , using web crawlers as a coordinated ecological monitoring system is still an idea in its infancy .
Nevertheless the approach offers exciting promise about the future of conservation work .
-- Reviewed by Rob Goldstein
Galaz , V. , Crona , B. , Daw , T. , Bodin , Ö. , Nyström , M. , & Olsson , P. ( 2010 ) .
Can web crawlers revolutionize ecological monitoring ?
Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment , 8 ( 2 ) , 99 -104 DOI : 10.1890/070204
Show full PR text
Nexus
One now compatible with the AT&T 3G network and shipping to Canada
In early January , we announced the Nexus One , the first device sold through Google 's web store .
The Nexus One is unlocked , which means you can use it with a SIM card from most GSM operators worldwide .
Currently the device is compatible with most 3G networks , including T - Mobile in the US .
However , there are some carriers that have different 3G frequencies , such as AT&T in the US and Rogers Wireless in Canada , so users with these SIM cards can only access 2G or EDGE networks on their Nexus One .
Starting today , an additional version of the Nexus One is available from the Google web store that is compatible with AT&T's 3G network .
This new model can be purchased as an unlocked device without a service plan .
In addition to AT&T 's 3G network , this device will also run on Rogers Wireless in Canada .
And like the first version of the Nexus One , it can be used with most GSM operators globally .
Additionally , Nexus
One devices can now be shipped to Canada from Google 's web store , and will work with a SIM from Rogers Wireless .
To find out which version you should purchase , based on your mobile service provider , please visit our Help Center .
Hamas have been gradually tightening restrictions enforcing Islamic codes
The Palestinian Islamist movement Hamas has said it is to ban male hairdressers from working in salons where women get their hair styled .
The announcement is part of a campaign by Hamas to introduce more Islamic customs to the Gaza Strip .
The Interior Ministry have said there will be legal consequences for anyone who disobeys the new rule , but they have not specified what they might be .
In Islamic tradition women cannot show their hair to men not in their family .
Since the Islamist movement took over the Gaza Strip in 2007 , they have introduced a number of rules that move toward tightening customary Islamic restrictions on the way men and women interact .
But they have been patchily enforced and are not statutory laws .
Pressure
These include banning women 's underwear from display , demands that men dress modestly when swimming in the sea and that girls wear long dresses for school .
The BBC's Jon Donnison in the Gaza Strip reports that human rights groups there are complaining that people 's freedom is being restricted .
Hamas is coming under internal pressure to show their commitment to Islamic customs , it has been reported .
Fashion
Fashion is the system of production , dissemination and consumption of clothing .
The study of fashion is not merely concerned with designers and the clothes they produce ; we also have to consider how we consume fashion and adapt it to our own needs .
The inherent influences and meanings change with time , social needs , technology and place .
Tommy Hilfiger is a wealthy fashion designer who has been in the business for 40 odd years .
His sister , Dorothy has suffered with MS all her live and Hilfiger wanted to do something to further the research to find a cure .
He said he had been so fortunate he wanted to do something in honor of his sister and give to a worthy cause .
He choose to join hands with Nancy Davis the founder of " The Nancy Davis Foundation for Multiple Sclerosis .
To date they have raised more than $ 30 million dollars to help find a cure for MS .
Published by aptsjaime in Trends
As the second - most common cancer for women ( behind skin cancer ) , breast cancer is a threat to our mothers , aunts , sisters , grandmothers and girlfriends .
According to The American Cancer Society , more than 192,000 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer this year , and about 41,000 will die .
However , the mortality rate could decrease by 30 percent if all women 50 and older had a mammogram each year .
This kind of education is crucial in fighting against breast cancer , and the Komen Greater Cincinnati organization certainly plays its part in hosting multiple , fun - filled events each year around October , or Breast Cancer Awareness Month , to further aid in research and information .
A stylish look perks you up and makes you feel good about yourself , so be careful about the underwear you choose .
Your whole look can be ruined by the wrong bra or panty .
Most of us at one time or another , take a good look in the mirror and wonder what in the world happened .
Sometimes this can be remedied by getting the right fitting underwear and and a little makeup .
Got one , got two , got neither ?
Which one do men prefer–boobs or butts ?
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Dozens of rioting Palestinians have attacked a police car which was stopped at a dead end after chasing a stolen truck in Samaria .
The police car was severely damaged and police officers fired in the air to keep the rioters at bay before being rescued unharmed by IDF troops .
The incident occurred overnight Tuesday when a police patrol unit from Kfar Saba received a report of a stolen truck from the Sharon region .
The unit managed to track down the truck and began to chase it through Checkpoint 407 and into the West Bank .
The chase continued until a village near Azun , where police managed to catch one of the suspected car thieves .
The other suspect fled .
Suddenly the car was surrounded by dozens of villagers who came out oftheir houses and began to hurl rocks at the police officers in the carwhile blocking them in .
After the intervention of the IDFsoldiers , it became clear that the suspected truck thief was none otherthan the brother of a former policeman , who was a friend of theofficers involved in the chase .
A Budget to be Reckoned With
When HBO announced that it was ordering a season of George R.R. Martin‘s Game of Thrones on March 2nd , the news was greeted with jubilation across fandom , on the internet and off .
But the green light provided a host of new questions , such as when new cast members would be announced , when new production stills might be seen , and the like .
And among them , a fairly significant question : what would the budget be ?
We received answers pretty quickly .
Nelson McCausland , a government minister , shared that the per-season budget was expected to be circa £ 30 million , equivalent to $ 45 million U.S.
With a ten episode order , this would average at $ 4.5 m an episode , a significant amount of money by most standards in the industry .
On top of this , we had additional reports that the production was estimated to inject as much as £ 20 m ( $ 30 m ) into the economy , an interesting figure that has provided one of our own estimates regarding just what this budget means .
The thing that has to be realized when trying to decide what the budget means in terms of the production is that a host of factors make this production different than other , comaparably - budgetted HBO productions such as Carnivàle and Deadwood .
Chief among them ?
A foreign location , Northern Ireland , which has only recently pushed to become a major location for international film production .
With this fledgling industry comes a great deal of opportunity as far as production costs go .
The Northern Ireland government has made many efforts entice productions through generous tax breaks , cash incentives , and other support .
So , what ’s the purchasing power of a $ 45 million production in Northern Ireland , compared to a show in the United States ?
Good question , and one we ’re going to try our best to answer .
We welcome comments , additional analysis , and any relevant facts and figures that can help develop our first try further .
Production Costs
After much searching , we came across a U.K. Film Council 2007 economic report that is very illuminating .
Some caveats first : it ’s three years out of date , we ’re not absolutely sure of the situation regarding the Film Tax Relief program that it focuses on ( we believe it ’s still in place ) , and obviously it ’s generalizing the whole of the U.K. rather than just Northern Ireland where a good portion of the budget will be spent .
That £ 20 m / $ 30 m figure is useful .
While “ economic impact ” can be an incredibly complex calculation when economists try to size up what amount of economic activity a given event , business , or production might lead to ( see p. 72 of the above PDF ) , we ’ve reason to believe that this particular statement is straightforward : £ 20 m / $ 30 m of the budget will be spent in the U.K .
Perhaps not coincidentally , that ’s a pretty “ round ” figure — it ’s exactly 2 /3rds of the budget .
It also happens to very closely match a figure in the Film Council report , from p. 72 again : “ Production spend on inward investment films accounted for 68 % of total production spend in 2006 . ”
Given this , we ’re guessing that this estimate is based on the same sort of statistics Oxford Economics presented to the U.K. Film Council .
It ’s Cheaper
An important thing to keep in mind is that Northern Ireland is a cheaper location to shoot in than the United States , at least as of 2007 , and according to the report om p. 71 , by 2010 they projected the U.K. to be as much as 15 % cheaper to film in than in the U.S. before additional tax incentives were considered .
Yet they make another note that suggests there ’s a bit more benefit than that on p. 69 : production costs closely relate to average wages .
Northern Ireland , where a majority of the production budget is expected to be spent , has the lowest average wages of any region in the United Kingdom , approximately 7 - 8 % less than the U.K. average .
It seems to us that this could mean that the purchasing power of that £ 20 m / $ 30 m spent in Northern Ireland might be worth nearer to £ 23.8 m / $ 35.7 m in terms of what it can purchase in Northern Ireland compared to the United States .
And this is before we factor in Film Tax Relief .
What would that be worth to the production ?
Again , the £ 20 m figure helps .
Northern Ireland Screen provides the basic formula , indicating that for a production over £ 20 m , “ divide by 5 to calculate the amount of tax relief . ” £ 20 m spent in Northern Ireland means a £ 4 m / $ 6 m tax credit .
The credit does n’t directly correspond to actual pounds / dollars that could be spent , we suspect , but the offset on taxes applied to the production could have a nearly similar effect .
For the sake of simplicity , then , lets suppose that the production is more nearly equivalent to a £ 42.8 / $ 64.2 million production , with the additional purchasing power having to do with the major production costs ( filming , sets , costumes and props , possibly visual effects when shots are sourced to U.K. - based VFX companies , and wages ) that eat up 2 /3rds of the budget .
Wait , There ’s More
But there ’s more to consider .
Northern Ireland sweetened the deal , we ’re told , by giving a cash incentive of £ 1.6 / $ 2.4 m .
After some research , we ’re speculating that this means that Northern Ireland Screen has twice awarded its maximum award out of its television production fund , listed as a maximum of £ 800,000 / $ 1.2 m for a production of this size .
How do they arrive at that ?
At a guess , their first award was for the pilot , and their second is for the rest of the series .
Whether this money is to be considered a part of the already - stated budget , or if the HBO production is putting it on top of it , is anyone ’s guess .
If the latter ?
Now the production is nearer the £ 44.4 m / $ 66.6 m mark in terms of equivalence to a production shout in the U.S. just a few years ago .
There ’s something else interesting about this cash incentive .
If we ’re right about how they came to this figure , it potentially tells us something about the cost of the pilot : it cost a bare minimum of £ 3.2 m / $ 4.8 m .
Given that pilots are generally disproportionately more expensive than the regular episodes due to the high starting cost investments , it seems probable that the pilot was significantly more expensive than that mark — perhaps as much as twice as effective , given the estimate that the pilot alone was “ worth ” as much as £ 10 million .
Wait , There ’s MORE
There ’s another factor to consider , namely the cost of leasing studio space .
The bulk of the production is going to center on the Paint Hall , a massive studio facility .
Initial reports implied that part of the deal to land the pilot in Northern Ireland was having the space heavil subsidized .
Whether this continues to be the case now that the series is going into production is a question .
As the Northern Ireland Screen brochure for the hall suggests , rental rates are negotiated on a production - by - production basis , and we ’re going to be optimistic and suppose that Northern Ireland Screen has helped the production land a lower - than - usual rate for the facility .
How much that helps with the below - the - line costs is a mystery to us ( if anyone can offer a ballpark estimate , we ’d be keen to hear it ) , but every penny counts .
How Does It Compare ?
The big question , then .
How does this amount of purchasing power compare to past television programs ?
The Russian fan site , 7 Kingdoms , has made a handy chart comparing the raw , reported budget to that of past and current series .
Deadwood has always struck us as being just about the right budget level for this series , with an extensive cast of regulars , a significant set build , and a great need for period props and clothing .
As you can see , the raw budget is only slightly lower than that of Deadwood .
On top of that , Deadwood ‘s budget covered a 12 episode season , with reports that the average episode was $ 5 m , only half a million dollars higher than the raw $ 4.5 m per episode of Game of Thrones .
On the other hand , factoring in inflation , Deadwood ‘s budget is closer to $ 5.7 m an episode .
But when you factor tax incentives …
When Deadwood was filmed , very few states had any significant tax incentives in place .
California , where the series was filmed , did not have any notable incentives at the time of filming .
So , the $ 5 m per episode budget is fairly representative of the actual purchasing power they had .
In this case , Game of Thrones could be said to have a significantly higher per-episode purchasing capability , as much as $ 6 + million , which is higher than even the inflation - adjusted budget .
Much the same can be said for the early 20th century fantasy of Carnivàle , which had extensive location shooting and a very large cast by any standard .
That show was budgeted in its first season at $ 4 million an episode ( $ 4.7 inflationed adjusted ) at a time when there were no noteworthy tax breaks for production in the U.S .
On the other hand , the costly Rome had a rumored $ 8.7 m budget per episode ( $ 9.6 m inflation - adjusted ) , about twice that of Game of Thrones .
But besides the expensive shooting location , at the time Italy had no significant tax incentives applicable to the television production — that raw budget was very close to their actual working budget .
And on top of all that , part of the cost entailed a huge permanent set ( with the intention of being able to lease it out for future productions to defray costs ) , a cost which Game of Thrones is not likely to entail .
Last but not least , there ’s signs that in its first season , Rome did not use its budget wisely .
VFX producers for the show remarked that they were surprised by how little they were used in the first season , suggesting that they felt the show would have been more cost - effective if less money had been devoted to the lavish sets and more money was used to digitally render and composite such backgrounds .
If Game of Thrones uses its budget wisely — and with experienced personnel like Thomas McCarthy , Julia Frey , Robert Stromberg , and Mark Huffam , they ’re certainly capable of it — it could close the monetary gap between it and Rome with more effecient , quality production values .
As to current productions , consider The Tudors , set in a similar sort of milieu with lavish period costuming .
Filming in the Republic of Ireland , where tax incentives are roughly similar to that of Northern Ireland , the show was touted to have a $ 35 million budget for its first season of ten episodes .
That ’s a 22 % lower per-episode raw budget than Game of Thrones , money which will doubtless be well - spent in all parts of the production to match the epic scope of a series which is likely to need more in the way of VFX , sets , and location shoots to represent the many different locales which the story shows .
After adjusting for tax relief and other incentives , we would suppose that Game of Thrones likely has a little bit nearer 25 % greater purchasing power on a per-episode basis .
Or how about True Blood , HBO ’s major modern - day horror / fantasy ?
It ’s been a huge hit , and may well have led to HBO ’s interest in Game of Thrones .
Rumor placed its first season per-episode budget at about $ 3 million .
Of course , it needs much less in the way of original costuming and props , and probably rather more modest costs for sets and locations .
Yet again , though , Game of Thrones is comparing very favorably with modern hour - long series for the most part .
There ’s just one exception for a regular series which is significantly more expensive : Boardwalk Empire .
Its pilot — that ’s just the first episode — cost $ 18 million dollars .
A jaw - dropping figure , especially compared to a pilot for Game of Thrones that was perhaps a third of that , or less .
However , that upfront cost had a lot to do with the massive set they built , a cost which will be amortized across the first season , giving the show something nearer to a $ 5 million per episode budget .
That ’s perfectly on par with Game of Thrones ( whose purchasing power may , in fact , be even greater ) .
The Elephants in the Attic
But lets keep some perspective : like Rome , a huge and costly permanent set was built from scratch , proof that HBO never had any doubts about picking up this show .
Produced by Martin Scorsese , who directed the first episode , this is a prestige production , squarely aimed at capturing the same acclaim , subscribers , and DVD sales that The Sopranos or Band of Brothers brought them .
After the huge initial spend , it ’s very probable that the rest of the first season will be rather less costly , bringing the budget down to less stratospheric height when looked across the season .
A $ 75 m - $ 80 m tally seems likely , and the following seasons may be notably lower if the series goes forward ( which it ’s almost certainly set to do ) .
The chart does show that the incredible John Adams miniseries was extraordinarily costly .
Every penny was on the screen .
But it does go to show that , while the lavish production values are something to aim for ( as we ’ve discussed in our visual effects article ) , the reality is that with something between a third and half of the per-episode budget ( nearer a third , as we expect that by the time John Adams filmed the state (s ) in which it was shot had nearly - comparable tax incentives on hand ) there ’s only going to be so much that Game of Thrones can do in comparison .
John Adams is an ideal , and it gives some useful ideas for how greenscreen and rendered elements may play a role in the show , but it ’s not our best comparison .
The same could be said for Band of Brothers and The Pacific , the latter of which is the most expensive mini-series ever with a rumored per-episode budget near the $ 20 million mark .
These mini-series are in a class all of their own , and HBO is investing accordingly .
To Sum Up
Those are huge , prestigious productions .
Game of Thrones is lavish by any reasonable standard , up there with acclaimed period programs such as Deadwood .
Consider the networks : HBO ’s productions are positively extravagant compared to their shows .
Heroes was considered very expensive at $ 4 million per episode , and has had cutbacks since .
Lost in its first season was rumored to cost about $ 5 million an episode , and that with quite a large cast and extensive location shooting .
Game of Thrones has an extraordinary budget , its reported £ 30 m / $ 45 m budget potentially equivalent to a budget 18 - 45 % higher elsewhere in the world .
We think 20 - 25 % higher is the most solid calculation we can support , making fewer assumptions regarding the Paint Hall facility lease , the application of the Film Tax Relief and cash incentive , and simply looking at it primarily in terms of lower production costs due to average wages and such other figures the economic report hints at .
Using this middle - of - the - road , safe estimate , it means the £ 30 / $ 45 m production is equivalent to one that ’s as expensive as one that osts $ 5.4 - $ 5.6 m per hour in the U.S .
In which case , it ’s absolutely among the “ A - list ” of regular series television productions in the U.S. and around the world .
The series is being hailed as the most expensive hour - long regular television series to ever be filmed in Europe , something which we have n’t verified but so far we ’ve not found anything to contradict it as of yet .
So if you ’re worried about the budget ?
Do n’t be .
HBO ’s investing major funds into this , making the show its second - most expensive regular hour - long series on the air , and its third - most richly budgeted regular hour - long once the cheaper , foreign shooting location , the tax relief , and other production breaks are factored in .
I have developed a deep respect for Judith Butler , feminist philosopher and gender theory developer .
I do not agree with her in everything .
I do believe , for instance , that her strong focus on " gender as a peformance " makes it harder to discuss the biological side of the complex interplay between genes , epigenetics , hormones , mind , culture and society that shapes a gender identity .
But here observations about how language , narratives and power leads to the oppression of women ( and people in general ) are very helpful .
She is a hard read , though , which is why the interviews we have are so useful .
I am not sure Alona Ferber of the New Statesman really knew what she was letting herself into when she approached Butler for an interview .
The recent British debate on feminism , gender and transgender lives has been colored by the vicious attacks of " trans - exclusionary radical feminists " ( TERFs ) , and the way Ferber asks her questions it may look like she thinks J.K. Rowling and the TERFs represent mainstream feminism .
Butler , however , will hear nothing of it .
She clearly and systematically describes a feminism that is inclusive of transgender women and where the TERFs are seen as allies of Trump and the transphobic extreme right .
This means a lot , because Butler is one of the most respected and influential gender philosophers in our time .
When she says that the " gender critical " TERFs have misunderstood the basis of feminism , it is much harder to dismiss the arguments made against them .
Not that there is anything new in what she says .
Trans activists have made the same arguments for years .
But she presents them in a " I need to bookmark this " manner .
I have published a summary of the interview over at Trans Express that gives you the most important highlights of Judith Butler 's understanding of feminism and the role of transgender women .
Click here to read it !
By the way :
The quote in the image above is for an interview Judith Butler made with the Trans Advocate back in 2014 .
Her dislike of TERFs have been known for a while .
I guess Ferber did not read it .
Crafting out a niche for your online business
Your business needs to stand out within your chosen niche and not become saturated in the market .
This is difficult for startups and growing businesses who are looking for a way to break into their industry and become noticed .
SEO Lounge will assign you a Digital Consultant who has the expansive knowledge on what digital marketing campaign will maximize your SEO efforts and benefit your budget the most .
Trouble afoot : Killer heels do n't just ruin our feet - they ruin our backs and brains too
They were one of the biggest fashion trends of the last decade , but now it seems killer heels , like the 6in Louboutins loved by Posh , are killing our feet .
Last week , the former Spice Girl was photographed in fit - flops , with grosslyswollen and reddened bunions protruding from the side of her feet .
But she is not alone .
Doctors say that 80 per cent of women experience foot problems as a result of wearing ill - fitting shoes , with heels being the main culprit .
Right foot forward : Women are being urged to take better care of their feet
The latest towering platform heels are bending women 's feet at a highly unnatural angle , and podiatrists - foot experts - say they have seen a fivefold increase in young women with bunions .
Aimee Taylor , a 23 - year - old PR account executive from London , knows that she should no longer wear heels - but just can't imagine a night out without wearing the shoes that she believes makes her look sexier .
This is despite the fact that the privately - educated single girl - abouttown already has hideous bunions .
She says : ' They are extremely painful , as soon as I ease my feet into my heels , my toes scrunch up in pain .
It is is a constant ache , and yet this is the price that I am prepared to pay for fashion .
' I know that I am going to have to have the bunions surgically removed in the future - yet I go on wearing heels . '
' I have friends who are going out wearing eight inch heels .
It 's the fashion .
I would kill for a pair of Christian Louboutin or Jimmy Choo shoes , and it is heels which make my heart flip with desire . '
Aimee 's foot problem began in her late teens , when she first noticed the side of her feet reddening and swelling .
' I 'd been wearing heels since I was 16 .
My mum faithfully bought me Clarks ' shoes when I was little , and often had my feet measured .
Victoria Beckham 's obsession with high heels has resulted in her developing painful bunions
Yet , as soon as I could afford to buy my own shoes , I was cramming my feet into shoes which distorted their shape .
' I buy mostly from the High Street , from places like Office and Dune .
In the winter I wear court heels , in the summer high strappy sandals although they are becoming quite embarrassing as my bunions poke out through the straps . '
Aimee says she feels more likely to be taken seriously at work if she is in heels - although physically she is in agony .
' I try to wear flats , but they do not make me feel as feminine . '
A new report on behalf of The Vitality Show , a showcase for health , beauty and fitness , reveals that more than 200,000 British women last year sought medical help for their feet , with 10,000 needing hospital treatment .
Bunions are an actual deformity of the bone , and have to be surgically removed .
More than half of these foot problems are directly assigned to wearing high - heeled shoes and over a third of women who experience pain in their feet are left with permanent damage .
The most common complaints are bunions , hammer toes ( where the toe becomes bent due to a deformity of the joint ) , tendon and nerve damage , and shin splints ( pain in the tibia ) .
The research also highlights that 65 per cent of women still wear high heels for 40 hours a week at work , 35 per cent of which wear heels over 5 in high .
As well as the podiatry problems , heels also have a dangerous effect on the back , distorting its natural alignment and compressing the spinal nerves resulting in back pain .
It 's even suggested that the habitual wearing of high heels can have an impact on the brain by constricting both blood vessels and nerve supplies , causing headaches and impairing mental function .
The Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists states that wearing just a three - inch heel increases pressure to the ankle by 80 per cent .
No wonder that one of the more unusual cosmetic treatments for women now is the ' foot filler ' .
Leading cosmetic surgery
The Harley Medical Group have seen a surprising increase in the number of women requesting collagen injections which plump up the balls of the feet , making wearing heels a little more comfortable .
The collagen numbs the ball of the foot - yet is attracting criticism as pain is the body 's natural mechanism to indicate that something is wrong .
Dr Nick Milojevic , specialist nonsurgical doctor at The Harley Medical Group , says : ' This year we have received increased enquiries for foot fillers , a technique of using fillers to pad out the ball of the foot to reduce the pain cause by more vertiginous heels .
NASA News & Feature Releases
Road Transportation Emerges as Key Driver of Warming
For decades , climatologists have studied the gases and particles that have potential to alter Earth 's climate .
They have discovered and described certain airborne chemicals that can trap incoming sunlight and warm the climate , while others cool the planet by blocking the Sun 's rays .
Now a new study led by Nadine Unger of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( GISS ) in New York City offers a more intuitive way to understand what 's changing the Earth 's climate .
Rather than analyzing impacts by chemical species , scientists have analyzed the climate impacts by different economic sectors .
Each part of the economy , such as ground transportation or agriculture , emits a unique portfolio of gases and aerosols that affect the climate in different ways and on different timescales .
" We wanted to provide the information in a way that would be more helpful for policy makers , " Unger said .
" This approach will make it easier to identify sectors for which emission reductions will be most beneficial for climate and those which may produce unintended consequences . "
In a paper published online on Feb. 3 by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Unger and colleagues described how they used a climate model to estimate the impact of 13 sectors of the economy from 2000 to 2100 .
They based their calculations on real - world inventories of emissions collected by scientists around the world , and they assumed that those emissions would stay relatively constant in the future .
Snapshots of the Future
In their analysis , motor vehicles emerged as the greatest contributor to atmospheric warming now and in the near term .
Cars , buses , and trucks release pollutants and greenhouse gases that promote warming , while emitting few aerosols that counteract it .
The researchers found that the burning of household biofuels -- primarily wood and animal dung for home heating and cooking -- contribute the second most warming .
And raising livestock , particularly methane - producing cattle , contribute the third most .
On the other end of the spectrum , the industrial sector releases such a high proportion of sulfates and other cooling aerosols that it actually contributes a significant amount of cooling to the system .
And biomass burning -- which occurs mainly as a result of tropical forest fires , deforestation , savannah and shrub fires -- emits large amounts of organic carbon particles that block solar radiation .
The new analysis offers policy makers and the public a far more detailed and comprehensive understanding of how to mitigate climate change most effectively , Unger and colleagues assert .
" Targeting on - road transportation is a win - win - win , " she said .
" It 's good for the climate in the short term and long term , and it 's good for our health . "
Due to the health problems caused by aerosols , many developed countries have been reducing aerosol emissions by industry .
But such efforts are also eliminating some of the cooling effect of such pollution , eliminating a form of inadvertent geoengineering that has likely counteracted global warming in recent decades .
" Warming should accelerate as we continue to remove the aerosols , " said Unger .
" We have no choice but to remove the aerosol particulate pollution to protect human and ecosystem health .
That means we 'll need to work even harder to reduce greenhouse gases and warming pollutants . "
By the year 2100 , Unger 's projections suggest that the impact of the various sectors will change significantly .
By 2050 , electric power generation overtakes road transportation as the biggest promoter of warming .
The industrial sector likewise jumps from the smallest contribution in 2020 to the third largest by 2100 .
" The differences are because the impacts of greenhouse gases accumulate and intensify over time , and because they persist in the atmosphere for such long periods , " said Unger .
" In contrast , aerosols rain out after a few days and can only have a short - term impact . "
Factoring in Clouds
For each sector of the economy , Unger 's team analyzed the effects of a wide range of chemical species , including carbon dioxide , nitrous oxide , methane , organic carbon , black carbon , nitrate , sulfate , and ozone .
The team also considered how emissions from each part of the economy can impact clouds , which have an indirect effect on climate , explained Surabi Menon , a coauthor of the paper and scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley , Calif .
Some aerosols , particularly sulfates and organic carbon , can make clouds brighter and cause them to last longer , producing a cooling effect .
At the same time , one type of aerosol called black carbon , or soot , actually absorbs incoming solar radiation , heats the atmosphere , and drives the evaporation of low - level clouds .
This process , called the semi- direct aerosol effect , has a warming impact .
The new analysis shows that emissions from the power , biomass burning , and industrial sectors of the economy promote aerosol - cloud interactions that exert a powerful cooling effect , while on - road transportation and household biofuels exacerbate cloud - related warming .
More research on the effects of aerosols is still needed , Unger cautions .
" Although our estimates of the aerosol forcing are consistent with those listed by the International Panel on Climate Change , a significant amount of uncertainty remains . "
Related Link
Scientist Nadine Unger Discusses Which Sectors of the Economy Impact the Climate
Reference
Unger , N. , T.C. Bond , J.S. Wang , D.M. Koch , S. Menon , D.T. Shindell , and S. Bauer , 2010 : Attribution of climate forcing to economic sectors .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. , 107 , 3382-3387 , doi:10.1073/pnas.0906548107 .
This article was originally prepared by Adam Voiland as a NASA Portal Looking at Earth news feature .
Strambotic se ha mudado a un piso con mejores vistas .
Que levante el dedo - pasa quien no se haya preguntado , en pleno éxtasis de gusto en la bañera , cuánto tiempo se puede estar a remojo sin convertirse en un colgajo de carnes y pieles .
El sudafricano Tim Yarrow lo sabe bien : diez días con sus diez noches , y siempre protegido por un traje de neopreno .
Ése fue el tiempo que le llevo en 2002 ganar el récord mundial de la especialidad " remojo libre " , en un centro comercial de Johanesburgo .
El anterior récord los tenía el británico Michael Stephens , que en 1986 que estuvo 212 horas y 30 minutos , casi 9 días .
En el caso el australiano pasó 240 horas en un tanque de agua de 3 por 2.3 metros , lo que supone la decena completa , rompiendo el anterior registro .
Durante ese tiempo el buceador de 30 años fue alimentado con una dieta baja en fibra a través de un tubo , como un paciente del hospital .
Gracias a esta alimentación , los residuos sólidos no eran problema , ya que " era líquido y en el líquido acababa " , afirma el buceador .
Aparte de esta ayudita , el agua se mantuvo entre 30 a 40 grados centígrados para evitar la pérdida de calor corporal y todos los días entraba un médico en el tanque a medir los niveles de nitrógeno en sangre de Tim .
Para dormir , se ponía una mascarilla de noche que le permitía respirar por la nariz .
Sin embargo , estar a remojo en un tanque no es lo mismo que hacerlo en un lago o en el mar .
En este caso los efectos de la presión sobre el organismo humano no se restringen a unos dedos envejecidos , sino que las consecuencias a corto y largo plazo pueden ser más serias .
Por eso el récord de " remojo libre en aguas libres " está , justamente en la mitad : 5 días .
La marca es del estadounidense Jerry Hall , que en 2004 estuvo exactamente 120 horas sumergido en el fondo del Watauga Lake , en Tennessee .
Si se quiere siquiera llegar cerca de las 240 horas del sudafricano en lata , haría falta la utilización de una cámara seca .
Es lo que hicieron los buzos italiano Stefano Barbaresi , de 37 años , y Stefania Mensa , de 29 , que pasaron en 2005 también 10 días viviendo a 8 metros de profundidad cerca de la isla de Ponza , frente a la costa entre Roma y Nápoles .
Lo lograron gracias a que cada cinco o seis horas los buzos tenían acceso a una cámara seca donde podían cambiarse de ropa , ir al baño y que los científicos examinaran su ritmo cardiaco y el estado de sus tímpanos .
Aún así , el 90 % de su tiempo lo pasaron en su " casa húmeda " , donde les pusieron hasta sillón y cama para que pudieran hacer vida normal de pareja .
Cuando salieron al décimo día , fueron llevados directamente al hospital por frío , fatiga y , paradójicamente , deshidratación .
Alive
Very much alive in fact .
More than 4 months since my last post and what seems like a lifetime ago at this point .
I was released from the hospital on April 26th 2010 , as an outpatient I came back to the hospital every single morning to get checked out .
My mother moved into my apartment and took care of me , as I was n’t allowed to cook , clean , shop , leave my apartment , etc … I was a frail shell of a human being anyway – eating so many pills every few hours it would scare a junkie .
As the weeks went on I got my strength back , Dylan ’s graft took hold all up inside my bones , my numbers slowly rose and I started breaking restrictions my doctors had given as I wanted .
As always there were problems , some pneumonia , GVH , fungal infections , blah , blah , blah .
In the end I was only re-admitted two separate times ( I think ? ) and once was because I made a scene and my doctors were convinced I was having some sort of a psychotic break and I needed to be supervised .
Who knows where they got that .
It ’s been months and every day I still wake up in pain .
My feet , head , gut , joints , bones .
At some point you just get used to your body fighting you , like some sort of sick endurance test no one asked you about .
Getting through each day is like swimming out to sea with the tide – how far can you push it and still get back to shore ?
Thanks to some of the drugs i’m still taking my muscles have a terrible time maintaining muscle mass so I can only get so strong .
Side Note : Someone threatened to “ put me back in the hospital ” yesterday .
what kind of hateful shit is that ?
People are awful .
Anyone who knows me knows I ’m not the kind of person to fight you .
I hope you ’re not someone who threatens recovering cancer patients .
Somewhere around the beginning of July my mother moved out of my apartment and I was downgraded to appointments at the hospital once or twice a week .
I still had many if not all the same restrictions but I was not paying attention to any but to the most obviously hygienic ones at this point .
I embodied what my doctor called a non-compliant outpatient – though I ’d gotten very talented at manipulating the system to keep everyone “ off my back ” as I saw it .
Not the right way to approach a team of doctors trying to save your life , but hey , not dead , right ?
One of the transplant coordinators made a comment to me before I ever had the transplant when we were going over restrictions and the associated dangers of not having an immune system – paraphrased : ‘ This entire operation is to provide you with the chance to live your life , you ’re going to need to decide at some point what that means .
You need to make safe choices but it ’s all a quality of life decision for you at this point as well . ’
Quality
I ’m Bipolar .
When I was diagnosed in December my medication was one of the things that went right out the window .
It took me two years after finally accepting medication to get my shit together and apparently it was the single worst thing in the world for someone with blood cancer to be taking .
After a lifetime of trying to live inside my own head , I ’d accepted the crutch of medication – only to have it kicked out from under me .
The steroids I ’ve been on since my diagnosis could send a balanced person into a mood disorder , for someone in my condition it simply brings it to a whole new level .
I know it ’s not anyone ’s fault I ’m sick and I can’t blame them for putting me on medication I ’ll never be able to take , but how can they expect me to embrace their suggestions and treatment again ?
I ’ve experienced holes so deep and dark I understand for the first time what it feels like to truly want to die .
On the up swings I ’ve had to stop myself on occasion from flying across the country or moving to a different state on a whim .
After having what I ’ll call a ‘ less than satisfactory ’ interaction with a doctor who was apparently the most qualified and talented psychologist on staff at the hospital – two other doctors summarily refused to treat me because – get this – I had cancer .
Yeah .
God knows why that would make someone feel like an outsider .
Oh , no thanks , I do n’t want to explain to you that after I spent all that time and energy trying not to die , sometimes all I can think about is why in the world did n’t I just let the cancer swallow me alive ?
You ’re scared of my disease , how can you possibly understand the anger and hate I feel ?
I ca n’t even figure out where it comes from .
It ’s not that i’m not grateful to be alive , I am .
Ever feel like you do n’t deserve it though ?
Your own life ?
It ’s an empty that does n’t go away .
There ’s so much guilt – why are n’t you more grateful ?
Why are n’t you happier to be alive ?
I do n’t know .
In the end I have to learn to live in my head , same as everyone else .
Life
People want to know what changes about a person , coming out of an experience like I had in the hospital .
The only tangible regret I can remember is that I spent so much time in my life looking for reasons not to do things .
I do n’t need to do anything and everything but I wanted to make different decisions – for different reasons .
If my doctors had even an inkling of what I ’ve been doing I ’d never be allowed back in the hospital again .
Cross country road trips , three day music festivals in the woods , clubs , bars , Sox games , etc …
They locked a 23 - year - old in a cage and told him he might die and never get out ever again .
Again , anyone who knew me when I was younger …
I ’m free and as far as I ’m concerned I ’ve got a license to die .
Not that I ’m going to , I worked damn hard not to – but goddamn if that is n’t my prerogative now .
I have these moments every once - in - a - while when I see a couple kissing or beautiful clouds over some scenery and all I can think is “ still not dead ” – nice try and all but I ’ll die when I please .
– Austin
“ You do n’t have money to fund the war or children , ” said Mr. Stark , an early opponent of the Iraq war .
“ But you ’re going to spend it to blow up innocent people , if we can get enough kids to grow old enough for you to send to Iraq to get their heads blown off for the president ’s amusement . ”
Those comments nearly got Mr. Stark censured in the House .
More recently he was found to have applied for a state tax exemption for his Maryland home even though he was still a legal resident of California .
But 3,000 miles away , where his district is stacked with liberals who share his outrage , his words barely caused a ripple .
A lack of respect for decorum when addressing Republicans is hardly the kind of thing to get a man in trouble in Hayward or Fremont .
And if Mr. Stark ’s outbursts have made him less effective than he might otherwise be as a representative , his constituents have a hard time ever hearing about it .
His district is in something of a news media vacuum , across the bay from San Francisco and squeezed between San Jose and Oakland .
No major media outlet covers him closely ..
Mr. Stark ’s district is a mix of blue - collar workers and employees of the growing number of high - tech companies around Fremont .
It is so heavily Democratic that Mr. Stark has never attracted a serious Republican opponent .
For a Democrat to oppose him in a primary would take tremendous financial resources and , probably , greater sins by Mr. Stark than he has committed to date .
“ It ’s a safe Democratic seat , and no one has ever come along who has wanted to push him out , ” said Tony Quinn , who follows California ’s Congressional politics for the Target Book , which he helps edit .
“ Nobody has ever challenged him . ”
The biggest risk to Mr. Stark , 78 , might be the Bay Area ’s demographics and his own colleagues in Congress .
The region may lose a Congressional district when the lines are redrawn after the 2010 census , because its population is waning compared to the rest of the state’s .
If that happens , one Democrat is going to have to go .
And after last week ’s slap from his party ’s leadership , Mr. Stark had better watch his back .
May 19 , 2003
Olson family press conference , August 8 , 2002 , Frederick , Maryland .
Eric Olson and his son , Stephan Kimbel Olson .
In 1996 , Manhattan D.A. Robert Morgenthau opened a new investigation into CIA Scientist Frank Olson 's 1953 " suicide , " assigning the case to a special Cold Case Unit staffed by two veteran prosecutors .
Details about the activities and findings of that ongoing inquiry have never before been revealed .
Investigative journalist and writer H.P. Albarelli Jr. conducted his own seven - year examination into Olson 's death .
In Part Two , he reports his findings about one of the U.S. government 's greatest conspiracies and unsolved mysteries .
by H. P. Albarelli Jr .
H.P. Albarelli's book on Frank Olson 's death , A Terrible Mistake : The Murder of Frank Olson and the CIA 's Secret Cold War Experiments published in October 2009 .
Advance orders can be placed at Amazon , Barnes & Noble , and from the book 's publisher Trine Day Books .
Additional information on the book may be obtained at : www.albarelli.net and from www.trineday.com.
Introduction
When CIA Scientist Frank Olson plunged to his death from the 10th floor of a New York hotel in 1953 , his death was ruled a suicide .
But in 1975 a government report prepared for the special Presidential Commission investigating the CIA 's development of potent drugs for use in biological warfare and assassinations made its way onto the front page of the Washington Post .
The Post revealed that an unnamed government employee " had jumped to his death from a New York hotel window after he was unwittingly dosed with LSD while attending a meeting on a test project that involved the administration of mind - bending drugs to unsuspecting Americans . "
Days later , at a news conference attended by all the major media , Olson 's family threatened to sue the CIA for wrongful death .
Four days later President Ford met with Olson 's wife and two sons at the White House .
Ford apologized and told the Olsons that the CIA 's experiments were " illegal and unconscionable . "
Ford ordered CIA Director William Colby to provide the Olsons with any records pertinent to Olson 's death that it possessed .
Colby turned over 150 pages of cryptic documents that shed no light on how or why Olson actually died .
The CIA continued to stonewall Olson 's death , terming it " a tragic accident . "
The Olsons subsequently agreed to accept $ 750,00 from the government in full settlement of Frank Olson 's death .
As time went by and many more CIA misdeeds came to light , Frank Olson 's unexplained death gnawed away at his sons .
They decided to hire super sleuth James Starrs , a professor of law and forensic sciences at George Washington University in Washington , D.C. , to reopen the investigation into their father 's death .
Olson 's body was exhumed .
Starrs 's exam revealed " startling results . "
There were no traces of LSD in Olson 's corpse ; there was " a highly suspicious blunt force wound " on Olson 's frontal skull , most likely caused by a hammer or similar object ;
Olson 's skull revealed " many fractures , " so many that " It would not be possible unless he were on a trampoline .
You do n't bounce like that .
When you hit pavement , you hit pavement " ; no facial disfigurements as were reported by the Medical Examiner who examined his body the morning of his death .
( Starrs noted that Olson 's face was remarkably well preserved due to the embalming procedures used . )
Based on Starrs 's findings , Manhattan D.A. Robert Morgenthau opened a new investigation into Olson 's death in 1996 , assigning the case to a special Cold Case Unit staffed by two veteran prosecutors .
Details about the activities and findings of that ongoing inquiry have never before been revealed .
Investigative journalist and writer H.P. Albarelli Jr. , who has conducted his own seven - year examination into Olson 's death and has been called upon to consult with prosecutors in the Manhattan district attorney 's office , reports his findings about one of the U.S. government 's greatest conspiracies and unsolved mysteries .
Questions Without Answers
Assistant D.A. Steve Saracco was also drawn to the results of Professor James Starrs 's forensic autopsy .
Saracco was surprised to learn that Starrs had been unable to obtain Olson 's fingerprints , dental records , or any personnel records from the Army or CIA .
Starrs 's impromptu interview of Dr. Sidney Gottlieb also caught Saracco 's eye .
Starrs had reported that Gottlieb was an " unreliable witness . "
Further , Starrs concluded that Gottlieb " was concealing information on many critical points . "
Saracco noted that Gottlieb 's parting comment to Starrs was the cryptic : " Professor , the national security of this country was on the line . "
In 1977 , Gottlieb had requested and received immunity from prosecution from Congress when he testified in open and closed sessions about the CIA 's MK / ULTRA program and various agency - sponsored assassination attempts .
Why had Gottlieb sought immunity , Saracco wondered .
Was it possibly related to Olson 's death ?
And why did the Colby documents still contain numerous redactions ?
Were these deletions intended to hide names and facts that could lead to indictments ?
Saracco also thought it odd that DCI William Colby had produced the documents so quickly in 1975 , especially since Gottlieb had testified to Congress that he and Richard Helms had earlier destroyed all MK / ULTRA operational files .
Despite their many deletions , Saracco was drawn to several perplexing , but seemingly portentous , passages in the Colby documents .
First , there were the passages describing the activities and observations of CIA security agents dispatched to Manhattan immediately following Olson 's death .
[ See Part One of this article . ]
If Olson simply fell or jumped , why the need for all this skullduggery ?
Why was it necessary to dispatch at least five special agents to Manhattan to involve themselves in affairs after Olson 's death if it were simply a case of suicide ?
Especially puzzling was the written report of one of these agents to CIA Security Office chief Col. Sheffield Edwards .
The agent recounted that he surreptitiously listened to a conversation between Robert Lashbrook and Dr. Harold Abramson hours after Olson died .
During that conversation , he wrote , Lashbrook and Abramson listened to a tape recorded " interview " with Olson and then conspired to produce a report that portrayed the dead biochemist as a " psychotic person " suffering " from guilt and persecution complexes " and " prone to suicide . "
Saracco knew from interviews with Frank Olson 's family , friends , and colleagues that there was considerable disagreement with this image of Olson .
Don Falconer , who befriended Olson in 1943 when they both were recruited to work at Camp Detrick , said that Olson was a " good - humored man " even a bit of a " practical joker . "
Said Falconer , " I never noticed Frank to be depressed or upset about anything . "
Gerald Yonetz , who also worked with Olson , said , " Olson was a happy - go - lucky kind of guy " whose favorite drink was " Maalox and vodka . "
Even Lashbrook , in a 1975 interview with a reporter , said that prior to the meeting at Deep Creek Lake , Olson had been " perfectly normal . "
Why was it necessary to project a contrived picture of Olson , Saracco wondered ?
But he was more curious about some of Dr. Abramson 's remarks to Lashbrook during the same conversation .
According to the eavesdropping agent 's report , Abramson told Lashbrook that he was " worried as to whether or not the deal was in jeopardy " and that he thought " that the operation was dangerous and that the whole deal should be reanalyzed . "
What was the " deal " that was in jeopardy ?
What was the " operation " that was so dangerous ?
And why did both need to be reanalyzed ?
Clearly , there was more here than met the eye , Saracco thought .
Even Saracco's partner in the district attorney 's Cold Case Unit , Daniel Bibb , who was skeptical about the possibility of any foul play in Olson 's death , agreed that the agents report to Col .
Edwards raised a number of suspicious points .
A once secret memorandum about a conversation held among CIA officials two - and - a - half weeks after Olson 's death raised Saracco 's and Bibb 's suspicions further .
The brief memorandum reads : " Lovell reported that Quarles and George Merck were about to kill the Schwab activity at Detrick as ' un-American . '
Is it necessary to take action at a higher place ?
Lovell knew of Frank R. Olson .
No inhibitions .
Baring of inner man .
Suicidal tendencies .
Offensive usefulness ? "
Saracco and Bibb quickly learned that " Lovell " was Dr. Stanley Platt Lovell , a high - level consultant to the CIA and Camp Detrick 's Special Operations Division ( SOD ) .
Lovell 's talents were well established in the areas of biological warfare and assassination techniques .
Described by historian Corey Ford as a " sunny little nihilist " who took great delight in concocting " calculated mischief " and " diabolical devices , " Lovell seemed to be a shadowy , foreboding figure , a constant presence lurking in the wings of Olson 's finals acts on earth .
Once during World War II in his capacity as director of research and development for the Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) , precursor to the CIA , Lovell ordered that huge nets be erected on the roof of the Statler Hotel ( then called the Pennsylvania Hotel ) so that hundreds of bats could be captured .
The nocturnal creatures were intended for employment as unwitting carriers of small incendiary bombs .
Later , during the early 1950s as a consultant , Lovell assisted a joint CIA - SOD team with Operation Big City and Project Mad Hatter .
These two operations were conducted in New York City employing SOD - designed aerosol devices for spraying LSD on a downtown street and in the city 's subway system .
" Quarles " was Donald Aubrey Quarles , assistant secretary for research and development for the Department of Defense and a former official with the Sandia Corporation , a subsidiary of Western Electric .
Quarles had overseen the Sandia Laboratory in New Mexico for the Atomic Energy Commission .
Two years after Frank Olson 's death , Quarles became secretary of the Air Force and then in 1959 , he was selected by President Eisenhower to become secretary of defense , but he died of a massive heart attack just days before taking office .
Saracco , a former officer in the Marine Corps , knew from experience that if someone at Quarles 's level were concerned with any " activity " it would be taken quite seriously .
George Merck , who along with Quarles according to the memo , was " about to kill the Schwab activity , " was George Wilhelm Merck , the president of the giant New Jersey - based pharmaceutical conglomerate , Merck & Co. George Merck had formerly overseen the government 's initial foray into biological warfare when he headed the War Research Service during World War II and then became one of founding fathers of Camp Detrick .
" Schwab " was Dr. John L. Schwab , director of Camp Detrick 's Biological Laboratories and Frank Olson 's ultimate division superior .
Schwab was quite familiar with Olson having worked closely with him in 1943 and 1944 on several classified research projects , one of which also involved Dr. Harold Abramson , who was then a medical officer in the Army and a consultant to the OSS .
In September 1950 , at the same time that CIA official James Jesus Angleton vetted Frank Olson to work for the agency 's top - secret ARTICHOKE Project , Schwab was selected to be chief of the newly formed Special Operations Division at Camp Detrick .
Strengthening Saracco's and Bibb's sense of the seriousness of the cryptic memo was the fact that it had been written by Dr. H. Marshall Chadwell after consultation with security chief Sheffield Edwards .
Chadwell was director of the CIA 's Office of Scientific Intelligence .
Fifty - five years old in 1953 , Chadwell , who held a degree in physical chemistry form Harvard University , came to the CIA from the New York office of the Atomic Energy Commission .
Prior to that , he had been employed in the Manhattan headquarters of the Rockefeller Foundation .
Saracco and Bibb knew that they would ultimately have to unravel the meaning of Chadwell 's memo to get to the bottom of Olson 's death .
What was it about the so - called " Schwab activity " that was so unacceptable that even hardened , high - ranking Cold War warriors dubbed it " un-American " and called for its termination ?
How did Frank Olson fit into this and why was he mentioned in this context ?
Why was Olson branded a man of " no inhibitions " who laid bare his inner self ?
To whom and what was Olson baring ?
Saracco wondered if the memo was somehow related to another cryptic note about Olson that had been discovered stuck in a Fort Detrick file in 1994 by an AP reporter .
" Trip to Paris and Norway in 1953 and possible fear of security violation , " read the note .
" After death -- apparently large number of government checks left uncashed in personnel file , " continued the unsigned note purported to be from a person who had worked closely with Olson .
The Kiss of Death
Intrigued with the complexities of the case , the two prosecutors decided to move quickly to interview several key individuals because of their advanced ages .
They were former DCI William Colby , Vincent Ruwet , Robert Lashbrook , and Dr. Sidney Gottlieb .
As amply documented in the Colby documents , both Ruwet and Lashbrook had been in New York with Olson the week of his death .
Saracco drafted letters to Ruwet and Colby requesting interviews , mailing the letter to Colby first .
Several days later , on April 28 , 1996 , Saracco was stunned to learn from the evening news that Colby had disappeared .
Colby went missing for a week , and then searchers discovered his decomposed body on the beach of an uninhabited Chesapeake Bay island nearby his Eastern Shore , Maryland home .
His death was ruled an accidental drowning .
The coroner speculated that he might have suffered a stroke while canoeing alone .
In the ensuing days after Colby 's death , Saracco and Bibb heard all sorts of wild rumors about Colby having been assassinated .
An intern in Saracco 's office pointed out a remark Colby had made about assassination : " If it 's done right , you never know how it was done , or who did it for sure .
That 's what professionalism is all about . "
An avid reader of the works of enigmatic author Thomas Pynchon , Saracco , who can quote extensively from Pynchon 's books at will , summoned up a line from the novel , V : " Events seem to be ordered into an ominous logic . "
Saracco and Bibb met with retired army officer Vincent Ruwet in August 1996 .
They sat on the back porch of Ruwet 's Frederick , Md. , home drinking ice tea as the sky darkened and a thunderstorm rolled off the Cacoctin Mountains .
Despite his hospitality , Ruwet was evasive .
To the prosecutors , his answers seemed mechanical and rehearsed .
Ruwet explained that he too had been dosed with LSD at the Deep Creek Lake meeting and that he had hallucinated wildly and " experienced the direct and indirect effects of the drug for weeks after . "
But when Saracco asked why then had he been entrusted to escort a similarly afflicted Frank Olson to New York just days later , Ruwet 's explanation was less than satisfactory .
Saracco and Bibb decided to meet again with Ruwet , but they would be too late .
Ruwet dropped dead from a heart attack suffered in church on Nov. 16 , 1996 .
Colleagues kidded Saracco that he had become the " kiss of death " and he moved on to Lashbrook and Gottlieb convinced that the grim chain of evens had played itself out .
After several letters to Lashbrook went unanswered , Saracco issued the first subpoena of the case .
On Sept. 2 , 1997 , when a deputy sheriff in Ojai , Calif. , knocked on Lashbrook 's door to serve him , the retired CIA official told the deputy that he had the wrong address and that he did not know anyone by the name of Robert Lashbrook .
On Oct. 24 , Lashbrook 's attorney filed a motion in the District Court of Los Angeles to quash any request to take his client 's deposition .
Some six months later an appeals court ruled to enforce the subpoena .
Saracco and Bibb made plans to go west , but at the last minute the CIA and U.S. Department of Justice thwarted them .
Both agencies demanded to know in writing what questions the prosecutors intended to pursue .
Only after the Justice Department approved this information would it agree to Lashbrook 's availability and then only if the department were assured that Lashbrook would be granted immunity under New York law .
The CIA 's attorneys told Saracco that the agency had serious concerns that deposing the retired official might expose matters " still held top secret " thus " posing a risk to national security . "
Bibb quipped to Saracco that by the time they sat down with Lashbrook they too would be in their retirement years .
Finally in October 1998 , following months of missed deadlines , delays , and broken commitments by the government , Saracco and Bibb flew to California to question Lashbrook .
The event , not wholly unexpected , was somewhat anticlimactic though useful .
Despite Lashbrook 's advanced age of 80 and recurring health problems , the former CIA official was lucid while caustic .
Bibb later characterized Lashbrook 's attitude as " confident and cavalier . "
The two prosecutors questioned Lashbrook for nearly seven hours .
CIA attorneys present for the session berated the prosecutors for " taking advantage of an old man . "
The Bizarre Dosing of an Expatriate
Two weeks before they traveled to California , Saracco and Bibb learned that Lashbrook 's former superior , Dr. Sidney Gottlieb , was the subject of a civil lawsuit for the alleged LSD dosing of an American citizen in Paris in 1952 .
The case was of obvious interest to the district attorney 's office because of Gottlieb 's involvement in Olson 's dosing a year later .
Saracco was informed that the attorney bringing the suit against Gottlieb was Sidney Bender of the New York firm Leventritt , Lewittes , & Bender .
Saracco called Bender and was told the fascinating story behind the case .
In 1952 , a 24 - year old American named Stanley Milton Glickman was pursuing a promising career as an artist in France .
Glickman , the son of a successful New York furrier , moved to Paris in the summer of 1951 to study painting at the Academy de la Grand Chaumier , and about seven months he became an apprentice in the studio of renowned French modernist Fernand Leger .
( In the 1940s , Leger decorated the Manhattan apartment of Nelson A. Rockefeller . )
By early autumn 1952 , Glickman , who had already had one of his paintings displayed in new York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art , had established his own studio on the outskirts of Paris .
One evening in mid-October , the young artist went into the city to meet a friend at the Cafe Select .
There , two American men who Glickman did not know joined them .
After some casual conversation and several glasses of wine , Glickman and the two men fell into a heated debate about politics , power , and patriotism .
The debate went on for hours .
The men told Glickman that he was a naive Bohemian unmindful of the real ways of the world .
Glickman countered by telling the conservatively dressed men that their attitudes of political superiority were offensive to all that he felt was right with the world .
When it grew late , Glickman prepared to leave and one of the men offered him a drink as a conciliatory gesture .
Glickman , who had only been drinking coffee , reluctantly accepted .
The man rose from the table , went to the bar , and returned with a glass of Chartreuse for the artist .
As the man came back to the table , Glickman noticed that he walked with a pronounced limp .
Glickman sipped the liqueur slowly and the conversation turned to other subjects .
One of the men remarked that France was fascinating for its many sites of religious miracles .
Midway through his drink Glickman began to feel strange .
A tremendous feeling of anxiety filled his chest that quickly gave way to the sensation that he was floating above the table .
His perceptions of objects and their dimensions became distorted .
Sounds took on an odd resonance , some painful to his ears .
The two men watched him intently .
One of them leaned toward him and said , " Surely a man of your many talents can perform his own miracles .
Ca n't you ? "
Believing that he has somehow been poisoned , Glickman fled into the street .
When he woke up the next day he realized that he had lost several hours of time .
He had no idea how he had returned home .
He was also wildly hallucinating .
For two weeks he wandered about Paris in , what he later described as , " the pain of madness , delusion , and terror . "
He returned to the Cafe Select , went to the same table as before , and sat with his eyes closed irrationally waiting " for someone to come and tell me what had happened . "
When he refused to leave he was taken away to the American Hospital of Paris and given electroshock treatment .
Once released , he lived in a state of " stress , terror , and hallucination " for eight months until his family learned of his condition and brought him back to the United States in July 1953 .
A psychiatrist treated Glickman for the next 25 years .
Glickman lived in New York 's East Village , never again painted , and ran a small antiques shop .
His closest friends were his three dogs , Charlie , Gent , and Kuma .
Sometimes he told people that his name was Paul Galen .
He died on Dec. 11 , 1992 .
But , that was only the beginning of Bender 's story to Saracco .
One day in late September 1977 , Glickman 's sister , Gloria Kronisch , was watching the televised U.S. Senate hearings about CIA abuses chaired by Sen. Edward Kennedy .
A hearing witness was on Gloria 's screen describing an experimental CIA drug program called MK / ULTRA , which had used hundreds of unwitting American citizens as guinea pigs .
The witness , Dr. Sidney Gottlieb , informed the Senate committee that he justified the CIA experiments on the basis of national security .
The country was essentially at war with the Soviets , Gottlieb said , and if using mind - expanding drugs like LSD on unsuspecting people was necessary to win then so be it .
Said Gottlieb , " Harsh as it may sound in retrospect , it was felt that in an issue where national survival might be concerned , such a procedure and such a risk was a reasonable one to take . "
Gloria had heard enough .
She went straight to the telephone and called her brother Stanley .
" Are you watching television ? " she asked .
" No , " said Stanley , " there 's never anything on . "
" There 's something on right now that you have to see , " Gloria said .
Glickman was shocked at what he saw and heard .
Never in his wildest imaginations had he thought that he might have been the subject of a CIA drug experiment .
After sitting stunned in his small apartment for several days , Glickman talked to some of his neighbors who had also watched the Kennedy committee hearings .
Of course the government dosed people with drugs , they told Stanley .
" Have n't you read about what they did to Frank Olson ? " one of his neighbors asked .
" Who 's Frank Olson ? " Glickman asked .
" Do n't you read the newspapers ? " responded his neighbor .
" No , " Glickman said , " it 's too depressing . "
Glickman soon learned that Alice Olson had appeared earlier as a witness before the Kennedy committee as had the daughter of another man who died during an Army - sponsored drug experiment performed in a New York psychiatric hospital .
One of Glickman 's neighbors told him that Sidney Gottlieb walked with a slight limp because " he had been born with a clubfoot . "
The neighbor said , " I think it was Gottlieb that had a hand in dosing Frank Olson .
You need to look into that . "
Glickman nervously tried to telephone Sen. Kennedy 's Washington office and the office of U.S. Attorney General , Griffin Bell .
He had something to tell them that they might find very interesting , he told the people who answered his calls .
But nobody wanted to listen to what he had to say .
A sympathetic secretary at the Department of Justice finally told Glickman that he needed to get a lawyer if he wanted to get anyone 's attention .
But Glickman had no money .
His sister , Gloria , told him that she would pay the costs of hiring an attorney .
After Stanley died , Gloria , with Sidney Bender as her attorney , pushed the case forward despite strong opposition in the courts .
Bender concluded his story by telling Saracco that the case , following many delays and appeals , was due to be heard in court within months .
Later , Saracco would say that after listening to the Glickman story he felt like he " had become stuck in the middle of an ' X - Files ' episode . "
He thought that the Glickman case could be wholly unrelated and coincidental to the Olson case , but his instincts said otherwise .
Again , Saracco thought of a line from one of Pynchon 's books , The Crying of Lot 49 : " There are some irregularities , Miz Maas . "
And the irregularities continued .
The Enigmatic Dr. Sidney Gottlieb
Following Lashbrook 's deposition , the New York prosecutors decided it was time to sit down with Dr. Sidney Gottlieb .
Saracco knew this would be difficult because Gottlieb was in the middle of the Glickman trial underway in the U.S. Southern District Court in New York .
After a long delay , a three - judge panel of the Second Circuit Court of Appeals had ruled that Glickman 's suit could go forward against Gottlieb .
The jury trial began in April 1999 .
Saracco and Bibb were intrigued with Gottlieb and keenly understood that , besides Lashbrook , he was perhaps one of the only people alive who could unlock the mysteries of Frank Olson 's death .
Saracco began to painstakingly assemble a profile of Gottlieb in preparation of their anticipated meeting .
Gottlieb was the son of orthodox Jews who had immigrated to the United States penniless from Hungary .
Born on Aug. 3 , 1918 in New York 's rough - and - tumble Lower East Side , his parents were dismayed to find that infant Sidney had two clubbed feet .
Doctors did all that they could to correct the problem , but at the time knowledge about treatment was limited .
For his first 10 years , Gottlieb was forced to wear special metal braces on his legs .
Other children harassed him viciously , a problem that was only exacerbated by his tendency to stutter a great deal .
Eventually rid of his braces , Gottlieb still wore specially made built - up shoes for years to come .
His right foot was never fully corrected and for decades he wore an undetectable altered shoe .
Gottlieb attended elementary and high schools in the Bronx and was an outstanding student who , like Frank Olson , displayed a natural bent for the sciences .
After high school , he completed nearly two years at City College of New York before transferring to Arkansas Polytechnic College .
From Arkansas he went to the University of Wisconsin , Frank Olson 's alma mater , where he graduated with a bachelor 's degree in agriculture .
In Wisconsin , Gottlieb attended classes taught by Dr. Ira Baldwin , who soon went on to become Camp Detrick 's first director of scientific research .
After Wisconsin , at the urging of his chemist brother , Gottlieb went on with his schooling and , in 1943 , earned a doctorate in organic chemistry from the California Institute of Technology .
In that same year , Gottlieb , like Frank Olson , married the daughter of a Presbyterian minister .
( " The dialectic between conspiracy and coincidence is perhaps most fruitfully explored in the works of Thomas Pynchon ... " )
Upon receiving his Ph.D. , Gottlieb immediately attempted to enlist in the Army , but was rejected .
Desperately , he tried to join the other branches of the military , and again he was turned away because of his deformed right foot .
" I argued that I could do anything that any other man could , but they did n't listen , " Gottlieb said in a 1999 interview .
Bitterly disappointed , in the fall of 1943 he took a job with the Department of Agriculture in Washington , D.C.
There he performed basic research on organic soil matter and its chemical structure .
In 1945 , he transferred agencies and went to work for the Food and Drug Administration where he said he spent " two years developing analytical techniques for determining the presence and amounts of various drugs in the human body . "
He became an expert in the techniques and was called upon to testify for the government in a number of court cases .
Occasionally these cases brought him into contact with agents from the Federal Bureau of Narcotics .
Said Gottlieb , " Some of these fellows were straight out of the pages of dime novels .
They were Peter Kane - types and , science be damned , willing to do almost anything to make a case . "
Near the end of 1948 , Gottlieb left the FDA and joined the staff of the National Research Council , also headquartered in Washington , D.C.
He was assigned to work on a number of projects involving plant diseases and fungicides .
In this position , he occasionally encountered scientists from Camp Detrick and Edgewood Arsenal .
Gottlieb switched work places again in late 1949 when he was invited to become a research associate at the University of Maryland .
There he concentrated on " how fungi metabolized in the skeletal portion of plant cells known as ligin . "
The work may have been an extension of studies first undertaken at the NRC .
In April 1951 , Gottlieb was recruited to join the CIA by a former official of the Hercules chemical company , a spin off of E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co. and a major defense contractor .
His initial interview with CIA personnel staff caused some pause when he freely admitted that he had briefly flirted with becoming a Socialist in college .
In follow - up , pre-hire sessions , Gottlieb was subjected to a rigorous series of personality and psychological tests administered by a young CIA staff psychologist named John William Gittenger .
Gittenger , recruited from the Central State Hospital in Norman , Okla. , worked from 1950 to 1954 as an assessment psychologist in the CIA 's Office of Training .
Tests used by Gittenger were similar ( and in some cases , the same ) as those developed during World War II by OSS psychologist Henry A. Murray .
Called Harry by his friends and a biochemist before becoming a psychologist , Murray was a close associate of social scientists Margaret Mead , Gregory Bateson , and Ruth Benedict .
In December 1943 , Murray joined the staff of the OSS 's Assessment Station S , located on a remote country estate outside of Washington , D.C. Here , Murray designed and operated an experimental program aimed at evaluating the psychological fitness of OSS recruits for clandestine operations .
Former OSS officials report that Murray also had " some involvement in truth drug experiments conducted by [ OSS researchers ]
Dr. Roger Adams , Dr. [ Lawrence ] Kubie , and Dr. [ James ] Hamilton . "
These drug tests were conducted at Station S , St. Elizabeth 's Hospital in Washington , D.C. , and Spring Grove Hospital , a state mental institution outside of Baltimore .
The tests also involved George Hunter White , an OSS officer on loan from the Federal Bureau of Narcotics .
Former OSS Lt. Col .
Howard O'Neill states that Murray " constantly attempted to upstage Hamilton for position during the experiments " and eventually was able to " oust Jim [ Hamilton ] from any substantial role at Station S. "
Interestingly , two years after John Gittenger assessed Gottlieb , Gittenger began working in the CIA 's Behavioral Activities Branch , which was under Gottlieb 's direction .
In an interview conducted after he retired from the CIA , Gittenger said that after he was hired by the agency he took LSD as part " of an established [ CIA ] course known as ' Defensive Pharmacology . ' "
Explained Gittenger , " [ The course ] was held in an Agency facility in which there was a group of people from various parts of the Agency and they brought in one of the outside experts ....
And he talked about all the effects of the various kinds of drugs .
And as part of this we took LSD so we could have some idea of what the effect was . "
The CIA officially hired Gottlieb on July 13 , 1951 .
From the start , he was an odd but extremely efficient fit .
In its early years , the agency was notorious for its bias for social pedigree among its ranks and its disdain for Jews and blacks .
Gottlieb and his wife , Margaret , lived with their four children on a small farm in Virginia where they raised goats and their own vegetables .
For years their small log home had no indoor plumbing .
Gottlieb was well known about the CIA for proselytizing about the nutritional benefits of drinking goat 's milk .
He was tall and handsome with a special charisma normally reserved for movie stars .
Women fond him especially attractive and appealing .
Many of his colleagues considered him " a bit off beat " and a " free thinker . "
But nobody questioned his brilliance or his loyalty .
One former CIA employee who worked with Gottlieb for most of the 1950s said : " In retrospect it 's really pretty amazing .
In many ways , Sid was at the forefront of the so - called Counterculture before anybody even knew there was going to be one . "
Despite having been raised Jewish and learning to speak Hebrew , Gottlieb told his co-workers that he was an " agnostic " who sometimes found spiritual comfort in his voracious readings about ancient Eastern religions .
For a while he kept the typed lines above his desk : " Until when They come , it will be asked of them :
Did you reject my Words while you had no full knowledge of them ?
Or was it that you did ? "
Despite that he was an aberration of sorts , and perhaps even because he was , Gottlieb enjoyed particular favor throughout his CIA career with many of the agency 's higher - ups including Col. Sheffield Edwards and DCI Allen Dulles .
Like Edwards , Gottlieb had overcome a persistent stuttering problem that occasionally would reemerge in both men under times of stress .
Like Gottlieb , Dulles had been born with a clubfoot , a deformity not generally well accepted at the time of their births .
Between the two men , who were both ridiculed as youngsters for bearing " the cloven hoofs of the devil , " it was a never - mentioned but unbreakable bond .
Almost overnight , Gottlieb rose to the level of branch chief in the CIA 's Technical Service Staff ( he was head of the Chemical Branch , which was then part of Clandestine Operations ) .
In an interview with the author , Gottlieb said he took LSD ( often " self - administered " ) on " at least 30 occasions " during his tenure with the CIA .
( People very close to Gottlieb say that a recent Washington Post article that claimed Gottlieb took LSD 200 times was " less than reliable . " )
Gottlieb is also known to have participated in at least five assassination plots aimed at various foreign leaders , including Fidel Castro and the Congo 's Patrice Lumumba .
After retiring from the agency in 1973 , he worked briefly as a " special consultant " to the Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , successor agency to the Federal Bureau of Narcotics , and then in 1974 , he and his wife left the United States to travel throughout Asia .
In New Delhi , Gottlieb worked in a hospital that treated people with leprosy .
After they returned to the United States , he went back to college in California and received a master 's degree in speech pathology and audiology .
He and Margaret returned to the East Coast and took up residence on another old farm situated on 50 acres of land near Washington , Va. , a small village in the Blue Ridge Mountains .
The farm was acquired with the idea of establishing a " communal home " that would include several other families .
In 1993 , Gottlieb told writer Nina Burleigh , who made an uninvited , J.D. Salinger - like excursion to his home , that he was " on the side of the angels now " and that he had no interest in " talking about the past . "
" What can you say about Frank Olson 's death ? " asked Burleigh .
" I do n't want to talk about it , " said Gottlieb .
" Really ?
Why not ? " Burleigh insisted .
" I just do n't want to talk about it , " insisted Gottlieb .
" It 's in my past , and that is where it is going to stay . "
Assistant D.A. Saracco thought he might have better luck asking Gottlieb questions .
On Monday , March 8 , 1999 just moments after he sat down to draft his interview request to Gottlieb he received a telephone call informing him that Sidney Gottlieb had died the day before .
According to Gottlieb 's attorney , Tom Wilson , the former CIA official had become " greatly dispirited " over the Glickman suit .
Wilson said , " He was concerned that he might never find any sense of peace of mind in this life .
He 'd had heart problems for about 10 years and then just a few days ago he came down with a severe pneumonia .
He was 83 years old and just did n't have enough fight left . "
A former TSS organic chemist who worked under Gottlieb for nearly six years said , " It hurt me to see him go out the way he did .
Since the mid-'70s , I felt really sorry for him .
He was set up to take the fall for a lot of people above him and he did it without ever once complaining or breaking ranks .
He was doing a job approved all the way up the line , all the way to Truman , Eisenhower , the Kennedy 's … after that happened to Sid a lot of guys decided to quit the Agency because they did n't want the same thing to happen to them . "
Following Gottlieb 's death , an outlandish article about him appeared on the Internet .
The article claimed that Gottlieb " died from an overdose of a drug " and that his widow shortly thereafter discovered a hidden CIA assassination manual in a trunk in the attic of their Virginia home .
The article , which was pure fabrication and greatly upset the Gottlieb family , went on to claim that the " discovered " assassination manual had been " typed some 30 years ago on a manual machine by Gottlieb himself " with the possible assistance of Dr. Ewen Cameron , a now - deceased notorious MK / ULTRA contractor .
" This thing is cursed and I do n't even believe in curses . "
Days after Gottlieb 's untimely death , Saracco told the author , " It took me completely by surprise .
I did n't know what to think . "
When Bibb heard the news his only remark was , " This thing is cursed and I do n't even believe in curses . "
Saracco officially requested a copy of Gottlieb 's death certificate " just to be sure , " as he put it .
Four weeks later , Saracco received an unexpected call from attorney Sidney Bender .
The judge in the Glickman trial , Dominick DiCarlo , just moments after the trial concluded and before the jury had deliberated , dropped dead while exercising in a federal court house gym .
" There are some irregularities , Miz Maas . "
Another Witness Dies
David W. Belin would also die before Saracco and Bibb could speak with him .
Belin , a prominent Iowa attorney , had been a top investigator for the Warren Commission and then later the executive director of the Rockefeller Commission that investigated the CIA in 1975 and was the first to reveal that Frank Olson had been dosed with LSD .
Exactly how investigators for the Rockefeller Commission came across the details of Olson 's dosing has never been adequately explained .
Nor have the details of the commission 's inquiry into the Deep Creek Lake meeting yet seen the light of day .
Saracco thought that an informal discussion with Belin could be helpful .
But the discussion would not be .
On Jan. 17 , 1999 , Belin died of head injuries suffered in a strange fall in a hotel room .
" [ Lashbrook ] did n't even go down to the street to see if Olson was still alive .
He told the police that he did n't see any reason to go down .
No reason ?
Can you believe that ?
I mean , what kind of animal reacts like that ? "
Other potential witnesses that Saracco sought out were more fortunate but went out of their way to avoid interviews .
Some refused to talk at all without clearance and assurances from the CIA .
One promising witness , a widely respected physician who worked in New York under CIA contract at the time of Olson 's death -- and whose name appears in several declassified CIA documents -- flatly denied that he had ever done anything for the CIA or that he knew anything about " anyone named Olson . "
One witness who did cooperate was Armond Pastore , the assistant manager at the Statler Hotel the night Olson died .
It had been Pastore who comforted Olson as he lay dying on the sidewalk .
The bloody and broken Olson desperately tried to speak to Pastore , but was not able to utter any coherent words .
It was Pastore , along with two New York policemen , who found Robert Lashbrook still in the hotel room he shared with Olson after Olson 's fall .
" He was just calmly sitting there waiting for the police to arrive , " Pastore said .
" Had he called down to the desk to report Olson 's fall ? " asked Saracco 's investigator .
" He did n't call down to the desk to report anything , " said Pastore .
" He did n't even go down to the street to see if Olson was still alive .
He told the police that he did n't see any reason to go down .
No reason ?
Can you believe that ?
I mean , what kind of animal reacts like that ? "
Lashbrook did , however , make at least one phone call according to Pastore .
" After the police took [ Lashbrook ] down to the 14th Precinct House for questioning , " explained Pastore , " I asked the hotel operator if any calls had been placed from Room 1018A , the room that Olson and Lashbrook shared .
The operator said she had placed one call .
You know how it was back then .
The operator placed the call for you and then stayed on the line to make sure it went through .
She told me that Lashbrook had her place a call to a number out on Long Island , to a hospital out there .
When a man answered , Lashbrook said , ' Well , he 's gone . '
And the man on the other end said , ' Well , that 's too bad , ' and hung up .
That was it .
Not another word . "
In early 2000 , Saracco and Bibb got their first major break in the case .
After being introduced to the author by Eric Olson some 16 months earlier , Saracco asked D.A. Robert Morgenthau to approve flying the author to New York for a meeting .
The purpose of the meeting was for the author to assist investigators in deciphering a number of puzzling aspects of the case and to discuss possible witnesses in the case .
Soon after this meeting took place , Saracco was contacted by a former intelligence official who claimed to have crucial information about Olson 's death .
Skeptical at first , Saracco requested that the official provide him with inconvertible documentation that the official had indeed worked for the U.S. intelligence community .
What he got in response left no room for dispute .
Project Artichoke
Through his new sources , Saracco learned that Olson was indeed given a small amount of LSD , about 70 micrograms .
But the dose had been mixed with Meretran , a drug that worked as an " added pressure mechanism to loosen tongues " and " persuade subjects to speak freely about matters they otherwise would n't share . "
The CIA and Army in the early 1950s commonly employed this technique as part of what they termed " Artichoke sessions . "
Project Artichoke was a top - secret program jointly operated by the Army , CIA , Office of Naval Intelligence , and several other federal agencies .
Contrary to the conventional literature about the CIA 's mind - control programs , Project Artichoke was not supplanted by the creation of MK / ULTRA .
Project Artichoke , which existed until at least 1956 , was aimed at creating new interrogation and behavior modification techniques , employed a wide variety of drugs including LSD , mescaline , MDMA , and heroin sometimes used in tandem with hypnosis and electroshock .
Frank Olson was a high level Artichoke administrator assigned to Camp Detrick 's ultra-secret Special Operations Division ( SOD ) .
Created in 1950 , SOD worked primarily on developing biological weapons and assassination devices for use by both the Army and CIA against targeted individuals and small groups .
Olson , who in his time with SOD served as both its chief and its director of intelligence and planning , was amply familiar with the effects of LSD and its use as an interrogation tool .
Olson , however , never suspected that the drug would be used against him , but that is precisely what occurred .
Saracco and Bibb were told that Olson was dosed at Deep Creek Lake because he had been talking to the wrong people about certain top - secret Army operations .
Said Saracco 's source , " The time had come for Olson to talk to the people that really kept the secrets . "
One particularly troublesome experiment talked about by Olson had been conducted overseas under the seemingly innocuous code name Operation Span .
The experiment had gone disastrously awry , killing several people and injuring many others .
CIA and Army documents reveal that the level of sensitivity about this operation being publicly exposed was extremely high .
This presumably was the " un-American " activity referred to in the Colby documents .
This best explained the " possible security violation " claim in the cryptic note found at Fort Detrick by the AP reporter as well as Lovell 's , " No inhibitions .
Baring of inner man " remarks .
Pieces of the puzzle were slowly falling into place .
Additional information concerning this scenario came from a top - secret document given to the New York prosecutors .
Written in December 1953 , about three weeks after Olson 's death , by Dr. Harold Abramson , the document confirmed that Olson 's drugging " had been performed especially to trap him . "
Further , in early 1954 , Abramson informed several CIA and Army researchers that Olson 's death was unconnected to LSD and was instead related to serious security breaches .
Supporting Abramson 's contentions was an internal CIA staff memo written to CIA Inspector General Lyman B. Kirkpatrick who had performed a perfunctory inquiry into Olson 's death .
" After the incident in [ Europe ] and subsequent statements made by Olsen [ sic ] to unauthorized personnel in the field and at his post , " read the memo , Lovell was livid and confronted Schwab . "
( Saracco took note that Kirkpatrick 's other notes on Olson 's death placed the word " suicide " in quotation marks . )
Saracco also learned that weeks after Olson 's death , Abramson confided to Dr. Paul Hoch , research director at the New York State Psychiatric Institute , that the " only person who knows the complete story about Olson 's death besides Col .
White is Lovell who had been concerned about Olson from the very beginning . "
Col .
White , of course , was George Hunter White , the Federal Bureau of Narcotics official who also covertly worked for the CIA .
During World War II , White recruited and trained assassins for the Office of Strategic Services ( OSS ) and played a key role in the OSS 's experiments with drugs for interrogation purposes .
White once quipped to a reporter , " Some of my best friends are murderers . "
After being recruited for Artichoke work by CIA counterintelligence chief James Jesus Angleton , White established a domestic Artichoke team that operated out of a CIA - funded safe house located in New York 's Greenwich Village .
Financing for the operation , which within about 18 months would be carried on the CIA 's financial rolls as MK / ULTRA Subproject No. 3 , came in the form of large cash payments hand delivered by Robert Lashbrook .
The money was then sometimes deposited into a checking account established by White and Sidney Gottlieb .
In November 1953 , the month that Frank Olson died , White 's team received $ 3,800 for " services rendered . "
Additionally , other CIA financial records reveal that that Dr. Harold Abramson received $ 5,200 during the same time .
Here it is interesting to note that the bank account White opened was at the National City Bank of New York , which according to FBI records was then the financial institution of choice for criminal mastermind Meyer Lansky .
The Investigation Stalls
Jump to January 2001 .
By all appearances , Saracco and Bibb were closing in on a definitive finding of murder in the Olson case .
Following several exchanges of key information with their new sources , including a statement detailing Olson 's " murder " , the prosecutors felt confident that the Byzantine puzzle handed them years before was near fully assembled .
In February 2001 , Eric Olson 's high - powered D.C. - based attorney , Harry Huge , told the author that he was certain that Manhattan D.A. Robert Morgenthau would soon issue " a definitive finding of murder " in the Olson case .
Huge said that the long anticipated finding would serve to remove the legal obstacles confronting him and Eric Olson from the Olson family 's 1976 settlement agreement with the federal government .
Huge would then be free to file a massive lawsuit against the CIA .
Eric
Olson said the amount " we may be suing for could be as high as $ 50 million . "
At this time , the author also learned that Huge and Eric Olson had held confidential discussions with former CIA director James Woolsey , now a Washington , D.C. - based attorney .
Reportedly , Huge had asked Woolsey to consider joining the looming case against the agency Woolsey once headed .
A July 23 , 2000 New York Times Magazine article by Andrew Cockburn revealed that recent litigation handled by Woolsey had made the former DCI acutely aware of the government 's abilities at duplicity and deception .
When this author asked Woolsey to comment , he said , " I have met with Mr. [ Eric ]
Olson at the request of his current counsel , a longtime friend and colleague of a number of people in this firm , but beyond that I 'm not saying anything . "
People who were following the Olson case closely at the time ventured that Woolsey and others close to the CIA were " concerned about undue exposure " of the long standing links between " reliable gangster types , " or those who lately have become more fashionably dubbed " unsavory characters , " and the nation 's intelligence community .
That these links were far more ubiquitous and stronger in the 1950s ( and beyond ) than were ever revealed was becoming apparent to many including the prosecutors in New York .
It is no great secret that the CIA still employs " unsavory characters " like those people who murdered Frank Olson .
A recent and good example is Guatemalan Col. Julio Roberto Alpirez who in 1990 directed the killings of Michael DeVine , an American citizen , and Efrain Bamaca Velasquez , a Mayan resistance leader married to American attorney Jennifer Harbury .
Alpirez was officially retained as a CIA informant and was paid at least $ 40,000 .
Revelations about Alpirez led to an investigation of the CIA by the President 's Intelligence Oversight Board , which found numerous killers and human rights violators working within the Guatemalan program .
This , as we have seen , was also true with the congressional hearings that revolved around the Frank Olson revelations and uncovered disturbing evidence of strong CIA alliances with organized crime .
Then , as now in the Alpirez case , the CIA covered up these crimes and did not report them as required by U.S. law .
In 1997 , citing CIA officers , the Washington Post reported that the CIA employed more than 1,000 unsavory informants worldwide , more than 100 of whom were confirmed assassins and torturers .
Today , with the events of 9 - 11 still at the forefront of the nation 's agenda , the issue of government - sanctioned assassinations and murder , and cautious alliances with unsavory characters and groups are heated topics of debate .
Said Eric
Olson to the author in early 2000 : " My father 's coffin has turned out to be a Pandora 's box .
It 's no surprise that the CIA 's unethical human experiments would turn out to be linked to assassinations . "
Said assistant D.A. Saracco the same year , " There are a lot of very strange twists and turns to the Olson case .
It 's an incredible case .
Day to day there 's no telling where things are going . "
While Harry Huge and Eric Olson were holding quiet discussions with James Woolsey , Saracco and Bibb were moving to formally depose their intelligence sources .
As might be expected , these sources -- due to concerns about security oaths and new federal laws about disclosure of national security information -- requested that they be granted immunity from the federal government .
The prosecutors , based on discussions with the CIA and Department of Justice , responded that federal immunity would probably be no problem , but first the names of the sources would have to be run by the CIA .
Obviously this put the sources at tremendous risk and what had been a cautious relationship began to crumble .
At the same time , Eric Olson 's relationship with the Manhattan 's D.A. 's office , which by all accounts had been a good one , also began to deteriorate .
Eric was growing increasingly frustrated with what he perceived to be as a lack of aggression on the part of the prosecutors .
Olson felt strongly that many leads and many witnesses were not being properly pursued .
During the initial part of the investigation Eric had been in near constant contact with Saracco .
Indeed , on his web site devoted to his father 's legacy , Eric with Madison Avenue - style flair states : " Successful prosecution of a case as complex and controversial as this one requires continuing public communication in order to obtain political support .
The prosecutors in New York have advised me to support the media 's interest in this sensational case with help in planning suitable reports and with participation in interviews . "
But not long after these words were written it became increasingly difficult for Eric Olson to get anyone in the D.A. 's office to return his calls or to answer his letters and faxes .
Something was wrong .
Said an angry Eric Olson to the author in December 2001 , " I have n't spoken to Saracco since May , when he gave so many ludicrous excuses for not having carried through on a huge variety of things that it just seemed ridiculous to continue the pretext of a dialogue with him .
It became inescapably obvious , as of course it had been for a long time , that [ Saracco and Bibb ] had been told not to pursue this , and that from the start their ' investigation ' has been a sham . "
( The author challenged this in an e-mail message to Eric Olson , pointing out that prosecutors traditionally work in secret and share little with anyone .
I said , as I did in Part One of this article , that Saracco and Bibb had been " meticulous . "
Olson fired back , " Anyone who says that is not to be trusted . " )
Ironically , at the same time that the various relationships began to crumble , Saracco and Bibb were finally making headway in nailing down the identities of two mysterious men who sources had told them were in the Statler 's Room 1018A at the time of Olson 's death .
The two prosecutors were able to track one of these men to his last known place of residence in New England , but there the trail grew cold .
A query from the district attorney 's office to the CIA about the man 's relationship with the government brought the reply that the agency was unable to locate any records concerning the man .
Inquiries from New York to other agencies , including the FBI , produced responses that records concerning the man were still classified due to his connections to other cases including the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
Said Saracco to the author , " Something instinctively told me all along that this case would hook up to bigger things . "
The day after the horrendous events of 9 - 11 , Harry Huge called Olson and said that he was sorry but he could no longer handle his case and lawsuit .
" I have to leave the case , " Olson recounts Huge saying .
" A couple of my other cases have really exploded on me . "
Said Eric , " Harry , I 'm so far out on a limb I can't even see the tree … .
And this has nothing to do with the fact that the World Trade Center was bombed yesterday ?
That 's just a coincidence , right ? "
" I did n't even think of the timing , " Olson says Huge replied .
Why Olson Was Murdered ?
In mid-April 2001 , Olson received a telephone call from a man named Norman Cournoyer .
A close friend and colleague of Frank Olson at Camp Detrick , the 82 - year old , wheel - chair bound Cournoyer had read an April 1 New York Times Sunday Magazine article about Eric Olson written by Michael Ignatieff .
On May 19 Eric Olson visited Cournoyer at his Amherst , Mass . , home .
Cournoyer in the 1940s -- at the rank of army major -- served briefly as Frank Olson 's superior .
In the late 1940s , Cournoyer left the army and , according to Eric Olson , " took over the food service operation for Camp Detrick . "
Not long after that Cournoyer bought a local restaurant and ice cream factory in Frederick , Md. Olson says , " I remember going there with my father as a boy , sitting at the counter eating ice cream sundaes while [ Cournoyer ] and my father talked . "
In Amherst , Cournoyer related a series of what Olson termed " crucial elements " to his father 's story .
First , Cournoyer said that Eric 's father " worked for the CIA , " not exactly a startling revelation given that both this author and then the D.A. 's office had confirmed that and passed it on to Eric Olson two years earlier .
Secondly , Cournoyer told Olson that " sometime in 1946 - 47 " Frank Olson " became active in the so - called Bluebird and Artichoke interrogation projects being set up by the CIA . "
This element seems quite dubious , as anyone familiar with basic CIA history will note .
The CIA was not yet formed in 1946 and , more to the point , the Bluebird and Artichoke projects did not exist until early 1950 ; the Bluebird Project was initially approved by DCI Admiral Roscoe Hillenkoetter on April 20 , 1950 and was renamed Artichoke on Aug. 8 , 1951 .
The more " crucial element " related to Olson by Cournoyer concerned the Korean War .
Said Cournoyer , according to Eric , " Korea is the key . "
By this Cournoyer meant that there was a nexus between Frank Olson and what he claimed , according to Eric Olson , was the use of biological weapons in Korea on a limited basis by U.S. forces .
Apparently , Cournoyer offered nothing more definitive than this generalization ( a charge that has been made many times since 1953 ) .
Olson offers , " This information also fits closely with what [ my mother ] had repeatedly said about [ my father 's ] sate of mind in the period prior to his death .
[ My mother ] had always insisted that Frank had been very worried that the United States may have been employing biological weapons in Korea .
But she did not know whether her husband knew the truth about this or not , or even whether he would have been in a position to know . "
Frank Olson's Second Burial
Frustrated about his inability to gain a new attorney in place of Huge and about the silence coming from the Manhattan district attorney 's office , Olson decided in mid-July 2002 to rebury his father 's remains that had been sitting in cold storage for nearly eight years .
On Aug. 9 , 2002 , Frank Olson 's survivors , sons Eric and Nils , Eric 's son , Stephen , and Nil 's two daughters , Lauren and Kristin , once again laid Frank Olson to rest alongside Alice Olson in Mt. Olivet Cemetery in Frederick , Md . The day before , Eric and Nils held a press conference in the backyard of the house that their father and mother had built in 1950 .
Like the press conference of 1975 , the day was warm and sunny , however , press attendance was sparse .
Failing to attend were reporters from the Washington Post and New York Times , newspapers that had essentially carried the weight of the Olson revelations in 1975 .
According to Eric , the New York Times demanded a pre-press conference exclusive that he was unwilling to grant .
" Events seem to be ordered into an ominous logic . "
The day after Eric Olson arrived home from his meeting with Norman Cournoyer , he received word from New York that a very close friend had been found dead outside her apartment on West 86th Street .
Susannah McCorkle , a 55 - year old jazz singer , had apparently jumped from her apartment window to her death .
Months earlier , Eric Olson and Saracco had gone to hear McCorkle sing at the Oak Room in the Algonquin Hotel , a favorite haunt during the '50s of George Hunter White's .
A June 3 , 2002 New York magazine article reported that in 2001 McCorkle and Eric Olson spent hours together talking about the technical aspects of Eric 's father 's suicide .
According to the New York City police department , McCorkle left a suicide note but the police refused to reveal its contents .
Four days after Olson 's visit to Cournoyer , he received a telephone call from Cournoyer 's wife .
She was calling to tell him that his visit with her husband had placed so much stress on him that he was now very ill and in the hospital .
There were serious concerns that he had suffered a stroke .
Mrs. Cournoyer , according to Olson , said that his illness " Had much to do with concerns about the impact that his revelations might have on his children and grandchildren . "
Weeks later , Cournoyer reportedly began putting distance between himself and what he had allegedly told Olson .
He told one television reporter who telephoned him that he could n't recall the details of his conversation with Olson .
A Cournoyer family member who refused to be identified for this article told the author , " Everything about all of this has been greatly distorted without any thought or concern at all about Norman . "
A few days after Susannah McCorkle 's death , on May 26 , one of Saracco 's former intelligence agency sources drowned in a boating accident while fishing off the coast of a southern state .
A confidential message to the New York district attorney 's office about the death , sent by another source , went unanswered .
At Frank Olson 's reinterment ceremony , a minister read the words : " And he said to me , ' Son of man , can these bones live ' ?
And I answered , ' O Good Lord , thou knowest . ' "
And events continued to be ordered into an ominous logic .
Fifty years beyond his fatal fall , Frank Olson has become a character deeply embedded in America 's cultural landscape .
Indeed , Frank Olson is a dark icon in the chambers of horror known as behavior modification , mind control , and germ warfare .
On the Internet , Olson is celebrated in an epic poem that bears the refrain , " Frank Olson is flying , And it 's a long way down . "
A rock band has adopted the name MK / ULTRA in mock homage to the top - secret program Olson labored for .
In the popular film Conspiracy Theory , the same deep black program is cited by Mel Gibson 's character as the cause of his bizarre and manic behavior .
Another musical group , Boards of Canada , have symbolically placed their ambient composition , Olson , at number thirteen on their popular CD .
In Norman Mailer 's fictionalized magnum opus on the CIA , Harlot 's Ghost , Frank Olson is the nameless , but perhaps ultimate , VICTIM .
Popular crime - fiction writer , Elmore Leonard , adopted the absurdity of Olson 's alleged suicide in his thriller , Be Cool , transposing it to suit recurring character , Chili Palmer .
Even eloquent junkie and Beat author , William S. Burroughs , weighed in with his own spin on Olson 's death in his collected essays , The Adding Machine .
Hardly a factual book about the CIA has been published in the past twenty - five years that does not contain some mention , or note of suspicion , regarding the Olson case .
The case has been the subject of numerous televised documentaries , including those produced by CBS , NBC , ABC , CNN , TBS , A&E , Unsolved Mysteries , Sightings , The Discovery Channel , and several foreign features made in Germany , England , Japan , and Australia .
Yet , ironically , despite all this scrutiny and attention , the only result has been a stark underscoring and deepening of the mystery of Olson 's story .
Did Frank
Olson jump or fall through a shaded , closed window ?
Or worse yet , was he pushed or thrown ?
And , if so , why ?
Today , the answers to these perplexing questions are slowly and painstakingly emerging .
What has stood for fifty years as one of the oddest and most puzzling " suicides " on record is being transformed into an explosive and unnerving story of murder and deception .
The brief history of a February 13 , 2000 front page article in the Sunday New York Times highlights the pending enormity and significance of the Olson case .
The article was about the murder of American citizen and journalist Charles Horman in Chile during the 1976 CIA - sponsored coup .
A newly - released U.S. State Department document revealed that Horman had been marked for execution and that the CIA " may have played an unfortunate part in his death . "
But that was the end of the story because the CIA -- other than to state that the document " does not say we were complicit in [ Horman 's ] death , it says there is circumstantial evidence " -- refused to comment and refused to release any of its own documents concerning the murder .
The story , which was briefly front - page news ( much like the Olson case ) , disappeared , and Horman 's family ( like the Olsons and others before them ) is left with no recourse , legal or otherwise .
Another sad saga to toss onto the cluttered heap of alleged CIA conspiracies and crimes .
But the facts slowly emerging out of the Olson investigation may have the effect of finally changing this sad status quo .
Despite that Frank Olson 's body is once again in the ground his story most assuredly cannot be buried .
In all likelihood , in the coming months the federal government will be called to task on events surrounding Olson 's death .
Congress may even be forced to once again investigate .
Last year , assistant district attorney Saracco said to the author , " Cases like this often take on a life of their own .
I 've seen it happen many times .
A case lies cold for years with nothing happening and then in the wink of an eye all hell breaks loose . "
End of Part Two .
Click here to read Part One of this article .
Additional Resources
Frank Olson Legacy Project .
Web site devoted to Frank Olson 's legacy , maintained by his son , Eric .
About the Author
H.P. Albarelli Jr. is an investigative reporter and writer who lives in the Tampa Bay region of Florida .
Other articles he has written about Frank Olson 's death , as well as about the post - 9/11 anthrax investigation , biological warfare , and other subjects , appear on the World Net Daily web site .
Other writings by Albarelli may be found in WITNESS , a literary journal , and Tampa 's alternative newspaper , The Weekly Planet .
A graduate of Antioch Law School , Albarelli has worked as a researcher , scriptwriter , and technical consultant on several television documentaries including A&E 's recent Investigative Report on Frank Olson produced by London 's Principal Films .
In 1977 - 80 , Albarelli worked in the White House under the Carter Administration and then later served on the Senior Policy Staff for the Service Employees International Union , AFL - CIO in Washington , D.C. Albarelli is a former board member of the London - based Transnational Information Centre and has traveled extensively throughout Europe , Asia , and Africa .
Albarelli's book , A Terrible Mistake : The Murder Of Frank Olson And The CIA 's Secret Cold War Experiments , will be published in 2003 .
3D Printed Face Shields Members of the Midsouth Makers are answering the call to 3D print protective equipment for those on the frontline of the COVID19 pandemic .
The Memphis tech community is mass producing PPE using the laser cutters available at Midsouth Makers and their personal 3D printers .
The first batch of nearly 500 face shields were delivered to the Memphis Medical Society for distribution to local healthcare workers .
Want to help ?
LEARN MORE > Add to Material Fund :
What is a Hackerspace / Makerspace ?
A Hackerspace is defined as a location where hacker minded individuals can gather to share interests , typically in science , mathematics , electronics , art , and / or crafting .
Hackerspaces are as unique as the cities they are located in .
No two spaces are alike .
Often referred to as a makerspace , hackerspaces are often hard to describe .
Our vision for what we want our Hackerspace to be is a community operated hackerspace to support member projects , and to provide a member accessible workshop .
Midsouth Makers ’ Mission
Midsouth Makers aims to sustain the first ever hackerspace within the greater Memphis area .
The goal of this hackerspace is bring in builders , tinkers , artists , makers , and doers together under one roof to form a makerspace .
By bringing together these people a common place can be established to meet and discuss ideas , explore various technical endeavors , and communicate these thoughts with individuals from various backgrounds .
Ultimately we seek to further our knowledge as individuals and as a group by learning what we can from each other .
Our Makerspace Goals
Everyone has their own goals for the group but these seem to be the recurring ones .
Find people who like to create things , share ideas , and collaborate with .
Work on individual and group projects .
Educate and inform others who would like to know how to do some of these kinds of projects .
Our Hackerspace Structure
Our hackerspace is largely member driven .
The vast majority of the decisions for the organization remains in the members hands .
It shall remain the exception to the rule rather than the norm that decisions are left completely in the hands of the board members .
We hope that with the organization remaining member run people will have a sense of ownership and pull within the group ’s actions .
Officially we are utilizing a board of directors structure .
We have , but do not limit ourselves to , a President , Vice - President , Secretary , Treasurer , Public Relations Director , and a Sergeant at Arms .
This is purely for the day to day business aspect of the group .
Since we are an incorporated entity ( we are currently a mutual nonprofit ) we need certain positions in place and names to go on the official paperwork .
The purpose of the board is specifically not tell individuals in the group what to do , but to keep these members within the realm of reality .
To also keep fresh minds with new ideas in place , there will be a yearly voting process at which point new officers are elected .
Check the contact page for the current board members and means of getting in touch with them .
Our Group History
We started as a group of people online with a common idea .
We had all heard about the idea of “ hackerspaces ” or “ makerspaces ” where geeks could come and work on projects together .
Coming to the realization that Memphis and the surrounding area has no such group , we decided it was time for one to exist .
We joined forces for the first time as a group on January 8th , 2010 .
It was at this first gathering that we decided on the name Midsouth Makers and thus incorporated it within the state of Tennessee .
While waiting for that paperwork to come back we were sent a bit of inspiration in the form of a visit from some Pumping Station :
One members .
It was from the encouragement of these visitors that we decided to hold weekly meetings .
Those meetings were likely the singular best thing we could have done yet .
Since then the meetings have continued to grow in size almost to the point of bursting .
Along with our paramount growth we have acquired a tax ID and a bank account to operate with !
In December 2010 , barely a year after founding our group , we moved into our first physical location at 2203 Freemont Rd. Memphis , TN 38114 .
Since then we have continued to work towards group and individual projects .
We have a nice array of tools in our shared shop space as well as the foundations of a member donated library with various tech manuals and books .
We have our very own server room that members are welcome to add to and we ’re in the planning stages of expanding to a digital library .
We have been fortunate in donations by various people , groups , and corporations in the Memphis area .
As of July 2012 , we relocated to a shop in the heart of Bartlett , TN .
Our current address is 2804 Bartlett Rd Ste # 3 , Memphis , TN 38134 .
As we grew in number and gained experience in playing host to a hackerspace and its rather unique challenges ( not to mention its rather unique members ) , we sought a space that would better serve our members and reach more potential Makers .
While our infancy on Freemont will be fondly remembered , our home in Bartlett is geared to support us as we continue to grow and build cool things .
The entire space is indoors and air - conditioned , with the garage door and ‘ shop ’ area able to be isolated from the rest for comfort .
We are located immediately next to the spacious W.J. Freeman Park , offering potential opportunities for aircraft , activities , or spousal / spawn distraction .
We are also central to many fine eateries , entertainment venues , and it does n’t hurt to have a Radio Shack 30 seconds ’ away .
Meeting Location & Time
Every Friday at 7pm
Informal meetings and open house at our space :
2804 Bartlett Rd , Suite 3
Memphis , TN 38134
( 901 ) 646-0676
Map : Google
This post was originally written by Paul Benvin way back in August of 2009 .
With the playoffs under way – we often think about some of the history , some of the superstitions and some of the lucky charms in hockey .
One such item , particular to the NHL , is the throwing of an octopus onto the ice in Detroit .
A strange sports custom if ever there was one .
Here now is that original post on the lucky detroit octopus .
***************
Al Sobotka , an affable man if ever there was one , is the building operations manager for Olympia Entertainment and the guy that has the enviable task — in hockey circles anyway — of resurfacing the Joe Louis Arena ice .
Remember that song I Wanna Drive the Zamboni ?
Well Sobotka is living the dream my friends .
He ’s been taking laps around the ice surface on that Zamboni of his for nearly 30 years , and is such a staple in Hockeytown that folks arrive early before games just to take pictures of him .
Hell , even the giant octopus that drops from the rafters before each and every Detroit home game is named after the guy .
Now that ’s respect ; I have a hard time getting a large enough space on the bed , and I bought the thing .
You might not know his name , but chances are you ’ve seen his face , because Al Sobotka is also the guy responsible for scooping dead octopi from the ice .
Not content to simply scoop - and - run , Sobotka turned the gooey chore into a crowd pleasing photo - op by gripping the deceased cephalopods high above his head and twirling them with reckless abandon during playoff games .
Here ’s a look :
As a matter of fact the practice has even earned Sobotka a place in Colin Campbell ’s heart :
In April of 2008 Campbell sent a memo to the Red Wings organization banning octopi-twirling because , as the memo stated , “ matter flies off the octopus and gets on the ice . ”
So there .
The Origins of the Detroit Octopus
For the true origins of throwing octopus onto the ice we must hearken back to the age of poodle skirts and The King of Rock and Roll himself , Elvis Presley .
Back in 1952 the NHL boasted a total of six teams , and because of the league ’s diminutive stature it only took a total of eight wins ( two best - of - seven series ) to clinch the Stanley Cup .
That ’s a far cry from today ’s NHL , where 16 wins secures a date with Lord Stanley , but I ’m sure you can imagine what those guys would have looked like — what with the primitive protection and all — if today ’s grueling playoff schedule was in place back then .
It would have been a massacre , and instead of being awarded a trophy teams would instead be treated to free room and board at Detroit Receiving Hospital .
It give me chills just thinking about it .
But I ’m getting off the subject .
It took eight games to win the Cup , so when Detroit swept the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Montreal Canadiens en route to their 1952 championship two Detroit area store owners —
Pete and Jerry Cusimano they were — threw the eight - tentacled beast onto the ice and the Legend of Detroit ’s Lucky Octopus was born .
Ever since then people have been lobbing the sea - born suckers onto ice surfaces all over the country .
In 1995 fans of the Wings threw 36 octopi onto the ice , including a ridiculously rotund 38 - pounder that was heaved — in tandem I presume — by Bob Dubisky and Larry Shotwell .
The two men were n’t done though , because the following year they topped their previous octo-put by 12 pounds , when the two covered the ice in 50 pounds of slimy octo-guts .
Al Sobotka
And Al Sobotka ?
You remember Al , right ?
Well he then proudly displayed the mutilated mollusk on the hood of his Zamboni between periods .
Talk about dedication to the job .
Of course other fans around the league have put their own spin on the octopus toss , but none ever caught on like the one born right here in Michigan .
In the ’95 series between Boston and New Jersey a fan of the Bruins threw a lobster onto the ice , and in ’96 fans of the Florida Panthers took to throwing thousands of toy rats whenever the Panthers scored .
Unfortunately for Panthers fans that practice was short - lived due to both the lengthy cleanup time involved as well as the Panthers eventual implosion in the Stanley Cup Finals that year .
There was also supposedly a guy who smuggled a 4 - foot leopard shark into the HP Pavilion during the Detroit / San Jose series in 2007 , but one has to question whether or not that was an inside job .
Security can’t be that lax , right ?
Then again anything ’s possible .
I mean Tampa Bay did win a Stanley Cup .
Kaspersky Lab , one of the leading security software vendors in the world , has patented a hardware - based antivirus solution in the United States .
The device is supposed to scan all data passed from the hard disk to the CPU and RAM , blocking any malicious code it detects .
The hardware antivirus device covered by patent number 7657941 is the brainchild of Oleg Zaitsev , Kaspersky Lab 's senior technology expert .
A Moscow Energy Institute graduate , Zaitsev joined the Russian security company in 2007 as a developer in its Complex Threat Analysis Group .
The innovative system is particularly effective at blocking rootkits or bootkits , complex threats that inject themselves into low - level system components .
These types of malware have so far proven difficult to detect and remove , even to otherwise capable software antivirus products .
In order to intercept and scan all data passed from the hard disk to RAM and CPU , the device can be connected to the system bus or can be integrated into the disk controller .
Its database of malware signatures can be updated in a secure manner .
In a press release , the vendor mentions a control utility , which allows for user interaction , but fails to specify if this is a software application or another hardware implementation .
In terms of integration into pre-existent setups , the device is very flexible and does n't require any additional hardware resources .
It comes with its own CPU and RAM and even supports a separate dedicated power supply .
Also , in addition to functioning as a standalone solution , the device can work together with other antivirus software .
" Antivirus solutions and malware are both types of software with similar rights .
This is where a hardware - based antivirus solution has a distinct advantage over conventional AV solutions because it monitors all attempts to access a memory device while remaining inaccessible to malware .
This is critical for fighting such sophisticated threats as rootkits and bootkits .
Moreover , the hardware antivirus solution integrates seamlessly with other security solutions , as well as with server software and specialized computers , for example ATMs , " Mr. Zaitsev explains .
By Zach Fox
Recent legislation that increased the net operating loss carryback provision to five years from two years added billions of dollars to homebuilders ' earnings reports during their most recent quarters , turning losses into profits for several builders .
And according to some industry observers , the provision was so lucrative that it might have kept a pair of weaker builders out of bankruptcy court .
In all , homebuilders recorded $ 2.30 billion in income tax benefits during their most recent quarters , according to SNL Financial .
That figure does not represent the net operating loss carryback benefits alone ; rather , it shows all income taxes and benefits combined .
It includes some builders that actually paid taxes , such as NVR Inc. , which reported a loss during just one quarter in the last three years — meaning the company did not have many losses to carry back .
The tax benefit was so large that it might have been the only reason two builders did not go under , Vicki Bryan , a senior high - yield analyst at Gimme Credit , told SNL .
" This is so important that it might have saved the weakest ones , Hovnanian [ Enterprises Inc. ] , Beazer [ Homes USA Inc . ]
They looked like they were headed to bankruptcy , " she said .
Robert Curran , managing director at Fitch Ratings , does not quite agree that Hovnanian and Beazer might have been headed for bankruptcy court if not for the carryback expansion to five years , which was included in the homebuyer tax credit extension and expansion .
However , Curran told SNL that the pair of struggling builders might have been forced to file for bankruptcy protection if not for earlier tax benefit legislation .
" That 's certainly a possibility if you take into account earlier tax refunds .
The current tax refund is not so much the issue , but in the past , [ tax benefits ] contributed to the liquidity position , and [ Hovnanian and Beazer ] have been in , particularly earlier , rather tentative positions , " Curran said .
Curran and Bryan both said tax benefits distorted earnings during the builders ' most recent quarters .
According to SNL , nine builders reported pretax losses but swung to profits after accounting for the tax benefits .
All but one of the builders covered by SNL beat Street estimates , many by large margins .
Hovnanian , which recorded an income tax benefit of $ 291.2 million , posted the largest EPS beat at $ 3.42 .
Pulte Homes Inc. was the only miss , falling short of the Street estimate by 12 cents per share .
The company reported the sector 's largest income tax benefit at $ 800.3 million ; Pulte also reported significant impairment charges , totaling roughly $ 925 million .
Curran and Bryan both declined to call the builders ' most recent quarters profitable .
" They 're still losing money , " Curran said .
" This is just because of a tax benefit , so the typical builder , although they may have slimmed their loss , they 're still losing money .
And these are the public companies ; the private builders , for the most part , are in much worse shape . "
Bryan echoed that sentiment , adding that she is also concerned the cash infusion from the tax benefit might cause builders to stray from the conservative tack they should be taking .
" My problem is I think their behavior is being altered with these tax refunds coming in , " she said .
" It 's not their money ; it 's somebody else 's money . "
In particular , Bryan pointed to Hovnanian , noting that the company plans to spend $ 140 million on land in 2010 while the company 's annual interest cost is $ 194 million .
The builder 's debt is 116 % of revenue , according to Bryan .
" They 're spending almost as much in land as they have in interest costs that they 're not covering , " she said .
" So that 's why I focus on cash flow from operations … and what do you got ?
You 've got a big - time negative for Hovnanian when you net out the tax refund .
But they 're shopping .
Yay !
Credit card !
Hoo - hoo ! "
And with appetite for land already high , Bryan is worried the extra infusion of cash from the tax credit could create artificially high land prices .
Still , Curran said few land deals have closed , meaning the extra cash might not translate to land spending .
Yet hoarding cash appears to be the modus operandi for builders , and the tax benefit has aided that effort .
As an example , Curran points to M.D.C. Holdings Inc. , which has a large cash position and still issued debt recently to further increase cash holdings .
" That could be from the perspective that companies think things will potentially remain uncertain for a number of years yet to come .
It could also be a case where the companies would be welcoming in the capital to help fund land purchases down the road to take advantage of a recovery .
So it 's two - pronged in that regard :
It 's insurance , if you will , and also ammunition . "
A pair of housing experts in California , home to some of the largest housing crashes in the nation , said the net operating loss carryback extension and expansion will do nothing to mend the housing market .
" Of course not .
They 're not building any homes ; there 's still too many of them kicking around , " Christopher Thornberg , a principal at Beacon Economics in Los Angeles , told SNL .
" Permits , starts are still flat ; they 're still at a bottom .
It 's a bailout .
It 's a bailout for builders .
It 's a bailout for Robert Toll .
They 're bailing out Robert Toll .
Repeat after me , they are bailing out Robert Toll .
What 's wrong with this picture ? "
When asked whether there were any positives to come out of the net operating loss carryback extension and expansion , Thornberg said , " No , no , no , no , no , no , no .
No. Nothing .
There 's nothing to build ; there 's an oversupply .
If anything , they 're making it worse because they 're encouraging construction when we need to burn off our existing supply first . "
Though it might not seem possible , San Diego - based real estate consultant Ramsey Su was even harsher .
" It 's a total freebie .
It 's one of the worst policies .
It 's a total payoff .
There was hardly any discussion and it was snuck into that other bill .
It just got passed because everybody got paid off , " Su told SNL .
" It 's probably the worst act of corruption , but how are you going to show that ?
If you go near someone , they 're going to say , ' We have to stimulate construction jobs . ' "
And even with the cash infusion , builders might have a rough time moving forward .
Fitch 's Curran expects an " uneven recovery " for housing .
Bryan , the Gimme Credit analyst , agreed that a return to sustained profitability will take awhile .
" At the end of the year , the builders were in worse financial shape than they 've been in decades , maybe ever . …
This year I , like just about everyone else , think they 'll probably do better than last year , " Bryan said .
" But jeez , that 's kind of like , 'my left arm was shlopped off with a machete [ and ] this year I do n't think my right arm will be . '
Is that better ?
We 're still kind of bad off . "
The U.S. Joint Forces Command published “ The Joint Operating Environment ” report which “ seeks to provide the Joint Force an intellectual foundation upon which we will construct the concepts to guide our future force development . ”
While many of the predictions may not be completely accurate , they are based on trends , challenges and current opportunities .
The 74 - page detailed report covers areas such as war in the 21st century , globalization , cyber , climate change and natural disasters to food , water and urbanization .
An alarming chapter of the report was the section on energy .
“ By the 2030s , oil requirements could go from 86 to 118 million barrels a day . ”
The report shows graphs for the projected energy resources and the future world oil production including development of new discoveries , non-conventional oil , enhanced oil resources , development of existing reserves and existing capacities .
The report summarizes the current energy crisis by stating that “ energy production and distribution infrastructure must see significant new investment if energy demand is to be satisfied at a cost compatible with economic growth and prosperity . ”
The report puts future energy resources into 7 different categories : non-organization of petroleum exporting countries ( OPEC ) oil , oil sands and shale , natural gas , biofuels , renewable , nuclear , and OPEC .
The report is to remind the country of how the world is changing , and how we can make any necessary changes today that will impact the current and more importantly , future environment .
J.N. Mattis , the General of the U.S. Marines and Commander of the U.S. Joint Forces Command , states in the introduction letter that “ there is a strong note of urgency in our efforts to balance the force for the uncertainties that lie ahead .
The JOE gives focus to those efforts which must also embrace the opportunities that are inherent in the world we imperfectly forsee . ”
Matt Smith and Karen Gillan do some stargazing , only to find that the ground underneath them is none too steady , in the gloriously silly second trailer for Doctor Who season five ( or season one , depending ) .
Check it out !
Advertisement
< span class=" mceItemObject " classid=" clsid: D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553566000 " codebase= " http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=9,0,28,0 " width = " 660 " height = " 300 " title= " flash " > < span name = " movie " value = " http://jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-personal-injury-civil-rights-ph.eggzack.com/css/jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-personal-injury-civil-rights-ph/lessinlaw.swf " class=" mceItemParam " ></ span > < span name = " quality " value = " high " class=" mceItemParam " ></ span > < span class=" mceItemEmbed " src= " http://jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-personal-injury-civil-rights-ph.eggzack.com/css/jeffrey-r-lessin--associates-personal-injury-civil-rights-ph/lessinlaw.swf " quality =" high " pluginspage = " http://www.adobe.com/shockwave/download/download.cgi?P1_Prod_Version=ShockwaveFlash " type=" application / x-shockwave - flash " width = " 660 " height =
" 300 " ></ span > </ span >
Personal Injury Law Firm serving Pennsylvania
If you or a loved one has suffered a life - changing injury in an accident that was the result of someone else 's negligence , the personal injury law offices of Jeffrey R. Lessin & Associates , P.C. , can change your life .
For more information about our quality representation , contact the Philadelphia law firm of Jeffrey R. Lessin & Associates , P.C. , to meet with us about your accident and injury .
There is never a fee for a consultation , and there are no attorney fees unless you receive compensation for your injuries .
After more than 60 years of combined personal injury experience , our Philadelphia personal injury attorneys know that no amount of money will eliminate the pain and suffering your family has endured because of your injuries .
The truth is your life may never be the same for you , your spouse , or your other family members after a life - altering injury .
That is why our experienced Pennsylvania trial lawyers fight aggressively to get the maximum settlement the law says you are entitled to after suffering a catastrophic injury .
In many cases , your settlement has to support your family for the rest of your life .
We simply do not accept what insurance companies say your life is worth .
Jeffrey R. Lessin & Associates , P.C. , is one of Pennsylvania 's most recognized personal injury litigation and civil tort resolution law firms .
We are proud of our record of million - dollar settlements and jury awards for people who have suffered life - changing injuries .
Our experienced trial lawyers do n't settle for less than the maximum amount the law says you are entitled to for your injuries .
Our Philadelphia accident and injury lawyers aggressively advocate for accident victims and their families .
Our attorneys handle complex personal injury litigation arising from :
In addition to personal injury litigation , we also handle cases pertaining to civil rights violations , bad faith insurance claims and legal malpractice .
If you , or a family member , have been seriously injured in Pennsylvania , contact our PA personal injury lawyers to meet with us about your claim .
Screenshots
Summary
Conquer the Galaxy like never before !
Galcon Fusion is an awesome high - paced multi-player galactic arcade - strategy game .
Send swarms of ships to defeat enemy planets and conquer the universe !
Video
Reviews
" Galcon Fusion is one of those games you 'll play over and over again . " - Jay is Games
" Galcon Fusion is a great example of an iPhone game that translates extremely well to the iPad .
With HD graphics , easy to learn touch - screen controls , multiple game types , and multiplayer online matches , this game is great for any iPad owner who likes challenging strategy games . " - cnet reviews
" Galcon Fusion is the essential real - time strategy game -- the genre boiled down to it 's essence .
It 's a simple game that remains addicting and fun despite being able to count the rules on one hand . "
" A game of Galcon can take less than a minute , yet it 's addictive , simple and loads of fun . " - Gamers With Jobs
Read MORE
Reviews !
Description
Winner of the 2009 Independent Game Festival Mobile Innovation in Mobile Game Design Award .
Beautiful new HD graphics
Full - length interactive soundtrack
Multi-player , team games , and solo missions
Achievements and detailed rankings
Variety of games including Stealth and Assassin
Retro -mode for when you want to LIVE THE 80's !!
Colorblind support for up to 4 players
[ More Screenshots ] [ i Pad Screenshots ]
Hadiah Poker Online Terbesar ialah Mobil yang didapat juga berupa uang autentik nantinya , untuk itu bagi yang belum mengetahui agen ini lebih dekat .
Aku berharap mengenalkannya terhadap para penjudi , supaya nantinya bisa mengerjakan taruhan dengan agen idn poker online ini yaitu bigpoker 88 .
Saat para pemain berharap bergabung dengan agen ini , para pemain semestinya menyediakan data [… ]
University of Nevada students have started protests over education cutbacks .
Students should indeed be protesting .
However , they are protesting the wrong thing !
To help straighten this out , please consider UNLV Students Walk Out of Classes in Budget Protest .
College students around Las Vegas are demanding lawmakers leave higher education alone .
To prove just how serious they are about fighting back , hundreds walked out of class Tuesday and headed to the Grant Sawyer Building , where lawmakers were holding an finance committee meeting , to make sure leaders get the point .
" I think people are fired up .
It is very clear that we are not going anywhere and it's very clear that we are serious about what we want , " said student Michael Flores .
Nevada Assembly Speaker Barbara Buckley and Senate Majority Leader Steven Horsford , and others , came to thank the students for their passion .
" Can there be some level of cuts ?
Yes .
But can it be 30 - percent ?
No , " said Buckley .
University Salaries
Addendum :
This needs to happen at an increasing national scale in order to reach the critical mass of mass - social recognition that at half or more of current college students are wasting their parents ' money ( or the money they must borrow ) and their own time pursuing credentials which will see continuing diminishing returns into the future to the point that the net benefit from a bachelor 's degree from the '90s hereafter will be perceived as meager to non-existent .
The US economy has created no net new private sector payroll jobs in 11 years , whereas males age 24 - 54 have seen no net increase in payrolls in 13 - 14 years and counting .
In effect , with such punitive taxes on labor and little or no private sector growth possible because of Peak Oil and debt deflation , it increasingly does not pay to work for a private wage or salary in the US .
Thus , borrowing and / or spending out of pocket tens of thousands to a few hundreds of thousands of dollars for 4 or more years of post - secondary " education " in a discipline other than the life and physical sciences , medicine , or engineering is hardly more than funding bloated state and private school bureaucracies and their increasingly unsustainable pension fund assets and payouts .
Video : Wedge OFFSTAGE im Raum 13 , Köln
Dreckig und schmutzig darf es sein , sagt Gitarrist und Sänger Kiryk .
Sauber und glattpoliert ist es in der Köln - Mülheimer Industriebrache auch nicht .
Hier stehen Wedge im Innenhof des ehemaligen KHD Geländes .
Ihr Sound erinnert an die Bands der 1960 ´er und 70 ´er Jahre , an Legenden wie Deep Purple , oder Jimi Hendrix – nur eben dreckiger .
Dafür braucht es eine Fuzzbox .
Ein elektrisches Effektgerät , dass Kiryk mit dem Fuss bedient und seiner E - Gitarre die verzerrten Töne entlockt .
Zum Glück stehen die meisten Gebäude in der Umgebung leer , denn leise können Wedge nicht spielen – gut so !
| video
The parents of Indian toddler Gurshan Singh say they are relieved that one of their housemates has been charged over the boy 's death .
Twenty - three - year - old Indian taxi driver Gursewak Dhillon has been charged with manslaughter due to criminal negligence .
Police told an out - of - sessions court hearing last night that Dhillon admitted putting the unconscious three - year - old into the boot of his car and driving around with him for three hours before dumping him without checking whether he was alive .
The toddler 's body was later found by a council worker .
The court did not hear evidence of how the boy came to be unconscious and the cause of his death has yet to be determined .
The hearing was told Dhillon is not related to the boy but was living in the same house as the boy and his parents .
Family spokesman Tim Singh Laurence says it has been a highly emotional few days for the boy 's parents , and they are relieved that a charge has been laid .
" [ They ] were not just coping with the loss of a three - year - old , but also coping with not knowing what would happen .
So that is some small relief , thanks to the Victoria Police , " he said .
" They were also touched by people who sent messages of support from all over the state , from all communities and from all faiths . "
He says the boy 's parents desperately want to bring his body home .
" Focused clearly on recovering the body of their child and they 're focused on taking the child back to where their family and community is and following the Sikh customs there to lay their child to rest , " he said .
Victoria Police Senior Sergeant Carla Dennis said Dhillon shared a house with the dead boy 's parents .
" He was one of three couples living at that David Street Lalor address .
There were three couples plus two other gentlemen and little Gurshan living there as well , " she said .
She said Dhillon did apply for bail , but had nowhere to stay .
" The bail justice remanded him and he 'll be appearing before the Melbourne Magistrates Court tomorrow . "
After an investor visit with Electronic Arts , analyst Michael Pachter said that the publisher is planning a strategy that will involve selling " premium downloadable content " before a packaged game 's release .
According to a Monday investor note from Wedbush Morgan 's Pachter , Nick Earl , general manager of EA - owned Dead Space studio Visceral Games , revealed the new strategy .
Pachter wrote , " The PDLC would be sold for $ 10 or $ 15 through Xbox Live and PlayStation Network , and would essentially be a very long game demo , along the lines of 2009's Battlefield 1943 . "
He added , " A full - blown packaged game would follow shortly after the release of the PDLC , bearing a full retail price .
Mr. Earl believes that the release of the PDLC first limits the risk of completing and marketing the full packaged version , and serves as a low - cost marketing tool . "
Pachter separately told Gamasutra in an email , " I think that the plan is to release PDLC at $ 15 that has 3 - 4 hours of gameplay , so [ it has ] a very high perceived value , then [ EA will ] take the feedback from the community ( press and players ) to tweak the follow - on full game that will be released at a normal packaged price point . "
" If DICE were able to follow Battlefield 1943 with a full - blown European WWII campaign game a few months later , it would have been a wild success , " Pachter said .
He continued , " EA 's view is that the PDLC costs a lot less to develop ( essentially , it 's the first few levels of the full - blown game ) , and they have the opportunity to fix whatever needs to be fixed in the packaged product that is released a few months later , whether that entails doing more of what people like or doing less of what they do n't like .
It sounds like a brilliant strategy to me . "
Gamasutra has contacted EA for further clarification about the new strategy .
EA is becoming increasingly active in digital distribution and other online - focused revenue streams .
Aside from a $ 300 million acquisition of social gaming company Playfish last year , COO John Schappert recently said at both the DICE Summit and Game Developers Conference this year that the publisher would be using physical discs as the basis for digital strategies .
Pachter stated in his investor note that EA CEO John Riccitiello " said that the line between packaged product sales and digital revenues would soon begin to blur , as EA intends to exploit all of its packaged games with ancillary digital revenue streams . "
CFO Eric Brown also reportedly said that Visceral Games ' formally unannounced Jack the Ripper game will be a " new PSN , Xbox Live game . "
Last year , word emerged that EA trademarked " The Ripper , " leading to speculation about Visceral 's next project .
The studio just released Dante 's Inferno earlier this year , and is also working on Dead Space 2 .
Pachter said that EA has " missed expectations badly for two years running . "
But he also said he was " impressed " by Riccitiello 's candidness about the company 's current state and future prospects .
" We 've been wrong about this stock for almost five years .
Either we 're stupid , stubborn , or unlucky , but we 've been wrong .
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again , each time hoping for a different result , " Pachter wrote .
" This time , while we are again hoping for a different result , we see evidence that the company is not doing the same things over and over again : lower headcount , fewer facilities , fewer games , a greater use of outsourcing , innovative combinations of digital and packaged goods content , a better greenlight process and a growing digital business , " the analyst said .
" This time , we think that EA is on the right path . "
[ UPDATE : EA VP of corporate communications Jeff Brown told Gamasutra in an email that the publisher will continue to offer an array of pricing strategies to consumers .
He wrote in full :
"- EA is working on a number of projects for delivering premium content to consumers before , during , and after the launch of a packaged - goods version of the game .
- EA SPORTS , EA Games and EA Play are each experimenting with download strategies that deliver fresh game content in formats players want to experience .
- To date , there is no set pricing strategy for the entire EA portfolio .
And many of the proposals include free - to - play content on models similar to Madden Ultimate Team , Battlefield Heroes and Battlefield 1943 .
- None of the proposals call for charging consumers for traditionally free game demos . " ]
SAN FRANCISCO  Democrats in California revived a bill on Thursday that would create a single - payer , universal health care system in the state .
While the move came as questions arose over the prospects of Congress adopting national health care legislation , the author of the California bill , State Senator Mark Leno , said that the timing was coincidental .
Mr. Leno said it was basically a long - planned reintroduction of a 2009 proposal that was effectively tabled because of its potential cost .
But he did concede that Tuesday ’s special Senate election in Massachusetts , in which Democrats lost their filibuster - proof 60 - vote majority , was not completely lost on him .
“ Scott Brown did not push me to do this , ” said Mr. Leno , referring to the newly elected Republican senator from Massachusetts .
But , he said , “ as a result of Tuesday ’s election , there is ever greater need for leadership in state legislatures to reform health care . ”
Regardless of its relation to the debate in Washington , Republicans in Sacramento jumped at the opportunity to slam the Democratic plan , which would establish a statewide health care system to cover all residents , using a new state agency to negotiate and set fees for services and pay claims .
# 915703 +( 2156 ) - [ X ] < Dakara > what 's the name of that disease when you can't stop masturbating ?
< amaury > the Y chromosome
Robert Downey
Jr is negotiating a deal to star in Gravity , the 3D space film directed by Alfonso Cuaron .
Warner Bros and Legendary Pictures will co-finance the film .
Cuaron wrote the script with his son , Jonas .
Downey will play the leader of a team posted at a remote space station .
While he and a female colleague are traveling outside the space station , the other team members are decimated by debris from an exploded satellite .
Downey was drawn to the chance to work with Cuaron , the director of Children of Men and Y tu mama tambien .
Downey will shoot the film in London this summer .
Leave a Reply
GRAND RAPIDS , Mich . – Michigan State Attorney General and GOP candidate for governor Mike Cox does n’t want Michigan residents to have universal access to health care .
That ’s why he is joining with several other judicial activist Republican attorneys general to try to block President Obama ’s just - passed healthcare overhaul .
Apparently acting on behalf of the insurance industry and putting his personal ambitions above the needs of the state , Mike Cox wants to block Michigan residents from important consumer protections that will go into effect this year .
For example , prohibitions on denial of coverage to children with preexisting conditions will take effect this year .
In addition , parents will be able to keep their children on their insurance policies until eh age of 26 .
Cox does n’t want Michigan residents to have a chance to choose the same sort of health care coverage members of Congress now get under the Federal Employee Health Benefits program .
Best to leave those taxpayer - funded , government - run programs for the benefit of politicians , apparently .
Over the next couple of years , the President ’s health reform law will also prevent insurance companies from denying coverage to people with chronic medical problems or charging them higher prices – a reform Mike Cox is trying to kill .
Mike Cox also seems anxious to overturn provisions in the law that would eliminate insurance company discrimination against women .
Cox ’s action seeks to block provisions in the law that will make health insurance more affordable for working families .
The new law will provide subsidies to poor and middle - class families to ensure they have access to health coverage .
President Obama ’s health reform law also will provide subsidies for financially strapped small businesses so they can provide health benefits for themselves and their employees .
Why would Mike Cox work so hard to block this ?
Cox also seems to want to deny seniors new provisions in the health reform law that will close the so - called “ doughnut hole ” in prescription drug coverage .
Cox ’s anti-health reform politics might play well with a loud and rude minority in his Party , but they do not reflect the majority views of the country or the people of Michigan .
Cox seems anxious to associate himself with the Tea Party people who gathered at the Capitol last Sunday to hurl racist epithets at African American members of Congress ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/03/20/tea-party-protests-nier-f_n_507116.html) and have consistently attacked the President personally , and not just for his policies .
Michigan residents do n’t want their Attorney General to waste their tax dollars on his personal agenda .
They do n’t want to be the state that stood in the way of historic legislation that launched the first steps toward universal health care .
Hyenas use a " laughing language " to communicate with each other , scientists have learned .
The animals are famous for their manic giggling , especially around a kill .
But although they might appear to treat the business of survival as a joke , the laughing sounds have a serious purpose .
New research has shown that hyena laughter encodes complex information about age , status and identity .
It may also signal a call for help and co-operation in food contests .
Study leader Dr Frederic Theunissen , from the University of California at Berkeley , said : " The hyena 's laugh gives receivers cues to assess the social rank of the emitting individual .
" This may allow hyenas to establish feeding rights and organise their food - gathering activities . "
The US and French scientists recorded the calls of 26 captive hyenas at a field station operated by the University of California .
They found that variations in the giggles ' pitch and timbre helped the animals establish social hierarchies .
Laughter pitch indicated a hyena 's age , while differences in the frequency of notes encoded information about dominant and submissive status .
Giggles carried a " broad range of messages " that were informative enough to play a role in social interactions , the scientists reported in the journal BMC Ecology .
They pointed out that hyenas were highly intelligent animals capable of understanding complex relationships .
" Their substantial vocal repertoire should play a very important role , by providing eavesdroppers with a number of important clues about the emitters ' identity and characteristics , " the researchers wrote .
Dr Theunissen said giggles may also convey a message of " frustration " and a request for help when competing with other predators such as lions .
" Lions often eat prey previously killed by hyenas , " he said .
" A solitary hyena has no chance when confronted by a lion , whereas a hyena group often can ' mob ' one or two lions and get their food back .
Giggles could therefore allow the recruitment of allies .
" Co-operation and competition are everyday components of a hyena 's life .
When hearing a giggling individual , clan - mate hyenas could receive information about who is getting frustrated ( in terms of individual identity , age , status ) and decide to join the giggler , or conversely to ignore it or move away . "
The team plans to carry out further similar research while observing hyenas in the wild .
Hyenas are Africa 's most common large carnivore and one species is also found in Asia .
My Entrepreneurship Journey
My wife and I started our online store in 2007 because we wanted to run a " parent - friendly " business that would allow us to make a living while spending the majority of our time raising our kids .
Our initial goal was to only make $ 60 K / yr but our store ended up generating over $ 100 K in profit in our first year of business .
Since 2007 , it has grown in the double and triple digits and today , our little handkerchief store is a 7 figure business with employees and a warehouse .
Meanwhile , our online store has allowed my wife and I to spend most of our time with family .
I am very involved with my kids ' education and routinely tutor them in math and science .
I also coach basketball and volleyball for their sports teams .
Meanwhile , my wife volunteers heavily at their school and makes sure that they grow up to be good citizens : )
In any case , we created this website to help you start your own shop .
COPY PROTECTION & DIGITAL LICENSE MANAGEMENT
Entertainment is a great business .
By providing your products and services to the market you satisfy many people around the world .
They love entertainment and see great value in your games and video products .
We offer a wide range of innovative solutions that help you to convert more people who are interested in your products into paying customers .
By choosing from our product features , you can tailor our solution to perfectly match your product strategy .
The most efficient anti-piracy solution for PC games
Sony DADC is proud to offer the only Anti-Tamper solution effectively delaying PC games piracy which is widely adopted by major publishers and independent studios .
With an easy integration as a post - compiler step , Anti-Tamper is working on top of industry standard license management systems and supports major game platforms .
Protection for DVD - video and Blu-ray video discs
Screen Pass is the best solution to protect your DVD - video and Blu-ray discs from casual copying using PC based rip tools .
The protection is affectively preventing copy attempts from commercial and free copy tools .
During the automatic application of the protection , the user experience is not changed and compatibility with all software and hardware playback devices is ensured .
License management / DRM for games and software
SecuROM offers disc - based or serial - number - based authentication to protect your intellectual property and ensure proper user rights for your consumers .
SecuROM is conveniently applied and managed as the protection is automatically integrated into Windows or Mac binaries without any implementation work .
The SecuROM online backoffice allows to administer licenses , serial numbers and give consumer support 24/7 .
Join NHS
United to help protect our NHS
Our country is facing an enormous crisis .
The coronavirus pandemic has wreaked havoc on our already strained health service .
But there ’s hope .
The public outpouring of thanks for our NHS means this could be the moment we turn things around and come together to ensure it finally has what it needs to be the best healthcare system in the world .
By joining NHS United , you ’ll be the first to hear about ways to support our NHS and our healthcare heroes .
All you need to do is sign up here .
'' Ever since I was four I have been hooked on roller coasters .
It 's an escape from time because it takes you somewhere you do n't normally go , " he said .
Doctors treat millions of children with Ritalin every year to improve their ability to focus on tasks , but scientists now report that Ritalin also directly enhances the speed of learning .
In animal research , the scientists showed for the first time that Ritalin boosts both of these cognitive abilities by increasing the activity of the neurotransmitter dopamine deep inside the brain .
Neurotransmitters are the chemical messengers neurons use to communicate with each other .
They release the molecule , which then docks onto receptors of other neurons .
The research demonstrated that one type of dopamine receptor aids the ability to focus , and another type improves the learning itself .
The scientists also established that Ritalin produces these effects by enhancing brain plasticity - strengthening communication between neurons where they meet at the synapse .
Research in this field has accelerated as scientists have recognized that our brains can continue to form new connections - remain plastic - throughout life .
" Since we now know that Ritalin improves behavior through two specific types of neurotransmitter receptors , the finding could help in the development of better targeted drugs , with fewer side effects , to increase focus and learning , " said Antonello Bonci , MD , principal investigator at the Ernest Gallo Clinic and Research Center and professor of neurology at UCSF .
The Gallo Center is affiliated with the UCSF Department of Neurology .
Bonci is co-senior author of the paper , which will be published online in " Nature Neuroscience " on Sunday , March 7 , 2010 .
Bonci and his colleagues showed that Ritalin 's therapeutic action takes place in a brain region called the amygdala , an almond - shaped cluster of neurons known to be critical for learning and emotional memory .
" We found that a dopamine receptor , known as the D2 receptor , controls the ability to stay focused on a task - the well - known benefit of Ritalin , " said Patricia Janak , PhD , co-senior author on the paper .
" But we also discovered that another dopamine receptor , D1 , underlies learning efficiency . "
Janak is a principal investigator at the Gallo Center and a UCSF associate professor of neurology .
Lead author of the paper is Kay M. Tye , PhD , a postdoctoral scientist at the Gallo Center when the research was carried out .
The research assessed the ability of rats to learn that they could get a sugar water reward when they received a signal - a flash of light and a sound .
The scientists compared the behavior of animals receiving Ritalin with those that did not receive it , and found those receiving Ritalin learned much better .
However , they also found that if they blocked the dopamine D1 receptors with drugs , Ritalin was unable to enhance learning .
And if they blocked D2 receptors , Ritalin failed to improve focus .
The experiments established the distinct role of each of the dopamine receptors in enabling Ritalin to enhance cognitive performance .
In addition , animals that performed better after Ritalin treatment showed enhanced synaptic plasticity in the amygdala .
Enhanced plasticity is essentially increased efficiency of neural transmission .
The researchers confirmed this by measuring electrical activity in neurons in the amygdala after Ritalin treatment .
The research confirmed that learning and focus were enhanced when Ritalin was administered to animals in doses comparable to those used therapeutically in children .
" Although Ritalin is so frequently prescribed , it induces many brain changes , making it difficult to identify which of those changes improve learning . " said Kay Tye .
" By identifying the brain mechanisms underlying Ritalin 's behavioral enhancements , we can better understand the action of Ritalin as well as the properties governing brain plasticity . "
Explore further Adult ADHD linked with dopamine levels
Provided by University of California - San Francisco
“ In his closet , among his vestments , there hung on a clothes hanger a particular kind of belt for pants , which he used as a whip . ”
— From Why He ’s a Saint , by Msgnr. Slawomir Oder
Pope John Paul II , born Karol Wojtyla , beat himself with a belt in order to bring himself closer to Christian perfection .
So says Monsignor Slawomir Oder , the Vatican official at the head of the push for John Paul ’s canonization .
“ What makes this saintly ? ” a layperson might ask .
Many would associate whipping with the military penal code , the punishment of slaves , or even sadomasochistic sexual practices .
But in spiritual circles , flagellation is a vehicle for disciplining the body while honoring the absolute power of the deity who desires the individual to avoid sins of the flesh .
Violence Toward the Self , Violence Toward Others
While a spiritual practice that involves hurting the body might seem strange to contemporary ears , and even create some suspicion of psychological imbalance , mortification of the flesh has a long history within the Roman Catholic Church .
Within its spiritual tradition , acts of depriving , disciplining , and devaluing the body are rife .
Catholic philosophy insists that the body be controlled if a human being is to reach spiritual heights : the body is to be dominated by the soul , its superior partner .
Of course , this influences how the Church understands sexuality .
The connection of Catholic suspicion of the body and self - flagellation is well illustrated in the case of Peter Damian , an 11th - century bishop who promoted a harsh asceticism .
Among his writings is a treatise that praises self - flagellation as an invaluable means toward repressing the body ’s impulses .
Sexuality was a deep concern for Damian , who believed that sexual acts were a sacrilege ; celibacy and a renunciation of the erotic body was the proper road to Christian perfection .
Damian ’s hyperbolic language against the body and sexuality would meet its apex when he advanced a campaign to weed out priests in monasteries who were practicing same - sex acts .
With Damian , we have a church leader with an erotophobic ideology , a belief that sodomites deserve the death penalty , and a personal dedication to the spiritual act of whipping his own body in order to control its sexual drive .
Besides Damian ’s call for the death penalty for individuals who practiced same - sex behavior , there are other historical examples of a connection between flagellation and acts of violence against others .
In the 13th and 14th centuries , for example , self - whipping was associated with a spiritual sect called the Flagellants who practiced this act in public , shedding their own blood for others to witness .
This same group was committed to violent actions against the Jewish people .
Eventually , this militaristic group would be condemned as heretical by the Church .
However , flagellation itself has never been condemned .
In fact , members of the Church have typically associated it with “ saintly ” behavior and seen it as admirable .
“ Sexuality is a Gift ”
Catholic teaching , with its body - soul dualism , places a box around sexuality , allowing for highly limited and very specific sexual forms of expression .
In most of its history , the Catholic Church taught that sexual pleasure was not good for the human person .
The sexual act was solely meant for the procreation of children and taking pleasure in the act was potentially sinful .
As the teaching evolved in the 20th century , the Church finally taught that the sexual act and its associated pleasure could serve as a unifying inspiration for the couple in its bond .
But , even so , the sexual act needed to be controlled , connected to the possibility of procreation , and found within the limited circumstance of heterosexual marriage .
This is evidenced in the encyclical letter by Pope Paul VI , Humanae Vitae , which outlaws the usage of birth control in any circumstance .
The Catholic Church has attempted to incorporate more positive language about sexuality in more recent history .
In his encyclical Evangelium Vitae , Pope John Paul II himself states that “ sexuality is a gift ” which provides the person with an opportunity “ to give and receive love ” and , thus , find the meaning of life .
While more romanticized visions of sexuality are communicated , the limits on sexual expression and experience are unchanged .
Sexuality still needs to be controlled or it leads to sin and death .
Catholic Cover-ups
At the very time that Pope John Paul II was reinforcing the limitations of erotic desire and whipping his own body in order to unite his soul with Christ , the public at large was being introduced to the problem of pedophilia within the American Catholic Church .
Perhaps most disturbingly , we learned of the systemic coverups in which bishops reassigned priests , failed to involve the authorities , and looked the other way with full knowledge that sexual assaults were occurring .
The pedophilia crisis revealed the lengths which bishops and priests would go to protect an all - male celibate clerical power base .
The pedophilia crisis also demonstrates the implications of the Church ’s problem with sexuality found in both ideology and praxis .
We need to say plainly that the Catholic Church encourages its male priests to subordinate their sexuality and , in doing so , repress sexual desires .
This propagates an unhealthy acceptance of sexuality and a type of sexual immaturity .
The sexually immature priests end up expressing sexual desire with other “ innocents ” who also have not yet explored what it means to be sexual in a healthy and mature manner .
We should not miss the irony that within weeks of hearing of John Paul II ’s interest in flagellation , we learned of the depth of the cover-ups of pedophilia that occurred in Ireland and the newly emerging cases in Germany .
Indeed , the pedophilia crisis has gone global and word of Pope Benedict ’s own personal connection with the cover-ups in Germany show the breadth of the problem .
Promoting the holiness of a man by revering his denunciation of the body is telling .
Should we learn from him and subordinate our bodies to our souls ?
Will this make us perfect in Christ ?
Or , will it make us perfectly conflicted in our sexuality ?
Virginia Thomas , wife of Justice Clarence Thomas , has launched a " Tea Party - linked " lobbying group called Liberty Central — a move which , rightly or wrongly , is casting doubt on the political impartiality of the Supreme Court .
On the Liberty Central website , Mrs. Thomas notes her admiration for the both the Tea Party 's " citizen patriots " and Rush Limbaugh .
Justice Thomas , who was nominated by George H.W. Bush , is already a noted conservative — but could his wife 's lobbying activities affect his ability to weigh both sides ?
( Watch a Fox report about Virginia Thomas ' conservative group )
There 's no conspiracy here :
Why , in a " free country , " should " being married to Clarence Thomas " prohibit someone from becoming " involved in politics " ?
asks Kathryn Jean Lopez at the National Review .
Mrs Thomas has not kept people " in the dark " about her political beliefs .
On the contrary , she is very open about " Tea Parties and her new effort . "
Let 's move on .
" Not fit for politics "
This leaves the Court open to bribery :
It 's not that easy , says Michael Kieschnick in the Huffington Post .
What 's disturbing is that Liberty Central can accept " unlimited corporate contributions , " but has no obligation to " disclose them . "
That means Justice Thomas could theoretically " be rewarded for services rendered " in satisfying a particular donor 's interests and we'd have no idea .
Liberty Central needs to " voluntarily disclose " its contributors .
" How to bribe a Supreme Court justice "
This is n't what it seems : Liberty Central is n't a lobby group , says Ed Morrissey at Hot Air .
Its purpose is giving " grassroots activists " a " broader understanding of the philosophy of conservatism , " rather than engaging in much activism itself .
When the media accused Hillary Clinton of using her influence to shape her husband 's presidency , she " defiantly " said she was n't going to stay home to " bake cookies . "
The same applies here .
" LA Times suddenly wary of judicial activism "
.....................................
SEE MORE OPINION BRIEFS ON THIS TOPIC :
• Are Tea Partiers the new hippies ?
• Tea Party vs. Ron Paul
• Exploiting the Tea Party
• Beck vs. Palin : Battle of the Tea Party ' leaders '
Case closed , as far as Marvel ’s lawyers were concerned .
The Kirbys fired back on March 9 , filing a lawsuit with the Federal District Court in Los Angeles that argues the opposite .
From 1958 to 1963 , the period of Mr. Kirby ’s prolific career that is under scrutiny , “ Kirby worked solely on a freelance basis out of his own home , with his own instruments and materials , and thereby bore the financial risk of creating his copyrighted materials , ” according to the lawsuit .
Mr. Toberoff is poised to argue that Mr. Kirby — and , by extension , others like him — were selling their work on a freelance basis , rather than serving as hired hands .
THE Kirby case is virtually certain to reopen the much - chewed - over history of Marvel to an examination even more intense than it has received from comic book fans .
Many fans believe that Marvel and Stan Lee — who once wore varied professional hats , including editor in chief and publisher at Marvel — assigned too little credit to the contribution of an artist they like to call “ King Kirby . ”
Mr. Kirby has drawn lavish praise from such luminaries as the novelist Michael Chabon , who has described him as “ the Shakespeare or Cervantes of comic books . ”
Mark Evanier , who worked as an assistant to Mr. Kirby and wrote the book “ Kirby : King of Comics , ” said he expected to be called as a witness in the case and declined to comment .
Mr. Evanier testified in support of the Jerome Siegel heirs in their suit against Warner .
Mr. Lee , now 87 , will surely have his own version of past events and is almost certain to become a witness in the case if it goes to court .
Mr. Lee — who notably fought and won a profit - participation lawsuit with Marvel a decade ago — declined to be interviewed for this article .
If Mr. Lee is called to testify about Mr. Kirby , his testimony could be complicated by an expanded business relationship with Disney .
On Dec. 31 , Disney announced that it had paid $ 2.5 million to increase an already existing stake in POW Entertainment ( for Purveyors of Wonder ) , a company in which Mr. Lee is now a principal and the chief creative officer .
POW develops new characters and stories for use in comic books , films , digital media and elsewhere .
At the time , Disney said the investment was meant to obtain Mr. Lee ’s help in mining the Marvel library .
If Mr. Toberoff has his way , the picture painted in court will be one of chaos .
He says that during Marvel ’s early days — when Mr. Kirby was creating his superheroes — the company was a shoestring operation that was barely afloat .
“ There was no bullpen ; there was a one - man office , ” he said , contending that an industrywide decency code put so much pressure on Marvel that few at the company were worrying about contractual niceties with artists like Mr. Kirby that would have tidied up all of the legal issues surrounding work arrangements .
“ It ’s easy to imagine that nobody at the time was thinking about work for hire . ”
Here 's a nifty mod that gives users the ability to play emulated SNES games with a PS3 Sixaxis controller .
Just " fire up the N900's Bluetooth , then kick back and immerse yourself in a land of 16 - bit dinosaurs and chubby Italian plumbers .
" Video after the break .source [
Engadget
Conventional antidepressant treatments generally require three to four weeks to become effective , thus the discovery of treatments with a more rapid onset is a major goal of biological psychiatry .
The first drug found to produce rapid improvement in mood was the NMDA glutamate receptor antagonist , ketamine .
In a new issue of Biological Psychiatry , published by Elsevier , researchers from the National Institutes of Health report that another medication , scopolamine , also appears to produce replicable rapid improvement in mood .
Scopolamine temporarily blocks the muscarinic cholinergic receptor , thought to be overactive in people suffering from depression .
Drs. Wayne Drevets and Maura Furey recruited outpatients with major depressive disorder who were randomly assigned to receive placebo and then scopolamine treatment , or vice versa , in a double - blinded design so that neither the researchers nor the patients knew which treatment they were receiving .
" Scopolamine was found to reduce symptoms of depression within three days of the first administration .
In fact , participants reported that they experienced relief from their symptoms by the morning after the first administration of drug , " explained Dr. Furey .
" Moreover , one - half of participants experienced full symptom remission by the end of the treatment period .
Finally , participants remained well during a subsequent placebo period , indicating that the antidepressant effects persist for at least two weeks in the absence of further treatment . "
The efficacy of scopolamine is very interesting because the potent blockade of muscarinic receptors was a property of tricyclic antidepressant medications , the oldest type of antidepressants .
With these medications , the muscarinic receptor blockade was mostly viewed as the cause of unwanted side effects , such as constipation , sedation , and memory impairments .
Newer antidepressants , such as serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin - norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors , were explicitly designed to avoid blocking muscarinic receptors .
Yet , the current data raise the possibility that this strategy may have increased safety and tolerability of these medications at the expense of providing effective and timely relief for depression symptoms .
Dr. John Krystal , Editor of Biological Psychiatry , commented that these findings " have the potential to raise expectations for new antidepressant treatments .
Three - to - six weeks is a long time to wait for depression symptoms to be alleviated .
Depressed people describe their emotional state using terms like ' agony ' and others compare their condition to ' living in hell ' .
Further , depression is a life - threatening condition for some , preventing them from performing basic self - care functions or causing them to exhibit self - destructive behavior . "
Although these findings open the door to a conceptually different approach to the treatment of depression , it remains to be seen whether rapid acting antidepressant effects will be viable clinically .
One could imagine that they might mitigate hospitalization in some patients and enhance the overall effectiveness of the treatment of depression .
However , this possibility remains to be demonstrated empirically in studies that show that a rapid - acting antidepressant treatment can be smoothly transitioned to definitive long - term treatment for depression .
Administrative info
Contents
State - of - the - art algorithmic techniques and models for massive data sets .
Official description
Teachers
Inge Li Gørtz , inge@dtu.dk , office hours Friday 12.15-13.00 .
Philip Bille , phbi@dtu.dk , office hours Monday + Thursday 12.30-13.00 .
When and where
Monday 8.15 - 10 . Bldg. 308/Aud. 11 Monday 10 - 12 . Bldg. 308/1. floor south .
The course runs in the DTU spring semester ( Feb 3th to May 13th ) .
There is no teaching in the Easter break ( April 14th and April 21st ) .
Mandatory exercises
Use the template . tex file to prepare your hand in exercises .
Compile using LaTeX .
Upload the resulting pdf file ( and only this file ) via Campusnet .
The maximum size of the finished pdf must be at most 2 pages .
The exercise from week x must be handed in no later than Sunday in week x before 20.00 .
Collaboration policy for mandatory exercises .
You may collaborate with fellow students on the hand in exercises .
Collaboration is limited to discussion of ideas only , and you should write up the solutions entirely on your own .
Do not use or seek out solutions from previous years of the course , solutions from similar courses , or solutions found on the internet .
You should list your collaborators ( see the template ) as well as cite any references you may have used .
Weekplan
The weekplan is preliminary .
It will be updated during the course .
Under each week there is a number of suggestions for reading material regarding that weeks lecture .
It is not the intention that you read ALL of the papers .
It is a list of papers and notes where you can read about the subject discussed at the lecture .
Week 1 : Introduction and Hashing : Chained , Universal , and Perfect .
Week 2 : Predecessor Data Structures : x- fast tries and y - fast tries .
Week 3 : Decremental Connectivity in Trees : Cluster decomposition , Word - Level Parallelism .
Week 4 : Nearest Common Ancestors : Distributed data structures , Heavy - path decomposition , alphabetic codes .
Week 5 : Introduction to approximation algorithms : TSP , k - center , and vertex cover .
David P. Williamson and David Shmoys : The Design of Approximation Algorithms ( sections 1.1. , 2.2 , and 2.4 )
Jeff Erickson : Non-Lecture K : Approximation Algorithms
You can also read about some of these problems in Kleinberg and Tardos : “ Algorithm Design ” , V.V. Vazirani : “ Approximation Algorithms ” , Cormen , Leiserson , Rivest , and Stein : “ Introduction to Algorithms ” .
Exercises
Week 6 : Approximation algorithms : Stable matching and TSP .
Week 7 : Range Reporting : Range Trees , Fractional Cascading , and kD Trees .
Week 8 : Persistent data structures .
Week 9 : Union - Find and amortized analysis ( potential method ) .
CANCELLED !
Amortized Analysis :
Rebecca Fiebrink ’s notes on amortized analysis from Princeton .
Pawel Winter ’s notes on amortized analysis from DIKU .
R. E. Tarjan : Amortized Computational Complexity , SIAM .
J. on Algebraic and Discrete Methods Volume 6 , Issue 2 , pp. 306-318 ( April 1985 )
Union - Find :
Week 10 : String Indexing : Dictionaries , Tries , Suffix trees , and Suffix Sorting .
Week 11 : External Memory : I / O Algorithms , Cache - Oblivious Algorithms , and Dynamic Programming
FAQ
How should I write my mandatory exercises ?
The ideal writing format for mandatory exercises is classical scientific writing , such as the writing found in the peer - reviewed articles listed as reading material for this course ( not textbooks and other pedagogical material ) .
One of the objectives of this course is to practice and learn this kind of writing .
A few tips :
Write things directly :
Cut to the chase and avoid anything that is not essential .
Test your own writing by answering the following question : “ Is this the shortest , clearest , and most direct exposition of my ideas / analysis/etc . ? ”
Add structure :
Do n’t mix up description and analysis unless you know exactly what you are doing .
For a data structure explain following things separately :
The contents of the data structure , how to build it , how to query / update it , correctness , analysis of space , analysis of query / update time , and analysis of preprocessing time .
For an algorithm explain separately what it does , correctness , analysis of time complexity , and analysis of space complexity .
Be concise : Convoluted explanations , excessively long sentences , fancy wording , etc. have no in place scientific writing .
Do not repeat the problem statement .
Try to avoid pseudocode : Generally , aim for human readable description of algorithms that can easily and unambiguously be translated into code .
Examples for support :
Use figures and examples to illustrate key points of your algorithms and data structures .
How much do the mandatory exercises count in the final grade ?
The final grade is an overall evaluation of your mandatory exercise and the oral exam combined .
Thus , there is no precise division of these part in the final grade .
However , expect that ( in most cases , and under normal circumstances ) the mandatory exercises account for a large fraction of the final grade , and the oral exam is a “ fine tuning ” of your scores in the mandatory exercises .
What do I do if I want to do a MSc / BSc thesis or project in Algorithms ?
Great !
Algorithms is an excellent topic to work on 🙂 and Algorithms for Massive Data Sets is designed to prepare you to write a strong thesis .
Some basic tips and points .
Let us know well in advance : Identifying an interesting problem in algorithms that matches your interest can take time .
With enough time to go over the related litterature and study up on relevant topics your project will likely be more succesful .
It may also be a good idea to do an initial “ warm up ” project before a large thesis to test ideas or survey an area .
Join the community :
It is very good idea to enter the local algorithms community at DTU and the Copenhagen area to get a feel for what kind of stuff you could work on for your thesis and what thesis work algorithms is about .
Talk to other students doing thesis work in algorithms .
Go to algorithms talks and thesis defenses in algorithms .
Collaborate :
We strongly encourage you to do your thesis in pairs .
We think that having a collaborator to discuss with greatly helps in many aspects of thesis work in algorithms .
Our experience confirms this .
No strings attached .
Choosing a topic for your thesis is important .
You are welcome to discuss master thesis topics with us without pressure to actually write your thesis in algorithms .
We encourage you to carefully select your topic .
Unmarried fathers will be given the legal right to guardianship for the first time , under new legislation that has been proposed by the Labour Party .
If adopted , the Bill would effectively end the concept of illegitimacy in Ireland , even though the word itself is no longer recognised .
The Guardianship of Children Bill , published by the party yesterday , has its purpose the right of the child to the society of both parents .
As of now , Irish law does not fully respect the right of a child to know , and be cared for , by both parents .
There is no automatic registration of an unmarried father nor does an unmarried father have any automatic guardianship role .
This , in effect , excludes the unmarried father from all key decisions involving the child , the party argued .
Spokeswoman on social and family affairs Roisin Shortall said that the new Bill would enhance the rights of children and also ensure Ireland met its obligations under the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Equality spokeswoman Kathleen Lynch pointed out that there had been huge changes in Irish society since the current Act on guardianship became law in 1964 .
Almost a third of births now occur outside marriage .
“ Contrary to popular myth , this is not a phenomenon of teenage pregnancy , as the vast majority of single births are to mothers in their twenties and thirties , ” she said .
Senator Alex
White said it would bring the law into line with the reality of life .
“ Largely because of the peculiarly strong family provisions in Article 41 of the Constitution , we have failed to recognise that very many people nowadays live in stable relationships in families which are not families in the traditional sense , ” he said .
BioWare is a leader in role - playing games , but the company became famous for its stories : complex , branching narratives told through increasingly cinematic techniques , where players can form extensive relationships with their sidekicks and make weighty decisions about the fate of their world .
From the traditional fantasy of the Baldur ’s Gate series and Neverwinter Nights to the martial - arts pastiche of Jade Empire and the revelatory Star Wars : Knights Of The Old Republic — which gave George Lucas ’ franchise a bigger shot in the arm than the latest batch of films did —
BioWare has spent the decade refining the marriage of big cinematic moments to the genre ’s usual fighting and looting .
Advertisement
With two recent hits under his belt , BioWare co-founder Greg Zeschuk spoke with us about the studio ’s latest titles , Dragon Age : Origins and Mass Effect 2 ; about learning to write for digital characters ; and about how to handle sex , love , and morality in videogames .
The A.V. Club : Seeing your evolution from Baldur ’s Gate to Mass Effect 2 , it ’s fair to say that making cinematic games is one of your top priorities .
Advertisement
Greg Zeschuk : Absolutely .
That ’s been a pretty active intent on our part .
You go back to the Baldur ’s Gate days , we literally had 32 - pixel characters strutting across the screen , and we ’d have a couple lines of voice and a lot of text .
On one hand , it ’s a reflection of the evolution of the technology .
On the other hand , though , I think it ’s a reflection of our aspirations .
We ’ve always felt that the medium can get more and more cinematic , and I think when it follows the convention of film , it grows more and more compelling .
There ’s a hundred years of knowledge and learning in that space that we can then apply .
AVC : With Mass Effect , you hit an interesting balance with the protagonist : Commander Shepard has a role , a name , and voice actors , but the character is also a blank slate :
You can control Shepard ’s appearance , gender , and behavior .
How did you choose that approach ?
Advertisement
GZ : Yeah , I mean , that itself was a bit of an evolution .
With Mass , we said , “ Let ’s reflect the fact that you can be almost anyone , do almost anything , but … ”
In our minds , we always felt the character was iconic .
Shepard always meant something important .
It ’s almost like you push the rock over the top of the hill and start it rolling down , but then where it really goes is the player ’s choice .
AVC : On the other hand , coming after Mass Effect , it ’s strange to go to Dragon Age , where you have more control over the character you create , but because of that , you ’re left out of the voice acting .
As you ’re watching the cinematic dialogues , the protagonist can’t talk , and the other characters can’t identify you by name .
Advertisement
GZ : Actually , that was very , very purposeful .
It was the concept of first - person vs. third - person narrative .
First - person is , we do n’t actually present the voice .
In your head , you would actually speak the voice and give it substance .
So consequently , Dragon
Age is n’t as impressive to watch , I think , because it does n’t flow like a movie flows .
But it ’s still very compelling to play .
And for some people , it ’s more compelling to play it that way than with the third - person narrative of watching Shepard .
AVC : Starting with your Dungeons & Dragons games , you ’ve always had an alignment system that would rate all the choices a character made as good and evil , or lawful and chaotic .
Dragon
Age broke from that by ditching the moral scale , and Mass Effect also has a different system .
Do you feel you ’ve outgrown the good vs. evil scale ?
Advertisement
GZ : When the Dragon Age team came up with a system which …
For so many years , it ’s been “ Okay , you got +1 this , but - 1 that … ”
On a very specific scale , that was a metagame itself .
Playing the morality game was a metagame .
We sort of further prompted that by giving you prizes if you get the maximum , right ?
I think at the extreme level , it ’s non-productive .
It ’s really transparent , and gamers are smart .
They see right through it .
Actually , with Dragon
Age , I really liked the system the team came up with .
It reflects what was important about the game , and that was the character relationships .
It did n’t really matter what the world thought of you , but it mattered what the person standing next to you thought of you .
And I thought that was a very meaningful thing that fit the game very well , because it was a lot about those relationships and taking them to a more realistic level .
You had to carefully decide who you ’re hanging out with , carefully determine which actions you want to take , who ’s going to be pissed off as a result , and who ’s going to be happy with you .
Advertisement
In Mass Effect ’s case , that ’s not exactly what it ’s about .
It is about Shepard , and it is about what the world and the universe and the galaxy think of Shepard .
The Paragon and Renegade [ scale ] really fit the Mass Effect franchise .
At a very high level , Mass is a different experience .
Mass is n’t meant to be quite as gray and complicated .
It ’s meant to be more like , you ’re the action star .
You ’re a thinking man ’s action star , or thinking woman ’s action star , but you ’re an action star , and it ’s a big , big , bold production .
And so it has a different sensibility .
I would n’t want it to be overly complex .
You almost want the bold , dramatic actions .
AVC : Starting with Baldur ’s Gate II , your games have also become well - known for the romances that the player forms with other characters in the game .
With Dragon
Age , the gay sex scene made the news .
People are scared that their kids will just all of a sudden end up in this situation in a tent with the bisexual elf , and that ’s not really at all how it works .
Advertisement
GZ : No , not even remotely .
[ Laughs . ]
AVC : Do you think there ’s a better way to communicate that there ’s a whole context and a lengthy relationship leading up to these scenes ?
Or do you think these controversies just flare up and move on ?
Advertisement
GZ : On one hand , at a very high level , demographics are going to help us on this , because sooner or later , people who have actually played games are going to be in most of the decision - making positions in the Western world .
So 20 years from now , it ’s all fine and it ’s all going to blow over , because everybody kind of gets it .
And secondarily , I think there ’s always an agenda with these things , and so it just comes down to debunking it .
It ’s part of making the games that we make .
We feel really strongly that we want those options available .
We want people to feel that there ’s something for everyone , there ’s someone for everyone , there ’s relationships there .
It reflects the real world in our minds .
So you know …
On a personal level , I do n’t get frustrated with it anymore .
It ’s part of the price of doing business , in a sense .
Advertisement
AVC : The first Mass Effect had some provocative scenes with partial nudity , but in Dragon Age , everyone ’s wearing those little thongs .
Which look really uncomfortable for the guys .
Was that to dial it back from Mass Effect ?
GZ : I was n’t really part of the actual core decision - making why they wanted to do that …
I guess it ’s a bit of a Victorian element in the world of Dragon Age that everyone wears bedclothes .
[ Laughs . ]
Advertisement
AVC : So there was n’t like a memo from on high saying , “ Okay , everybody ’s got to wear thongs . ”
GZ : No , no , no .
I ’m curious to see Heavy Rain , which is another game that has a very , very realistic character acting approach , and they ’re pushing the envelope in a variety of emotional relationship - type areas .
So it ’s going to be interesting to see if that generates anything .
Advertisement
AVC : We ’ve seen experiments in natural language processing and other ways to conduct a conversation in a game .
BioWare ’s titles continue to use dialogue trees , where players choose from a handful of options .
Are you looking for ways to move past that ?
Or do you like them , because they ’re a good way to encapsulate the most meaningful options ?
GZ : The problem with natural language processing and the thing that really holds the technology back , is that when it crashes and burns , it ’s horrific .
I think we would be in a position to really take a serious look at it , once two things happen .
Number one , it becomes much more flawless , like in terms of how well it works , how reliably it can respond , it does n’t have any horrible failure cases .
And secondarily , to get there , you need a reasonable level of processing power .
The interesting thing about a dialogue - choice system is that we ’ve devoted so much into all kinds of other systems for processing , and dialogue choices use zero processing .
So suddenly , if you want to have a great natural language processor , you need to dial down your graphics to make it work .
Once you have a demonstrated system that works really awesome and does n’t cost a lot from a performance perspective , then I think we ’ll be all over it .
Advertisement
But you know , the user experience is maybe a third thing to think about .
How do you actually interface with that ?
Do you have your microphone , and you have to have voice recognition plus natural language processing working together flawlessly to actually get the key you need to open the door ?
And if it does n’t work that well , then it ’s not going to be fun to play .
AVC : For digital characters , you ’re obviously doing a lot of research to make them more engaging and believable .
Can you speak to any specific things you improved this time around , or the specific challenges you tackled ?
Advertisement
GZ : It ’s interesting , because it ’s not so much a technical thing as an artistic thing .
By the end of Mass 1 , the writers knew how to write for digital actors .
They learned when you could actually solve a dialogue problem or a story program with a gesture or a facial expression .
At the beginning , we did n’t know we could do compelling facial expressions .
Like , they ’d say , “ I ’m really angry at you ! ”
And Mass 2 benefited from that entire process .
And then from an animation / technical perspective , [ it ’s ] a lot of faces , eye tracking , it ’s general facial movement .
Trying to better mimic the facial muscles .
After seeing Avatar the movie , you see how far it can go to be right .
But you kind of see that and go , “ Oh , there ’s the bar now , and how close can we get ? ”
Advertisement
AVC : Since Baldur ’s Gate , you seem to have evolved from making games with detailed rules to games that are more accessible , more action - based , and not so full of stats .
GZ : In some ways , it ’s a reflection of where the market ’s at .
Another thing is , it is our sensibility .
As we ’ve gotten older and our fans have gotten broader , there ’s different types of things they like , and definitely action feels more accessible in the console - space .
And then we do more console games than we used to .
Advertisement
AVC : Along those lines , as cinematic as your games have gotten , the fighting and exploration are still almost a parallel experience from the dialogue and cutscenes .
Mass Effect is an action game married to an action movie .
Do you want to bring those closer together ?
GZ : Yes we do .
I think other people have been successful .
One I would call out particularly is the original BioShock , and the sense that the environment told the story and you ’d walk into the room and something would happen , and you could almost conjure up an image or a sequence of events that led to [ it ] .
That ’s something we have n’t done as much yet , but it ’s something we ’ll probably evolve to .
Zombies are certainly becoming the rage in popular culture , as evidenced in film and television .
Some of these are based on novels and there ...
The idea for the movie came from a 1996 script by Robert Rodriguez , but it ’s been rewritten extensively since his script featured a return by Schwarzenegger ’s Dutch from the original movie , while this movie does not .
The original Predator design from the original movie is in there , used for the first time since the 1987 movie .
It ’s a small part , but Rodriguez describes it as ” a total flashback ” , like seeing an actor you have n’t seen in a long time on screen .
Predators wo n’t be in 3D .
The movie uses primarily practical effects .
The predators are all actors in costumes , there are no CG predators .
Green screen was used only on a few brief sequences .
They shot on location in Hawaii and in places around Austin .
Predators will definitely be rated - R. Fox may be planning an Unrated DVD .
James Cameron told Rodriguez that he came up with the original design for the Predator mouth used by effects guru Stan Winston .
Their first attempt at a trailer was rejected by the MPAA , and it ended with the Predators title fading out to leave only the “ R ” , a clear hint at their intention to deliver a gritty , hard - R film .
You wo n’t see that in the trailers which were finally approved .
The film will introduce new kinds of never before seen predators .
The concept was to develop the “ ipod of predators ” .
Rodriguez explains these streamlined predators as being part of a different tribe from the ones we ’ve seen before .
It ’s like the difference between “ wolves and dogs ” .
New predators include Falconer predators , a massive Flusher predator they call “ Mr. Black ” ( referred to in some internet rumors as a “ Super Predator ” which is just a meaningless script description ) , and you ’ll see predator dogs along with airborne predator creatures .
Rodriguez and Antal wanted each human character on the planet to feel like they could be a character in their own solo story .
Expect to see lots of different alien creatures , including predator animals and other “ prey ” brought to the planet by predator hunters .
You ’ll see two different predator tribes in the movie .
All of the film ’s characters are new and how they get to the planet is new .
There is a reference in the film to the original movie in the form of something a character believes was a ghost story .
This character will recognize the original predator for what it is when it ’s seen .
Get more of our SXSW coverage right here .
Tonight Austin ’s SXSW audience was hunted by , and few escaped unmarked .
Sequel producer and Austin native Robert Rodriguez showed up with director Nimrod Antal in tow to unveil a first look at their new installment in the once glorious ( but since faded ) franchise .
Their plan is to take it all back to its roots , to make it dark , gritty , bloody , and rated - R again .
This is a direct sequel to the original 1987 Arnold Schwarzenegger movie , ignore those other disasters in between , though you wo n’t need to see the first one to hop on board their new one .is far from finished with post - production , but the duo showed two , slightly different trailers for the film along with sixty seconds or so of mostly completed footage .
The first trailer should be released for general consumption in front of , coming soon to a theater near you .
While you wait , here ’s what I know : is going to be badass .
The trailers are atmospheric , creepy and clearly geared towards marketing the film as horror , not thriller / action as the most recentmovies have been .
It introduces all the primary characters while revealing little of their intentions .
It ’s suspenseful and dark .
More than a Predator movie , it reminded me of the originalmovie in tone .
The score they use is haunting and there ’s little doubt that this is a very rated - R film .
The story , as explained by Rodriguez is this : A tribe of predators has kidnapped a group of humans , the most deadly killers to be found on planet Earth , and dropped them on an alien planet which serves as a predator game preserve ( note :
It is not the predator home world ) .
Think of it like a fisherman stocking his pond with trout .
The primary trout here are played by Adrien Brody ( who has seriously bulked up and against all odds is utterly convincing as a total badass ) , Topher Grace ( who still looks like Topher Grace ) , Danny Trejo , and Alice Braga .
They ’ve been dropped in with no idea how they got there or who brought them , and they do n’t really get along .
Here ’s where we get intoterritory .
So if you do n’t want to know , bail out now .
The clip shown features Laurence Fishburne ’s introduction .
He shows up after our leads have landed , as a human character already on the planet .
He ’s utterly kickass , both here and in the trailer , chewing scenery up and spitting it back out .
Rodriguez describes his character as “ the one who got away ” .
He ’s survived on the predator hunting preserve for an unspecified period of time , he knows all the tricks , and he ’s figured out a way to beat them at their own game .
The predators ’ game involves real hunting techniques the likes of which we ’ve never seen before , leading to the development of some of those new types of predators mentioned previously .
Yet somehow , Fishburne ’s character has survived .
Rodriguez and Antal talked at length about the film .
Detailed bullet points containing everything they revealed follow :
And of course , after it was all over , Rodriguez left us with lovely parting gifts , pictured below .
In particular , he gave everyone an autographed version of the first everposter .
See it in higher - res here
Some 2,500 years ago the prophet Ezekiel presented his Prophecy of Dry Bones , which according to various interpretations hailed the salvation of the Jewish people .
According to recent reports , Iraq is currently trying to remove the Jewish traces from the prophet 's tomb and turn it into a mosque .
No Compensation Iraq refuses to compensate Jews Doron Peskin Organization claiming to represent Iraqi Jews who immigrated to Israel says property worth $ 100 billion confiscated by authorities .
Government says
Jews were not forced to leave , sold their property before departing Iraq refuses to compensate Jews
Ezekiel the Prophet , whose prophesy was recorded in the Book of Ezekiel , lived in Babylon at the time of Solomon 's temple .
Tradition has it that he is buried in the village of Al Kilf , south of Baghdad , and followers of the three monotheistic religions continue to visit his tomb to this day .
" I received information from a senior Iraqi scholar pertaining to the local authorities ' intention of turning the tomb into a mosque under the guise of ' preservation ' of the holy site , " says Professor Shmuel Morre , former head of the Arabic Language and Literature Department in the Hebrew University .
" The man who provided me with the information stressed that the Iraqi antiquities department has been under heavy pressure to erase any proof of the Jews ' connection to Iraq , " he notes .
Iraq also contains the tombs of the Ezra the Scribe , the Prophet Jonah and King Zedekiah .
According to Prof.
Morre , who himself was born in Iraq , his colleague informed him that local authorities have already began erasing Hebrew inscriptions off Ezekiel 's tomb in order to turn the site into a mosque .
' Stop Islamization '
For hundreds of years the tomb has been under the care of leaders of the Jewish community in Iraq .
Currently the country contains only eight Jews .
The rest have become Muslim or are in hiding for fear of being murdered by terrorists upon embarking on a Jewish pilgrimage .
Manager of the " Justice for Jews " organization Shlomo Alfassa has approached US government authorities in Washington following the reports and demanded to " stop the Islamization of the Jewish prophet 's tomb . "
An application has also been made to the UNESCO headquarters , which is responsible for maintaining the religious character of holy sites .
Passing the healthcare proposals before Congress will " hang out to dry " every Democratic incumbent running for reelection this fall , Howard Dean said Thursday .
Dean , a physician by training who 's a former chairman of the Democratic National Committee ( DNC ) , said that Democrats in Congress -- and President Barack Obama -- would do themselves more harm than good by passing the current healthcare bill .
" The plan , as it comes from the Senate , hangs out every Democrat who 's running for office to dry -- including the president , in 2012 , because it makes him defend a plan that is n't in effect essentially yet , " Dean said during an appearance on the liberal Bill Press Radio Show .
Dean , who has clashed publicly with the White House over the healthcare proposals favored by the administration , said that by passing the bills under consideration , Democrats would essentially be conceding defeat to Republicans .
" It 's easy to campaign on repealing something if no one knows what the something is , " Dean said .
" And fundamentally people do n't understand what the president 's healthcare plan is . "
" And if it passes next week and get 's signed into law the week after , we 're not going to be able to explain it to people over the din of Fox News and the Republicans , " the former Democratic party chairman added .
Dean said that the only solution to correct the bill was to offer a buy - in to Medicare for consumers , which had once been proposed in the Senate , but was ditched by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) as unable to win enough votes to pass .
" The president needs a win here , " Dean said .
Air pollution from Asia , India and Indonesia is transported into the global stratosphere by the summer monsoon season , a study using a Canadian satellite has found .
This map shows concentration of hydrogen cyanide ( red is highest , blue is lowest ) at an altitude of 16.5 kilometres , measured by the SCISAT - 1 satellite during the summer from 2004 to 2009 .
Arrows show horizontal winds at this level and the circulation associated with the Asian monsoon .
( ( Science / AAAS ) )
Researchers tracked the movement of hydrogen cyanide in the atmosphere using satellites and found the monsoon is an effective way for pollution from Asia to circulate around the world .
Hydrogen cyanide is a pollutant produced in the burning of biofuels and biomass , such as trees and grass .
It 's often used to track pollution from wildfires .
The chemical was chosen to determine the role of monsoons in spreading pollution because it remains in the atmosphere for up to four years , but breaks up in chemical reactions over the ocean .
The researchers measured levels and movement of hydrogen cyanide used infrared spectrometers on satellites like SCISAT - 1 , a Canadian satellite designed to make observations of the atmosphere .
The team used the satellite readings and computer models to show how the Asian monsoon pulls air upward from the Earth 's surface deep into the stratosphere , the layer of the atmosphere that begins 10 kilometres above the surface .
Once the pollution reaches that level , it can remain in the atmosphere for several years .
Some of the pollutants descend into the lower atmosphere while others break up in chemical reactions or in reactions with sunlight .
" The monsoon is one of the most powerful atmospheric circulation systems on the planet , and it happens to form right over a heavily polluted region , " said William Randel of the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
Randel is the lead author of the study published this week in the journal Science Express .
The researchers also said climate change could alter the effect of the Asian monsoon , although it 's not clear when it would strengthen or weaken its pull of pollutants into the stratosphere .
The research was funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation , NASA and the Canadian Space Agency .
Scientists at the universities of Toronto and Waterloo took part in the research , as well as researchers in the U.K .
AT&T may have opened its arms to Android with the release of Motorola 's Backflip , but it is n't exactly embracing the platform 's open nature .
The Motorola Backflip , officially available on AT&T as of Sunday , marks AT&T 's first foray into Android territory .
Featuring a unique back - flipping QWERTY keypad and back - of - display touchpad , the Backflip has a form factor unlike most Android phones .
But it also has some software differences that set it apart -- and not in a good way .
Motorola Backflip : Android , Minus the Openness
Much of Android 's appeal stems from its open and highly customizable nature : Compared to Apple 's notoriously closed approach , Google 's operating system allows you to install any applications you want without needing your manufacturer 's blessing .
This is a core principle of what makes Android what it is ; in many ways , it 's the anti-iPhone .
The Motorola Backflip , however , seems to take a step back from this concept .
The option to install unofficial applications -- that is , apps found outside of the official Android Market -- is mysteriously missing from the device ; the " Unknown sources " setting is simply not present on the " Applications " menu , where it 'd normally be found .
After seeing this mentioned at an Android developer forum this afternoon , I was able to confirm it directly with a Backflip demo unit .
The Backflip 's " Applications " menu has only four lines instead of the typical five .
( There is a backdoor way you can install unofficial apps without the standard menu - driven option , but it 's a relatively complex process involving the Android software development kit .
Most casual users are n't going to be aware of it and likely would n't want to mess with it . )
In addition to the external app restrictions , AT&T has preloaded the Backflip with a dozen of its own apps that can't be removed without using that same backdoor hack .
AT&T's Backflip Restrictions
Why the Backflip restricts the full Android experience is n't completely clear .
AT&T representatives were unable to elaborate on the situation , and Motorola 's reps were n't immediately able to provide an answer .
Google 's Android team told me that since the Backflip is n't actually a Google - branded product , they would n't be able to provide any insight into the software modification decisions .
Thankfully , Motorola 's official support forums offer a couple of clues .
Someone posted a message Monday morning asking about the missing non-Market app setting in the Backflip device .
A user whose account was labeled as a " MOTO XPRT " responded with the following message :
" This is a known issue , and I will report back when I find something out . "
Several hours later , he followed up with this :
" Looks like AT&T turned it off .
Do n't know what to say about that ... "
And shortly thereafter :
" Not going into pointing fingers here , but all other current Moto Android phones ( Droid - VZW , Cliq - Tmo , Devour - VZW ) have this feature installed . "
One logical theory is that the move could be designed to limit the use of apps that allow tethering , something AT&T has long frowned upon with Apple 's mobile technology .
While limited tethering options do exist within the official Android Market , AT&T could conceivably place restrictions on those downloads .
The numerous tethering options available outside of the Android Market , however , would be completely out of AT&T 's control .
Control is something we typically discuss when looking at Apple 's mobile products .
It 's a damn shame to see Android being tainted with that same restrictive mindset .
JR Raphael is a PCWorld contributing editor and , according to a quiz he recently took , a partial Android fanboy .
He 's on Facebook ; come say hello .
Subscribe to our RSS feeds to keep up with the news !
Get the Herald - Tribune on your phone , and sign up to receive text alerts !
Dining Guide
Looking for a great place to eat ?
Sarasota , Bradenton and Venice have so many restaurants to choose from .
Check out the latest food craze in our Dining Guide .
This full color guide publishes a holiday , spring and summer edition in the Herald - Tribune .
Steel Bank Common Lisp
News
New SBCL versions are usually released at the end of each month : check the Sourceforge File List to see the current version .
The new features of the two most recent SBCL releases are listed below .
Please see the complete news page for details on all historical SBCL releases .
New in version 2.0.9
Back to top incompatible change : HPPA and DEC Alpha architecture support has been removed .
minor incompatible change : the compiler signals a warning at compile - time when an initform of T , NIL or 0 does not match a STANDARD - CLASS slot 's declared type .
minor incompatible change : the runtime no longer uses SIGPIPE internally , so the signal is deliverable to user code as is customary .
Ignoring the signal - in lieu of the OS default of process termination - is obtainable via ( SB - SYS : ENABLE-INTERRUPT SB - UNIX:SIGPIPE :IGNORE ) .
platform support : a number of obsolete portability layers ( particularly on the Windows platform ) have been removed in favour of direct calling of the native interfaces .
RUN - PROGRAM now accepts a : WINDOW argument to control whether a subprocess window should be displayed .
( Thanks to Luis Borges de Oliveira ) the use of futexes implied by :SB - FUTEX is now implemented on FreeBSD .
bug fix : SB - SPROF can distinguish between SBCL - internal assembly routines .
bug fix : SB - SPROF has better output in its reports for anonymous functions .
optimization : CALL - NEXT -METHOD with supplied arguments in required positions is now faster if the supplied arguments are EQL to the original arguments .
After Valve 's series of teaser images , it 's now been revealed that their upcoming sequelwill also be coming to the Mac .
The above image comes from a series of scans from the latest issue of Gameinformer magazine which carries a cover story about the much anticipated sequel .
The original Portal game was originally released as part of the Orange Box compilation for Xbox and PC .
It was a relatively short game featuring physics based puzzles in which the player manipulated two different teleporting portal entrances :
The original game was a critical success and has resulted in the full - length sequel planned this fall .
will presumably be distributed on a Mac version of Steam which has been hinted at over the past week .
March 4 , 2010  --
It is something we take for granted in the United States .
A woman enters the hospital to give birth and she emerges a couple of days later with a beautiful bundle of joy .
That is how it usually goes .
But this story is about the rare exception -- women who die within 42 days of childbirth .
In the health care community it 's called simply " maternal mortality . "
And in the U.S. , many experts believe it is on the rise .
According to the World Health Organization , the U.S. ranks behind more than 40 other countries when it comes to maternal death rates , with 11 deaths per 100,000 pregnancies when measured in 2005 .
More women die in the U.S. after giving birth than die in countries including Poland , Croatia , Italy and Canada , to name a few .
Watch " World News with Diane Sawyer " tonight for more of Kate Snow 's report on maternal mortality .
A new report out of California found the number of women who died in the state after giving birth has nearly tripled over the past decade , from 5.6 deaths per 100,000 to 16.9 per 100,000 in 2006 .
The report was commissioned by the California Department of Health but has not yet been publically released .
ABC
News first learned of its existence from a watchdog group called " California Watch . "
Death after childbirth is still rare , but experts say many of those deaths could have been prevented .
" We 've been able to double - check the data so we can truly say there is a rise , " said Dr. Elliott Main , chairman of the California Maternal Quality Care Collaborative , which worked on the report .
" Most women died from hemorrhage , from deep vein thrombosis or blood clots , and from -- this is the surprise -- from underlying cardiac disease , " added Main .
The Joint Commission , the leading accreditation and certification group in the United States for hospitals , issued an alert Jan. 26 , 2010 stating that " current trends and evidence suggest that maternal mortality rates may be increasing in the United States . "
" As many as half of maternal deaths are preventable , " said Dr. Mark Chassin , president of the Joint Commission .
" The rate of maternal death today is not acceptable in the United States .
We need to work much harder than we have been to reduce it . "
Maternal Mortality Rising : One Family 's Story
In some cases , the chances of maternal mortality rise simply because important warning signs are missed .
Jim
Scythes knows first - hand how important those warning signs are and how tragic the consequences of missing them can be .
" I just think it 's unbelievable that in our country today people still die of childbirth , " said Jim Scythe .
" I had no idea that anything like that could 've happened when we went to the hospital that Friday morning . "
It was March of 2007 .
Jim 's wife Valerie had a scheduled cesarean section that seemed to go well .
Their daughter Isabella was born .
But by the next day , Jim started to notice clues that all was not well .
He says his wife 's legs felt hard to the touch .
" She sat in her bed for 30 hours after her surgery and then got herself up and collapsed , " Scythe said .
A blood clot in Valerie 's leg had moved to her brain and caused a stroke .
She later died .
" I look at Isabella and I think ' you 're never gonna know how wonderful your mother was , '" Jim says now .
" We all feel robbed . "
Doctors Say Obesity & C- Sections May be Increasing Risk
Doctors say it's hard to pinpoint exactly why the numbers are rising .
Experts have cited the growing number of obese mothers as a big factor -- 20 percent of all pregnant women in the U.S. are now obese at the start of their pregnancy , according to the Centers for Disease Control .
These women are more likely to have underlying health conditions , including diabetes or asthma , which can lead to pregnancy - related complications .
The popularity of scheduled C- sections has also been cited by public health experts as a possible cause for rising maternal mortality rates .
The latest data from the CDC shows that 31 percent of the mothers now choose to have C-sections , up 50 percent since 1996 .
Studies have repeatedly shown a higher rate of mortality in mothers who have a C - section delivery , especially those who have multiple C-sections .
" If the risks of a Cesarean birth are small , they 're magnified greatly when you add many more Cesarean births each year , " said Main , adding that " not that many women actually choose to have an elective C- section at the beginning , but it 's easy to fall into a pattern of care that ends up resulting in a C - section . "
Dying from Childbirth : Hospitals Can Do More
" These are all wake - up calls across the country that we need to do things differently , " said Dr. Erin Dupree , vice president of patient safety at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York .
While no one can know for certain in Valerie Scythes ' case , simple devices called compression boots could have helped .
The boots are worn around the calves and keep blood pumping to hopefully prevent clots .
Mt. Sinai Hospital in New York is at the cutting edge of preventing maternal mortality , trying to turn the trend around in the United States .
For women who have a C - section at Mt. Sinai , inflatable boots are standard practice , but providing the extra treatment can be expensive .
While the compression boots cost only $ 14 , the machine that inflates them costs $ 4,600 .
Dupree admits that the costs and lack of awareness of the technology might be keeping some hospitals from using compression boots , but a good portion of what Mt. Sinai does costs nothing at all .
Doctors and nurses at Mt. Sinai work constantly at improving communication and training to make sure that staff members ask patients the right questions and that patients are empowered to speak up when something does n't feel right .
For more on maternal mortality and pregnancy complications , visit the CDC 's page on the topic by clicking here .
Israeli troops shot dead two Palestinians in the occupied West Bank today amid a new descent into violence .
The two , who Palestinians claimed were detained while ploughing a field of olive trees near Nablus , were shot several times .
Palestinian officials said both were 17 .
The Israeli military said they had tried to stab a soldier .
The deaths bring to five the number of people killed in the region in the past week .
As the violence placed further strain on US efforts to get peace talks under way , a spokesman for the Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , said he would be meeting Barack Obama in the US on Tuesday .
Netanyahu 's visit comes at a time of heightened tensions between Israel and the US over a controversial Jewish housing project in east Jerusalem .
The project embarrassed Washington because it was announced while the vice - president , Joe Biden , was in Jerusalem to kickstart Israeli - Palestinian talks .
Earlier today , relatives buried the bodies of two teenage Palestinian boys who were shot dead by Israeli troops yesterday during a demonstration against settlers in the village of Iraq Burin , also near Nablus .
Last week , a Thai worker in southern Israel was killed by a rocket fired by militants in Gaza .
Witnesses in Iraq Burin described how Israelis from the nearby hilltop settlement of Brakha came down on to the village 's farmland yesterday .
Israeli troops were deployed and Palestinian boys threw stones at the soldiers .
Mohammad Qadus , 15 , and Osaid Qadus , 17 , were shot dead inside the village shortly after they arrived back in Iraq Burin on a local bus .
Neither had taken part in the demonstration , witnesses in the village said .
Amir Aref , 16 , a friend of both boys , tried to drag them to safety .
He described how he saw Osaid sitting on the ground in front of a store .
" I was telling him : ' Stand up , stand up . '
But he refused to answer , " Aref said .
" I looked at him .
Blood was coming down from a small hole in his forehead , his brains were coming out . "
He then turned to Mohammad and saw him lying on the road nearby .
" I carried him and took him into the village in my arms , " Aref said .
" I looked at him and he said ' Amir ' , then blood came out of his mouth .
He gasped and then he died . "
Witnesses and doctors at the Nablus speciality hospital , where the boys were treated , said both were hit by what appeared to be live rounds that left small entry wounds .
The Israeli military said in a statement there had been a " violent and illegal riot " in the village and that soldiers " responded with riot dispersal means " .
It said troops fired tear gas and rubber bullets , but denied firing live rounds .
" Live fire was not used , " the military said .
However , a hospital x-ray of Osaid Qadus , seen by the Guardian , showed a bullet lodged in his brain .
Ahmed Hamad , a doctor at the hospital who treated the two , said the x-ray showed a " classic , pure metallic bullet " .
He said both boys had injuries with small entry wounds .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. , years after a failed effort to obtain a bank charter , plans a 50 % increase this year in the number of the company 's stores offering bank - like services .
The expansion would push the number of Wal - Marts with " Money Centers " to 1,500 , or a little less than one for every two Wal - Marts in the U.S. , giving the nation 's biggest retailer a financial presence that only a handful of banks have .
Wal - Mart plans to open its 1,000th money center Tuesday .
The ...
Detecting the presence of dark matter in space is rather easy , but that does n't tell us what dark matter actually is .
Scientists may have had better luck in a Minnesota mine : projects occupying the mine are using ultracold pucks of material to detect dark matter interactions , and may be seeing the first signs of success .
The researchers behind the Coherent Germanium Neutrino Technology ( CoGeNT ) recently submitted a paper on signals detected with their germanium puck .
The results are similar to those obtained with CDMSII , and might indicate the presence of weakly interacting massive particles , or WIMPs .
The pucks used in the experiments are lowered to temperatures of a few dozen millikelvins and kept in wait to be struck by errant dark matter particles .
The interactions the pucks have been detecting have energies of a few thousand electron volts , most of which would be classified as a lighter - mass variety of WIMPs , although they could be another variety of particle entirely .
The CDMSII has been able to detect a significant count of particles in the 8 - 10 keV range , though the lower limit of its detection is 2.7 keV .
The CoGeNT puck detected a different peak , around 1.29 keV .
The different energies may suggest that there 's a small collection of dark matter particles out there .
In the paper , which has yet to undergo peer review , the authors are cautious about calling the signals a triumph .
They note that the interactions could be produced by " muon - induced neutrons " or just noise .
However , the pucks are shielded against such particles , and researchers point out such spikes in noise would be uncharacteristic of the detectors .
The authors state they will continue to refine their data to " exhaust less exotic possibilities . "
Thank You
Guys , what are the odds of this going through ?
I did what I could to win and sure enough , I won . : bigthumb : Dealer wants to back down now .
What could I do ?ebay auction : 390166094286
It 's in LA county and so am I. Legal binding contract at the bottom .
I did my part so far . —— ———3-17-10 : Sat down with the dealership rep with paperwork , payment , and documentation in hand as required in auction listing 11:15 this morning .
They wo n't honor the auction for a 5th time , in person . — — — — — — ————Hitman's Log. Star Date 3.18.10 .... I took a huge step back from all of this today and took a much needed break .
I 've been obsessing about reading as many posts as I can , with everyone 's comments and suggestions , as well as going to other message boards along the way .
As you can see there are a lot of posts and opinions going around and amazed me how this has grown so much in such a short amount of time .
I have a lot more to read up on and being patient with the whole process of it all .
Again , THANK YOU to all the followers and message boards .
More to come … — — — — — — ————Hitman's Log. Star Date 3.19.10 ... I usually try to update my post at the end of the day so I have as much information as possible .
So bare with me as both sides come together .
Thank you again ! — — — — — — ————Hitman's Log. Star Date 3.20.10 ... Still alive and well .
Thanks everyone for being concerned .
Was a big day indeed for me , and also for everyone following this .
Working on gathering all my notes .
Please hang tight . — — — — — — ————Hitman's Log. Star Date 3.21.10 ...
First of all , " " to everyone for cheering me on and helping me move forward in a positive way .
A lot of message boards picked up this thread and have to thank everyone for passing the word around too .
There you have it .
Visual of the keys in my possession of the SRT8 deal that Glenn E. Thomas Dodge honored for $ 29.1 K plus tax and license fees of course .
Both parties had plenty to talk about that day but in the end of it all , things worked out for everyone .
So there is praise to be made to both sides , especially the dealer who did honor the auction .
Would encourage everyone to send them praise and not attack anyone in that establishment as this was not the point of this thread .
I 'm sure there will be questions on how things went down .
Today I want to talk about another vintage book — this one from 1985 , eleven years after Kernighan and Pike ’s Elements of Programing Style came out .
While EoPS is largely timeless , this one has aged dramatically ; but it was so important to me twenty - something years ago , and embodies an era that I remember with such fondness , that could n’t resist writing about it .
R. C. West was a bit of a legend in the Commodore community of way - back - when , along with Jim Butterfield and others whose names I no longer recall .
Their work would appear in magazines and newsletters , often in the form of programs that you would type in — not games or business applications , but utilities like faster tape drivers , routines to renumber your BASIC programs or disassemblers for machine code .
When Programming the Commodore 64 came out , there was no question of not buying it .
It was a non-negotiable necessity , because the subtitle — The Definitive Guide — was spot on .
“ Definitive ” was the word .
It ’s hard to believe these days , but in 611 pages , West wrote down everything there was to know about the C64 , from hardware and firmware , via the BASIC dialect , through machine - code programming , graphics , sound , the layout of the ROMs , programming the disk drive , and much , much more .
If you do n’t believe all that could fit in a single book , and that only two - thirds the size of a modern XSLT tome , check out this scan of part of the contents listing :
( You ’ll probably need to click through to make out the gritty details . )
Now I know that there is already plenty of old - fart nostalgia on this blog — a lot of people have interpreted Whatever happened to programming ?
as a yearning for the days when you had to do everything from first principles , which was n’t really what I meant .
But I do , I really do , miss the days when it was possible to understand the whole computer .
I ’m not claiming that I ever had the level of mastery that people like West and Butterfield had .
I was never really a big machine - code programmer , for one thing — I wrote routines to be called from BASIC , but no complete programs in 6502 / 6510 .
And I ’ve never been a hardware hacker at more than the most trivial swap - the - video - cards level .
But I did have a huge amount of Commodore 64 lore internalised .
I knew which memory location always held the scan - code of the key that was pressed at that time ; and where the screen memory - map began ; and which locations to POKE to play different pitches on the various channels of sound , or to change the screen or border colours .
I knew hundreds or thousands of those little bits of information , as well as being completely familiar with the horrible BASIC dialect that was in one of the ROMs .
In short , I knew the machine in a way that I do n’t even begin to hope to know any of my computers today ; in a way that , I am guessing , no - one anywhere in the world knows their machines .
I miss that .
And thanks to R. C.
West , if I found I needed to know something that I had n’t already internalised — say , the locations of the BASIC warm start vector and the tape interrupt vector —
I knew where I could look them up :
So I think this is part of what I was bemoaning in Whatever happened … : the loss of the total control that we had over our computers back when they were small enough that everything you needed to know would fit inside your head .
It ’s left me with a taste for grokking systems deeply and intimately , and that tendency is probably not a good fit for most modern programming , where you really do n’t have time to go in and learn , say , Hibernate or Rails in detail : you just have to have the knack of skimming through a tutorial or two and picking up enough to get the current job done , more or less .
I do n’t mean to denigrate that : it ’s an important and valuable skill .
But it ’s not one that moves my soul as Deep Knowing does .
I ’m not sure how I feel about that .
One of the reasons I recently learned Ruby is that there ’s a web - site I want to build , I ’m sick of hacking Perl ’s HTML :: Mason templates and repeatedly re-implementing half of an ORM , and Rails seems like a very well regarded technology for that kind of thing .
It seems that most people who want to learn Rails plough in with one of the tutorial videos and start hacking , but that does n’t satisfy me : deep in my soul , I need to know Rails before I ’ll be happy building things with it .
And I truly do n’t know whether that means it will take me a longer or a shorter time to get the site running to my satisfaction .
( Happily , it ’s my birthday today — I ’m 42 ! — and my wife gave me Agile Web Development with Rails .
So hopefully it will all start to sink in soon and I ’ll be ready to start Doing Stuff in a month or so .
I ’ll let you know how it goes . )
Even so , something has been lost when my Deep Knowing aspirations have been reduced to learning a mere web - app framework rather than , as in the 80s , learning a whole computer .
On the other hand , I do not miss typing in machine - code programs by hand from long listings in books .
Whenever I get too misty - eyed for the old days , I remind myself about this kind of thing :
So maybe what we ’ve lost on the swings , we ’ve gained on the roundabouts .
Still , it was great that , for a decade or so , it was possible for an ordinary layman such as myself to buy , read and learn books that would make you the absolute master of your computer .
In that respect , at least , it truly was a golden era .
So , R. C . West , we salute you !
Update ( 14 March 2010 )
Coverage of this article elsewhere on the net :
And more importantly , you can download a PDF of the book from DLH ’s Commodore Archive at http://www.bombjack.org/commodore/
Copyright © 2007 - 2012 .
All games and descriptions copyright © to their respective owners .
-- Game Sponsorship -- Free Games For Your Sites
Dubai : The Dubai Mall aquarium was closed on Thursday , due to reports of a leak , Gulf News has learned from eye witnesses .
Civil Defence confirmed that the aquarium has a minor crack and that water is leaking .
A number of teams from Civil Defence and the Mall maintenance attended the scene and were still working on the problem at 2 pm on Thursday , according to Mahmoud Hamad , Media Spokesperson , Dubai Civil Defence .
Footage obtained by Gulf News shows water flowing out of the aquarium , and shoppers lifting up clothes to wade through .
It is believed that a leak occurred in the 270 - degree acrylic walkthrough tunnel but it was sealed quickly , Gulf News has learned .
Earlier witnesses reported seeing the crack and that the lower - ground and ground floor areas were cordoned off and cleaners were seen mopping the floor .
Staff on the ground said the attraction would be closed for the rest of Thursday .
The Dubai Mall aquarium advertises that 33,000 sea creatures live inside .
It has the capacity to hold 10 million litres of water
It is one of the of the largest tanks in the world at 51 m by 20 m by 11 m and features the world ’s largest viewing panel at 32.8 m wide and 8.3 m high .
More to follow ...
- With inputs from Siham Al Najami , Staff Reporter .
Are you at or near Dubai Mall ?
Did you see the crack ?
Send us your comments by clicking on the ' post a comment ' link below and click here to send us your pictures
We 're pleased to announce that print - on - demand services have resumed at Harvard Book Store and harvard.com , after a necessary pause in services this spring due to the COVID - 19 crisis .
While our doors remain closed to the public , print - on - demand services have resumed !
Email bookmachine@harvard.com with inquiries .
Please see our regularly updated listing of services and hours of operation at : harvard.com/updates_on_covid-19 .
Read on for information about Books on Demand at Harvard Book Store .
Find information on Custom Printing here .
With our books on demand service , our customers can print paperback books from electronic files available online , including previously inaccessible titles such as Lewis Carroll ’s original manuscript for Alice in Wonderland , Alice 's Adventures Under Ground ( 1886 ) , An Historical Sketch of Groton , Massachusetts , 1655 - 1890 ( 1894 ) , and The Chemistry of Hat Manufacturing ( 1906 ) , lectures that forever changed the British hat manufacturing industry .
We can print millions of titles ( including Google Books ) that are in the public domain , as well as thousand of publisher - permission titles right to order !
Police say a New Jersey cook put a body hair in the sandwich of a police officer who had given him tickets in the past .
Ryan Burke of Stratford , N.J. , was arrested Feb. 21 in the kitchen of Good Foods to Go in Evesham on charges of aggravated assault , food tampering and " retaliation for a past official action , " reports the Courier Post .
Burke served a bagel sandwich to a police officer who had ticketed him in March 2009 when he failed to pull over for a traffic violation .
“ At first , ( Burke ) denied placing anything in his food , but then further investigation provided information that he indeed placed body hair in his sandwich , " Evesham police Capt .
Jeff Gural told the Courier Post .
The 26 - year - old says he did n't intentionally put anything in the lunch of the officer , whose name has not been released .
“ That 's ridiculous , " Burke told the Courier Post .
" I 'm not that kind of person . "
Burke said that the officer had come into the restaurant many times before without any incidents .
The cook spent four hours in jail before his wife got him out on $ 25,000 bail by using the couple ’s mortgage payment .
Burke was then promptly fired from the restaurant he has worked at for the past seven years .
The now - unemployed father of a 5 - month - old says that the police are destroying his life .
" I think that this is absurd , " he said .
" They decided to ruin my life . "
The Courier - Post reports police asked them not to report the incident for fear of copycat crimes .
The paper published the story anyway .
I do n't know who has the pockets and the space to install Hydrofloors — mechanically operated tiles that sink into the ground slowly , revealing a swimming pool already full of water — but I want to meet them .
Watch them in action :
According to the manufacturer , the system is " nearly invisible " and you can adjust the depth of the swimming pool to any depth just by using a control panel .
I wonder if my downstairs neighbor will mind it if I install one .
[ Hydrofloors via Notcot ]
Church fury at go - ahead for pre-watershed condom adverts
Watchdogs are to allow condoms to be advertised on daytime TV in defiance of church warnings that it will encourage under - age sex .
A new code will permit condoms to be promoted before the 9 pm watershed around any programme , providing it is not designed for children under ten .
The move follows claims from the Government 's Independent Advisory Group on Sexual Health and HIV that greater access to condoms is necessary to reduce the levels of teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease .
Outrage : Bishops say the change will encourage under - 16s to have sex
But bishops and family campaigners say it will normalise the idea of children under 16 having sex .
The new UK Advertising Code , annnouced yesterday , also puts the TV industry at odds with church leaders on both pornography and gambling .
It will allow pornographic films and magazines to be advertised on subscription adult TV channels .
Betting tipsters will be allowed to advertise on TV .
Proposals to allow commercial abortion clinics to advertise their services on TV and radio have been delayed following a public backlash .
It is not clear if they will be pursued .
The code , which comes into force in September , has been drawn up by the industry bodies the Broadcast Committee on Advertising Practice and the Committee on Advertising Practice .
Regulator Ofcom has approved it .
The Catholic Bishops ' Conference of England and Wales said : ' It is profoundly inappropriate to advertise condoms to children .
' Promoting the use of condoms cannot be separated from promoting sex , and the sexualisation of the target audience , which will be extended to children from ten to 16 . '
Pinta : Painting Made Simple
Pinta is a free , open source program for drawing and image editing .
Its goal is to provide users with a simple yet powerful way to draw and manipulate images on Linux , Mac , Windows , and * BSD .
Download »
Do you know much about James Patterson ?
If so , you may be one of the many who have propelled the American thriller writer to the top of the UK 's lending library chart .
As Charlotte Higgins writes today , Catherine Cookson , for years the most ­borrowed writer , has been comprehensively overshadowed by the giants of American popular fiction .
Cookson is still the 10th most borrowed author of the decade – largely due to the " astronomical " ­numbers in which her books were borrowed in the first half of the noughties , according to Jim Parker , the registrar of the Public Lending Right ( PLR ) .
The top three adult authors for July 2008 - June 2009 were all Americans : the thriller writer James ­Patterson , followed by the romantic novelists Nora Roberts and Danielle Steele .
" She has fallen away completely , " said Parker of Cookson .
" It 's partly down to the fact that when you stop producing books , you tend to fade away . "
Cookson died in 1998 .
Thanks to the PLR , we have the full list for you - the top 250 most borrowed books from the UK 's libraries for 2008 / 09 .
Can you do anything with the data ?
• DATA : download the full datasheet
World government data
• Search the world 's government data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
Data summary
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
More than 20 hours of video are uploaded to YouTube every minute YouTube is making the tens of millions of videos it hosts more accessible to the deaf and hard of hearing by putting automatic captions on them .
The Google - owned company said this use of speech recognition technology is probably the biggest experiment of its kind online .
Previously captions were only on a small amount of content .
" A core part of YouTube 's DNA is access to content , " said the firm 's product manager Hunter Walk .
YouTube said by opening all this content to those who have not really been able to access it in the past should democratise information and " help foster greater collaboration and understanding " .
Initially the feature will apply to English language videos , with other languages being added in the coming months .
In November last year , YouTube rolled out automatic captions to a handful of partners including the University of California , Berkeley , Yale University and National Geographic .
' Real solution '
The technology behind speech recognition has been around for about 50 years , said Google engineer Mike Cohen , and has finally become good enough to be used on a large scale .
" I have been working on speech technology for 25 years , " Mr Cohen told the BBC .
" There have been steady improvements and this is the culmination of lots of work over years and years .
We have had to work on a wide variety of problems like accent variation , background noise , the variation in language , in pronunciation . "
Engineers say this example shows the technology has a mind of its own
The project team stressed , however , that the product is not perfect .
In one demonstration , software engineer Ken Harrenstien illustrated how the technology mistook the words " sim card " for " salmon " when Google executive Vic Gundotra addressed a developers meeting .
" It is not a complete solution but it is a step on the way to the real solution , " he said .
" It 's difficult to get every word exactly right but sometimes that does n't matter and other times it 's amusing . "
Mr Harrenstien has worked on the project for the last five years .
As someone who has been deaf from when he was a child , he said the launch of this feature was a big deal personally .
" This is huge .
It is what I have dreamt about for so many years .
The fact that you can now go on to any video online and expect to see captions is unbelievable and the fact I had a part in this is great . "
Praise Reaction to the addition of these captions has been very positive .
Students from the California School for the Deaf , in Freemont , made a video to show how much of a difference this tool means to them .
Angel Harrington signs her thanks to the YouTube team " We felt like we were n't part of the world .
We felt excluded , " said Angel Harrington .
" Now we really can completely understand what is going on and we feel like we are on an equal playing field . "
Ben Hubbard from Berkeley said this tool is a great way to open up the more than 500 courses it offers online .
" We are always looking for a way to extend the reach of this stuff and extend the reach of the content to a whole new audience . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The remains of living matter have been found in interstellar dust clouds New evidence from astrobiology " overwhelmingly " supports the view that life was seeded from outside Earth , a scientist has claimed .
Prof Chandra Wickramasinghe of Cardiff University says the first microbes were deposited on Earth 3,800 m years ago .
The astrobiologist has helped developed the panspermia theory which suggests an extra-terrestrial origin for life .
He argues for a cycle of life as microbes find their way into comets and " multiply and seed other planets " .
In the article , published in the International Journal of Astrobiology , Monday , he argues humans and indeed all life on Earth is of alien origin , brought onto the planet by comets hitting the planet .
Prof Wickramasinghe , of Cardiff University 's centre for astrobiology , says there is a cyclical transfer process of life from planet to planet .
He believes comets hit planets and push living organic matter out into space , some of which survives and in turn gets transferred to developing planetary systems over a timescale of millions and millions of years , seeding life on the newly formed planets .
Interstellar clouds appear to be the graveyard of life not its cradle
Professor Chandra Wickramasinge
He accepts this model still does not explain how life actually began in the first place , but says there is no hard evidence to support the theory that life only began in a " primordial soup " on Earth , or other places .
Over the past three decades research has shown that large swathes of the Milky Way are strewn with gigantic dust clouds full of organic molecules , which some people have argued shows life emerging independently from new in these clouds .
In his paper , he says recent interpretation of spectra readings from the organic molecules found in interstellar clouds has indicated that they are in fact the remains of bacteria which has been broken down , rather than being built up .
" Interstellar clouds appear to be the graveyard of life not its cradle , " he said .
" Each time a new planetary system forms a few surviving microbes find their way into comets .
These then multiply and seed other planets , " he said .
He adds : " We are thus part of a connected chain of being that extends over a large volume of the cosmos .
Evidence is pointing inexorably in this direction . "
The professor and his late colleague Sir Fred Hoyle championed the panspermia theory from the 1960s .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Citizens Want Climate Action — And How They Want to Pay for It May Surprise You
[ Physics FAQ ] - [ Copyright ]
Original by Don Koks 2003 .
Does centrifugal force hold the Moon up ?
In the 1960s , Wernher von Braun put together a series of articles about space flight , some of which were published in Popular Science Monthly .
Eventually they were collected and made into the book Space Frontier , ( 1st ed. , Holt , Rinehart and Winston ) .
It 's a very readable book , and talks about how rockets work , and flight and safety in space .
In one of the articles , von Braun explains why a satellite is able to stay up while in Earth orbit .
He begins the article by asking what would happen if we could throw an object horizontally , but at faster and faster speeds , such as in the picture shown here .
" Eventually " , he writes , " the curvature of the downward - bent trajectory would become equal to the curvature of the earth . "
This is almost well and good .
( It 's not quite right to say that the curvatures of the orbit and Earth 's surface are the same , even for circular motion , but this is a minor error compared with what comes next . )
The important point is that as the bullet moves faster and faster , a magical speed is reached where the curved Earth drops away from the bullet precisely as fast as the bullet falls to the ground ; added to which , the direction of " down " keeps changing .
As a result , the bullet never gets any closer to the ground — it 's in orbit .
This is actually a marvellous special feature of an inverse square force like gravity ; it would not be guaranteed to happen if gravity were not inverse square .
In general , orbits are ellipses , and one such is drawn on the left .
A picture just like this was originally included by Sir Isaac Newton in his Principia of 1687 .
After this fine start , von Braun then proceeds to muddy the water .
He says that as the bullet is shot at ever faster speeds , " its trajectory will be less deflected because the centrifugal force is increased by its higher speed , and more effectively counteracts the Earth 's gravitational pull . "
At this point physicists baulk .
Centrifugal force ?
What has that got to do with satellite motion ?
Next , von Braun draws a picture of a satellite in Earth orbit .
Acting on the satellite are two forces : gravity , pulling the satellite toward Earth , and this centrifugal force , pushing the satellite away .
He writes " A circular orbit occurs whenever a small mass , travelling through the gravitational field of a big one , happens to have a speed at which the centrifugal force is precisely strong enough to balance the large body 's gravitational pull . "
And later , " If the balance between gravitational and centrifugal force is not perfect , [...] the small body will describe an elliptical path around the large one . "
What would Newton say ?
He too would draw the forces acting on the satellite , and would then proceed to apply his " force = mass × acceleration " ; but first , he'd want to choose an " inertial frame " within which to do this , since his laws only work in inertial frames .
An inertial frame is one in which , if we throw a ball , it moves away from us with constant velocity ( i.e. constant speed in a straight line ) .
Since this does n't quite happen on Earth , the frame Newton would choose would be something more all - encompassing , outside of Earth .
One good approximation would be the frame of the Solar System , within which the Sun is at rest and Earth revolves fairly accurately in a circle around it , once a year .
An inertial frame like this is presumably what von Braun is using , because anything noninertial wo n't tie in too well with his picture of Earth plus satellite .
In an inertial frame , if there really were two equal - but - opposite forces on the satellite as von Braun drew them , then the total force on it would be zero .
So it would n't accelerate ; it would move in a straight line with constant speed .
Since the orbiting satellite does n't move in a straight line , neither von Braun 's picture nor his explanation can be right .
Nothing holds the Moon up !
In reality , nothing holds the Moon up .
As Newton 's inertial frame analysis predicts , the Moon is completely under gravity 's thrall ; in other words , it falls , because in such a frame there 's only one force on the Moon : gravity .
Gravity accelerates it .
That does n't mean its speed must necessarily change , or that it must get closer to Earth ( although actually both of these things do occur slightly during the month , but that 's not an important point ) .
If Newton 's F=ma is solved for the general case of falling under gravity , the motions that result are lines , circles , ellipses , parabolae , and hyperbolae .
In one of those great correspondences between Nature and pure mathematics , these are precisely the curves that result if we take a cone and slice it in any direction .
Even if the Moon 's orbit were circular , its direction of travel would still be changing , which is one kind of acceleration .
( Remember that acceleration is a change in velocity , meaning that acceleration can change an object 's speed , or it can change merely the direction of motion , or both . )
The Moon , and every other satellite , fall just as surely as an apple does when pulled down by gravity .
Whereas the apple changes its speed but not its direction of motion , the Moon changes its direction of motion , but not its speed .
The real difference between a satellite and an apple falling from a tree , is that for the fast sideways - moving satellite , the direction of " down " is always changing .
But the satellite really is falling , and in fact a near - Earth satellite has almost the same acceleration that a falling apple has .
If it 's above us now , then in about 45 minutes , for a low satellite , it will have fallen so far down that it 'll be on the other side of Earth .
By then , the direction of down has reversed completely , and the satellite will again fall down for those who live on the opposite side of Earth , returning to us about 90 minutes after we first saw it .
Of course , it never hits Earth because of its ever - present sideways motion .
The Moon is much farther away where gravity is weaker , so it takes fully two weeks to fall to the other side of Earth .
So what is centrifugal force ?
So why was the concept of centrifugal force invented ?
Centrifugal force was invented to allow us to do proper bookkeeping in a noninertial frame , if we insist on using such a frame to work with Newton 's laws ( and there might be a good reason for wanting to do so ) .
For a simple example of a noninertial frame , consider what happens when you stand in a bus while the driver brakes .
For a few moments , every passenger moves forward .
The heavier ones feel a strong force that acts on their large mass , while the lighter ones feel a small force acting on their small mass .
All feel the same acceleration .
This is called a fictitious force , because it 's a force that we invoke to explain why we are suddenly accelerated forward .
In the ( almost ) inertial frame of the outside street , this force does n't exist .
The real force there is a single simple one provided by the friction of the ground on the bus tyres , and transmitted through its brakes to its body .
This force accelerates the bus backwards — or , to use the more intuitive expression , decelerates the bus .
Unless the passengers hang on , they will continue to move forwards until something inside the bus stops them .
Depending on our choice of frame then , there are two forces to choose from when analysing why the passengers are impelled forward :
In the inertial street frame , there is a braking force that pushes backwards on the bus .
This is a bona - fide force , in the sense that it 's produced in an inertial frame .
It acts on the bus only , so unless we hold on , we 'll continue to move forward at constant velocity .
In the noninertial frame of the decelerating bus , the force is a mysterious force that acts on us , but not on the bus .
It pushes us forwards , and has a strength that is proportional to how massive we are .
Our fellow passenger , twice as massive as ourself , will feel twice as much force , but by F=ma , both we and they will feel the same acceleration .
This is certainly a more complicated force to explain than the simple one that pushes on the bus in the street frame .
Such a mass - dependent force is an indicator that something is awry — we have chosen to use a noninertial frame , and if we demand Newton 's laws to hold in such a frame , then we 'll have to invoke this fictitious force .
It 's worth pointing out that although the force impelling us forward in the bus 's frame when the brakes are applied is conventionally called fictitious , it is real enough for the bus passengers !
It might be a less natural force to use from a fundamental point of view of explaining why Nature works in the way that she does , but that does not mean that a fictitious force is not " real " , that it is some kind of make - believe thing that will go away if we concentrate hard enough .
The word " fictitious " merely means that the force vanishes when we shift our frame of reference to one that is inertial , because inertial frames hold a very special position in physics .
But as a means of quantifying how the passengers in a bus lurch forward when the brakes are applied , a fictitious force is entirely appropriate and as real as any other — in the frame of the bus .
There it must be included in Newton 's laws , as all forces must .
Centrifugal force is such a fictitious force , invented purely to balance the books , when we analyse a situation in a rotating frame .
Because circular motion involves acceleration ( perhaps just a changing direction — not necessarily a changing speed ) , a rotating frame is also accelerated , just as the bus was .
We feel a centrifugal force when the bus goes around a corner .
If we made a better choice of frame ( say , the almost - inertial street frame ) , then we'd see the situation for what it is : the bus feels a simple force due to the friction of the road on its tyres , while the passengers feel no force at all — until their natural constant velocity motion gets checked by the body of the bus , which pushes on them to get them around the corner along with the bus .
But in the noninertial bus frame , there is a strange force that pushes sideways on the passengers until they press against the inside wall of the bus .
So centrifugal force is a fictitious force invoked to make Newton 's laws work in a rotating frame .
( For that matter , Coriolis force is another fictitious force that we introduce in Earth 's gently rotating frame , to explain why large air masses , moving due to pressure differences , feel forces that work to create winds . )
Centrifugal force has absolutely nothing at all to do with the motion of a satellite , as long as we do our calculations within an inertial frame .
If we choose a noninertial frame , then we 'll certainly need to invoke a centrifugal force .
But a noninertial frame is n't fundamental — it has no use for explaining why the satellite orbits Earth .
A good intuitive case in point is that of geosynchronous satellites .
These are placed in orbit about 36,000 km above Earth 's equator , at just the right height that they orbit Earth in one day .
Since Earth rotates once in the same period , these satellites always hover above the same point on its surface .
From an inertial frame ( say , the Solar System ) , there is nothing special about geosynchronous satellites .
They feel only gravity , and respond to it by falling , while retaining the sideways motion given to them when they were initially released from the rocket that sent them up .
But from the point of view of someone standing on Earth 's surface and defining himself to be at rest , a geosynchronous satellite just hovers in one place , as if it were somehow overcoming the gravity force that acts upon it .
Remember though , that the rotating Earth is a noninertial frame , and we will need to invoke a centrifugal force to make Newton 's F=ma work .
So we can certainly say that in this unnatural frame there is a centrifugal force holding the satellite up .
But it 's precisely because noninertial frames are so unnatural , that we are forced into inventing this fictitious force to keep the books balanced .
If we want to calculate things in this frame , then that 's fine .
Keep the centrifugal force , and everything will work out right .
And for whatever reason , it might well be useful to do our calculations in this noninertial frame .
But to explain why the satellite stays up , we need to choose an inertial frame .
In that frame , the centrifugal force vanishes , the satellite no longer stays up , and the question evaporates .
Is gravity itself a fictitious force ?
A few lines up , I wrote that the force we feel when the bus is braking is weird , in that its strength is proportional to our own mass .
But what about gravity ?
That also has a strength that is proportional to our mass !
Could gravity be a fictitious force too ?
Yes , that 's exactly how gravity is viewed these days .
This is the content of Einstein 's General theory of Relativity .
Einstein conjectured that perhaps we 've been looking at things in the wrong way .
Newton viewed the orbit of a satellite , or the parabolic flight of a projectile , or the fall of an apple , to be complicated motions caused by the action of this mysterious force called gravity .
But Einstein turned the problem on its head , and decided that satellites , projectiles , and apples are all following a motion that is as simple as any motion can be , provided they are viewed on the stage of a curved spacetime .
The ones whose motion through spacetime is very complicated are ourselves , standing on Earth 's surface .
This change of view was n't just made for the sake of a different viewpoint .
Einstein 's change in viewpoint enabled him to make predictions that differ to corresponding ones made by Newton 's theory .
And it is Einstein 's predictions that have been verified experimentally to a very high accuracy .
So gravity can be treated as a fictitious force .
But it 's a sort of " higher order " fictitious force when compared to the everyday one we experience in a bus : unlike the very uniform force that pushes us forward in a braking bus , gravity can't be made to completely vanish by a simple change of frame .
Added to that , the mathematics of curved spacetimes is more complicated than using F=ma .
So for everyday use , it 's completely sufficient to treat gravity as a good old bona - fide force , just like the mechanics books tell us to do .
And what of the Nazi senior SS officer Wernher von Braun ?
He is often regarded as the father of modern rocketry and of putting a man on the Moon , even though he took his key ideas from Robert Goddard .
The main reason von Braun got rockets to work was his access to huge Nazi funding and slave labour , things that Goddard did not possess , and which von Braun never acknowledged or apologised for .
But it 's clear from his book above that von Braun did n't understand the first thing about orbital dynamics .
His role in the history of the American space programme needs re-evaluating .
The scientists who really did understand orbital dynamics would 've succeeded in putting men on the Moon even if von Braun had never been enlisted as head of the programme .
( CNN ) -- NASA says it has launched an investigation after finding cocaine in a processing hangar for a space shuttle at Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
A small amount of cocaine was found in a restricted area of the processing hangar for the shuttle Discovery , NASA said in a statement .
" This is a rare and isolated incident , and I 'm disappointed that it happened , but it should not detract from the outstanding work that is being done by a dedicated team on a daily basis , " Kennedy Space Center Director Bob Cabana said in the statement .
NASA has drug - tested employees who worked in that area , the statement said .
" There were about 200 NASA and contractor personnel who were around the facility at the time the drug was found , " the statement said .
CNN affiliate WESH reported that the cocaine was found this week in a small bag on the floor near a bathroom in the restricted area .
NASA is using its own security and law enforcement officials to conduct the investigation .
Discovery 's next launch is in March , NASA says .
" There is no reason whatsoever to believe this incident will have any impact on Discovery 's upcoming launch , " Cabana said .
No posts match your query .
Show all posts
Opera for computers beta version
Preview the features planned for release in Opera browser , right as we are working on the final touches .
LLVM Related Publications
Here are some of the publications that use or build on LLVM .
This list generally lags behind publication ; if you have a paper for this list , please email the LLVM Developer 's mailing list with a Subject : line that begins with the word " Publication " or commit it directly to the www - pubs SVN module if you have llvm.org commit access .
Please enable Javascript to view this page properly .
By now we 've all heard of the protesters shouted racial and sexual epithets at some House Democrats as they made their way to hear President Obama speak to his party this weekend to encourage them to pass the healthcare reform bill .
Emanuel Cleaver was apparently spat on , Barney Frank was called a faggot , and John Lewis was called the N - word .
And on Wednesday , CBS released some of the messages left for Bart Stupak , calling him , among other things , " a baby - killing motherfucker " for his decision to support the healthcare bill that President Obama signed into law on Monday .
At least 10 members of Congress have received death threats .
I hardly find this surprising .
Not because I 'm a liberal , and not because I feel that these people are the crazy fringe elements of the world looking for a place to vent .
And not because we saw it last summer at the town hall meetings .
I 'm not surprised because our tactile , physical world has become like the internet , and this kind of thing is normal there ( here ) .
In Understanding Media , Marshall McLuhan explains that , " The ' message ' of any medium or technology is the change of scale or pace or pattern that it introduces into human affairs . "
It 's the thought process behind his famous assertion that " the medium is the message " .
In other words , McLuhan said , something like the railway ( the medium , or " extension of ourselves " ) did n't introduce humans to the idea of transportation , but rather altered human perceptions and functions as they related to distance , leisure , and work .
What 's been clearly emerging for some time as part of the message of the internet is a change in our relationships .
And it is there that the internet performs a sort of weird de-evolution from the resulting messages of preceding media , in that other forms of technology have eventually allowed humans to understand one another .
Of all the changes in pattern that the television introduced , perhaps its most crucial was the elimination of the unfamiliar .
But one facet of the internet 's message is that of a re-emerging tribalism .
Even a " social " network like Facebook is designed to be exclusive .
Everyone 's there , and yet nobody is .
When one examines the traits of online forums or comment threads , there is even more fracturing of opinion ; opinion , one can't help but note , that is accepted as valid by virtue of it being there .
It 's a symptom of the nature of the online world – one that is endlessly self - selective , tending more toward the validation of one 's own perceptions , rather than consideration of conflicting information .
Obviously , the internet did not cause people to be rude , or to hurl epithets ; this is not the first time someone 's been called the N - word in public .
What the internet has done is present communal ideas in a way that we 've rarely , if ever , seen .
When everything arrives at once , context is lost , with any and all information being regarded on a level field .
That lack of hierarchical information lends unintentional weight to everything , equally .
While the message of every medium that has preceded the internet has altered human perception , never has a medium presented all previous content simultaneously , electronically , at the speed of light .
And as McLuhan noted during a speech to the Empire Club of Canada in 1972 , " At electric speeds , nobody makes decisions but everybody becomes participant in a complex situation for which he can take no responsibility whatever . "
So , back to the demonstrators shouting at House Democrats as they walked to hear the president speak .
There 's no particular way to account for how that kind of vulgarity became commonplace online , because since we all made the decision to accept it at the same time , nobody did .
However , it might be easier to see how the language of the internet and relationships of the online world have begun to alter human functions .
Older technological media such as television or radio have become more like the internet – not only more fractured , but increasingly interactive and opinion - based .
It 's made online expression more legitimate , and encouraged the perception that as on the web , social barriers in the physical world ( that is , not online ) are similarly limited or nonexistent .
The fact that abusive epithets are being expressed in public is n't new , but the pattern might be ; they are part of a new message .
But this aspect of the internet 's message should not surprise us .
After all , as McLuhan said during his last television appearance , " The global village is a place of very arduous interfaces and very abrasive situations . "
1 of 1 2 of 1
Gwen Johansson lives in what used to be idyllic surroundings a few kilometres west of Fort St. John in B.C. ’s northeast .
Lately , though , the tranquillity of her home overlooking the placid Peace River has been shattered by an intrusive flow of traffic .
Often operating around the clock , heavy - bodied tanker trucks pull off Highway 29 and line up at the riverbank to drop in thick hoses and gun high - volume pumps that suck up thousands of litres of water in just a few minutes .
“ They ’re hauling out of there day and night , ” Johansson told the Georgia Straight by phone , “ one loading , two more waiting .
You can see the amount of water that ’s going out . ”
You may be able to see it , but you ca n’t measure it .
No public agency requires the truckers or their employers to keep a tally of the water they extract from the Peace and other streams for delivery to the scores of gas wells being drilled at any one time in the area .
Estimates based on Peace drilling activity , however , suggest that the giant sucking sound could reach as high as 135 billion litres a year .
That ’s enough water to fill a line of tanker trucks parked bumper to bumper around the equator — five abreast .
You ’re also not allowed to know what gets mixed in with the river water before it ’s injected into the ground under staggering pressure in order to fracture solid rock and release the hydrocarbons trapped there .
Drilling contractors insist the mixes they use are trade secrets .
The Oil and Gas Commission , British Columbia ’s decade - old one - stop shop for gas and oil oversight , is n’t curious .
“ The question I ask in reverse , ” said the OGC ’s leader for corporate affairs , Steve Simons , in his Victoria digs — the temple to sustainable building , Dockside Green — “ is why ?
Why is it important to know ? ”
Well , perhaps because the chemicals the same international gas - field contractors have injected in the United States and elsewhere in Canada using the same fracturing technique have been linked to a string of contaminations — culminating in events as bizarre as a house explosion in Ohio and the flammable water that flows from faucets in the high - prairie hamlet of Rosebud , Alberta .
Or perhaps because boosters claim that companies pursuing the high - pressure penetration of holes in the earth known as “ hydro - fracturing ” — or more often simply as “ fracking ” — will pour close to a billion dollars a year into provincial coffers over the next quarter - century and boost our gross provincial product over the same period by $ 121 billion .
Although all that coin certainly makes a nice sound , when someone is spending that much money on you , it ’s also wise to know what they expect once the lights are turned low .
But this is not a love story .
It ’s a story about power , both the raw and naked kind , and the subtler sort of influence that plays the instruments of public policy .
It ’s the story of how British Columbia ’s water is being well and truly fracked over on the way to igniting the continent ’s hottest gas play — and helping businesses like Exxon and Calgary - based EnCana Corporation reposition themselves for the inevitable economic rebound as vendors of a new kind of “ green ” hydrocarbon .
“ Clean ” , “ clean burning ” , “ clean energy ” , “ the cleanest - burning fossil fuel ” ” ¦
Such boasts leap routinely from Web sites and promotional material produced by major gas companies .
The claims are based on the fact that burning natural gas , typically a mixture of methane , ethane , propane , and other volatile molecules , produces fewer greenhouse gases than burning coal or oil .
And recently , with an incipient economic recovery poised to send subdued gas prices soaring , the industry has been steadily revising its reserve estimates upward based on what it maintains are new and innovative techniques to unlock previously inaccessible deposits .
Horizontal drilling and hydro - fracturing , drillers say , have pushed estimates of recoverable gas reserves in North America to record highs ( in part explaining the current dip in gas prices ) .
Global adoption of the same techniques , said Houston industry watcher Amy Myers Jaffe of Rice University in an October 2009 article in the New York Times , “ will change the geopolitics of natural gas ” .
Sideways holes and fast fracking have certainly buffed the geoeconomics of British Columbia .
Hydrocarbon - bearing shale deposits in the Horn River and Montney areas of the province ’s northeast are widely touted as North America ’s most promising gas plays , bigger even than the Barnett Shale , a heavily developed zone underlying east Texas .
A July 2009 analysis by the Calgary - based and industry - funded Canadian Energy Research Institute produced the eye - popping forecast that gas development in the Peace country would generate 847,000 person - years of employment over the next 25 years — the equivalent of about 34,000 permanent jobs .
That the practices behind this bonanza are either new or clean , however , is a stretch .
Hydro - fracturing dates back to the years immediately after the Second World War , when a then - modest oil - field - service company named Halliburton ( yup , that Halliburton ) acquired a proprietary technique for pumping water mixed with jellied gasoline — aka napalm — at horrendous pressure into oil wells .
The injections loosened sticky crude from surrounding rock and increased the amount that could be recovered .
Soon , hydro - fracturing became one of the company ’s biggest revenue earners .
Modern hydro - fracturing has evolved , but continues to rely on a combination of brute force and chemistry .
Multiple high - pressure pumps force vast quantities ( as much as 10 million to 15 million litres at a time ) of water - based fracking liquid into gas - bearing rock with the intent of shattering it like a piece of plate glass dropped on cement .
Additives in the fracking liquid may include solvents , acids , detergents , and even diesel and kerosene .
This then serves to dislodge gas molecules from the broken rock , while sand or glass pellets ( “ proppants ” , in the jargon ) keep the newly created fissures open , allowing the freed gas to migrate to a recovery well .
The more recent development of horizontal drilling — boreholes that start out going straight down but are made to turn and extend out horizontally for thousands of metres — has simply allowed rigs located on a single pad at the surface to reach much farther and wider underground than ever before .
In the Peace , a single pad may be the starting point for a dozen holes that radiate out below ground to tap into several square kilometres of buried shale .
Each hole will typically be “ fracked ” a dozen times , some more than twice as often .
Field operators in the Peace have told area citizens that a typical frack there takes 2,000 cubic metres of water to complete .
That ’s roughly 110 tanker hauls .
Gas companies like EnCana point out that additives make up only about one percent of the volume injected .
But if you do the math , that ’s still 20,000 litres of concentrated chemicals per frack .
What ’s in the cocktail is a secret , kept closely guarded by Halliburton , Schlumberger , and other well - service companies .
A B.C. Energy , Mines , and Petroleum Resources
Web site offers this comforting but naive description of what ’s being pumped down :
“ The fluids used are generally biodegradable organic materials , a mixture of nitrogen and water to create thick foam — simply water with a small amount of biodegradable gel . ”
But frack fluids used here are the same ones used everywhere else in North America .
Chemical detective work by several U.S. environmental groups has identified at least some common ingredients .
One analysis circulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency found that among the many toxic compounds blended into fracking foams and gels were benzene , toluene , ethylbenzene , naphthalene , xylene , and 2 - butoxyethanol ; several were found to exceed U.S. safe drinking water standards even in diluted use .
Another group , the Endocrine Disruption Exchange , analyzed the “ material safety data sheets ” about the compounds that are posted at most job sites and found that “ ninety - six percent provide a warning about eye and / or skin harm , 94 percent warn about respiratory harm , and 49 percent warn about brain or neurological harm . ”
Most big fracking outfits in the States agreed voluntarily in 2003 to drop one prominent source of benzene and naphthalene from their mixes — common diesel oil — while making no concession that its use was unsafe .
When asked if diesel could be in the B.C. mix , the OGC ’s Simons replied , “ It could be .
We do n’t require them to give us a stock list , x percent of this and x percent of that and y of the third ingredient .
The protection is in not allowing that water to reach the environment .
We closely monitor the [ aboveground ] handling at all stages . ”
Aboveground , frack fluids get the full hazmat treatment .
As for what ’s pumped down the hole , the OGC ’s position is that what ’s deep out of sight is safely out of mind .
In that , the British Columbia regulator is in step with most of its North American counterparts .
Only a handful of U.S. states require drillers to disclose their fracking formulas .
Things got even better for the industry in 2001 .
Halliburton ’s former CEO , Dick Cheney , was vice president of the United States and tasked with writing a new energy policy .
In the interest of boosting domestic gas production , it granted the fracking business an unprecedented blanket immunity from provisions of the U.S. Clean Water Act .
Again , the rationale was that what happens to nasty gunk thousands of feet underground should n’t worry us none up here in the daylight .
Flaws in that complacent argument surfaced almost immediately , often literally bubbling up from the ground .
Another EPA study , released only after the Cheney - Bush administration left office , linked fracking to the contamination of scores of water wells in rural Wyoming .
Of particular concern was the detected presence in several of 2 - butoxyethanol , a fracking compound associated with kidney damage and reproductive problems .
In Ohio , fire investigators blamed a 2007 explosion that levelled a family home ( happily , without fatalities ) on gases released from shale seams fracked too close to the surface .
In September 2009 , wildlife officials identified waste fracking fluid as the likely cause of a fish kill that sterilized 30 miles of a Pennsylvania creek , exterminating 160 species of fish , salamanders , crawfish , and freshwater mussels .
Jessica Ernst , a biologist and environmental consultant to the oil and gas industry in Alberta , has firsthand experience of what happens when fracking products do n’t stay safely underground .
After EnCana drilled and fracked several experimental gas wells in the coulees above her home east of Calgary , Ernst said in a phone interview , “ I began to notice that my skin was burning in the shower .
I thought it was some weird early menopause thing .
Then my dogs suddenly refused to drink the water .
They backed up away from it . ”
Tests discovered sky - high levels of methane and ethane in Ernst ’s tap water and kerosene in the municipal well serving her hamlet of Rosebud .
On some days , so much gas bubbled out of Ernst ’s tap water that she could ( and for demonstration purposes often did , until the risks began to alarm her ) set the flaring gas alight .
It should come as no surprise that a hard fracking could open up unforeseen conduits for hydrocarbons and fracking fluid itself to migrate to the surface .
Opening channels for the movement of gas and liquids is , after all , the point of the exercise .
“ The idea is that it expands existing fractures and opens up new ones , ” Diana Allen , a ground - water scientist at Simon Fraser University , told the Straight .
“ If you enhance the permeability of the rock mass — which is the purpose of hydro - fracking — you create pathways , so that if you put something into the ground , it ’s going to go somewhere else . ”
Still , the OGC ’s Simons said British Columbians need not fear a repeat of the unpleasantness associated with fracking in other places : “ We ’ve had the benefit of learning from other jurisdictions .
We ’re light - years ahead of other regulators , in the North American context . ”
That leading position may depend on your perspective .
Certainly , the provincial commission created in 1998 to take over oil - and gas - patch oversight previously conducted by a half - dozen provincial ministries , ranging from Environment to Multiculturalism ( functions still divided among numerous agencies in most U.S. states ) , offers convenience to the industry .
Rules require drill holes be lined with steel and cement at least 25 metres into impermeable rock below any known aquifers , Simons noted , a measure he insisted adequately prevents the inadvertent release of fracking fluid .
The OGC , he added , can deny or revoke permits allowing contractors to pump water from lakes and streams if the withdrawal would harm the environment .
But universal experience suggests that Murphy ’s Law sooner or later trumps those that legislators enact .
And B.C. ’s “ light - years ahead ” regulator has some catching up to do with the state of the art in responsive measures to protect the public interest :
”¢ Ten U.S. states now require frackers to disclose , at least to officials , exactly what it is they ’re injecting into the ground .
The idea is to make it easier to prove — or disprove — any alleged link between a specific frack and subsequent water contamination .
” ¢ After the events in Rosebud , Alberta prohibited fracking at depths shallower than 200 metres .
B.C. is inching toward a similar prohibition , although SFU ’s Allen objected that no single measure can adequately protect B.C. ’s poorly understood aquifers or the significant number of water wells deeper than the proposed safety zone .
By contrast , the state of Virginia banned fracks at depths of less than 152 metres below the lowest point of elevation or the deepest water well located within 457 metres of a gas well .
”¢ Alberta also gives the owner of any water well exposed to proposed fracking the right to have water from the well tested at the expense of the gas company before development occurs .
Without such a baseline test , any later allegation blaming loss of a well ’s flow or its contamination on overly energetic fracking will come down to a “ he said , she said ” standoff , Simons said .
Yet British Columbians are entitled to no such predevelopment test and may even find tests they pay for themselves disqualified on technical grounds .
The Oil and Gas Commission ’s makeup and funding offer little reassurance on its loyalties .
Fees levied on the industry it polices , $ 27 million in the past fiscal year , fund its 185 staff salaries and pay the rent on its ergonomic office space in Victoria .
Membership on its board of directors is limited to three people : the deputy minister of Energy , Mines , and Petroleum Resources ; the commission ’s CEO , Alex Ferguson ; and a retired oil - and - gas driller named John Jacobsen .
Asked if this was like letting the fox into the hen house , Simons said : “ That ’s an image we ’ve worked hard at overcoming . ”
Maybe not hard enough .
“ The OGC has a very real interest in getting the oil and gas out of the ground , ” observed the Peace District ’s Gwen Johansson .
“ Oil and gas are nice , but water is essential , and they ’re not keeping track of it . ”
That ’s Rick Koechl ’s concern too .
The Fort St. John teacher has taken on the task of educating himself and his neighbours about what the gas boom in the northeast may mean for its water .
Koechl says his “ awareness moment ” came in the spring of 2009 .
Through membership in a local volunteer group , he was present when a fellow from Schlumberger , one of the big field - service outfits , explained fracking .
As Koechl contemplated the volumes of water being described , “ my jaw started to drop .
It would have to be a four - lane highway to the Horn River and it would be wall - to - wall water trucks , 24 - 7 .
Clearly , there is not enough water in the river . ”
But then , who ’s counting ?
Although it is a non -faith school , 95 per cent of pupils at Daisyfield Primary School in Blackburn , Lancs are Muslim .
In an illustration of the rapidly changing face of Britain , it is the first state , non-Muslim , primary school to get the certificate from the Halal Monitoring Committee .
Although many primary schools in the UK serve Halal meat , they are certified only by the Halal Food Authority .
The Monitoring Committee enforces tougher checks on packaging , delivery and preparation .
Headmaster Peter Fenton , who received the certificate from local councillor Salim Mulla , said : “ I am pleased our self - managed kitchen has been recognised as meeting the standards of the Halal Monitoring Committee for purchase , storage and preparation of our meals . ”
Moulana Hanif , Halal Monitoring Committee local area representative , said : “ I would personally like to thank Daisyfield for taking this very important step towards supplying genuine Halal products to the ­children attending the school .
Python packaging is a common theme on which to complain , and rightly so .
It ’s no one ’s first love , so it tends not to get the devoted attention of say , Numpy .
And it ’s a hard problem to solve well .
So we have a mish - mash of tools that each do about 75 % of the job .
But there ’s one small aspect of Python packaging that could easily be solved well if people just attended to it :
Not enough Python projects clearly state what versions of Python they run on .
For example , suppose you are in the market for a mock object library for your tests .
There ’s no shortage .
Less than a minute at PyPI produces mock , MiniMock , mocktest , Mocky , pmock , mocker , mockito , and ludibrio .
Some of those PyPI pages have extensive documentation .
Not a single one explicitly mentions the versions of Python supported .
And I do n’t mean 2.x vs. 3.x . I want to know if it will run on 2.4 or not .
Ludibrio and Mocky offer a slight clue in that they are available for download as an egg , for 2.5 and 2.4 respectively .
pMock mentions >= 2.3 support on the home page linked from the PyPI page .
On top of all the other well - known difficulties people have with Python packaging , at the very least , we should be able to manage this : clearly state what versions of Python you support .
This is a simple three - step process :
Decide what versions you want to support .
Test your code on those versions .
Add a sentence like this to your PyPI documentation : “ SpockMocker runs on Python 2.5 and 2.6 ” .
The Python community will thank you .
President Obama 's 2011 federal budget , a nearly $ 4 - trillion monstrosity , includes an increase of $ 117 million for domestic violence programs -- a 22 - percent increase .
It is time to shine the light of truth on so - called " domestic violence " issues .
Instead of " spousal abuse , " the broader term " domestic violence " provides cover for the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) to spawn widespread distortion of data that is used for political ammunition to hold taxpayers hostage to the VAWA Mafia -- all those bureaucrats and social workers whose existence depends upon convincing the public that husbands are dangerous to their wives and children .
In fact , the mothers ' boyfriends are most often the perpetrators of abuse deaths , and mothers are more often responsible for the neglect fatalities .
In fact , many of the experts in the area of abuse against women and children report that VAWA advocates have been pushing a slated message for more than two decades , an agenda that is detrimental to the traditional family and destructive of the Constitution .
Indeed , it is not an exaggeration to refer to the " VAWA Mafia " because the Violence Against Women
Act does little to protect women or children .
Instead , it wastes money ( over $ 1 billion a year ) and propagates false information .
Let 's be clear : Violence against women and children is a heinous act .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services reports that every year in the United States , there are over 3 million referrals of child abuse that involve " the alleged maltreatment of approximately 6 million children . "
Who does not recoil when innocence is stolen , whether in one awful trauma or through persistent , unrelenting acts of neglect , anger , sexual dominance , or vengeance ?
However , what is often overlooked is the central role that family structure plays when it comes to incidents of violence against women and children .
While the majority of American children move through the stages of childhood in a secure environment where they are both loved and protected , increasing numbers of children live in household arrangements where they are neglected and abused rather than cherished .
Millions of children learn early that they rate a distant second or third in priority behind drugs and / or their mothers ' boyfriends .
Little wonder that many children live in fear of what might happen to them next when there is a rotating cycle of boyfriends moving in with their mothers .
Their family instability , lack of supervision , and desperate conditions keep them from having the happy childhood that we would wish for all children ; worse , their childhood mistreatment threatens their future , and indeed , their health and life .
At the same time that our nation has improved so many living conditions for Americans across the board , we have produced a culture that is injurious to our women and children .
It is virtually impossible for society to protect our nation 's children from the conditions resulting from the sexual revolution and the breakdown of the family .
The sad reality is that we are spinning our wheels as a nation in trying to keep up with the problems of children who are denied the presence and protection of mature , concerned fathers .
The latest figures show that federal spending on children is now 15.4 percent of the total federal domestic spending , yet UNICEF ranks the United States 20th in children 's well - being among the twenty - one richest democracies in the world .
How many more children will be abused before we acknowledge that the investment America needs to make for the nation 's children is to encourage marriage ?
A married father - mother home is the safest and most nurturing place for the nation 's children .
The latest National Incidence of Child Abuse and Neglect ( NIS - 3 ) reveals a 67 - percent increase in the incidence of child maltreatment since 1986 and a 149 - percent increase since 1980 .
The NIS - 3 reports , not surprisingly , that children of single parents were " overrepresented " compared to their counterparts living with both parents .
While predators may target any child , the data is overwhelming :
The safest place for a child is with his or her married mother and father .
All other household arrangements carry a higher risk of abuse and neglect .
Abuse is six times higher in stepfamilies than in intact families .
Abuse is fourteen times higher in a single - mother family than in intact families .
Abuse is twenty times higher with cohabiting parents than in an intact family .
Abuse is thirty - three times higher with cohabiting partners than in an intact family .
These unstable cohabiting households are dangerous places for children .
The United States leads the developed nations in the number of child maltreatment deaths .
The child abuse death rate for American children is three times higher than Canada's , is higher than Japan's , Germany's , France 's , the United Kingdom's , and is eleven times higher than Italy's .
Households that are poor owing to patterns of dysfunctional behavior ( particularly where alcohol and drugs are abused ) are dangerous places for children .
Doubtless this finding is influenced by the fact that more than three out of five poor families with children are headed by single women , and when they cohabitate , their children are at risk by the presence of a adult male with whom they have no biological relationship but with whom the children compete for the mother 's time and affection .
Abuse , however , can occur across the economic and social spectrum ; it is not limited to the poorest families .
Herbert Ward pithily said , " Child abuse casts a shadow the length of a lifetime . "
We all need to shine lights of truth into the shadows .
We need to work to bring dads back into families so that the nation 's children will be protected now , and equally important , will be enabled to realize their potential as they move forward toward a bright future .
“ But it will only take you an hour or so . . . ”
As a graphic designer , I hear this comment a few times a year — a client is unclear as to why I wo n’t simply charge them by the hour , sometimes by fifteen - minute increments .
I can sympathize .
When spending my money , I want to know I am not being gouged and that I am getting what I am paying for .
It ’s this concept of getting what you are paying for that sometimes needs clarification when discussing logo design .
My creative process typically involves coffee shops , walking , driving and not sleeping .
Taking time away from the creative problem is vital to finding a solution .
I will catch myself taking a break from working on an identity only to have a sudden jolt of inspiration .
It is often these moments away from my desk , times of incubation that are worth every penny a client is billed .
You really can’t force creativity to happen .
There are ways to encourage it , and a process is there to help direct it , but , in the end , it has to just happen .
So while a project may only take an hour at a desk , I can assure you more time was spent thinking about it .
I think it ’s a better idea and more appropriate for clients to understand they are paying for a solution and not for the time associated .
A graphic designers ’ job is to solve problems .
One of these problems is helping clients understand the creative process , and , in turn , the value behind design .
Paul Ryan earned praise from me today , but a reader reminds me he remains in fact a remarkable symbol of Republican chutzpah on the question of health care spending .
Yes , he voted for the Medicare Prescription Drug Act when Bush was president , the most fiscally irresponsible measure in decades .
Today , he railed against it , without holding himself accountable .
This is what drives me nuts about today 's Republicans .
They are like Eliot Spitzer railing against Obama for not cracking down on prostitution .
They are able to turn on a dime from big spenders to tea-partiers without ever facing up to their own central , vital role in bankrupting this country .
Paul Ryan is Exhibit A .
He deserves credit for proposing radical moves for future spending cuts - making him unique in the entire GOP .
But until he can explain why he voted to bust the budget by a far bigger amount under a Republican president and now poses as fiscally conservative , I find it hard to trust him .
Until he repudiates by name the policies of the last president , he should be thought of as partisan Republican first and fiscal conservative second .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Can Liverpool get back on their perch ?
The quest to retake their title record
Liverpool can draw level with Manchester United on 20 Premier League titles by retaining their crown in 2020 / 21 – but can they really sustain those stellar standards ?
VIDEO - Pour Benoît Thieulin , créateur de la nouvelle plateforme web du PS , et Thierry Solère , en charge de l'économie numérique à l'UMP , les réseaux sociaux des partis politiques se préparent à la prochaine campagne présidentielle .
Tous deux affirment s'inspirer de la campagne électronique de Barack Obama , mais proposent deux visions différentes du web communautaire .
A gauche , Benoît Thieulin , architecte de la Coopol ( le réseau social du Parti socialiste ) , promeut un site avant tout destiné à faciliter le militantisme de terrain .
A droite , Thierry Solère , chargé de l'économie numérique à l'UMP , défend à travers les Créateurs de possibles ( la nouvelle plateforme électronique du parti présidentiel ) une vision « deux point zéro » de la démocratie participative , où chacun peut déposer une proposition , une idée , et rallier d'autres internautes à sa cause .
Invités de Parlons Net sur France Info , une émission dont Lefigaro . fr est partenaire ( avec cette semaine Rue89 ) , Benoît Thieulin et Thierry Solère défendent fermement l'utilité de leurs sites respectifs , malgré le peu d'enthousiasme qu'ils semblent susciter à la veille des régionales ( le PS revendique 20.000 membres actifs , tandis que l'UMP recense moins de 10.000 inscrits , NDLR ) .
Leur argument commun : les régionales constituent un rodage en vue de la prochaine campagne présidentielle .
« On ne peut pas lancer un tel outil six mois avant » , justifie ainsi Thierry Solère , avant de reconnaître qu'il est peut - être un peu « paradoxal » d'avoir lancé juste avant les régionales un outil conçu pour un autre campagne .
Retrouvez l'émission Parlons
Net dans son intégralité :
LIRE AUSSI
» PS et UMP : deux visions du web communautaire
» DOSSIER SELECT - Internet et politique
The new Mercedes SLS 63 AMG safety car © Mercedes Enlarge Related Links
Who on earth is ...:
Bernd Maylander ?
Drivers :
Michael Schumacher Picture Gallery :
New safety car gallery
SLS safety car gallery
Mercedes has announced that this year 's F1 safety car will be based on its gull - wing SLS 63 AMG .
The supercharged V8 supercar , with its doors hinged on the roof , will be the fastest F1 safety car ever and draws its design cues from the classic 1950s Mercedes 300SL .
The road - going SLS 63 AMG has recently gone on sale with a list price of £ 157,500 and 571 bhp .
It has been promoted recently by Michael Schumacher , in a dramatic TV advert that sees the German drive upside - down in a tunnel .
Bernd Maylander will again be the full - time safety car driver and will get his hands on the car it at the opening round in Bahrain in two - weeks time .
Russ Steele
One of the main impacts of the next Great Minimum , that some scientist are calling the Eddy Minimum , will be on agriculture .
Astronomer John A. Eddy in 1976 wrote a landmark paper in Science entitled ‘ The Maunder Minimum ' in honor of Edward W. Maunder , an earlier astronomer who had examined the period during 1645 - 1715 when sunspots became extremely rare .
It was also a period when the world experienced succesive crop failures .
WorldCrops.com has this to say about the Maunder Minimum and crop failures .
During one 30 - year period within the Maunder Minimum astronomers observed only about 50 sunspots , as opposed to the thousands in modern times .
The science is robust , and based on a systematic programme of observations conducted by the Observatoire de Paris .
What is notable is that the Maunder Minimum coincided with the middle , and coldest part of , the so - called Little Ice Age , during which Europe and North America experienced bitterly cold winters .
During the Little Ice
Age the northern hemisphere cooling was only “ modest ” , according to the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , at less than 1° C .
But what may have been only ‘ modest ’ cooling on a hemispherical basis still had dramatic effects .
The Baltic Sea regularly froze in winters , such that people took sledge rides between Poland and Sweden , with seasonal inns established en route .
In the winter of 1780 , New York harbour froze , allowing people to walk from Manhattan to Staten Island .
Successive harvest failures in France in the late 18th century were commonplace , and the resulting famines helped spark the French Revolution .
North European males lost on average 2.5 inches in height by the early 1700s , the result of inadequate diets and associated diseases .
And the knock - on effects of the cooler climate were manifold and self - reinforcing ; Europe ’s fishing fleets declined , as their main catch , cod , moved further south to warmer waters .
It was n’t all bad news , though .
During the Little Ice Age , Spanish conquistadors returned from South America with a new staple foodstuff , suitable for the cool and damp climate of the Andes and which flourished in the new cooler and wetter climate in Europe – the potato .
One method for the tracking the impacts of the Eddy Minimum will be to track the changes in agricultural prices over the next decade at web sites like WorldCrops.com .
Cross Posted at NC Media Watch
LONDON — Tony
Blair will undergo a public grilling this week over the U.K.'s role in the Iraq war , raising questions about the former prime minister 's legacy and his value to the Labour Party he once led as it prepares for a tough election battle .
In a much - anticipated appearance on Jan. 29 before a five - member panel investigating the war , Mr. Blair is expected to face questions about the legitimacy — and even legality — of the U.K.'s involvement in Iraq .
He will be confronted about whether he committed to overthrow Saddam Hussein long before the immediate run-up to the war , and quizzed about criticisms of the U.K 's preparedness for the invasion and its minimal influence over U.S. allies .
The spotlight on Iraq is the latest in a series of dents Mr. Blair 's reputation has sustained since leaving office in 2007 after a 10 - year run .
One of modern Britain 's most influential and popular politicians , he led the seemingly unelectable Labour Party to power in 1997 .
Now , however , the war and Britain 's deep recession have soured voters on the Labour regime .
The former prime minister has taken a series of hits : the rejection by European governments of Britain 's attempts to install Mr. Blair as the European Union 's first president , questions about his effectiveness as a U.N. special envoy to the Middle East , and his acceptance of lucrative consulting work from companies such as the U.S. bankJ.P. Morgan Chase & Co. , leading to accusations — including from within his party — that he has cashed in on his status .
He also makes paid speeches , including a series of talks he is due to give to London hedge fund Lansdowne Partners Ltd .
Mr. Blair has long said it was right to remove Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein because of the threat he posed to the region .
A spokesman for Mr. Blair declined to comment on the coming hearing .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney suffered a mild heart attack Monday when he complained of chest pains and was hospitalized , his office said Tuesday .
" Lab testing revealed evidence of a mild heart attack , " the statement said .
" He underwent a stress test and a heart catheterization .
He is feeling good and is expected to be discharged in the next day or two . "
During the catheterization , which took place at George Washington University Hospital , doctors examined blood flow to the heart and tested how well the heart was pumping .
In the procedure , a doctor inserts a catheter , a thin plastic tube , into an artery or vein in the arm or leg and threads it into the chambers of the heart or into the coronary arteries .
The test can measure blood pressure within the heart and how much oxygen the blood contains .
Two sources said Tuesday that Cheney , 69 , was in his hospital room , where he had lunch with family members .
He also was working with them editing a chapter of a book he is writing .
He was described as being in good spirits .
Cheney made and received calls much of the afternoon , a source said .
Among those who called to wish him well were former President George W. Bush , Vice President Joe Biden , former top aides and friends , the source said .
Monday 's heart attack was Cheney 's fifth .
The first occurred in 1978 , when he was 37 .
He suffered his second in 1984 and his third in 1988 before undergoing quadruple bypass surgery to unblock his arteries .
His fourth heart attack occurred in November 2000 , after he became vice president .
At that time , doctors inserted a stent to open an artery .
Doctors in 2001 implanted a device to track and control his heart rhythm .
In 2008 , he underwent a procedure to restore his heart to a normal rhythm after doctors found he was experiencing a recurrence of atrial fibrillation , an abnormal heart rhythm that affects the heart 's two upper chambers .
Special coverage : Matters of the Heart
Cheney served under former President George W. Bush from 2001 - 2009 .
He has been a critic of President Obama 's administration since leaving the vice president 's office in January 2009 .
Cheney has accused the Obama administration of failing to treat the fight against terrorists as war .
As proof , he has cited the decisions to give 9/11 - mastermind suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed a civilian trial ; to give the failed Christmas Day airline bomber the privileges of the U.S. criminal justice system and to shut the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Cheney also served in various positions in the administrations of Presidents Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush .
CNN 's John King contributed to this report .
Twice a year , the chairmen and chief executives of Europe 's biggest banks gather in secret for a chinwag about matters of collective interest .
They meet under the auspices of a hush - hush club formed after World War II , whose operations are so mysterious that even the grandees who attend it seem unclear what it 's really called .
One bank supremo told me its name was the Instituts d'Etudes Financieres or some such ; another that it went by the moniker IIEB .
Either way , what I can tell you is that it attracts a pretty high calibre of banker - and that its last meeting was just a few weeks ago at the plush London hotel , Claridges , where the main item on the agenda was the topical question of bankers ' bonuses .
Present were - inter alia - Stephen Green of HSBC , Philip Hampton of RBS , Marcus Agius of Barclays and David Mayhew of JP Morgan Cazenove , and their counterparts from Germany , Italy , France and so on , including the grands fromages from Soc Gen and BNP Paribas .
Now , let 's be clear : the idea that banks would ever collude to solve a mutual problem would be an outrageous and unwarranted slur .
Collusive tendencies may have been in bankers '
DNA two decades ago , but these days ( who can doubt ? ) it 's all about compete or die .
That said , they would dearly love a collective agreement to cease hostilities on bankers ' pay , because they know there is a one - to - one correlation between each million pound bonus they pay and damage to their reputations .
But although they explored whether they could reach an entente on capping bankers ' pay , they abandoned the ambition as a hopeless cause .
Why ?
Because they can't get the Americans into the room .
This is what the head honcho of one giant bank said to me :
" The Americans will never agree to put a limit on bonuses .
They regard it as a fundamental right to pay as much as they like .
And if we cap our pay here in Europe , while they operate in the free market , well we 'll all be dead . "
Funnily enough , I heard a very similar lament from a senior member of the government the other day , who told me that the great failure of the recent G20 meetings of the world 's most powerful governments is that they did n't agree a moratorium of at least a year on all bonus payments by banks .
As he said , there 's a very strong intellectual case for saying no bank should pay a bonus for 2009 , which is that :
a ) none of them would be alive today in the absence of that $ 15 trillion bailout I 've been boring on about , and
b ) a vast proportion of their 2009 profits stem from the exceptional measures taken by governments and central banks to minimise the impact of a recession precipitated ( in part ) by banks ' greed - fuelled recklessness .
So surely world leaders could have won a good deal of popular support , while not committing a heresy on the religion of capitalism , by simply instructing their banks that all their more senior employees would have to rub along on their six figure salaries for a year , with no bonuses paid .
Why did n't this happen ?
" The Americans would never sign up " , says my well - placed informant .
Which is a bit odd , because in the US right now " Goldman Sachs " is a byword for qualities ( in the public mind at least ) that most of us would rather not have .
One consequence of this failure to put in place an official bonus hiatus is that our chancellor of the exchequer finds himself in the hideous position of having to either approve Royal Bank 's planned bonuses of between £ 1.5 bn and £ 2bn , or veto them and risk seeing the RBS board announce a collective intention to resign ( see my note of yesterday ) .
So what is the going rate for RBS 's top profit generators ?
Well last year , when the bonus pool was £ 900 m for the investment bank , several hundred of its executives earned more than a million pounds each .
At the top end , an RBS currency trader in New York ( at its Greenwich subsidiary ) took home $ 20 m and a commodity trader ( in a joint venture that 's now being sold ) was paid $ 40 m .
The past year has been a bumper one for forex and government bonds , which are the areas where RBS is particularly strong .
So quite a number of its top traders will be expecting $ 10 m plus .
And let 's not kid ourselves that RBS would be paying this out of some act of charity .
It in fact would argue that it does n't pay top dollar .
Here is what many bankers have told me that they regard as extraordinary : it was Alistair Darling 's choice to become the grand arbiter of how many forex traders can take home a seven - figure wedge ( does he wear a hair shirt , as well ? ) .
Even though the state ( that 's us ) owns 70 % of RBS ( rising to 84.4 % , in an economic sense ) , the chancellor did n't have to take direct responsibility for what the bank pays out in bonuses .
He could have maintained the not - quite fiction - or what he has argued for a good year - that RBS is an independent commercial entity , and the Treasury is more - or - less just another shareholder among many ( albeit a humungous shareholder ) .
Or to put it another way , he could have said what is actually true in company law and the stock exchange listing agreement , that bonuses are a matter for RBS 's board .
But presumably he did n't think that would wash with voters , even if it 's actually true .
So he insisted , when agreeing to recapitalise RBS ( yet again ) through the Asset Protection Scheme , that he would take a formal new power to authorise the total amount of bonuses paid and also the form of the bonus payments .
Form will be less problematic : RBS has already agreed , under pressure from the Financial Services Authority , that most of the payments will be in shares and that recipients will not be able to get their mits on all the shares till a number of years have elapsed .
But size of the so - called bonus " pool " will not be uncontentious .
As I mentioned yesterday , Royal Bank has told Alistair Darling that it would intend to pay about 50 % more in bonuses than last year in its investment bank , or between £ 1.5 bn and £ 2bn in bonuses for the bank as a whole .
And its reasoning is simple : considerably more than that , it believes , would be wiped from the value of the organisation in a permanent sense , if it were not tot pay competitively and if its top profit - generators were to desert to competitors .
Which is why the directors received unambiguous legal advice that if they were prevented by the chancellor from fulfilling their duty ( their fiduciary duty ) by providing the rewards commensurate with preserving the wealth of the shareholders , they would have to quit .
It is clear that earlier this year , the Treasury accepted the argument that RBS had to pay the going rate .
When RBS announced in February that it had reached agreement on its approach to pay and rewards for 2008 - 9 , a press release from the bank also said that the government had conceded that the bank would pay " competitively with other international banks " for the current year .
What is unclear is what status that agreement now has , in the light of the chancellor 's new power to approve or veto bonuses .
Arguably , it may limit his ability to block payments he deems excessive .
To state the obvious , it is a mess , and surely only the hardest hearted would fail to feel a scintilla of sympathy for the chancellor , in this nightmarish predicament of his own making , should he sanction the twenty million dollar payments , or muller the bank ?
What a choice .
Update 16:20 : Just in case anyone doubts Royal Bank of Scotland 's contention that pay is a highly competitive issue for all banks , Barclays is proving its rival 's point - by whacking up the non-variable element of the remuneration of staff at Barclays Capital , its investment bank .
This will lead to pay increases of around £ 75,000 per year for large numbers of its executives , according to sources - who do n't shy away from the notion that some staff will receive 50 % pay rises
What 's more , the pay rise is back - dated to earlier this year , so will generate a tidy cash lump for thousands of employees - which is handy given that cash bonuses at all banks ( as opposed to bonuses paid in shares ) have been squished as a result of the international agreement reached by G20 governments earlier this autumn .
Barclays ' line is that it has to do this , because its rivals have already increased the base salary of their executives and therefore Barcap was finding it difficult to attract or retain staff .
What 's more , Barclays claims that by pushing up salaries it is only doing what G20 governments have asked it to do , by shifting the weight of pay from the variable portion ( called bonuses in normal language ) to fixed .
Mind you , I do n't suppose ministers would have wept if Barclays had achieved the same outcome by slashing bonuses rather than hiking up fixed pay .
Presumably Barclays has not timed this pay rise to lend weight to Royal Bank 's argument with the Treasury that it has to pay whopping bonuses to maintain the viability of its investment bank .
That said , Royal Bank 's directors may well be sending their oppos at Barclays some super - duper Christmas hampers .
The goal of Terminator is to produce a useful tool for arranging terminals .
It is inspired by programs such as gnome - multi-term , quadkonsole , etc. in that the main focus is arranging terminals in grids ( tabs is the most common default method , which Terminator also supports ) .
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:gnome - terminator / ppa
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get install terminator
Update :
Terminator 0.90 is a complete re-write of the original code .
The most important new feature is that now you are able to save layouts , however this does n't seem to work for me .
To see the new Terminator 0.90 for yourself , all you have to do is paste this in a terminal ( Ubuntu 9.10 and 10.04 only ) : I just hope there will be an exception and Terminator 0.90 will be in the Lucid official repositories .
If you 're not using Ubuntu , you can download Terminator 0.90 source files from HERE Terminator 0.91 was released just one day after 0.90 to fix some nasty bugs in the initial release .
With four decades of service to the Long Island community , our law firm of Russo & Pedranghelu has handled thousands of cases , which include : Drunk Driving | Drug Crimes | Traffic Violations | White Collar Crimes | Elder Law | Domestic Violence | Burglary , Theft & Robbery | Assault & Battery | Vehicular Homicide
Russo & Pedranghelu serves clients across Hicksville , Freeport , Hempstead , Garden City , Mineola , Nassau County , Melville , Amityville , Suffolk County , Long Island , New York .
Contact Russo & Pedranghelu - Long Island Personal Injury Attorneys / Criminal Defense Lawyers
Details
Hello ,
after installing openssh 5.4p1
I noticed my public key no longer works .
I switched the LogLevel to DEBUG and found the following :
debug1 : trying public key file //.ssh/authorized_keys
...
Failed publickey for anrxc from 127.0.0.1 port 43457 ssh2
The default sshd_config file has the setting :
# AuthorizedKeysFile .ssh/authorized_keys
( my own has it uncommented )
The sshd_config manual page says the default is :
.ssh/authorized_keys
But it seems that in 5.4 it is no longer relative to the user home and I had to change it to :
AuthorizedKeysFile %h/.ssh/authorized_keys
I see the arch PKGBUILD modifies some settings in the sshd_config file .
Maybe this one should be changed too , I leave that for your consideration - note that _I_ found no documentation related to this change .
Pakistani spectators watch the Shaheen II long - range missile , capable of carrying a nuclear warhead on its launcher , during the National Day parade in Islamabad on March 23 , 2005 .
Farooq Naeem / AFP / Getty Images
The U.S. Navy has its own name for the " seizure , theft or loss of a nuclear weapon or component " -- it 's called a " Broken Arrow . "
( Anyone who 's seen the 1996 John Woo movie " Broken Arrow , " starring John Travolta , might already know this . )
You might notice that the Navy 's definition mentions both a nuclear weapon and a component of a nuclear weapon .
Why is it important enough to draw a distinction between the parts of a bomb and the whole ?
It 's possible that someone could steal an entire nuclear bomb , but not very likely .
As you can see in this article , intact nuclear weapons are n't something you just shove into your pocket or roll down the street .
They 're big and easily recognizable , so security at a nuclear arms stockpile would have to be extremely foolish and lax to let a bomb through .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The more likely scenario would involve a person or several persons stealing the different parts necessary for a bomb and putting them together to make a functional device .
With the right information and materials , bombs of varying effectiveness can be built .
A recent security breach in November 2006 at the Los Alamos National Laboratory , for instance , has officials worried that an employee passed on information concerning special access controls that would detonate a bomb .
It 's not a whole device , but it's an important piece of the puzzle [ source : CBS News ] .
The most important element a terrorist would need would be the main ingredient to a nuclear bomb : highly enriched uranium ( HEU ) or plutonium ( or both ) .
Like an intact nuclear bomb , however , these two substances are n't something you can just shoplift .
Neither HEU nor plutonium exists naturally in nature , and they 're very expensive and difficult to produce .
However , both the United States and Russia have held onto enormous amounts of plutonium from dismantled atomic weapons , and both countries have " excess " amounts of HEU .
These massive amounts of nuclear material are used or planned for use in nuclear power plants or research centers , making the risk of stolen information or material greater if proper security is n't enforced .
" " U.S. soldiers stand guard over a shipment of uranium as it's unloaded at Forth Smith in Canada .
Hulton Archive / Getty Images
In order to get an amount of plutonium or uranium to a supercritical mass -- the point at which the material is compressed enough to create an uncontrolled nuclear reaction -- a certain amount of conventional explosives like TNT is needed .
Acquiring TNT and its detonation device would probably be the easiest part of building a nuclear bomb .
Building or manufacturing a metal case for the bomb 's insides would be the last major basic step .
Although on some level it 's possible for all of these steps and many more complicated ones to fall through , someone with the intent to acquire a bomb or parts of a bomb would need to be extremely powerful , knowledgeable and skilled to pull off such a stunt .
It would also be impossible to do alone , as a team of technicians would be necessary for putting everything together .
They may make it look easy in the movies , but in reality , ­ it 's much more difficult ( and not something we recommend trying ) .
For more on security and the alternatives to a complete nuclear bomb , read the next page .
OK , first let 's just remind ourselves that Doctor Who is a kids ' show , and that overanalysing it would be very silly indeed .
However , this collection of David Tennant 's final four ­adventures has ambitions to give the character more depth .
Watching them back - to - back reveals the arc Russell T Davies , in his last stint as head writer and executive producer , was aiming at – one in which the Doctor becomes ­increasingly withdrawn and angst - ­ridden as his regeneration looms .
Having jettisoned his assistant , Donna , at the end of the last proper ­series , Tennant 's Doctor is essentially taking a supremely confident lap of honour : he 's so comfortable in the role , he could probably get away with standing alone in the Tardis reading out the phonebook .
Davies is also at the top of his writing game , and each adventure is a rock - solid Doctor Who yarn .
If you know somebody who has n't got the bug yet , this would be the perfect place for them to start .
The opener , The Next Doctor , exemplifies just how right they 're getting it .
It 's a perfect amalgam of snappy drama , effortless comedy and great production values .
The Doctor pops up in 1851 London where he bumps into Dervla Kirwan , playing a creepy proto - feminist who 's using the cybermen to advance her cause .
Visually , it 's ­glorious : the ­terrifying climactic scene , in which a steam - driven ­cyberman the size of Big Ben rampages through the city , is something that ­today 's eight - year - olds will one day be showing their own kids .
The collection hardly drops the ball , although the climax of the final episode – the one shown on New Year 's Day , in which the Doctor revisits all his former companions – may be a tad self - ­indulgent .
But it reminds you just how great the show has been for the last four years , and just what a tall order Matt Smith has as the new Doctor .
As Davies would no doubt tell you , sometimes there 's nothing wrong with embracing your inner kiddy .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Arctic seabed stores of methane are now destabilizing and venting vast stores of frozen methane — a greenhouse gas 30 times more potent than carbon dioxide .
The paper , in the prestigious journal Science , reports the permafrost under the East Siberian Arctic Shelf — long thought to be an impermeable barrier sealing in methane — is instead perforated and leaking large amounts of methane into the atmosphere .
Melting of even a fraction of the clathrates stored in that shelf could trigger abrupt climate warming .
Lead author Natalia Shakhova Shakhova of the International Arctic Research Center tells U of Alaska Fairbanks :
“ The amount of methane currently coming out of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf is comparable to the amount coming out of the entire world ’s oceans .
Subsea permafrost is losing its ability to be an impermeable cap . ”
The East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is a methane - rich area encompassing more than three - quarter million square miles of seafloor in the Arctic Ocean — three times larger than the nearby Siberian wetlands formerly considered the primary Northern Hemisphere source of atmospheric methane .
Shakhova ’s research shows the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf is already emitting 7 teragrams ( 1 teragram = 1.1 million tons ) of methane yearly , about as much as the all the oceans of the world .
“ Our concern is that the subsea permafrost has been showing signs of destabilization already , ” says Shakhova .
“ If it further destabilizes , the methane emissions may not be teragrams , it would be significantly larger . ”
From 2003 through 2008 the researchers took annual research cruises on the shelf , sampling seawater at various depths , and sampling the air above the ocean .
Their findings :
More than 80 percent of the deep water and greater than half of surface water had methane levels more than eight times that of normal seawater .
In some areas , the saturation levels reached at least 250 times that of background levels in the summer and 1,400 times higher in the winter .
In the air directly above the ocean surface , methane levels were elevated overall and the seascape was dotted with more than 100 hotspots .
( This , combined with results from a winter expedition , showed the methane is not only being dissolved in the water but also bubbling out into the atmosphere as well . )
Methane levels throughout the Arctic are usually 8 to 10 percent higher than the global baseline , yet those registered over the East Siberian Arctic
Shelf rose another 5 to 10 percent higher than that .
In the shallow waters of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf , methane does n’t have enough time to oxidize , and more of it rises to the surface and escapes into the atmosphere .
That fact , combined with the sheer amount of methane in the region , adds an extreme volatility to this uncalculated variable in the climate models .
Much like the foosball table was the harbinger of doom during the dot.com era , the storage unit foreshadows the danger lurking on the other side of those macrame plant holders .
Now give me a minute of time and I think you ’ll come around to my way of thinking here .
I ’ll also play the “ that was the way I used to be ” card so that I can make fun of storage unit lessee ’s without fear of reproach .
At least that ’s how I ’m justifying it .
How a Storage Unit Defines
You as a Person
What does it say about you that you will pay someone 50 , 100 or even 250 dollars for the privilege of storing your crap .
In fact the amount of storage space in the United States is in the billions of square feet .
That ’s a staggering number all leading to the same conclusion .
We are hiding our problems .
Yeah that ’s right .
I do n’t want to deal with the emotional baggage of dealing with crazy Uncle Ivan ’s estate so I ’ll shove it in a storage unit .
I ca n’t possibly scale down my beanie baby collection so I ’ll get a storage unit to preserve them .
Oh no I ca n’t part with my collection of civil war chess sets those will be worth millions some day .
No they wo n’t .
They ’ll sit there for ever , sucking money from your checking account every month and will be your kids problem someday .
This behavior can very easily transition into your personal finances .
The Next Step ? A Home Equity Loan
The Home Equity Loan or the more insidious debt consolidation loan are the storage units of the finance world .
I ca n’t deal with all of these various credit cards that I opened and used so I ’ll lump them all into this home equity loan which is much more manageable .
My crap is safely encapsulated in one monthly payment to be forgotten in a few months as it ’s automatically debited from your checking account .
Give it a year and you ’ll never remember why you have a $ 35,000 loan in the first place .
It ’s now part of your “ housing . ”
Better yet , now that you have that taken care of all your credit card balances are reset and you can start over in an infinite cycle .
Decrapify your Life
It ’s time to put some labels on things figuratively and literally in the case of a storage unit .
Take a moment and think about what lives in your storage unit or your home equity loan .
Think about the cost of maintaining that “ stuff . ”
Then get angry and get rid of it .
Craigslist , donation , your friends and family are all good recipients of your excess junk .
In the case of your second mortgage or loans , attack them with reckless abandon and move on .
But I Need Somewhere to Move My Stuff While I ’m Overseas
I ’m not applying a global statement here , I ’m trying to make a point .
There are legitimate uses for storage units no doubt .
People need a place to put their stuff when the move , or change jobs , or have short term assignments , I get it .
But I ’ll wager the overwhelming majority of storage units are filled with the stuff of broken dreams and promises .
What Was in My Storage Unit
As I stated I ’m guilty of both transgressions .
I have had multiple storage units and several second mortgages .
My current second mortgage contains many refinance fees and a whole bunch of consolidation that I can’t even begin to identify .
It would require a full time forensic accountant to reverse engineer that train wreck .
But to prove my own point here is some of the stuff I ’ve had in a storage unit .
A 4×8 Sheet of Plywood with a half built N gauge model train layout
2 broken office chairs
A mint condition complete set of Topp ’s Hockey cards from 1999
Easter baskets
24 boxes of Christmas decorations
A weight bench
Several couches
2 boxes containing the unfiltered contents of multiple junk drawers
10 Hockey Sticks
Skis
An Inflatable Raft
Approximately 8 backpacks
A motorcycle
2 House Refinances
A patio
No Clog Gutters
Most of the restoration of a 1972 Chevelle
I ’m as guilty as the next person and this does n’t even begin to touch the crap I ’ve stored .
That reminds me I ’ve got some stuff to sell .
What are you hiding in storage ?
Photo courtesy byebyeempire
No , you ’re the morbid one for reading it .
So there .
Obesity ' often set before age of two '
More than a quarter of children in Britain are overweight The " tipping point " that sets children on the way to a lifetime of obesity often occurs before the age of two , say US researchers .
A study of more than 100 obese children and teenagers found more than half were overweight by 24 months and 90 % were overweight by the age of five .
A quarter were overweight before they were five months old , the researchers reported in Clinical Pediatrics .
In the UK , around 27 % of children are now overweight .
The children in the study - who had an average age of 12 - were all overweight or obese by the age of 10 .
Getting parents and children to change habits that have already taken hold is a monumental challenge fraught with road - blocks and disappointments
Dr John Harrington , study leader Although the reason for rapid weight gain in early life is not well understood , contributing factors are likely to be poor diet , early introduction of solid food , and not getting enough exercise , the researchers said .
Eating behaviour
They added that food preferences may be set by the age of two , so changing a child 's eating behaviour at a later stage may be difficult .
Study leader Dr John Harrington , an assistant professor at Eastern Virginia Medical School , said the results should be a " wake - up call for doctors " .
He went on : " Too often , doctors wait until medical complications arise before they begin treatment .
" Getting parents and children to change habits that have already taken hold is a monumental challenge fraught with road - blocks and disappointments .
" This study indicates that we may need to discuss inappropriate weight gain early in infancy to effect meaningful changes in the current trend of obesity . "
A Department of Health spokesman said : " What happens in the first years of a baby 's life has a big effect on how healthy they are in the future .
" Despite recent encouraging statistics which show that childhood obesity may be levelling off , obesity levels are still too high and it is important we keep the momentum going . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rich Dog , Poor Dog
View a slideshow about a dog ’s life in China
Two years ago , while visiting Changsha , the dusty provincial capital of China ’s Hunan province , I decided to take a walk into the crowded lanes and alleys behind my hotel .
I ’d been in countless lower - middle - class Chinese neighborhoods like this one , and the sounds were happily familiar to me : the sizzle of frying food , the clanking bells of bicycle vendors , and the loudly insistent voices of the province ’s famously temperamental residents .
But a few minutes into my walk , I heard something unfamiliar and alarming : the howl of an animal — a dog , I thought — in pain .
Curious , I followed the sound around one corner , and then another , until I came across a sight whose painful memory I ’ve never been able to shake : A medium - sized mutt hung by its rear legs from a rope , while two shirtless young men beat it to death with clubs .
At their feet , the pulverized remains of additional dead dogs were sprawled like bags of water .
Instinctively , I reached for the camera that I carry with me when traveling .
But just as I was about to shoot , one of the two men noticed me — a white foreigner — and pointed his club in my direction .
He was clearly aware that my interest was disapproving , and I had no interest in pressing the issue .
Residents of Changsha have been eating dog for centuries , and ethical questions like whether beating is an acceptable means of slaughter have rarely come to the fore ( some aficionados claim that the method ensures more flavorful meat ) .
But due in part to a recently introduced draft law on animal cruelty ( China ’s first ) , that situation is changing .
The proposed law , first circulated last fall , could subject individuals who sell or eat cat and dog meat to U.S. $ 725 in fines ( $ 7,250 for institutions ) , up to 15 days in jail , and required statements of repentance .
Now the Chinese media and the country ’s raucous Internet discussion boards are in the throes of something akin to a clash in America ’s culture wars , with attitudes toward the proposed legislation dividing Chinese by regional and socioeconomic lines .
In China , where cuisine is often an issue of identity and rural and urban populations are deeply sensitive to mutual perceptions and misperceptions , the proposed legislation has a symbolic resonance that few other recent social issues have shared .
It ’s a wedge issue , China - style .
According to a study done by the College of Veterinary Medicine at the China Agricultural University , pet ownership expands rapidly when per capita annual GDP reaches $ 3,000 .
This benchmark was reached years ago in Shanghai , Beijing , and other first - tier Chinese cities , and sure enough , pet ownership has expanded rapidly there .
In Beijing , for example , dog ownership expanded from 100,000 pets to 1.5 million between 2001 and 2007 ; not coincidentally , during the same period , Beijing ’s pet stores increased from fewer than 20 to more than 500 .
Meanwhile , trade shows devoted to the pet industry have spread rapidly across China , and — based on my visit to a 2005 show in Guangzhou — the attendees are mostly Chinese interested in marketing chew toys to the urban middle class .
Although not all of China ’s pet owners can be judged as wealthy , one would be hard - pressed to think otherwise during a walk through Xujiahui Park , a sprawling maze of paths on the southern edge of Shanghai ’s French Concession , favored by Shanghai ’s elite — and their dogs .
During winter months , the pedigrees of these pampered pooches — each requiring a $ 291 license , roughly 39 percent of per capita rural income in 2009 — is evident not only in their shiny coats , but also in the custom - cut clothes in which some of their owners insist upon dressing them .
In recent weeks alone , I ’ve seen a poodle in silk slippers and a schnauzer in a fur - lined blue silk coat complete with a mandarin collar .
When Beijing authorities pulled dog from restaurant menus in advance of the 2008 Olympics , it was the cosmopolitan sensibilities of this demographic ( and their sensitivity to foreign perceptions of Chinese culinary traditions ) that drove the decision .
And when , in the early summer of 2009 , reports began to circulate that 37,000 dogs had been beaten to death in an anti-rabies campaign in rural Shaanxi province , it was this pet - owning demographic that objected most vociferously , especially online .
The animal - cruelty law , drafted by Chang Jiwen , a researcher at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing , was in part a direct reaction to this incident .
Famously , pet ownership had been outlawed as a bourgeois affectation during the Cultural Revolution , and though that prohibition is now history , the legacy of the prohibition remains strong outside China ’s more cosmopolitan quarters , where income , agricultural lifestyles , and culinary tastes have much in common with pre-boom China .
Indeed , as incomes rise in China ’s wealthiest cities , those in rural China remain relatively stagnant , creating the oft - mentioned Chinese income gap .
In 2009 , for example , per capita income among China ’s urban residents was 3.34 times that of its rural residents , or $ 2,515 and $ 754 , respectively .
This income gap is also a social gap , expressed in differing access to education , social services , and even political rights , and the resulting cultural gap creates contempt and resentment .
In Shanghai and other wealthy cities , few comedic tropes are quite so popular as the bumpkin come to the big city ; in rural China , few figures are quite so loathed as the Shanghai sophisticate who looks down upon their long - held traditions .
Animal protection is the perfect proxy for these tensions .
In simple terms , it pits rural , traditional Chinese against the young cultural firmament .
But regionalism is only one component of the disagreements .
On New Year ’s Day , I was awakened by the pained cries of a goose being slaughtered in the hallway of my Shanghai apartment building by the children of my elderly neighbors .
When I mentioned that , perhaps , the hallway was a less - than - ideal place for this grisly act , I was told pointedly that “ foreigners should keep out of our traditions . ”
But it was n’t just me :
Many of my neighbors , mostly younger and more educated than the goose eaters , were just as irritated , if not distraught , by these dinner preparations .
Class tensions worry Beijing .
Although there ’s no chance that pet ownership and animal cruelty could cause insurrection ( though it has been the cause of protest in the past , including a raucous 2006 picket at a Beijing zoo ) , there ’s also little chance that leaders are going to allow passage of a largely symbolic , mostly unenforceable act that implicitly pits those who can afford a Shanghai dog license against those who ca n’t and wo n’t .
Until that gap is bridgeable , China ’s stray dogs would best be advised to keep their tails down
ELMONT , N.Y. —
When a police officer in this Long Island suburb found a marijuana cigarette in Jerry Lemaine ’s pocket one night in January 2007 , a Legal Aid lawyer counseled him to plead guilty .
Under state statutes , the penalty was only a $ 100 fine , and though Mr. Lemaine had been caught with a small amount of marijuana years earlier as a teenager , that case had been dismissed .
But Mr. Lemaine , a legal permanent resident , soon discovered that his quick guilty plea had dire consequences .
Immigration authorities flew him in shackles to Texas , where he spent three years behind bars , including 10 months in solitary confinement , as he fought deportation to Haiti , the country he had left at age 3 .
Under federal rulings that prevailed in Texas , Mr. Lemaine had lost the legal opportunity that rulings in New York would have allowed : to have an immigration judge weigh his offenses , including earlier misdemeanors resolved without jail time , against other aspects of his life , like his nursing studies at Hunter Business School ; his care for his little sister , a United States citizen with a brain disorder ; and the help he gave his divorced mother , who had worked double shifts to move the family out of a dangerous Brooklyn neighborhood .
Now Mr. Lemaine , 28 , is among thousands of noncitizens whose fate may hinge on a case to be argued on Wednesday before the United States Supreme Court , in a challenge to the way the government interprets immigration laws about drug - related convictions .
The government maintains that for deportation purposes , two convictions for drug possession add up to the equivalent of drug trafficking , an “ aggravated felony ” that requires expulsion and prohibits immigration courts from granting exceptions based on individual life circumstances .
NASA Stardust logo .
Image credit : NASA / JPL
Just three days shy of one year before its planned flyby of comet Tempel 1 , NASA 's Stardust spacecraft has successfully performed a maneuver to adjust the time of its encounter by eight hours and 20 minutes .
The delay maximizes the probability of the spacecraft capturing high - resolution images of the desired surface features of the 2.99 - kilometer - wide ( 1.86 mile ) potato - shaped mass of ice and dust .
With the spacecraft on the opposite side of the solar system and beyond the orbit of Mars , the trajectory correction maneuver began at 5:21 p.m. EST ( 2:21 p.m. PST ) on Feb. 17 .
Stardust 's rockets fired for 22 minutes and 53 seconds , changing the spacecraft 's speed by 24 meters per second ( 54 miles per hour ) .
Stardust 's maneuver placed the spacecraft on a course to fly by the comet just before 8:42 p.m. PST ( 11:42 p.m. EST ) on Feb.
14 , 2011 - Valentine 's Day .
Time of closest approach to Tempel 1 is important because the comet rotates , allowing different regions of the comet to be illuminated by the sun 's rays at different times .
Mission scientists want to maximize the probability that areas of interest previously imaged by NASA 's Deep Impact mission in 2005 will also be bathed in the sun 's rays and visible to Stardust 's camera when it passes by .
" We could not have asked for a better result from a burn with even a brand - new spacecraft , " said Tim Larson , project manager for the Stardust - NExT at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
" This bird has already logged one comet flyby , one Earth return of the first samples ever collected from deep space , over 4,000 days of flight and approximately 5.4 billion kilometers ( 3.4 billion miles ) since launch . "
Launched on Feb. 7 , 1999 , Stardust became the first spacecraft in history to collect samples from a comet and return them to Earth for study .
While its sample return capsule parachuted to Earth in January 2006 , mission controllers were placing the still viable spacecraft on a trajectory that would allow NASA the opportunity to re-use the already - proven flight system if a target of opportunity presented itself .
In January 2007 , NASA re-christened the mission " Stardust - NExT " ( New Exploration of Tempel ) , and the Stardust team began a four - and - a - half year journey to comet Tempel 1 .
This will be humanity 's second exploration of the comet - and the first time a comet has been " re-visited . "
" Stardust - NExT will provide scientists the first opportunity to see the surface changes on a comet between successive visits into the inner solar system , " said Joe Veverka , principal investigator of Stardust - NExT from Cornell University , Ithaca , N.Y .
" We have theories galore on how each close pass to the sun causes changes to a comet .
Stardust - NExT should give some teeth to some of these theories , and take a bite out of others . "
Along with the high - resolution images of the comet 's surface , Stardust - NExT will also measure the composition , size distribution , and flux of dust emitted into the coma , and provide important new information on how Jupiter family comets evolve and how they formed 4.6 billion years ago .
Stardust - NExT is a low - cost mission that will expand the investigation of comet Tempel 1 initiated by NASA 's Deep Impact spacecraft .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages Stardust - NExT for the NASA Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. Joe Veverka of Cornell University is the mission 's principal investigator .
Lockheed Martin Space Systems , Denver Colo. , built the spacecraft and manages day - to - day mission operations .
Explore further Stardust Logs A Decade Under The Stars
More information :
For more information about Stardust - NExT , please visit :
For more information about Stardust - NExT , please visit : stardustnext.jpl.nasa.gov
If you 're a sports fan , or an Olympics fan , chances are you were doing the same thing yesterday afternoon as President Obama : watching the gold medal hockey game between the U.S. and Canada , with the favored Canadians prevailing 3 - 2 in sudden death overtime .
" Wow -- unreal game , " tweeted White House spokesman Robert Gibbs shortly after Sidney Crosby slapped in the winning goal for Canada .
" POTUS watched OT in his office right off the Oval Office -- all of us are so proud of our great team . "
Indeed , the U.S. -- which had upset Canada earlier in the Olympic tournament -- again played well in seeking ( unsuccessfully ) to deprive the host team of a gold medal in its national game .
The loss is a little more painful for Gibbs than Obama , both of whom wagered on the contest .
The president only has to ship a case of Molson beer to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
( Do n't know if it will be Molson Golden or , The Oval 's favorite , Molson XXX . )
Gibbs -- who went double or nothing with Harper 's spokesman after the U.S. women 's hockey team lost to Canada -- has to wear a Canadian hockey jersey on camera .
Do n't know if he will go with the red jersey or white .
( Posted by David Jackson )
An endangered gorilla has delighted her keepers by showing off her newborn son at Sydney 's Taronga Zoo .
The baby was born on Saturday to endangered African western lowland gorillas , proud mum Frala and silverback father Kibabu .
He is the first gorilla offspring born at the zoo in two years .
Zoo visitors are starting to catch glimpses of the new arrival , who clings to his mother 's belly as she moves around the zoo 's gorilla habitat .
“ Is surgery a possibility ? ” I ask .
She shakes her head .
“ He wo n’t be resuscitated , ” she whispers .
“ The bleeding is too extensive .
His brain stem is affected .
His liver and kidneys have something , too . ”
I show her get - well cards that my sons Max and Isaac have made for her father .
I tell her about the time years ago when Louie gave Max a drawing lesson after another child in the first grade laughed at him and called his drawing scribble - scrabble .
Yet another great thing about Louie .
“ Your dad showed Max how to draw a bunch of squiggly lines until they looked just like a coyote baying at the moon , ” I say .
“ Then he showed him how to shade it so that the coyote cast a shadow on the ground .
Now , Max draws his own comic strip characters .
He drew some on the get - well card . ”
“ My dad ’s great at drawing , ” she says , smiling .
“ He ’s great at everything .
If you give him two matchsticks , he can build whatever he wants . ”
It feels intrusive getting this glimpse into Louie ’s personal life , when I ’m so used to it being the other way around .
Louie always knew who came and went .
He even knew when I returned from chemotherapy every other Tuesday three years ago , offering his usual smile and a kind word .
A natural pessimist , I was still persuaded when he would say , “ It ’ll be fine , you ’ll see . ”
I want so much to be able to say the same thing to him now .
I ’m beginning to realize how little I know about him .
I think he ’s in his late 50s , that he hails from Puerto Rico and now lives in the Bronx , that he has a girlfriend whom he met when she worked in our building as a nanny .
I know that he loves his daughters and grandchildren , and they love him .
All the children love him , especially the two little girls who live on the first floor and like to call him the Grouch while he teases them and makes them giggle .
I watch as the rest of his family comes into the room — three generations , including a tiny infant .
It ’s time to give them their space .
I walk red-eyed to the subway station .
A young man in his 20s leapt to his death tonight from the observation deck of the Empire State Building .
According to the Daily News , he took a running leap at 6:15 p.m. from the 86th floor , " clearing a fence and then the building 's outermost ledge . "
He landed on the 34th Street sidewalk during rush hour , and an onlooker told the paper , " He came down in front of the Bank of America .
Boom !
It was an explosion .
His body was shattered ... one guy ran over and covered the body with an umbrella . "
Police believe he was successful because there were n't many visitors due to the weather , reports the Post .
While the AP reports the most recent suicide at the building was in 2006 , a man jumped from the 69th floor in 2007 and a woman jumped to her death from the 39th floor just last year .
A little dark history : the first person ( of over 30 ) to commit suicide by jumping from the building was a construction worker who was , at the time , helping build it — he had just been laid off .
Another was 23 - year - old Evelyn McHale , whose 1947 plunge resulted in the World 's Most Beautiful Suicide .
Getting plugged into a community should be a high priority for a new designer and one of the best tools for design networking is Twitter .
See my recommendations for designers to follow on Twitter and a few tips to get you started .
Over the next week or so I ’ll be releasing a few posts aimed to help those just getting started in the design / blogging world to give some suggestions on getting plugged in with the fantastic design community .
This first post takes aim at one of the most important tools for community connection – Twitter .
If you ’re a designer and you do n’t have a twitter account , you need to stop reading this and go grab one .¬†
Twitter offers so much , I do n’t even know where to begin .
I use Twitter on a daily basis to connect , share , and grow with the design community .
I find countless amazing articles because of recommendations from others tweets .
I share my own insights on design and gain valuable feedback from others I respect , even if I ’ve never met them in person .
Twitter is great for asking questions and even better for networking .
So where should you start ?
Start by following some of these great designers listed in this post .
This is not an exclusive list so if you know of others or if I ’ve left you off the list , feel free to add a link in the comments below .
Observe how these designers tweet and do as they do .
Ask questions of them and answer questions of others .
Share articles that would interest your potential readers .
Become an active voice in the Twittersphere and you ’ll start to gain followers of your own .
A couple words of warning before you get started .
Do n’t tweet exclusively about your blog .
While self promotion is great and definitely appropriate , you should limit the amount of talk that ’s directly related to your brand .
The more helpful and open you are on twitter , the more others will start to promote and talk up your brand for you .
So go get started with these designers and if you have any questions , feel free to ask me on Twitter .
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
9 ) Metartarsalgate ( 2002 )
Can a broken metatarsal ever have so worried a nation ?
An Argentinian – of course – Aldo Duscher , looked to have put Beckham out of the World Cup as he hobbled off for Manchester United in April .
But he would not be kept down .
First Beckham recovered ; then , deliciously , England faced Argentina in the World Cup .
England were awarded a penalty and Beckham snubbed Simeone ’s outstretched hand before thumping in the game ’s only goal .
Though England were beaten in the quarter - finals by Brazil , Beckham had had his revengePhotograph : Matthew Ashton / EMPICS Sports Photo Agency
KABUL , Afghanistan -
A suicide bomber wearing a vest laden with explosives was killed by locals Thursday in eastern Afghanistan before he was able to detonate , police said .
The incident occurred in the Muqur district of Afghanistan 's Ghazni province , according to Kheyal Mohammad Sherzai , a police chief in the province .
The suicide attacker was from Pakistan 's Warizistan area , authorities said .
The people who intervened in the incident pelted the man with stones and slashed him with knives and were able to kill the man and give the suicide vest to police .
- Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .
This graph shows the amount spent by the United States on piloted spaceflight from 1959 to 2015 .
It shows the importance of the Apollo program ( $ 100 billion spent over ten years ) and of the Space Shuttle ( $ 200 billion over 40 years ) .
At right , the Space Station program ( $ 70 billion spent in 30 years ) and the Exploration program ( nearly $ 50 billion in 12 years ) .
In all , the US spent $ 486 billion over 57 years , an average of $ 8.3 billion a year .
( All figures in 2010 dollars . )
Costs of US piloted programs
Everybody knows that the Apollo program costs $ 20 billion in 1970s dollars — the equivalent of $ 100 billion in today ’s money .
But that ’s about all most of us know about piloted program costs .
For instance , who knows how much the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station programs cost ?
How much does each Shuttle flight cost ?
How much does it cost to spent a day onboard ISS ?
The US has spent $ 486 billion over 57 years on human spaceflight , an average of $ 8.3 billion a year .
Almost nobody knows because these figures are difficult to calculate .
First , we need to find how much NASA spent each year on these programs , and then add these dollars taking into account inflation .
We could n’t add 1970s dollars to 2000s dollars .
For example , if we simply added Apollo programs fiscal spending during its fifteen - year existence , we obtain $ 20.4 billion .
That ’s the usual program cost reported .
However , doing the same math using constant 1975 dollars give $ 29.3 billion .
And using 2010 dollars give us $ 109 billion .
We thus could say that the Apollo program cost $ 20 billion in then - year dollars , $ 30 billion in 1970s dollars , or $ 110 billion in today ’s money .
How does this compare to the Space Shuttle and ISS programs ?
In this essay , I ’ve calculated the costs of US piloted programs and then make some comparisons .
( All the numbers used for this essay and their sources are available at the “ U.S. Piloted Programs Costs ” page . )
Doing spaceflights in the 1960s and 1970s Before Apollo , there were the Mercury and Gemini programs .
Project Mercury spanned five years ( 1959 –1963 ) and cost $ 277 million in 1965 dollars , which translate into $ 1.6 billion in 2010 dollars .
Since six Mercury piloted missions were flown , that amounted to $ 265 million per flight in today ’s money .
As for Gemini , the program costs $ 1.3 billion in 1967 dollars during its six - year lifespan ( 1962 –1967 ) .
In today ’s money , it would amount to $ 7.3 billion , or $ 723 millions for each of its 10 piloted missions .
We thus could say that a Gemini mission cost twice as much as a Mercury ’s .
As reported above , the Apollo program costs $ 20.4 billion if we simply added yearly spending of its 15 year - lifespan ( 1959 – 1973 ) , or $ 109 billion in today ’s money .
Since 11 Apollo piloted missions were flown , that amounts to $ 9.9 billion per flight .
That ’s way over Mercury and Gemini mission costs , reflecting the complexity of going to the Moon .
And if we consider these $ 109 billion resulted in six lunar landings , each of these missions costs some $ 18 billion !
After Apollo , there was the Skylab space station program , which cost $ 2.2 billion in then - year money ( $ 10 billion in 2010 dollars ) during its nine - year existence ( 1966 –1974 ) .
Considering that three three - men crews spent a total of 510 person - days onboard Skylab , this mean that each day spent by a crewman costs $ 5.5 million .
( We ’ll compare this to living onboard ISS . )
Finally , the first era of the US piloted program ended in 1975 with the Apollo - Soyuz Test Project .
The American portion of this US - Soviet mission costs $ 245 million at the time , or $ 1 billion in today ’s dollars .
The Space Shuttle and Space Station era
The longest and most complex piloted program so far is the Space Shuttle .
Started in 1972 , it will end by 2012 after 41 years .
Adding annual funding over such a long period would total $ 123 billion .
However , the true cost of the Shuttle is $ 198.6 billion in 2010 dollars .
Considering that 134 Shuttle missions are scheduled , it means that each one costs about $ 1.4 billion .
As for the International Space Station , the program began in 1985 and will extend at least until 2015 .
For this thirty - year span , some $ 58.7 billion were budgeted by NASA .
This amounts to $ 72.4 billion in today ’s money .
Each day spent onboard by an ISS crewmember costs about $ 7.5 million , compared to $ 5.5 million for Skylab .
However , this amount does not include 36 Shuttle flights needed to build the station , nor the contribution from the international partners .
Adding 36 flights at $ 1.4 billion each would incur an additional $ 54 billion .
And if we include the international partners ’ contributions ( Russia $ 12 billion , Europe and Japan $ 5 billion each , and Canada $ 2 billion ) the total ISS program cost is about $ 150 billion ( up until 2015 ) .
ISS has been crewed since November 2000 by two- to six - person teams .
From then on to 2015 , we could estimate that the station will be manned by some 20,000 person - days .
Considering its $ 150 - billion price tag , that would mean that each day spent onboard by an ISS crewmember costs about $ 7.5 million ( compared to $ 5.5 million for Skylab . )
All the funds allocated to NASA for piloted programs from 1959 to 2015 adds up to $ 275 billions in then - year dollars , or $ 486 billion in 2010 dollars .
In this review of all major US piloted programs , there is another one that is less known but for which funding is as high as those allocated to the Space Station : the Exploration program .
Tens of billions … and counting !
In January 2004 , President George W. Bush announced that the Space Shuttle program would end by 2010 and unveiled a new goal for the United States : to go back to the Moon in 2020 and then continue to Mars .
Bush said his Vision for Space Exploration ( VSE ) would pay for itself by funding reductions from other programs ( mainly the Shuttle ) and by the expected normal increase in NASA annual budget .
Unfortunately , Bush ’s VSE was not funded properly , and last month President Obama announced its cancellation .
What happened between 2004 and today ?
On the day President Bush announced its plan , NASA published a graph showing the SEI funding strategy : According to this graph , which covers the years 2004 to 2020 , NASA ’s “ Aeronautics and Other Sciences Activities ” ( in gray ) will be funded at about $ 5 billion a year .
The Space Shuttle funding ( red ) will decrease from $ 5 to $ 4 billion a year until 2010 , and all funding will end in 2012 .
As for the International Space Station ( salmon ) , it will be funded at about $ 2 billionsa year .
Accordingly , the Moon / Mars Exploration program ( blue ) will be funded from $ 4 to $ 5 billion in its early years , increasing to $ 10 billion a year at the end of the 2010s .
Since President Bush was re-elected in 2004 , how did his Administration budget the first six years of the Vision for Space Exploration ?
What was the true funding ?
This second graph shows the amount allocated to NASA by the Bush Administration from 2004 to 2010 and the Obama requests for 2011 to 2015 .
It first shows that NASA ’s total budget was at the level planned in 2004 by the Bush Administration .
NASA had not suffered any deep cuts ( as sometime reported ) .
As indicated in both graphs , its budgets started at $ 15 billion in 2004 and are projected to grow to over $ 20 billion by 2015 .
However , the funding budgeted for the Exploration program was well under what had been planned .
From the start , the Bush Administration budgeted less than half of what it had shown in his graph .
And since the Space Shuttle and the Space Station programs were funded at planned levels , the additional funding NASA received during this period were allocated to the Aeronautics and Other Sciences Activities portion of its budget .
The same could be said about the Obama Administration .
So , instead of a flat $ 5 - billion - a - year funding planned , the Aeronautics and Other Science Activities started at $ 8 billion in 2004 , growing to $ 9 billion in 2010 and is scheduled to top $ 11 billion by 2015 .
As for the Exploration Programs ( which included the Constellation lunar program ) , it started at only $ 1.6 billion in 2004 ( half of what the Bush graph shows ) to grew to $ 4 billion in 2010 .
And , although President Obama announced its cancellation , this program will continue to be funded at the $ 4 - billion level until at least 2015 .
This $ 4 - billion - a - year funding is as high of what it is planned for ISS !
For what purpose will this $ 20 billion be spent over the next five years ?
That ’s the question !
Home
So you 've just come into a wad of cash and you 're ready to pay off a big chunk of your credit card bill .
Should you go for the one with the highest balance or highest interest rate first ?
Advertisement
Photo by The Consumerist .
Finance blog Free from Broke examined this tough question from both sides .
On one hand , a high interest - rate card costs you something every month , and compounds what you owe every 30 days .
That 's bad news if you 're carrying a credit card with a 30 % interest rate .
Advertisement
On the other hand , high - balance cards are a drain on your wallet , too .
Even if you have a low interest rate , you might be paying a hefty chunk of cash each month on a big balance .
So what should you do ?
According to the post , it does n't matter a bit which card you pay off as long as you take some sort of action to better your credit score .
Open your wallet .
Grab the first credit card you see .
That 's the one you are paying off !
Pay the minimum on all the rest and pay everything you can into the one credit card you grabbed .
Knock it out !
I 'm telling you it will feel great once that one card has a zero balance !
Then take everything you were paying on that card and apply it to the next card .
Which card next ?
Does n't matter , remember ?
Grab the next card in your wallet .
It may take some time but you will get those cards paid off !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Of course , this is only one take on the best approach to paying off credit cards , and every situation is unique .
While nothing beats talking to a financial advisor face to face to deal with major credit issues , if you 're talking about relatively small balances on a couple of cards , the grab - a - random - card - and - pay - it tack is probably just fine .
What would you do if you had to choose between paying off a credit card with a high balance or one with high interest .
Share your thoughts in the comments .
Advertisement
Pay Off Highest Interest Or Highest Balance Credit Card – Analysis Paralysis [ Free from Broke ]
A few notes from the shop of pickup maker Clint Searcy of Searcy String Works .
HOW to BECOME a GOOD THEORETICAL PHYSICIST
by Gerard 't Hooft
Note :
This web site will soon be removed from its present address .
An updated and renewed version is available at : http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~Gadda001/goodtheorist/index.html
This is a web site for young students - and anyone else - who are ( like me ) thrilled by the challenges posed by real science , and who are - like me - determined to use their brains to discover new things about the physical world that we are living in .
In short , it is for all those who decided to study theoretical physics , in their own time .
It so often happens that I receive mail - well - intended but totally useless - by amateur physicists who believe to have solved the world .
They believe this , only because they understand totally nothing about the real way problems are solved in Modern Physics .
If you really want to contribute to our theoretical understanding of physical laws - and it is an exciting experience if you succeed !
- there are many things you need to know .
First of all , be serious about it .
All necessary science courses are taught at Universities , so , naturally , the first thing you should do is have yourself admitted at a University and absorb everything you can .
But what if you are still young , at School , and before being admitted at a University , you have to endure the childish anecdotes that they call science there ?
What if you are older , and you are not at all looking forward to join those noisy crowds of young students ?
It should be possible , these days , to collect all knowledge you need from the internet .
Problem then is , there is so much junk on the internet .
Is it possible to weed out those very rare pages that may really be of use ?
I know exactly what should be taught to the beginning student .
The names and topics of the absolutely necessary lecture courses are easy to list , and this is what I have done below .
It is my intention to search on the web where the really useful papers and books are , preferably downloadable as well .
This way , the costs of becoming a theoretical physicist should not exceed much the price of a computer with internet connection , a printer , and lots of paper and pens .
Unfortunately , I still have to recommend to buy text books as well , but it is harder to advise you here ; perhaps in a future site .
Let 's first limit ourselves to the absolute minimum .
The subjects listed below must be studied .
Any omission will be punished : failure .
Do get me right : you do n't have to believe anything you read on faith - check it .
Try alternative approaches , as many as you can .
You will discover , time and again , that really what those guys did indeed was the smartest thing possible .
Amazing .
the best of the texts come with exercises .
Do them .
find out that you can understand everything .
Try to reach the stage that you discover the numerous misprints , tiny mistakes as well as more important errors , and imagine how you would write those texts in a smarter way .
I can tell you of my own experiences .
I had the extreme luck of having excellent teachers around me .
That helps one from running astray .
It helped me all the way to earn a Nobel Prize .
But I did n't have internet .
I am going to try to be your teacher .
It is a formidable task .
I am asking students , colleagues , teachers to help me improve this site .
It is presently set up only for those who wish to become theoretical physicists , not just ordinary ones , but the very best , those who are fully determined to earn their own Nobel Prize .
If you are more modest than that , well , finish those lousy schools first and follow the regular routes provided by educators and specialized - gogues who are so damn carefully chewing all those tiny portions before feeding them to you .
This is a site for ambitious people .
I am sure that anyone can do this , if one is gifted with a certain amount of intelligence , interest and determination .
Jono Bacon , Alan Pope , and many others have written , yesterday we published a new visual story and style for Ubuntu .
The core design work was lead by Marcus Haslam , Otto Greenslade and Dominic Edmunds , who are the three visual artists leading our efforts in the Canonical Design team .
Once we had the base ideas in place we invited some anchor members of the Ubuntu Art community to a design sprint , to test that the concept had the legs to work with the full range of forums , websites , derivatives and other pieces of this huge and wonderful project .
And apparently , it does !
Here are some additional thoughts .
Embracing both Ubuntu and Canonical
One of the real challenges for us has been to find a branding and design strategy which spans the spectrum of audiences , forums and dialogues that we cover .
With Ubuntu , it ’s my specific dream to find a constructive blend of commercial and community interests , not only for Canonical but for other companies .
That has made our design and branding work difficult – the distinctive look of Ubuntu lent itself well to pure community messaging , but it was hard to do a brochure for Canonical data center services for Ubuntu on servers .
We have not only Ubuntu , but also Kubuntu and an important range of derivatives that all have a role in our ecosystem .
So we spent a lot of time trying to distill the requirements down into a set of three dimensions :
We found a set of ideas which each represent those spectrums , and which work together .
For example , we identified a palette which includes both a fresh , lively Orange , and a rich , mature Aubergine , which work together .
The use of Aubergine indicates Commercial involvement of one form or another , while Orange is a signal of community engagement .
The Forums will use the Orange elements more strongly , and a formal product brochure , with descriptions of supporting services , would use more of the Aubergine .
On the consumer / enterprise spectrum , we took inspiration from the aerospace industry , and identified a texture of closely spaced dots .
When you see more of that , it means we ’re signalling that the story is more about the enterprise , less of that , and it ’s more about the consumer .
Of course , there are cross-overs , for example when we are talking about the corporate desktop , where we ’ll use that closely space dot texture as a boundary area , or separator .
We also identified shades of Aubergine that are more consumer , or more enterprise – the darker shades mapping to a stronger emphasis on enterprise work .
And on the end - user / engineer spectrum , we took inspiration from graph paper and engineering blue prints .
When you see widely spaced patterns of dots , or outline images and figures , that ’s signalling that the content is more engineering - oriented than end - user oriented .
And finally , we found a number of themes which enhanced and echoed those ideas .
We use a warm gray supporting colour to give shape to pages and documents , and we built on the dots and circles to create a whole style for figures , illustrations and pictograms .
The beauty of this is that we can now publish content that spans the full range , and we generally know when we start the design process what sorts of visual cues we want to be signalling .
Instead of having these different mental domains fight with one another , we can now convey quite subtle collaboration between community and corporate , or work which is aimed at engineers and developers from enterprises as opposed to developers working with consumers .
Time will tell how it shapes up , but for now I ’m celebrating the milestone and the efforts of the team that pulled it together .
There ’s something there for everyone who wants to participate in the great hubbub of Ubuntuness that is our shared experience of free software .
So , for example , here ’s a conference banner .
The strong use of Aubergine suggests that it ’s more corporate messaging ( Canonical is heavily involved ) .
Orange is used here more as a highlight .
The Aubergine is darker , and there ’s quite a lot of the fine dot pattern .
Below the image is a set of scales showing where on those spectra this work is pitched .
As another example , here ’s a brochure with an emphasis on end -users who are thinking about adopting Ubuntu ’s cloud infrastructure .
Again , the fine dot patterns suggests a more enterprise focus , as does the use of the dark aubergine .
You can see the circle metaphor used in the quote callout .
And here ’s a similar brochure , but with a more developer or engineering oriented focus : note the use of the graph - paper theme with wide spaced dots , and outline shapes .
Finally , here ’s an example of a brochure and CD cover for Ubuntu :
As you can see the idea is to signal a mix of both community and Canonical involvement in the message , addressing consumer audiences with a mix of developers and end -users .
A new Ubuntu font
We have commissioned a new font to be developed both for the logo ’s of Ubuntu and Canonical , and for use in the interface .
The font will be called Ubuntu , and will be a modern humanist font that is optimised for screen legibility .
It will be published under an open font license , and considered part of the trade dress of Ubuntu , which will limit its relevance for software interfaces outside of Ubuntu but leave it free for use across the web and in printed documents .
It will take a few months for the font to be finalised , initial elements will be final in the next week which will be sufficient for the logo and other bits and pieces , but I expect to see that font widely used in 10.10 .
The work has been commissioned from world - renowned fontographers Dalton Maag , who have expressed excitement at the opportunity to publish an open font and also a font that they know will be used daily by millions of people .
Initial coverage will be Western , Arabic , Hebrew and Cyrillic character sets , but over time we may be able to extend that to being a full Unicode font , with great kerning and hinting for print and screen usage globally .
We are considering an internship program , to support aspiring fontographers from all corners of the world to visit London and work with Dalton Maag to extend the font to their own regional glyph set .
The critical test of the font is screen efficiency and legibility , and its character and personality are secondary to its fitness for that purpose .
Nevertheless , our hope is that the font has a look that is elegant and expresses the full set of values for both Canonical and Ubuntu : adroitness , accountability , precision , reliability , freedom and collaboration .
We ’ll publish more as soon as we have it .
A good start
It ’s been an exciting process , but I have the sense that we are just getting started .
The language will get richer , we will find new things that we want to communicate , and new treatments and visual themes that resonate well with these starting points .
We ’ll find new ways to integrate this on the web , and on the desktop ( look out for the two new themes , Radiance and Ambiance ) .
I hope we ’ll see the language being used to good effect across everything we do , both commercial and community oriented .
There ’s a range of expression here that should be useful to artists across the spectrum .
Let me know how it works for you .
This entry was posted on Thursday , March 4th , 2010 at 7:26 pm and is filed under design , ubuntu .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Porting to Python 3 — A Guide
The latest Jinja 2 release came with basic support for Python 3 .
It was surprisingly painless to port the application over but it did require a substantial amount of tweaks and code changes in order to get it running .
For everyone else out there who is interested in getting started , I decided to share my experiences :
Changing APIs
Before you start porting the library you have to decide how interfaces will behave in Python 3 .
The biggest issue here is obviously unicode , but there are others as well .
I would say there are four kinds of libraries you might encounter regarding string behavior in Python 2 :
There are the libraries that only accept unicode and only output unicode , there are those that only accept byte - strings and output byte - strings but operate on textual data , there are the libraries that operate on either or and what has been fed into it , comes out of it and there are libraries that operate either on unicode or byte - strings and also accept the other type as long as it's a subset of the default encoding ( ASCII ) .
First you have to find out what your library does , what it is supposed to do , and how you want to deal with that in Python 3 .
Because byte - strings no longer exist in Python 3 and were replaced by a bytes object that works similar , but has an incompatible API it is very unlikely that your code will be able to support both in the future ( or that it is something you would desire ) .
Byte -Based Libraries
This is might the most tricky one if you are aiming for Python 2.5 support or lower and you are operating on bytes directly .
The issue is that the way you operate on bytes changed fundamentally from Python 2.x to 3.x and 2to3 is not really able to pick it up .
Worse , it will try convert all your bytestring literals to unicode !
The official support is as far as I know , to explicitly prefix the byte strings in the 2.x code with a leading b to indicate bytes .
Unfortunately that means no support for 2.x .
I am not completely sure what to do in that situation , but at least I found a way to trick python to operate on bytes : if you have code like this : magic = ' M23 \x01 '
And you want to ensure it does not end up being a str in 3.x , add a dummy encode : magic = u ' M23 \x01 ' . encode ( ' iso - 8859-1' )
The only downside is that the encode happens at runtime , so it will slow down execution a bit .
Text Based Libraries
The second kind of library is a library that operates on text .
In 2.x there were multiple ways to implement such libraries and it basically came down to what data type was used internally and what was accepted for input and output .
There are the libraries that operate exclusively either on bytestrings or unicode .
These are the ones that are the easiest to port , because 2to3 was written with nearly that in mind .
If your library was only accepting bytestrings in 2.x it will ( after a 2to3 run ) only be accepting a Python 3 str type which is unicode based .
This works well as long as you do not intend to use some kind of IO in your library .
Once you start doing that , you will need to make sure you can somehow specify the encoding to be used when opening files .
In that case , make sure you open the file in byte mode ( not in text mode ! ) and do the decoding / encoding yourself .
This is the only way your IO code will work the same in both 2.x and 3.x .
But more on IO later .
What 2to3 does out of the box is converting calls from unicode to str automatically .
Unfortunately it does not change the special __unicode__ method to __str__ .
You can easily do that in a custom fixer though , so it should be easy to accomplish .
If your library however supports both __str__ and __unicode__ you are in a more tricky situation here .
Let me show you an example of the kind of classes I deal with in Jinja 2 for example : class MyObject ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self .
value = u ' some value ' def __str__ ( self ) : return unicode ( self ) . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self .
value
The big problem here is that 2to3 will convert it to this : class MyObject ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self .
value = ' some value ' def __str__ ( self ) : return str ( self ) . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' ) def __unicode__ ( self ) : return self .
value
If you call str( ) on your instance now , it will die with a runtime error because it recurses infinitely .
Even if it would not recurse , it would try to return a bytes object from the __str__ method because of the encode call .
My plan was to write a custom fixer that , if it detects a __str__ that just calls into __unicode__ and encodes , will drop the __str__ method and rename __unicode__ to __str__ .
Unfortunately the tree you are dealing with in 2to3 does not appear to be designed to removing code so what I do instead of removing the __str__ is just renaming the __unicode__ to __str__ and let Python override the dummy __str__ with the correct one .
The fixer I use for that , looks like this : from lib2to3 import fixer_base from lib2to3 .
fixer_util import Name class FixRenameUnicode ( fixer_base .
BaseFix ) : PATTERN = r " funcdef < ' def ' name='__unicode__ ' parameters < '(' NAME ' ) ' > any+ > " def transform ( self , node , results ) : name = results [ ' name ' ] name .
replace ( Name ( ' __str__ ' , prefix = name .
prefix ) )
After conversion with this fixer in place , the class from above will then look like this : class MyObject ( object ) : def __init__ ( self ) : self .
value = ' some value ' def __str__ ( self ) : return str ( self ) . encode ( 'utf - 8 ' ) def __str__ ( self ) : return self .
value
But where to put those fixers ?
Edit 2to3 directly ?
And do I have to provide two source packages for 2.x and 3.x ?
This is where distribute comes in .
2to3 through distribute Distutils itself already has the possibility to run 2to3 for you , but what it cannot do is adding custom fixers without a lot of custom code .
distribute on the other hand not gives you built in 2to3 support as a single keyword argument to setup ( ) but can also pass custom fixers to 2to3 which is very helpful .
Because these new keyword arguments however would warn if the setup script was executed with setuptools instead of distribute , you should only pass them to the setup function if invoked from Python 3 .
The setup script then looks like this : import sys from setuptools import setup # if we are running on python 3 , enable 2to3 and # let it use the custom fixers from the custom_fixers # package .
extra = {} if sys .
version_info >= ( 3 , 0 ) : extra .
update ( use_2to3 = True , use_2to3_fixers = [ ' custom_fixers ' ] ) setup ( name = ' Your Library ' , version = ' 1.0 ' , classifiers = [ # make sure to use :: Python * and* :: Python :: 3 so # that pypi can list the package on the python 3 page ' Programming Language :: Python ' , ' Programming Language :: Python :: 3 ' ] , packages = [ ' yourlibrary ' ] , # make sure to add custom_fixers to the MANIFEST.in include_package_data = True , ** extra )
Now all you have to do is to put the custom 2to3 fixers ( written in Python 3 ! ) into the custom_fixers package next to your real library and they will be added automatically .
For examples of fixers , look into the lib2to3 / fixes package or your Python 3 installation .
If you run python3 setup .py build it will run 2to3 on your files and put the output into the build folder for you to test .
Input / Output So in Python 3 there is a completely new input / output system .
It is very Java-ish and is able to deal with unicode .
The downside is that you either do n't have it in 2.x or the implementation is too slow , so what you want to do is to create yourself an abstraction layer .
If your library was unicode based in older Python versions you probably just did file .read ( ) .decode ( encoding ) or something similar .
This still works on 3.x and I strongly recommend doing that , but be sure to open the file in binary mode , otherwise on Python 3 the decode will attempt to decode an already decoded unicode string , which does not make any sense .
If you need normalized newlines ( windows newlines converted to ' n ' ) you would have to post - process the string by hand , but must applications and libraries are able to deal with any kind of newline anyways .
You could also just create a IO helper module that calls the builtin open on 3.x and codecs.open on 2.x .
Unfortunately codecs.open has a worse performance than the built in open on 2.x , so you might want to check how you are dealing with files , if a high performance is necessary and so forth .
Most of the time , opening the file in binary mode is what you want to do .
If you library was byte based in 2.x and you opened files in the library , instead of just working on open file objects , you will have to change your API slightly in order to take the charset and error mode into account .
If you previously had a function like this : def read_file_contents ( filename ) : with open ( filename ) as f : return f . read ()
You will have to change it to something like this now : def read_file_contents ( filename , charset = ' utf - 8 ' , errors = ' strict ' ) : with open ( filename , ' rb ' ) as f : return f . read ( ) . decode ( charset , errors )
And then ensure that you give the user to provide these arguments to the function .
This means that whatever calls this , would also have to accept this arguments and so forth .
Not everyone is using utf - 8 , there might be legacy files in iso - 8859 - 1 a user might still want to be able to open .
With a proper error handling system , it might even be possible to fall back to another encoding if it does not decode as utf - 8 properly .
Last but not least , 3.x StringIO is a " string IO " , not something that accepts binary data .
If you have a lot of unittests that are dealing with binary data in such objects , you will have to use the io .
BytesIO instead .
If it does not exist , you are running 2.x , and you can safely fall back to cStringIO .
StringIO .
Hi , Tim :
Cool that you 're moving trees onto your property !
Getting trees to survive in the city has been a passion for me for mucho years .
I 'd love to help you transplant a tree while we 're visiting .
Your Instructable on tree transplanting moves me to comment :
1 ) It 's important that the big roots of a rootballed tree be cut cleanly with a clean sharp pair of loppers , and that smaller roots be cut cleanly with a clean sharp pair of clippers .
Torn root bark and crushed roots give opportunistic fungi and bacteria easy inroads into the tree 's vascular system .
Plus just as with pruning cuts above ground , a tree can heal a clean - cut root much more easily than a ragged one .
2 ) Trees have two kinds of roots : structural roots , which help secure the tree in the ground , and fine feeder roots , which collect oxygen , water and nutrients from the soil .
The feeder roots are usually within six inches of the soil surface , while the structural roots can be substantially deeper , as you saw with your orange tree .
When a tree blows over in the city it 's usually because its structural roots were cut , destabilizing it .
When a city tree dies back it 's often because its feeder root system was suffocated either due to soil compaction or due to a construction - caused change of grade .
Or it may simply have run out of adequate soil volume to sustain the tree .
2 ) Be sure to dig the destination hole just deep enough that when the tree settles in , the soil level will be at the trunk flare ( where the base of the trunk widens ) .
Covering the feeder roots with too deep a soil layer will suffocate the tree .
Also make the hole nice and wide , to encourage the tree to grow new roots into the loose aerated soil around the root ball .
3 ) Once the tree is planted , cover the soil with 2 - 3 inches of mulch , keeping the mulch a few inches away from the trunk .
This keeps the soil from compacting ( which suffocates the feeder roots ) and helps retain moisture .
4 ) Keep exposed roots covered with a moist cloth during transport , and keep the root area in the new location well watered for at least a couple years .
If there has n't been substantial rain to do the job for you , a slow trickle from a hose for about an hour once a week is a good way to water deeply without oversaturating the soil .
In case you want to try it out : the latest greatest arboricultural wisdom is that the best way to transplant a tree is once again bare root -- but not the way they did it in the old days .
Nowadays the transplant tool of choice is an air spade or air knife , devices which use compressed air to excavate the root system fast and efficiently and with minimal root damage .
Substantially more of the root system can be preserved , and the total weight of the transplant is substantially less than when a big soil ball is transported along with the tree .
Here 's a couple photo descriptions of air spade transplanting .
Libby
We water it and go home .
It 's 2 am .
That day is cloudy and rainy .
Perfect for a new tree in a new place !
I hope it thrives .
Will let you know how that goes !
My east coast arborist pal Libby Shaw says :
You know , Tux always seemed so harmless ... little did we know that he is actually a Che Guevara - type figure who 's been traveling around the world , fighting the good fight on any number of fronts .
First , Cuba announces its national Linux variant , Nova , and now ?
Red Star is North Korea 's very own Linux - based operating system , featuring a desktop very similar to Windows -- but for the red star that replaces the Start button .
It first came to light when Mikhail , a Russian blogger living in Pyongyang , picked up a copy for $ 5 near Kim Il - sung University .
The install disk apparently features a quote from Kim Jong - il about the importance of an operating system " compatible with Korean traditions , " and the system requirements are a Pentium III 800MHz with 256MB RAM and 3GB hard drive space ( North Korea 's version of Minesweeper must take up a lot of room ) .
Of course , this bad boy has Firefox -- except here it 's called My Country , and it will only connect you to something called " My Country BBS , " a web portal on North Korea 's own ( restricted ) version of the Internet .
Where will the plucky penguin turn up next ?
We do n't know , but we bet it 'll be one hell of a ride .
While reviewing a quote for a rush job that would require working through the weekend , client commented that paying extra seemed wrong .
His famous last words :
“ I ’m giving you a break from your family for two days , why should I be paying for that ? ”
SANTA CLARA , Calif . -- Michael Crabtree is confident he can play a big role for the San Francisco 49ers as a rookie even though he 's months behind .
Crabtree signed a six - year contract early Wednesday after a drawn - out negotiation process that had some wondering whether the star wide receiver would ever show up this season .
" It 's a lot of relief off my shoulders , " Crabtree said when formally introduced at team headquarters .
Crabtree gets a six - year contract that can turn into a five - year deal if he lives up to his potential as the 10th pick in the 2009 draft , a source told ESPN.com 's John Clayton .
According to the source , Crabtree has a couple of scenarios that could void the sixth year of his contract .
If he goes to a Pro Bowl during his first four years , along with playing 80 percent of the offensive snaps during a separate season in which the 49ers reach the playoffs , the source said the contract voids to five years .
Another provision would be going to a Pro Bowl in the first four years along with going to a second Pro Bowl in five years .
According to the source , the Crabtree contract is for six years and $ 32 million that could maximize to $ 40 million if he achieves every incentive in the deal .
The guarantee in the contract is $ 17 million , but he is expected to make $ 19 million over the first three years and $ 23 million over the first four years .
The five - year deal is worth $ 28 million , according to the source .
Crabtree headed out Wednesday for his first practice as the 49ers prepare for Sunday 's home game against Atlanta .
" Everybody came to a reachable agreement and it happened , " Crabtree said , sporting a red No. 15 practice jersey and charcoal gray sweats .
" I 'm just glad I 'm past that part .
I 'm very humble right now , man , it 's a very humbling experience .
Just getting a chance to sit back and better myself as a person , as a player , as a teammate .
...
I feel like going through that it made me look at the world in a different way , look at my teammates a different way .
Hopefully it will work out for the best . "
Singletary called it a " fair deal for both parties involved . "
The former Texas
Tech star was the only draft pick who had n't signed ; even rapper MC Hammer got involved to finally make it happen .
The popular chide from just about every quarter , no matter what magic book the individual might happen to read from on a Sabbath , and regurgitate at we non-believers whenever they get a chance , is that when it comes to origins — not just of life but the existence of the universe itself — is that “ it takes more faith to be an atheist than it does to be a believer ” because , while the religious believe the universe was created by a god , those heathen so - called rationalists believe the universe leapt into existence from nothing at all in a tiny big bang , billions of years before Moses was but a glint in his father ’s eye .
The argument which we ’ve all endured on various on - going and some defunct threads , both on this blog and others , a million times before , goes something along the lines that everything which exists has to have a designer except the designer Himself , because while we are physical beings ,
He is supernatural and therefore outside of our ability to comprehend and that this somehow makes magic bread and infallible celibate pedophiles not only a foregone conclusion but a moral imperative — or words to that effect .
Where the religious ’ authority to speak with such certainty about such matters as our cosmological origins comes from , however , is something I would like to expand upon here , in what I hope will become one of the more popular long - slow - cook debates which this blog has , over the years , done rather well at playing host .
It ’s been some time since we last had a group hug on a grand new topic — and while the Catholics among you do n’t need a second invitation to a mass - debate , perhaps this time the readers out there who ’ve traditionally been rather shy to dip their toe into an open conversation about , literally , everything might be finally encouraged to put up or shut up .
It is , afterall , with no less a sense of occasion than the state opening of the Queen ’s legs , that I hereby declare , ladies and gentlemen , boys , girls , Sunni and Shia , rising apes , fallen angels and all those who are n’t sure what they are , that I say with absolute certainty , ( drum roll please ) there is no such thing as God and I can prove it !
OK , now the disclaimer .
Do I mean god ( with a lower case g ) is dead , as - in the awe and wonder of the universe around us which we carry in our hearts when we look into the night sky and simply boggle as to what , if anything , it could all possibly mean ?
No .
Einstein ’s god is alive and well and frankly would prefer it if we ’d all just calm down a bit , call him by his first name and treat him like an ordinary bloke for once .
So , do we mean the magic baby Jesus god is dead then ?
The bundle of swaddling clothes who stole Santa ’s thunder from under the ruddy red noses of Hasbro ’s beleaguered marketing department and started foisting his hippy nonsense about peace and love for your fellow human credit cards on us , sometime in 4th century , Byzantine Turkey ?
Well , like it or not , this god too is alive and well in all of us who care about each other just enough to cherish the democracy , free speech and relative wealth that stems a from a free market economy driven inexorably towards the once yearly season of aspirational greed .
And while we are still just human enough , despite the evil shadow of consumerist Jesus , to show a fair degree of antagonism towards people who believe that to be Christ - like , one must exalt the ridiculous , neither are we so short sighted as to kill off this one god who , empty fools and credulous pigs aside , at least symbolically marks the beginning of the Winter solstice and that inevitable if all - too prolonged assent of Ra , into Summer .
Which god is it that is dead , then ?
Pat Robertson ’s vengeful god , perhaps ?
We could all do so much better without hearing another word from the lips of that stupid old queen ever again .
Or perhaps it is Sarah Palin ’s confused Jesus that has breathed his last breath of fresh , dewy Alaskan air , tinged with a faint aroma of a nearby destroyed coastline full of rotting rare seabirds , covered head to beak in sticky black gold , put under the ocean about 6,000 years ago , by a home - schooled , pro-life , monobrow , sandals and socks , beard but no moustache god ?
No , no friends .
Sorry to disappoint , but this god too is also alive and well .
In fact business is booming in everything from Genuine Holy Father Vatican approved tea -towels to three litre cancerous limb regrowth Lourdes water presentation box - sets .
Order now .
Well then which god is it who has finally left us ?
Be not afraid , my dark minions .
The one who has gone before us , is the one god above all others you really want to have vanished , almost as if he were never here in the first place .
Answer me this .
How many times have you personally held a conversation , or read about , overheard someone else having , twittered , facebooked or otherwise encountered the phrase , “ why something , rather than nothing ” , as if this is supposed to leave any atheistic / agnostic argument against cosmological constants or so - called anthropic reasoning dead in the water ?
Do n’t say it did n’t freak you out a little when you first came across this one , by the way , because we both know it did .
Indeed , reading back on some of my earlier writing , I can tell that — certainly without knowingly avoiding the subject — I have myself seemed somewhat reticent to approach the subject , either in case I found myself reaching into the well of knowledge and coming up thirsty , or because I naively felt that it was in the interest of balance ; of not wanting to seem presumptuous , or arrogant , that the various religious contributors to this blog should be left with at least something resembling an argument of some kind or another to lean back on , once they ’ve chewed their way through all the usual theological noise in their tirades against everything from Darwinian evolution by natural selection , to why God would prefer children remained orphaned , than let gay people raise a family .
Then , about 4 or 5 months ago , I was reminded of my failure to address this “ something rather than nothing ” business , when I read “ Why Does E=mc2 ” by Professor Brian Cox and Jeff Forshaw .
How , I wondered aloud , do I bridge my recognition of this difficult subject and my hope that those of you out there , on the other side of this membrane we call “ my ” blog , might meet me in the middle and learn alongside each other about the amazing truth behind why the “ fixed constants ” or “ grand design ” argument falls down so spectacularly , when held up to the cold , hard light of scientific reasoning ?
The section of the afore mentioned book which convinced me to simply , one day , come clean with you about this and dive right into the facts of the matter ( yes it has taken me this long to get around to it — but having nothing to do except sit in bed with a head cold and the occasional lucid fever dream does tend to do force a guy like me into action now an then ) was when the subject of particle accelerators arose , fairly early - on in the third or fourth chapter of Cox and Forshaw ’s incredibly accessible book .
It spoke of how , from the point of view of a particle — if it were indeed possible to ride on the back of one as it hurtled around in circles , close to the speed of light — that the eventual collision between itself and another particle of similar mass , in the detector , would be an event which would seem to last far longer from the perspective of the world outside , than it would appear from the perspective of the particle looking out .
But this is n’t just a clever mind experiment , designed to see if the reader can conceptualise of such incredibly tiny atomic interactions in their mind ’s eye .
It is an experiment which can be performed , in the real world , repeated and observed .
It is an experiment which proves beyond doubt that just as Einstein predicted , space - time itself is flexible ; and that it can slow down — from one point of view and yet appear to maintain its original speed from the point of view of another — relatively speaking .
It was at the point in the book at which these kinds of examples of real - world experiments which test various of Einstein ’s famous theories , that I finally — after years of being so - close and yet so far from understanding what these famous equation really mean — that it finally began to dawn on me ; that physics is n’t just some neat way for eggheads in giant expensive laboratories to feel good about themselves for the sake of feeling cleaver .
That E=mc2 really does beautifully demonstrate , most unambiguously , not just that that the speed of light is constant , but that energy and mass are two sides of the same coin .
Fast forward forty or fifty years after Einstein first proved this .
Throw in some Nobel prize winners , some cosmic background radiation , the triangulation of stars with the same temperature , a few hundred thousand billion empirically observed predictions of phenomena like black holes , dark energy and dark matter , and —hey fucking presto — not only is it possible to show how the universe came to exist , but more importantly it becomes possible to prove why it is impossible for it not to exist .
As it turns out , quantum fluctuations in a flat universe which contains exactly zero energy ( such as our universe just happens to be ) will always produce something , rather than nothing and that is exactly why the argument of the same name , so often flung in your face by the very people who understand its implications for their religious credulity the least , in - fact stands as the solid gold proof which is needed , in order to show that the universe did not require a deity — Thor , Zeus , Mithras , Odin , Yahweh or otherwise — for any of it to be magically brought into being .
The universe simply is , it is not a question of being either on or off , depending on a divine willing it into existence or not .
Now , fast forward to the below video lecture — which I would be delighted to take questions on and attempt to provide answers for in the comments below , once you ’ve watched it with , hopefully , as much fascination as I did .
Please do n’t skip any bits which might get a bit heavy , or offensive to your religious sensibilities — that is sort of the whole point .
Introduced by Professor Richard Dawkins , at the 2009 RDF conference , Lawrence Krauss presents , ‘ A universe from nothing ’ :
It sounds too good to be true : a non-toxic spray invisible to the human eye that protects almost any surface against dirt and bacteria , whether it is hospital equipment and medical bandages or ancient stone monuments and expensive fabrics .
But true it is .
The spray is a form of " liquid glass " and is harmless to living things and the wider environment .
It is being touted as one of the most important , environmentally - friendly products to emerge from the field of nanotechnology , which deals in objects at the molecular end of the size scale .
Tests have revealed an astonishing variety of potential uses for the liquid glass , from protecting vineyards against fungal attacks to coating medical implants with non-stick , antibacterial surfaces .
Scientists have even used it to spray fabric with an invisible , dirt - resistant film – emulating the fictional invention of unstainable clothing in the 1951 Ealing comedy The Man in the White Suit .
The secret of liquid glass is that it forms an ultra - thin film between 15 and 30 molecules thick – about 500 times thinner than human hair .
On this nanoscale – a few millionths of a millimetre thick – liquid glass turns into a highly flexible invisible barrier that repels water , dirt and bacteria , yet is resistant to heat , acids and UV radiation but remains " breathable " .
A family - owned German company called Nanopool holds patent rights on the technology behind the liquid glass , which emerged from research at the Institute for New Materials in Saarbrücken .
Nanopool is already talking to British firms and the NHS about using the product for a diverse range of applications , from coating designer handbags to spraying the nose cones of high - speed trains .
An NHS hospital in Southport , Lancashire , has just completed a year - long trial where a variety of surfaces were coated with liquid glass to test its ability to resist dirt and microbial growth .
The results of the trial are expected to be published next month .
Similar tests by food - processing firms in Germany have shown that sterile surfaces treated with liquid glass are just as clean and free of microbial contamination after being washed in hot water as untreated surfaces washed in the usual way with strong bleach , and the antimicrobial effect continued over many months .
The liquid glass is composed of almost pure silicon dioxide , the chemical constituent of quartz or silica , the most abundant mineral in the Earth 's crust .
It is quite inert and has no known harmful impact on the environment , unlike many of the domestic and industrial cleaning products its use could help to reduce .
The " easy - clean " properties of the liquid glass could lead to drastic cuts in the amount of potentially toxic cleaning agents used in factories , offices , schools , hospitals and the home , as well as cutting the costs of labour and the amount of time spent scrubbing surfaces .
It works by forming a highly water - repellent or " hydrophobic " layer that resists dirt and bacteria , so that treated surfaces can be quickly be washed clean with plain water , according to Neil McClelland , Nanopool 's UK project manager .
" Many UK supermarkets are unwilling to stock the technology as many of the other cleaning products which they sell will become redundant .
This is also the case with some major cleaning companies who are scared of having to clean less frequently and to change from using cleaning chemicals to using water in most instances , " Mr McClelland told The Independent .
A number of leading organisations are conducting cleaning tests with the product , including a train company in Britain which is using it to protect the front of the train as well as inside its carriages ; an international chain of luxury hotels ; an upmarket fabric and clothing firm ; and a German branch of a hamburger chain .
The secret of the glass 's unique properties lies in the way it is manufactured so that it can be sold in a solution of water or alcohol , depending of the type of surface to be covered .
When sprayed on a surface , the glass solution forms a flexible , ultra - thin film that generates strong electrostatic forces that bind it to the material in question , yet repel water from the opposing , exposed surface .
" In essence , we extract molecules of silicon dioxide from quartz sand and add molecules of water or ethanol depending on which surface is being coated .
The really clever part is that there are no added nano - particles , resins or additives – the coatings form and bond due to quantum forces , " Mr McClelland said .
When bacteria or other microbes land on the glass surface they are not killed , but they cannot divide and replicate easily , he said .
This imparts a natural , antibacterial property to the layer of liquid glass similar to the silver - ion surfaces used to protect some kitchen equipment , but with a longer - lasting effect , Mr McClelland claimed .
" Very soon almost every product you purchase will be protected with a highly durable , easy - to - clean coating ... the concept of spray - on glass is mind boggling , " Mr McClelland said .
Sprayed onto outdoor stone or brick , the liquid glass creates a water - resistant surface that is easier to clean .
It allows the stone to breathe , preventing a build - up of mildew under the nano - coating .
Graffiti is more easily removed from treated statues , without the unsightly " shadowing " from conventional anti-graffiti treatment , Mr McClelland said .
Britain's war graves organisation , Alrewas , is in discussions with Nanopool about treating its stone monuments and Turkish scientists are conducting tests of liquid glass on important national monuments in Turkey , such as the Ataturk Mausoleum in Ankara and the 15th Century Ilyas Bey Mosque in Miletus .
Professor Bekir Eskici of Ankara University , director of the mosque project , said that the liquid glass solution was applied to the building 's dome as well as its decorative marble surfaces in August 2008 .
The surfaces are still water - repellent and there are no colour changes to the materials , Professor Eskici said .
Sascha Schwindt , managing director of Nanopool , said that agricultural companies were also interested in liquid glass as a treatment against fungal attack on plants and seeds .
Vineyards are testing it against a common grape fungus and wine makers are interested in using the product to prevent " corking " .
Mr Schwindt said that tests have also shown that seeds sprayed with the liquid glass are not just protected against fungal attacks , but germinate and grow faster than untreated seeds .
" We think it 's because the energy of the seeds is used for development and growth rather than defence against bacteria and fungi in the soil , " he said .
The agricultural aspects of the liquid glass came out of tests showing that treated wood is resistant to termite attack .
Wood sprayed with the liquid glass survived undamaged after being buried in a termite mound for nine months , Mr Schwindt said .
" Our hypothesis is that the termites do not see the treated wood as wood but as a solid barrier , " he said .
Professor Colin Humphreys of Cambridge University , a respected expert in the field of materials science , said that Nanopool 's liquid glass appears to have a striking range of applications .
" I have to say the product looks impressive , " he said .
Nano invention : Macro possibilities
Agriculture
Wood treated with liquid glass was found to be resistant to termite attacks in tropical climates .
This led to tests on vines showing that treated plants are more resistant to a fungus that attacks the grapes .
Seeds coated with liquid glass are less likely to be be attacked by fungal spores and germinate and grow faster than untreated seeds , probably because they do not waste energy fending off the microbes .
Wine corks treated with liquid glass may also be protected against " corking " , when contaminants in the cork taint the flavour of the wine .
Stone monuments
Stone surfaces coated with liquid glass are protected against the weather and easier to clean , especially if grafittied .
For 18 months , scientists in Turkey have been running trials on the Ataturk Mausoleum in Ankara and a 15th - Century mosque .
They report continued water protection and no discolouration .
Talks are taking place about the possible use of liquid glass in Britain to protect memorials and war graves .
Domestic bathrooms
Millions of homes use cleaning agents and bleach .
Tests by food processing companies in Germany have shown that sterile surfaces treated with the liquid glass can be cleaned with plain hot water and have levels of sterility seen on surfaces washed in bleach .
Its uses in the fashion industry
Washington Capitals sign Dmitry Kugryshev ( Photo © Steve Deschênes , Le Soleil )
The Washington Capitals of the NHL signed Russian winger Dmitry Kugryshev to an entry level rookie contract .
He has been drafted by the Capitals during the second round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft , with the 58th overall pick .
Kugryshev , who turned 20 in January , has spent the latest two seasons with the Quebec Remparts of the QMJHL , scoring respectively 74 and 81 points .
The Moscow , Russia , native won a gold medal with Team Russia U18 back in 2007 , with a silver and bronze medal at the WJC stage .
He has been included in this year ’s WJC long roster , but he has been cut during the preparation camp .
Kugryshev also skated with the Capitals in the training camp on September and during other rookie camps .
CD / DVD covers come in card and plastic stock , innovative designing on CD / DVD Jackets or Cover leave best impression on users .
Pocket / Presentation folders are widely used for branding and marketing .
We develop all custom folders with custom folds / pockets
Let us design great envelopes in custom shapes and design for your business , we have quality stock available for quality envelopes printing
Business card design , material is very important while representing your business , Use our expertise for creating great business cards
Printingthestuff is operated by professional printing experts with fully equipped printing press .
Unlike every other online printing company we offer some exclusive free services such as , Free Designing , Free Finishes ( Lamination and Embossing ) and Free Shipping .
Customer Satisfaction is our first priority and we offer custom designing and its revisions until you approve it for printing .
Please use live chat , 24 hours Email Support or call for custom quotes .
We can manufacture standard and custom printing products such as stickers printing , banners printing , posters printing , custom packing boxes , calendars printing and many more .
We have die cutting , lamination and embossing facility too .
We have verity of printing material available such as white vinyl , clear vinyl , paper , and card in all gram - age , pasted cards for thick card products .
We have digital and offset printing facility .
We offer printing in small and big quantities .
We use environment friendly printing practices using SOYA INK and recycles papers .
In one sentence :
After nine years , I 've decided to shut down One Sentence .
In more than one sentence :
With no new sentences approved in a year , I doubt this is a surprise to anyone , but I wanted to make it official and take a second to say goodbye .
One Sentence started as a simple blog post in March 2002 .
Four years later ( and just a couple of months after Twitter started ) , I decided to launch it as its own site .
In the subsequent years , it became a Popular Site On the Internet That People Liked ( tm ) .
It was tweeted about by dooce and Demi Moore .
At its peak popularity , it was getting a million visits a month .
I was interviewed on a few radio shows and came close a number of times to a One Sentence book deal ( considering some of the sites that got book deals , I 'm still trying to figure out how this never worked out ) .
Over 100,000 sentences were submitted .
By 2015 , though , the idea of telling your story in a short amount of space has become the norm and maybe even past its prime .
Combine that with the simple fact of life getting in the way leaving less and less time for sentence curation and site maintenance , and you 've got a sure sign it 's time for a graceful exit .
I imagine there are a few questions I should answer :
What 's happening to the site ?
For now , this page is it -- the hosting was expensive and I need a little time to regroup and figure out what will happen next .
I will most likely create a static read - only version of the site .
I believe One Sentence is a culturally important artifact of the mid-to - late 2000s and the content should remain accessible .
But with a full - time job , family , etc. it 'll take a little while for me to get there .
In the meantime , before shutting down the site , I made sure the Wayback Machine has a current copy .
Even though One Sentence has only been closed for 2926423 minutes , I miss it !
How can I get my fix ?
Relive the days of yore via the aforementioned Wayback Machine ( and then donate to the Internet Archive for all the great services they offer ) .
I want my sentences !
How do I get them ?
If you submitted sentences and want copies of them , I want to make sure you are able to get them .
Since One Sentence did n't have account functionality , for privacy 's sake sentences will only be able to be mailed back to the original e-mail address they were submitted from .
I will be getting an export facility in place soon and you 'll be able find it here when it 's ready .
Dude , I 'm sad .
Can I tell you how I feel ?
Please do .
Drop me a note at one - at - onesentence.org .
I want to thank everyone that e-mailed ( and that I irresponsibly did n't reply to ) , particularly in the last year asking , " Why no new sentences ? "
I want to thank everyone that had a kind word over the years .
I want to thank the wonderful folks that found the site worthy of tweeting , blogging , writing newspaper articles , or interviewing me on the radio about .
And , of course , I want to thank anyone and everyone who ever submitted a sentence .
You all are awesome .
Be well and I 'll be in touch !
... Ryan
Every year , consumers the world over unwittingly spend billions of dollars on diamonds crafted in Israel , thereby helping to fund one of the world ’s most protracted and contentious conflicts .
Most people are unaware that Israel is one of the world ’s leading producers of cut and polished diamonds .
As diamonds are normally not hallmarked , consumers cannot distinguish an Israeli diamond from one crafted in India , Belgium , South Africa or elsewhere .
The global diamond industry and aligned governments , including the EU , have hoodwinked consumers into believing the diamond trade has been cleansed of diamonds that fund human rights abuses , but the facts are startlingly different .
Israel — which stands accused of war crimes , crimes against humanity , ethnic cleansing , genocide , the crime of apartheid , extrajudicial executions within and outside the territory it controls and persistent serious breaches of the Geneva Conventions — is the world ’s leading exporter of diamonds ( see Figure 1 below ) .
Israeli companies import rough diamonds for cutting and polishing , adding significantly to their value , and export them globally via distribution hubs in Antwerp , London , Hong Kong , New York and Mumbai .
Figure 1
WDC
WDC
WDC
In 2003 , the WDC introduced a system of self - regulation called the Kimberly Process Certification Scheme to stem the flow of “ conflict ” or “ blood diamonds . ”
In keeping with the limited concerns of the WDC the UN - mandated Kimberly Process adopted a very narrow definition of what constitutes a conflict or blood diamond : “ rough diamonds used by rebel movements or their allies to finance conflict aimed at undermining legitimate governments . ”
As a result of this tight ring - fencing , the much more lucrative trade in cut and polished diamonds avoids the human rights strictures applying to rough diamonds , provided the industry uses only Kimberly Process - compliant rough diamonds .
Regardless of the human rights violations and atrocities funded by revenue from the Israeli diamond industry , governments and other vested interests party to the Kimberly Process facilitate the unrestricted access of diamonds crafted in Israel to the multi-billion dollar global diamond market .
The WDC created a web site called Diamondfacts.org to promote the virtues of the industry .
It lists 24 facts extolling the benefits of the diamond industry — primarily to India and countries in Africa .
Some of the benefits include that an estimated 5 million people have access to appropriate healthcare globally thanks to revenues from diamonds ; diamond revenues enable every child in Botswana to receive free education up to the age of 13 ; the revenue from diamonds is instrumental in the fight against the HIV / AIDS pandemic .
While these facts are laudable the list makes no mention of other less savory facts , including the fact that revenue from the diamond industry in Israel helps fund atrocities and human rights abuses such as the killing , maiming and terrorizing of thousands of innocent men , women and children in Palestine and Lebanon — the sort of atrocities the Kimberly Process is supposed to prevent being funded by revenue from diamonds .
The list of “ Diamond Facts ” paints a one - sided , positive image of the industry .
It implies that the greatest benefits are being felt in some of the poorest nations of the world .
But Israel , one of the wealthiest nations , towers over all other countries in terms of the net benefit derived from the diamond industry .
The added value to the Israeli economy from the export of diamonds was nearly $ 10 billion in 2008 ( see Figure 2 below ) .
Figure 2
WDC
HS
Figure 3
Figure 4
WDC
Contrary to claims by the diamond industry and jewelers that all diamonds are now conflict free , they are not .
Israel ’s dominant position in the industry means that diamonds crafted in Israel are interspersed globally with diamonds crafted in other countries .
Consumers who purchase diamonds that are not laser - inscribed to identify where they were crafted run a significant risk of purchasing a diamond crafted in Israel , thereby helping to fund gross human rights violations .
The Kimberly Process Certification Scheme strictures only apply to rough diamonds , thus allowing diamonds crafted in Israel to freely enter the market regardless of the criminal actions of the Israeli government and armed forces .
The Kimberly Process is seriously flawed and is being used by the diamond industry and jewelers to pull the wool over consumers ’ eyes by telling them that all diamonds are now “ conflict free ” without explaining the limitations and exactly what that means .
All this is hardly surprising given Israel ’s dominant position in the diamond industry .
Israel currently chairs the Kimberly Process .
The notion of self - regulation by any industry that is intrinsically linked to the violations it purports to want to eliminate is something that neither governments nor the general public should tolerate .
It is impossible for the public to have confidence in the diamond industry ’s attempt to self - regulate as long as it facilitates the trade in diamonds crafted in Israel , which , if the Kimberly Process applied the same standards to all diamonds , would rightly be classified as blood diamonds and treated accordingly .
Given the failure of Western governments to hold Israel to account for numerous breaches of international law including international humanitarian law , breaches of the UN Charter , its failure to abide by more than 30 binding UN Security Council Resolutions , breaches of EU Agreements and disregard for the 2004 advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice , they are unlikely to insist that the diamond industry broaden the definition of a conflict diamond to include cut and polished diamonds that fund human rights abuses .
Consumers should have the right to know where a diamond was crafted and consequently the right to choose an Israel - free diamond .
These rights are not available to consumers today .
In 2005 , Palestinian civil society called for an international campaign of boycott , divestment and sanctions ( BDS ) against Israel similar to that which helped bring an end to the apartheid regime in South Africa .
The international BDS campaign has to date focused much of its boycott activities on the most easily targeted Israeli products including fruit , vegetable , cosmetics and some plastic products .
Targeting these products helps to increase public awareness of Israeli crimes and to some extent satisfies the public ’s desire to register disapproval of Israel ’s actions .
However , these products account for only a small fraction of Israel ’s total manufacturing exports .
Even if the boycott of these products was totally successful it would not make a significant difference to the Israeli economy or to Israel ’s ability to further its expansionist goals .
Figure 5
The international BDS campaign needs to focus global attention on the diamond trade that facilitates Israel ’s ongoing crimes against the Palestinian people and its neighbors in the region .
Seán Clinton is the chairperson of the Limerick branch of the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign and a former Boycott Officer on the National Committee of the Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign .
Five months ago , right around the time that Andrey Ternovskiy was building Chatroulette , no one could have predicted that being " nexted " would become the modern day equivalent to a rite of passage .
But after three days of coding , Ternovskiy introduced his pet project for random video chat to friends , then users of Web forums , and from there things just spiraled .
When the New York Times talked to the 17 year - old Ternovskiy earlier in the month , he confessed that , " Last month I saw 30 million unique visitors come to the Web site and one million new people visit each day .
It continues to multiply and I just could n’t stop it from growing . "
Chatroulette 's astronomical growth , while impressive , tends to be tainted by the prevalence of penises , and other naughty bits , that seem to go unchecked ( there is a " Report " button ) due to anonymity .
But , as is the case when something hits a nerve with the population , Chatroulette has spawned a slew of copycats and one - off apps .
Clearly there 's more to this cultural phenomenon than what initially accosts the eye .
All That Glitters Is Gold
" All that glitters is not gold ... "
Although there 's truth to this Shakespearean phrase , the reality is that when it comes to the Web , the company with its name in lights is the company that most often will prevail .
Look no further than modern day fairy tale of Twitter as proof .
The service was challenged by arguably better competitors in the beginning but it won the battle of attention and it now stands alone .
Chatroulette — the glittering Web property du jour — shines bright amidst a flurry of coverage from print , Web , and broadcast media outlets .
We may think of Jon Stewart 's satirical review of the service as jumping the shark , or the beginning of the end , but it 's really just a sign that Chatroulette has permeated into pop culture .
With upwards of 1.5 million visitors a day , that notion is fast becoming inescapable .
In fact , the 17 year - old youngster from Russia is currently touring the U.S. , entertaining offers from venture capitalists and investment firms .
Ternovskiy 's gone on record to say that investors and buyers are more interested in him then he is in them .
Apparently he could sell for $ 1 million today if he wanted to .
As Ternovskiy contemplates how best to move forward , one thing is becoming increasingly obvious :
The time is ripe for inside and outside bets on Chatroulette 's wheel of opportunity .
This glitter will become gold .
A Hit at Parties Is Still a Hit
Often described as a distraction for college kids , Chatroulette has found an audience because it 's fun — especially at parties .
Much like Rock Band or other group entertainment activities , there 's power in the collective experience .
The guaranteed randomness of Chatroulette , even with the occasional appearance of a penis , is sure to entertain .
Chatroulette does n't need to be serious to succeed .
Just as there 's a monetizable niche for funny cat pictures , so too is there room for a random video chat site .
Lest we forget , those Lolcats generate 8.5 million page views a day , with the Cheezburger Network bringing in " more than seven figures from advertising , licensing feeds , and merchandise sales , " per a Fast Company report last year .
Even if Chatroulette is relegated to the entertainment - only realm of the Web , that could very well be all it needs to continue to thrive .
Promise in Possibility
Okay there are penises .
And plenty of them .
But there 's also Merton using Chatroulette for piano improv , and Ben Fold 's playing live in concert .
It 's the colorful nature of the service 's users and the lure of the unexpected that have helped Chatroulette flourish .
Sure anonymity takes the form of frightening figures from time to time , but there 's promise in the possibility of what the site could become .
Already , Chatroulette is testing custom roulettes which could offer a more structured experience for those with particular interests .
The custom roulettes are auto - generated via subdomains .
If one does n't exist , type it and it will come into being .
So sandiego.chatroulette , sports.chatroulette or ucla.chatroulette could become like Chatroulette rooms offering a little less randomness and experiences more suitable for the squeamish .
Right now you 'll be lucky to find anyone using these custom roulettes , but as site frequenters happen upon the new feature , we 're bound to see this change and become a better way for users to maintain their freedom of expression while having more focused conversations with strangers or neighbors .
For more social media coverage , follow Mashable Social Media on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
Image via Yevgeny Kondakov / Spiegel , Buzzfeed and courtesy of iStockphoto , Irochka_T .
Actor Dermot Mulroney ( R ) and a guest pose at the 2009 Vanity Fair Oscar Party in West Hollywood , California February 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Danny Moloshok
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Dermot Mulroney is NBC ’s new Jim Rockford .
In his first regular TV role , Mulroney is set to play the iconic private eye in the network ’s updated take on the hit 1970s drama that starred James Garner in the title role .
The new Jim Rockford is described as “ slightly crumpled , wry humored , cynical , world weary , compassionate when it ’s called for and easily irritated by morons . ”
His troubled past includes doing some time as a convict and as a cop .
Aside from an arc on NBC’s “ Friends ” in 2003 , “ My Best Friend ’s Wedding ” co-star Mulroney has been focused on features , most recently appearing in “ Burn After Reading . ”
NBC ’s “ Rockford Files ” was written by “ House ” creator David Shore , who is executive producing with Steve Carell .
The full text of the Christina Hoff Sommers article from her book " The War Against Boys : How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men "
http://www.theatlantic.com/cgi-bin/o/issues/2000/05/sommers.htm
The Atlantic Monthly
May 2000 Volume 285 , No. 5 Pages 59 - 74
The War Against Boys
by Christina Hoff Sommers
It 's a bad time to be a boy in America .
The triumphant victory of the U.S. women 's soccer team at the World Cup last summer has come to symbolize the spirit of American girls .
The shooting at Columbine High last spring might be said to symbolize the spirit of American boys .
That boys are in disrepute is not accidental .
For many years women 's groups have complained that boys benefit from a school system that favors them and is biased against girls .
" Schools shortchange girls , " declares the American Association of University Women [ http://www.aauw.org/].
Girls are " undergoing a kind of psychological foot - binding , " two prominent educational psychologists say .
A stream of books and pamphlets cite research showing not only that boys are classroom favorites but also that they are given to schoolyard violence and sexual harassment .
In the view that has prevailed in American education over the past decade , boys are resented , both as the unfairly privileged sex and as obstacles on the path to gender justice for girls .
This perspective is promoted in schools of education , and many a teacher now feels that girls need and deserve special indemnifying consideration .
" It is really clear that boys are Number One in this society and in most of the world , " says Patricia O'Reilly [ http://ucaswww.mcm.uc.edu/womens_studies/faculty/oreilly.html], a professor of education and the director of the Gender Equity Center , at the University of Cincinnati .
The idea that schools and society grind girls down has given rise to an array of laws and policies intended to curtail the advantage boys have and to redress the harm done to girls .
That girls are treated as the second sex in school and consequently suffer , that boys are accorded privileges and consequently benefit -- these are things everyone is presumed to know .
But they are not true .
The research commonly cited to support claims of male privilege and male sinfulness is riddled with errors .
Almost none of it has been published in peer - reviewed professional journals .
Some of the data turn out to be mysteriously missing .
A review of the facts shows boys , not girls , on the weak side of an education gender gap .
The typical boy is a year and a half behind the typical girl in reading and writing ; he is less committed to school and less likely to go to college .
In 1997 college full - time enrollments were 45 percent male and 55 percent female .
The Department of Education predicts that the proportion of boys in college classes will continue to shrink .
Data from the U.S. Department of Education and from several recent university studies show that far from being shy and demoralized , today 's girls outshine boys .
They get better grades .
They have higher educational aspirations .
They follow more - rigorous academic programs and participate in advanced - placement classes at higher rates .
According to the National Center for Education Statistics , slightly more girls than boys enroll in high - level math and science courses .
Girls , allegedly timorous and lacking in confidence , now outnumber boys in student government , in honor societies , on school newspapers , and in debating clubs .
Only in sports are boys ahead , and women 's groups are targeting the sports gap with a vengeance .
Girls read more books .
They outperform boys on tests for artistic and musical ability .
More girls than boys study abroad .
More join the Peace Corps .
At the same time , more boys than girls are suspended from school .
More are held back and more drop out .
Boys are three times as likely to receive a diagnosis of attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder .
More boys than girls are involved in crime , alcohol , and drugs .
Girls attempt suicide more often than boys , but it is boys who more often succeed .
In 1997 , a typical year , 4,483 young people aged five to twenty - four committed suicide : 701 females and 3,782 males .
In the technical language of education experts , girls are academically more " engaged . "
Last year an article in The CQ Researcher about male and female academic achievement described a common parental observation : " Daughters want to please their teachers by spending extra time on projects , doing extra credit , making homework as neat as possible .
Sons rush through homework assignments and run outside to play , unconcerned about how the teacher will regard the sloppy work . "
School engagement is a critical measure of student success .
The U.S. Department of Education gauges student commitment by the following criteria : " How much time do students devote to homework each night ? " and " Do students come to class prepared and ready to learn ?
( Do they bring books and pencils ?
Have they completed their homework ? )
" According to surveys of fourth , eighth , and twelfth graders , girls consistently do more homework than boys .
By the twelfth grade boys are four times as likely as girls not to do homework .
Similarly , more boys than girls report that they " usually " or " often " come to school without supplies or without having done their homework .
The performance gap between boys and girls in high school leads directly to the growing gap between male and female admissions to college .
The Department of Education reports that in 1996 there were 8.4 million women but only 6.7 million men enrolled in college .
It predicts that women will hold on to and increase their lead well into the next decade , and that by 2007 the numbers will be 9.2 million women and 6.9 million men .
Deconstructing the Test - Score Gap
Feminists cannot deny that girls get better grades , are more engaged academically , and are now the majority sex in higher education .
They argue , however , that these advantages are hardly decisive .
Boys , they point out , get higher scores than girls on almost every significant standardized test -- especially the Scholastic Assessment Test and law school , medical school , and graduate school admissions tests .
In 1996 I wrote an article for Education Week [ http://www.edweek.org/ew/1996/38sommer.h15] about the many ways in which girl students were moving ahead of boys .
Seizing on the test - score data that suggest boys are doing better than girls , David Sadker , a professor of education at American University and a co-author with his wife , Myra , of Failing at Fairness : How America 's Schools Cheat Girls ( 1994 ) , wrote , " If females are soaring in school , as Christina Hoff Sommers writes , then these tests are blind to their flight . "
On the 1998 SAT boys were thirty - five points ( out of 800 ) ahead of girls in math and seven points ahead in English .
These results seem to run counter to all other measurements of achievement in school .
In almost all other areas boys lag behind girls .
Why do they test better ?
Is Sadker right in suggesting that this is a manifestation of boys ' privileged status ?
The answer is no .
A careful look at the pool of students who take the SAT and similar tests shows that the girls ' lower scores have little or nothing to do with bias or unfairness .
Indeed , the scores do not even signify lower achievement by girls .
First of all , according to College Bound Seniors [ http://www.collegeboard.org/sat/cbsenior/yr1999/NAT/cbs1999.html], an annual report on standardized - test takers published by the College Board , many more " at risk " girls than " at risk " boys take the SAT -- girls from lower - income homes or with parents who never graduated from high school or never attended college .
" These characteristics , " the report says , " are associated with lower than average SAT scores . "
Instead of wrongly using SAT scores as evidence of bias against girls , scholars should be concerned about the boys who never show up for the tests they need if they are to move on to higher education .
Another factor skews test results so that they appear to favor boys .
Nancy Cole , the president of the Educational Testing Service [ http://www.ets.org/], calls it the " spread " phenomenon .
Scores on almost any intelligence or achievement test are more spread out for boys than for girls -- boys include more prodigies and more students of marginal ability .
Or , as the political scientist James Q. Wilson once put it , " There are more male geniuses and more male idiots . "
Boys also dominate dropout lists , failure lists , and learning - disability lists .
Students in these groups rarely take college - admissions tests .
On the other hand , the exceptional boys who take school seriously show up in disproportionately high numbers for standardized tests .
Gender - equity activists like Sadker ought to apply their logic consistently : if the shortage of girls at the high end of the ability distribution is evidence of unfairness to girls , then the excess of boys at the low end should be deemed evidence of unfairness to boys .
Suppose we were to turn our attention away from the highly motivated , self - selected two fifths of high school students who take the SAT and consider instead a truly representative sample of American schoolchildren .
How would girls and boys then compare ?
Well , we have the answer .
The National Assessment of Educational Progress [ http://nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/site/home.asp], started in 1969 and mandated by Congress , offers the best and most comprehensive measure of achievement among students at all levels of ability .
Under the NAEP program 70,000 to 100,000 students , drawn from forty - four states , are tested in reading , writing , math , and science at ages nine , thirteen , and seventeen .
In 1996 , seventeen - year - old boys outperformed seventeen - year - old girls by five points in math and eight points in science , whereas the girls outperformed the boys by fourteen points in reading and seventeen points in writing .
In the past few years girls have been catching up in math and science while boys have continued to lag far behind in reading and writing .
In the July , 1995 , issue of Science , Larry V. Hedges and Amy Nowell , researchers at the University of Chicago , observed that girls ' deficits in math were small but not insignificant .
These deficits , they noted , could adversely affect the number of women who " excel in scientific and technical occupations .
" Of the deficits in boys ' writing skills they wrote , " The large sex differences in writing ... are alarming ....
The data imply that males are , on average , at a rather profound disadvantage in the performance of this basic skill . "
They went on to warn :
The generally larger numbers of males who perform near the bottom of the distribution in reading comprehension and writing also have policy implications .
It seems likely that individuals with such poor literacy skills will have difficulty finding employment in an increasingly information - driven economy .
Thus , some intervention may be required to enable them to participate constructively .
Hedges and Nowell were describing a serious problem of national scope , but because the focus elsewhere has been on girls ' deficits , few Americans know much about the problem or even suspect that it exists .
Indeed , so accepted has the myth of girls in crisis become that even teachers who work daily with male and female students tend to reflexively dismiss any challenge to the myth , or any evidence pointing to the very real crisis among boys .
Three years ago Scarsdale High School , in New York , held a gender - equity workshop for faculty members .
It was the standard girls - are - being - shortchanged fare , with one notable difference .
A male student gave a presentation in which he pointed to evidence suggesting that girls at Scarsdale High were well ahead of boys .
David Greene , a social - studies teacher , thought the student must be mistaken , but when he and some colleagues analyzed department grading patterns , they discovered that the student was right .
They found little or no difference in the grades of boys and girls in advanced - placement social - studies classes .
But in standard classes the girls were doing a lot better .
And Greene discovered one other thing : few wanted to hear about his startling findings .
Like schools everywhere , Scarsdale High has been strongly influenced by the belief that girls are systematically deprived .
That belief prevails among the school 's gender - equity committee and has led the school to offer a special senior elective on gender equity .
Greene has tried to broach the subject of male underperformance with his colleagues .
Many of them concede that in the classes they teach , the girls seem to be doing better than the boys , but they do not see this as part of a larger pattern .
After so many years of hearing about silenced , diminished girls , teachers do not take seriously the suggestion that boys are not doing as well as girls even if they see it with their own eyes in their own classrooms .
The Incredible Shrinking Girl
OW did we get to this odd place ?
How did we come to believe in a picture of American boys and girls that is the opposite of the truth ?
And why has that belief persisted , enshrined in law , encoded in governmental and school policies , despite overwhelming evidence against it ?
The answer has much to do with one of the American academy 's most celebrated women -- Carol Gilligan , Harvard University 's first professor of gender studies .
Gilligan first came to widespread attention in 1982 , with the publication of In a Different Voice , which this article will discuss shortly .
In 1990 Gilligan announced that America 's adolescent girls were in crisis .
In her words , " As the river of a girl 's life flows into the sea of Western culture , she is in danger of drowning or disappearing . "
Gilligan offered little in the way of conventional evidence to support this alarming finding .
Indeed , it is hard to imagine what sort of empirical research could establish such a large claim .
But she quickly attracted powerful allies .
Within a very short time the allegedly vulnerable and demoralized state of adolescent girls achieved the status of a national emergency .
Popular writers , electrified by Gilligan 's discovery , began to see evidence of the crisis everywhere .
Anna Quindlen , who was then a New York Times columnist , recounted in a 1990 column how Gilligan 's research had cast an ominous shadow on the celebration of her daughter 's second birthday : " My daughter is ready to leap into the world , as though life were chicken soup and she a delighted noodle .
The work of Professor Carol Gilligan of Harvard suggests that some time after the age of 11 this will change , that even this lively little girl will pull back [ and ] shrink . "
A number of popular books soon materialized , including Myra and David Sadker 's Failing at Fairness and Peggy Orenstein 's Schoolgirls : Young Women , Self - Esteem , and the Confidence Gap ( 1994 ) .
Elizabeth Gleick wrote in Time in 1996 on a new trend in literary victimology : " Dozens of troubled teenage girls troop across [ the ] pages : composite sketches of Charlottes , Whitneys and Danielles who were raped , who have bulimia , who have pierced bodies or shaved heads , who are coping with strict religious families or are felled by their parents ' bitter divorce . "
The country 's adolescent girls were both pitied and exalted .
The novelist Carolyn See wrote in The Washington Post in 1994 , " The most heroic , fearless , graceful , tortured human beings in this land must be girls from the ages of 12 to 15 . "
In the same vein , the Sadkers , in Failing at Fairness , predicted the fate of a lively six - year - old on top of a playground slide : " There she stood on her sturdy legs , with her head thrown back and her arms flung wide .
As ruler of the playground , she was at the very zenith of her world .
" But all would soon change : " If the camera had photographed the girl ... at twelve instead of six ... she would have been looking at the ground instead of the sky ; her sense of self - worth would have been an accelerating downward spiral . "
A picture of confused and forlorn girls struggling to survive would be drawn again and again , with added details and increasing urgency .
Mary Pipher , a clinical psychologist , wrote in Reviving Ophelia ( 1994 ) , by far the most successful of the girls - in - crisis books , " Something dramatic happens to girls in early adolescence .
Just as planes and ships disappear mysteriously into the Bermuda Triangle , so do the selves of girls go down in droves .
They crash and burn . "
The description of America 's teenage girls as silenced , tortured , and otherwise personally diminished was ( and is ) indeed dismaying .
But no real evidence has ever been offered to support it .
Certainly neither Gilligan nor the popular writers who followed her lead produced anything like solid empirical evidence , gathered according to the conventional protocols of social - science research .
Scholars who do abide by those protocols describe adolescent girls in far more optimistic terms .
Anne Petersen , a former professor of adolescent development and pediatrics at the University of Minnesota and now a senior vice - president of the W. K. Kellogg Foundation , reports the consensus of researchers working in adolescent psychology : " It is now known that the majority of adolescents of both genders successfully negotiate this developmental period without any major psychological or emotional disorder , develop a positive sense of personal identity , and manage to forge adaptive peer relationships with their families . "
Daniel Offer , a professor of psychiatry at Northwestern , concurs .
He refers to a " new generation of studies " that find 80 percent of adolescents to be normal and well adjusted .
At the time that Gilligan was declaring her crisis , a study conducted by the University of Michigan asked a scientifically selected sample of 3,000 high school seniors , " Taking all things together , how would you say things are these days -- would you say you 're very happy , pretty happy , or not too happy these days ? "
Nearly 86 percent of the girls and 88 percent of the boys responded that they were " pretty happy " or " very happy . "
If the girls polled were caught in " an accelerating downward spiral , " they were unaware of it .
Contrary to the story told by Gilligan and her followers , American girls were flourishing in unprecedented ways by the early 1990s .
To be sure , some -- including many who found themselves in the offices of clinical psychologists -- felt they were crashing and drowning in the sea of Western culture .
But the vast majority were occupied in more - constructive ways , moving ahead of boys in the primary and secondary grades , applying to college in record numbers , filling challenging academic classes , joining sports teams , and generally enjoying more freedom and opportunities than any other young women in history .
The great discrepancy between what Gilligan says she discovered about adolescent girls and what numerous other scientists say they have learned raises obvious questions about the quality of Gilligan 's research .
And these questions loom larger the more one examines Gilligan 's methods .
Carol Gilligan is a much - celebrated figure .
Journalists routinely cite her research on the distinctive moral psychology of women .
She was Ms. magazine 's Woman of the Year in 1984 , and Time put her on its short list of most - influential Americans in 1996 .
In 1997 she received the $ 250,000 Heinz Award for " transform[ing ] the paradigm for what it means to be human . "
Such a transformation would certainly be a feat .
At the very least , it would require a great deal of empirical supporting evidence .
Most of Gilligan 's published research , however , consists of anecdotes based on a small number of interviews .
Her data are otherwise unavailable for review , giving rise to some reasonable doubts about their merits and persuasiveness .
In a Different Voice offered the provocative thesis that men and women have distinctly different ways of dealing with moral quandaries .
Relying on data from three studies she had conducted , Gilligan found that women tend to be more caring , less competitive , and less abstract than men ; they speak " in a different voice . "
Women approach moral questions by applying an " ethic of care . "
In contrast , men approach moral issues by applying rules and abstract principles ; theirs is an " ethic of justice . "
Gilligan argued further that women 's moral style had been insufficiently studied by professional psychologists .
She complained that the entire fields of psychology and moral philosophy had been built on studies that excluded women .
In a Different Voice was an instant success .
It sold more than 600,000 copies and was translated into nine languages .
A reviewer at Vogue explained its appeal : " [ Gilligan ] flips old prejudices against women on their ears .
She reframes qualities regarded as women 's weaknesses and shows them to be human strengths .
It is impossible to consider [ her ] ideas without having your estimation of women rise . "
The book received a mixed reaction from feminists .
Some -- such as the philosophers Virginia Held and Sara Ruddick , and those in various fields who would come to be known as " difference feminists " -- were tantalized by the idea that women were different from , and quite probably better than , men .
But other academic feminists attacked Gilligan for reinforcing stereotypes about women as nurturers and caretakers .
Many academic psychologists , feminist and nonfeminist alike , found Gilligan 's specific claims about distinct male and female moral orientations unpersuasive and ungrounded in empirical data .
Lawrence Walker , of the University of British Columbia , has reviewed 108 studies of sex differences in solving moral problems .
He concluded in a 1984 review article in Child Development that " sex differences in moral reasoning in late adolescence and youth are rare . "
In 1987 three psychologists at Oberlin College attempted to test Gilligan 's hypothesis : they administered a moral - reasoning test to 101 male and female students and concluded , " There were no reliable sex differences ... in the directions predicted by Gilligan . "
Concurring with Walker , the Oberlin researchers pointed out that " Gilligan failed to provide acceptable empirical support for her model . "
The thesis of In a Different Voice is based on three studies Gilligan conducted : the " college student study , " the " abortion decision study , " and the " rights and responsibilities study . "
Here is how Gilligan described the last :
This study involved a sample of males and females matched for age , intelligence , education , occupation , and social class at nine points across the life cycle : ages 6 - 9 , 11 , 15 , 19 , 22 , 25 - 27 , 35 , 45 , and 60 .
From a total sample of 144 ( 8 males and 8 females at each age ) , including a more intensively interviewed subsample of 36 ( 2 males and 2 females at each age ) , data were collected on conceptions of self and morality , experiences of moral conflicts and choice , and judgments of hypothetical moral dilemmas .
This description is all we ever learn about the mechanics of the study , which seems to have no proper name ; it was never published , never peer - reviewed .
It was , in any case , very small in scope and in number of subjects .
And the data are tantalizingly inaccessible .
In September of 1998 my research assistant , Elizabeth Bowen , called Gilligan 's office and asked where she could find copies of the three studies that were the basis for In a Different Voice .
Gilligan 's assistant , Tatiana Bertsch , told her that they were unavailable , and not in the public domain ; because of the sensitivity of the data ( especially the abortion study ) , the information had been kept confidential .
Asked where the studies were now kept , Bertsch explained that the original data were being prepared to be placed in a Harvard library : " They are physically in the office .
We are in the process of sending them to the archives at the Murray Center . "
In October of 1998 Hugh Liebert , a sophomore at Harvard who had been my research assistant the previous summer , spoke to Bertsch .
She told him that the data would not be available until the end of the academic year , adding , " They have been kept secret because the issues [ raised in the study ] are so sensitive . "
She suggested that he check back occasionally .
He tried again in March .
This time she informed him , " They will not be available anytime soon . "
Last September , Liebert tried one more time .
He sent an email message directly to Gilligan , but Bertsch sent back the reply .
None of the In a Different Voice studies have been published .
We are in the process of donating the college student study to the Murray Research Center at Radcliffe [ http://www.radcliffe.edu/murray/], but that will not be completed for another year , probably .
At this point Professor Gilligan has no immediate plans of donating the abortion or the rights and responsibilities studies .
Sorry that none of what you are interested in is available .
Brendan Maher is a professor emeritus at Harvard University and a former chairman of the psychology department .
I told him about the inaccessibility of Gilligan 's data and the explanation that their sensitive nature precluded public dissemination .
He laughed and said , " It would be extraordinary to say [ that one 's data ] are too sensitive for others to see . "
He pointed out that there are standard methods for handling confidential materials in research .
Names are left out but raw scores are reported , " so others can see if they can replicate your study . "
A researcher must also disclose how subjects were chosen , how interviews were recorded , and the method by which meaning was derived from the data .
Politics Dressed Up as Science
Gilligan 's ideas about demoralized teenage girls had a special resonance with women 's groups that were already committed to the proposition that our society is unsympathetic to women .
The interest of the venerable and politically influential American Association of University Women , in particular , was piqued .
Its officers were reported to be " intrigued and alarmed " by Gilligan 's research .
They wanted to know more .
In 1990 The New York Times Sunday Magazine published an admiring profile of Gilligan that heralded the discovery of a hidden crisis among the nation 's girls .
Soon after , the AAUW commissioned a study from the polling firm Greenberg - Lake .
The pollsters asked 3,000 children ( 2,400 girls and 600 boys in grades four through ten ) about their self - perceptions .
In 1991 the association announced the disturbing results , in a report titled Shortchanging Girls , Shortchanging America : " Girls aged eight and nine are confident , assertive , and feel authoritative about themselves .
Yet most emerge from adolescence with a poor self - image , constrained views of their future and their place in society , and much less confidence about themselves and their abilities . "
Anne Bryant , the executive director of the AAUW and an expert in public relations , organized a media campaign to spread the word that " an unacknowledged American tragedy " had been uncovered .
Newspapers and magazines around the country carried reports that girls were being adversely affected by gender bias that eroded their self - esteem .
Sharon Schuster , at the time the president of the AAUW , candidly explained to The New York Times why the association had undertaken the research in the first place : " We wanted to put some factual data behind our belief that girls are getting shortchanged in the classroom . "
As the AAUW 's self - esteem study was making headlines , a little - known magazine called Science News , which has been supplying information on scientific and technical developments to interested newspapers since 1922 , reported the skeptical reaction of leading specialists on adolescent development .
The late Roberta Simmons , a professor of sociology at the University of Pittsburgh ( described by Science News as " director of the most ambitious longitudinal study of adolescent self - esteem to date " ) , said that her research showed nothing like the substantial gender gap described by the AAUW .
According to Simmons , " Most kids come through the years from 10 to 20 without major problems and with an increasing sense of self - esteem . "
But the doubts of Simmons and several other prominent experts were not reported in the hundreds of news stories that the Greenberg - Lake study generated .
The AAUW quickly commissioned a second study , How Schools Shortchange Girls .
This one , conducted by the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women and released in 1992 , focused on the alleged effects of sexism on girls ' school performance .
It asserted that schools deflate girls ' self - esteem by " systematically cheating girls of classroom attention .
" Such bias leads to lower aspirations and impaired academic achievement .
Carol Gilligan 's crisis was being transformed into a civil - rights issue : girls were the victims of widespread sex discrimination .
" The implications are clear , " the AAUW said .
" The system must change . "
With great fanfare How Schools Shortchange Girls was released to the remarkably uncritical media .
A 1992 article for The New York Times by Susan Chira was typical of coverage throughout the country .
The headline read " Bias Against Girls is Found Rife in Schools , With Lasting Damage . "
The piece was later reproduced by the AAUW and sent out as part of a fundraising package .
Chira had not interviewed a single critic of the study .
In March of last year I called Chira and asked about the way she had handled the AAUW study .
I asked if she would write her article the same way today .
No , she said , pointing out that we have since learned much more about boys ' problems in school .
Why had she not canvassed dissenting opinions ?
She explained that she had been traveling when the AAUW study came out , and was on a short deadline .
Yes , perhaps she had relied too much on the AAUW 's report .
She had tried to reach Diane Ravitch , who had then been the former U.S. assistant secretary of education and was a known critic of women 's - advocacy findings , but without success .
Six years after the release of How Schools Shortchange Girls , The New York Times ran a story that raised questions about its validity .
This time the reporter , Tamar Lewin , did reach Diane Ravitch , who told her , " That [ 1992 ] AAUW report was just completely wrong .
What was so bizarre is that it came out right at the time that girls had just overtaken boys in almost every area .
It might have been the right story twenty years earlier , but coming out when it did , it was like calling a wedding a funeral ....
There were all these special programs put in place for girls , and no one paid any attention to boys . "
One of the many things about which the report was wrong was the famous " call - out " gap .
According to the AAUW , " In a study conducted by the Sadkers , boys in elementary and middle school called out answers eight times more often than girls .
When boys called out , teachers listened .
But when girls called out , they were told ' raise your hand if you want to speak . ' "
But the Sadker study turns out to be missing -- and meaningless , to boot .
In 1994 Amy Saltzman , of U.S. News & World Report , asked David Sadker for a copy of the research backing up the eight - to - one call - out claim .
Sadker said that he had presented the findings in an unpublished paper at a symposium sponsored by the American Educational Research Association ; neither he nor the AERA had a copy .
Sadker conceded to Saltzman that the ratio may have been inaccurate .
Indeed , Saltzman cited an independent study by Gail Jones , an associate professor of education at the University of North Carolina , at Chapel Hill , which found that boys called out only twice as often as girls .
Whatever the accurate number is , no one has shown that permitting a student to call out answers in the classroom confers any kind of academic advantage .
What does confer advantage is a student 's attentiveness .
Boys are less attentive -- which could explain why some teachers might call on them more or be more tolerant of call - outs .
Despite the errors , the campaign to persuade the public that girls were being diminished personally and academically was a spectacular success .
The Sadkers described an exultant Anne Bryant , of the AAUW , telling her friends , " I remember going to bed the night our report was issued , totally exhilarated .
When I woke up the next morning , the first thought in my mind was , ' Oh , my God , what do we do next ? ' "
Political action came next , and here , too , girls ' advocates were successful .
Categorizing girls as an " under - served population " on a par with other discriminated - against minorities , Congress passed the Gender Equity in Education Act in 1994 .
Millions of dollars in grants were awarded to study the plight of girls and to learn how to counter bias against them .
At the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women , in Beijing in 1995 , members of the U.S. delegation presented the educational and psychological deficits of American girls as a human - rights issue .
The Myth Unraveling
By the late 1990s the myth of the downtrodden girl was showing some signs of unraveling , and concern over boys was growing .
In 1997 the Public Education Network ( PEN ) [ http://www.penpress.org/] announced at its annual conference the results of a new teacher - student survey titled The American Teacher 1997 : Examining Gender Issues in Public Schools .
The survey was funded by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and conducted by Louis Harris and Associates .
During a three - month period in 1997 various questions about gender equity were asked of 1,306 students and 1,035 teachers in grades seven through twelve .
The MetLife study had no doctrinal ax to grind .
What it found contradicted most of the findings of the AAUW , the Sadkers , and the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women : " Contrary to the commonly held view that boys are at an advantage over girls in school , girls appear to have an advantage over boys in terms of their future plans , teachers ' expectations , everyday experiences at school and interactions in the classroom . "
Some other conclusions from the MetLife study : Girls are more likely than boys to see themselves as college - bound and more likely to want a good education .
Furthermore , more boys ( 31 percent ) than girls ( 19 percent ) feel that teachers do not listen to what they have to say .
At the PEN conference , Nancy Leffert , a child psychologist then at the Search Institute [ http://www.search-institute.org/], in Minneapolis , reported the results of a survey that she and colleagues had recently completed of more than 99,000 children in grades six through twelve .
The children were asked about what the researchers call " developmental assets . "
The Search Institute has identified forty critical assets -- " building blocks for healthy development . "
Half of these are external , such as a supportive family and adult role models , and half are internal , such as motivation to achieve , a sense of purpose in life , and interpersonal confidence .
Leffert explained , somewhat apologetically , that girls were ahead of boys with respect to thirty - seven out of forty assets .
By almost every significant measure of well - being girls had the better of boys : they felt closer to their families ; they had higher aspirations , stronger connections to school , and even superior assertiveness skills .
Leffert concluded her talk by saying that in the past she had referred to girls as fragile or vulnerable , but that the survey " tells me that girls have very powerful assets . "
The Horatio Alger Association [ http://www.horatioalger.com/], a fifty - year - old organization devoted to promoting and affirming individual initiative and " the American dream , " releases annual back - to - school surveys .
Its survey for 1998 contrasted two groups of students : the " highly successful " ( approximately 18 percent of American students ) and the " disillusioned " ( approximately 15 percent ) .
The successful students work hard , choose challenging classes , make schoolwork a top priority , get good grades , participate in extracurricular activities , and feel that teachers and administrators care about them and listen to them .
According to the association , the successful group in the 1998 survey is 63 percent female and 37 percent male .
The disillusioned students are pessimistic about their future , get low grades , and have little contact with teachers .
The disillusioned group could accurately be characterized as demoralized .
According to the Alger Association , " Nearly seven out of ten are male . "
In the spring of 1998 Judith Kleinfeld , a psychologist at the University of Alaska , published a thorough critique of the research on schoolgirls titled " The Myth That Schools Shortchange Girls : Social Science in the Service of Deception . "
[ http://www.deltabravo.net/files/myth.pdf]
Kleinfeld exposed a number of errors in the AAUW / Wellesley Center study , concluding that it was " politics dressed up as science . "
Kleinfeld 's report prompted several publications , including The New York Times and Education Week , to take a second look at claims that girls were in a tragic state .
The AAUW did not adequately respond to any of Kleinfeld 's substantive objections ; instead its current president , Maggie Ford , complained in the New York Times letters column that Kleinfeld was " reducing the problems of our children to this petty ' who is worse off , boys or girls ? ' [ which ] gets us nowhere . ' "
From the leader of an organization that spent nearly a decade ceaselessly promoting the proposition that American girls are being " shortchanged , " this comment is rather remarkable .
Boys and Their Mothers
Growing evidence that the scales are tipped not against girls but against boys is beginning to inspire a quiet revisionism .
Some educators will admit that boys are on the wrong side of the gender gap .
In 1998 I met the president of the Board of Education of Atlanta .
Who is faring better in Atlanta 's schools , boys or girls ?
I asked .
" Girls , " he replied , without hesitation .
In what areas ?
I asked .
" Just about any area you mention . "
A high school principal from Pennsylvania says of his school , " Students who dominate the dropout list , the suspension list , the failure list , and other negative indices of nonachievement in school are males by a wide margin . "
Carol Gilligan , too , has begun to give boys some attention .
In 1995 she and her colleagues at the Harvard University School of Education inaugurated " The Harvard Project on Women 's Psychology , Boys ' Development and the Culture of Manhood . "
Within a year Gilligan was announcing the existence of a crisis among boys that was as bad as or worse than the one afflicting girls .
" Girls ' psychological development in patriarchy involves a process of eclipse that is even more total for boys , " she wrote in a 1996 article titled " The Centrality of Relationship in Human Development . "
Gilligan claimed to have discovered " a startling pattern of developmental asymmetry " : girls undergo trauma as they enter adolescence , whereas for boys the period of crisis is early childhood .
Boys aged three to seven are pressured to " take into themselves the structure or moral order of a patriarchal civilization : to internalize a patriarchal voice . "
This masculinizing process is traumatic and damaging .
" At this age , " Gilligan told The Boston Globe in 1996 , " boys show a high incidence of depression , out - of - control behavior , learning disorders , even allergies and stuttering . "
One can welcome Gilligan 's acceptance of the fact that boys , too , have problems while remaining deeply skeptical of her ideas about their source .
Gilligan's theory about boys ' development includes three hypothetical claims :
1 ) Boys are being deformed and made sick by a traumatic , forced separation from their mothers .
2 ) Seemingly healthy boys are cut off from their own feelings and damaged in their capacity to develop healthy relationships .
3 ) The well - being of society may depend on freeing boys from " cultures that value or valorize heroism , honor , war , and competition -- the culture of warriors , the economy of capitalism . "
Let us consider each proposition in turn .
According to Gilligan , boys are at special risk in early childhood ; they suffer " more stuttering , more bedwetting , more learning problems ... when cultural norms pressure them to separate from their mothers . "
( Sometimes she adds allergies , attention - deficit disorder , and attempted suicide to the list . )
She does not cite any pediatric research to support her theory about the origins of these various early - childhood disorders .
Does a study exist , for example , showing that boys who remain intimately bonded with their mothers are less likely to develop allergies or wet their beds ?
Gilligan 's assertion that the " pressure of cultural norms " causes boys to separate from their mothers and thus generates a host of early disorders has not been tested empirically .
Nor does Gilligan offer any indication of how it could be tested .
She does not seem to feel that her assertions need empirical confirmation .
She is confident that boys need to be protected from the culture -- a culture in which manhood valorizes war and the economy of capitalism , a culture that desensitizes boys and , by submerging their humanity , is the root cause of " out - of - control and out - of - touch behavior " and is the ultimate source of war and other violence committed by men .
But are boys aggressive and violent because they are psychically separated from their mothers ?
Thirty years of research suggests that the absence of the male parent is more likely to be the problem .
The boys who are most at risk for juvenile delinquency and violence are boys who are physically separated from their fathers .
The U.S. Bureau of the Census reports that in 1960 children living with their mother but not their father numbered 5.1 million ; by 1996 the number was more than 16 million .
As the phenomenon of fatherlessness has increased , so has violence .
As far back as 1965 Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan called attention to the social dangers of raising boys without benefit of a paternal presence .
He wrote in a 1965 study for the Labor Department , " A community that allows a large number of young men to grow up in broken families , dominated by women , never acquiring any stable relationship to male authority , never acquiring any rational expectations about the future -- that community asks for and gets chaos . "
The sociologist David Blankenhorn , in Fatherless America ( 1995 ) , wrote , " Despite the difficulty of proving causation in the social sciences , the weight of evidence increasingly supports the conclusion that fatherlessness is a primary generator of violence among young men . "
William Galston , a former domestic - policy adviser in the Clinton Administration who is now at the University of Maryland , and his colleague Elaine Kamarck , now at Harvard , concur .
Commenting on the relationship between crime and one - parent families , they wrote in a 1990 institute report , " The relationship is so strong that controlling for family configuration erases the relationship between race and crime and between low income and crime .
This conclusion shows up time and again in the literature . "
Oblivious of all the factual evidence that paternal separation causes aberrant behavior in boys , Carol Gilligan calls for a fundamental change in child rearing that would keep boys in a more sensitive relationship with their feminine side .
We need to free young men from a destructive culture of manhood that " impedes their capacity to feel their own and other people 's hurt , to know their own and other 's sadness , " she writes .
Since the pathology , as she has diagnosed it , is presumably universal , the cure must be radical .
We must change the very nature of childhood : we must find ways to keep boys bonded to their mothers .
We must undercut the system of socialization that is so " essential to the perpetuation of patriarchal societies . "
Gilligan 's views are attractive to many of those who believe that boys could profit by being more sensitive and empathetic .
But anyone thinking to enlist in Gilligan 's project of getting boys in touch with their inner nurturer would do well to note that her central thesis -- that boys are being imprisoned by conventional ideas of masculinity -- is not a scientific hypothesis .
Nor , it seems , does Gilligan regard it in this light , for she presents no data to support it .
It is , in fact , an extravagant piece of speculation of the kind that would not be taken seriously in most professional departments of psychology .
On a less academic plane Gilligan 's proposed reformation seems to challenge common sense .
It is obvious that a boy wants his father to help him become a young man , and belonging to the culture of manhood is important to almost every boy .
To impugn his desire to become " one of the boys " is to deny that a boy 's biology determines much of what he prefers and is attracted to .
Unfortunately , by denying the nature of boys , education theorists can cause them much misery .
Gilligan talks of radically reforming " the fundamental structure of authority " by making changes that will free boys from the stereotypes that bind them .
But in what sense are American boys unfree ?
Was the young Mark Twain or the young Teddy Roosevelt enslaved by conventional modes of boyhood ?
Is the average Little Leaguer or Cub Scout defective in the ways Gilligan suggests ?
In practice , getting boys to be more like girls means getting them to stop segregating themselves into all - male groups .
That 's the darker , coercive side of the project to " free " boys from their masculine straitjackets .
It is certainly true that a small subset of male children are , as Gilligan argues , desensitized and cut off from feelings of tenderness and care .
But these boys are not representative of their sex .
Gilligan speaks of boys in general as " hiding their humanity , " showing a capacity to " hurt without feeling hurt . "
This , she maintains , is a more or less universal condition that exists because the vast majority of boys are forced into separation from their nurturers .
But the idea that boys are abnormally insensitive flies in the face of everyday experience .
Boys are competitive and often aggressive , yes ; but anyone in close contact with them -- parents , grandparents , teachers , coaches , friends -- gets daily proof of their humanity , loyalty , and compassion .
Gilligan appears to be making the same mistake with boys that she made with girls -- she observes a few children and interprets their problems as indicative of a deep and general malaise caused by the way our society imposes gender stereotypes .
The pressure to conform to these stereotypes , she believes , has impaired , distressed , and deformed the members of both sexes by the time they are adolescents .
In fact -- with the important exception of boys whose fathers are absent and who get their concept of maleness from peer groups -- most boys are not violent .
Most are not unfeeling or antisocial .
They are just boys -- and being a boy is not in itself a failing .
Does Gilligan actually understand boys ?
Does she empathize with them ?
Is she free of the misandry that infects so many gender theorists who never stop blaming the " male culture " for all social and psychological ills ?
Nothing we have seen or heard offers the slightest reassurance that Gilligan and her followers are wise enough or objective enough to be trusted with devising new ways of socializing boys .
Every society confronts the problem of civilizing its young males .
The traditional approach is through character education : Develop the young man 's sense of honor .
Help him become a considerate , conscientious human being .
Turn him into a gentleman .
This approach respects boys ' masculine nature ; it is time - tested , and it works .
Even today , despite several decades of moral confusion , most young men understand the term " gentleman " and approve of the ideals it connotes .
What Gilligan and her followers are proposing is quite different : civilize boys by diminishing their masculinity .
" Raise boys like we raise girls " is Gloria Steinem 's advice .
This approach is deeply disrespectful of boys .
It is meddlesome , abusive , and quite beyond what educators in a free society are mandated to do .
Did anything of value come out of the manufactured crisis of diminished girls ?
Yes , a bit .
Parents , teachers , and administrators now pay more attention to girls ' deficits in math and science , and they offer more support for girls ' participation in sports .
But who is to say that these benefits outweigh the disservice done by promulgating the myth of the incredible shrinking girl or presenting boys as the unfairly favored sex ?
A boy today , through no fault of his own , finds himself implicated in the social crime of shortchanging girls .
Yet the allegedly silenced and neglected girl sitting next to him is likely to be the superior student .
She is probably more articulate , more mature , more engaged , and more well - balanced .
The boy may be aware that she is more likely to go on to college .
He may believe that teachers prefer to be around girls and pay more attention to them .
At the same time , he is uncomfortably aware that he is considered to be a member of the favored and dominant gender .
The widening gender gap in academic achievement is real .
It threatens the future of millions of American boys .
Boys do not need to be rescued from their masculinity .
But they are not getting the help they need .
In the climate of disapproval in which boys now exist , programs designed to aid them have a very low priority .
This must change .
We should repudiate the partisanship that currently clouds the issues surrounding sex differences in the schools .
We should call for balance , objective information , fair treatment , and a concerted national effort to get boys back on track .
That means we can no longer allow the partisans of girls to write the rules .
Christina Hoff Sommers is the W. H. Brady Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute .
---------------------------------
From the archives :
" The Trouble With Single - Sex Schools , " by Wendy Kaminer ( April , 1998 ) All - female schools are " models of equivocation , " the author , a Smith graduate , writes .
They " reinforce regressive notions of sex difference " while at the same time helping women into the professions .
http://www.theatlantic.com/issues/98apr/singsex.htm
Related links :
" Where the Boys Are , " by Christina Hoff Sommers ( November 9 , 1998 ) A lecture delivered at the American Enterprise Institute .
http://www.aei.org/bradley/bl110998.htm
" A Feminist on the Outs , " by Barbara Ehrenreich ( August 1 , 1994 ) " Christina Hoff Sommers ' book irks her ideological kin by attacking their excesses and downplaying the downtrodden fate of women . "
An article in Time Magazine .
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/archive/1994/940801/940801.ideas.html
" The Girls of Gen X , " by Barbara Dafoe Whitehead and Christina Hoff Sommers Whitehead and Sommers take opposing sides on the question of the welfare of young women today .
Posted by The American Enterprise Institute .
http://www.theamericanenterprise.org/taejf98i.htm
" Beyond Title IX : Gender Equity Issues in Schools " ( 1993 ) A document prepared by a group of feminist organizations ( with a grant from the Department of Education ) , " to provide an overview of key gender equity issues [ from gender bias to sexual harassment ] which schools are encountering today . "
http://www.maec.org/beyond.html
" Girls are Beneficiaries of Gender Gap , " by Diane Ravitch ( December 17 , 1998 ) " Some of us grew up with the image of reporters as tough - minded skeptics .
Yet there were no tough - minded reporters in sight in 1992 , when the American Association of University Women released its report ' How Schools Shortchange Girls . ' "
A Wall Street Journal article posted by the Brookings Institution .
http://www.brook.edu/views/op-ed/ravitch/19981217.htm
----------------------------------------
Commentary from Edward Bartlett :
Some thoughts on Christina Hoff Sommers ' provocatively titled article , " The War Against Boys , " which is the cover piece for this month 's Atlantic Monthly .
Definitely a worthwhile read .
Much of Sommers ' critique is directed at Carol Gilligan , who wrote In a Different Voice in 1990 .
This book eventually gave rise to hundreds of media stories deploring the nation 's treatment of girls .
Unfortunately , Gilligan 's book is based largely on three studies that were never subjected to peer review or published in scientific journal .
In fact , she refused to release her data files to researchers , citing " confidentiality " concerns .
Sommers takes particular exception to Gillian 's 1996 article , " The Centrality of Relationship in Human Development , " in which she argued that boys are pressured to " take into themselves the structure or moral order of a patriarchal civilization : to internalize a patriarchal voice . "
The implications of Gilligan 's statement : that boys should spend less time with their fathers into order that they be socialized more by their mothers .
Sommers concludes with this bombshell , " Does Gilligan actually understand boys ?
Does she empathize with them ?
Is she free of the misandry that infects so many gender theorists who never stop blaming the ' male culture ' for all social and psychological ills ? "
This we think we know : American schools favor boys and grind down girls .
The truth is the very opposite .
By virtually every measure , girls are thriving in school ; it is boys who are the second sex .
It 's a bad time to be a boy in America .
The triumphant victory of the U.S. women 's soccer team at the World Cup last summer has come to symbolize the spirit of American girls .
The shooting at Columbine High last spring might be said to symbolize the spirit of American boys .
That boys are in disrepute is not accidental .
For many years women 's groups have complained that boys benefit from a school system that favors them and is biased against girls .
" Schools shortchange girls , " declares the American Association of University Women [ http://www.aauw.org/].
Girls are " undergoing a kind of psychological foot - binding , " two prominent educational psychologists say .
A stream of books and pamphlets cite research showing not only that boys are classroom favorites but also that they are given to schoolyard violence and sexual harassment .
In the view that has prevailed in American education over the past decade , boys are resented , both as the unfairly privileged sex and as obstacles on the path to gender justice for girls .
This perspective is promoted in schools of education , and many a teacher now feels that girls need and deserve special indemnifying consideration .
" It is really clear that boys are Number One in this society and in most of the world , " says Patricia O'Reilly [ http://ucaswww.mcm.uc.edu/womens_studies/faculty/oreilly.html], a professor of education and the director of the Gender Equity Center , at the University of Cincinnati .
The idea that schools and society grind girls down has given rise to an array of laws and policies intended to curtail the advantage boys have and to redress the harm done to girls .
That girls are treated as the second sex in school and consequently suffer , that boys are accorded privileges and consequently benefit -- these are things everyone is presumed to know .
But they are not true .
The research commonly cited to support claims of male privilege and male sinfulness is riddled with errors .
Almost none of it has been published in peer - reviewed professional journals .
Some of the data turn out to be mysteriously missing .
A review of the facts shows boys , not girls , on the weak side of an education gender gap .
The typical boy is a year and a half behind the typical girl in reading and writing ; he is less committed to school and less likely to go to college .
In 1997 college full - time enrollments were 45 percent male and 55 percent female .
The Department of Education predicts that the proportion of boys in college classes will continue to shrink .
Data from the U.S. Department of Education and from several recent university studies show that far from being shy and demoralized , today 's girls outshine boys .
They get better grades .
They have higher educational aspirations .
They follow more - rigorous academic programs and participate in advanced - placement classes at higher rates .
According to the National Center for Education Statistics , slightly more girls than boys enroll in high - level math and science courses .
Girls , allegedly timorous and lacking in confidence , now outnumber boys in student government , in honor societies , on school newspapers , and in debating clubs .
Only in sports are boys ahead , and women 's groups are targeting the sports gap with a vengeance .
Girls read more books .
They outperform boys on tests for artistic and musical ability .
More girls than boys study abroad .
More join the Peace Corps .
At the same time , more boys than girls are suspended from school .
More are held back and more drop out .
Boys are three times as likely to receive a diagnosis of attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder .
More boys than girls are involved in crime , alcohol , and drugs .
Girls attempt suicide more often than boys , but it is boys who more often succeed .
In 1997 , a typical year , 4,483 young people aged five to twenty - four committed suicide : 701 females and 3,782 males .
In the technical language of education experts , girls are academically more " engaged . "
Last year an article in The CQ Researcher about male and female academic achievement described a common parental observation : " Daughters want to please their teachers by spending extra time on projects , doing extra credit , making homework as neat as possible .
Sons rush through homework assignments and run outside to play , unconcerned about how the teacher will regard the sloppy work .
" School engagement is a critical measure of student success .
The U.S. Department of Education gauges student commitment by the following criteria : " How much time do students devote to homework each night ? " and " Do students come to class prepared and ready to learn ?
( Do they bring books and pencils ?
Have they completed their homework ? )
" According to surveys of fourth , eighth , and twelfth graders , girls consistently do more homework than boys .
By the twelfth grade boys are four times as likely as girls not to do homework .
Similarly , more boys than girls report that they " usually " or " often " come to school without supplies or without having done their homework .
The performance gap between boys and girls in high school leads directly to the growing gap between male and female admissions to college .
The Department of Education reports that in 1996 there were 8.4 million women but only 6.7 million men enrolled in college .
It predicts that women will hold on to and increase their lead well into the next decade , and that by 2007 the numbers will be 9.2 million women and 6.9 million men .
Deconstructing the Test - Score GapFeminists cannot deny that girls get better grades , are more engaged academically , and are now the majority sex in higher education .
They argue , however , that these advantages are hardly decisive .
Boys , they point out , get higher scores than girls on almost every significant standardized test -- especially the Scholastic Assessment Test and law school , medical school , and graduate school admissions tests .
In 1996 I wrote an article for Education Week [ http://www.edweek.org/ew/1996/38sommer.h15] about the many ways in which girl students were moving ahead of boys .
Seizing on the test - score data that suggest boys are doing better than girls , David Sadker , a professor of education at American University and a co-author with his wife , Myra , of Failing at Fairness : How America 's Schools Cheat Girls ( 1994 ) , wrote , " If females are soaring in school , as Christina Hoff Sommers writes , then these tests are blind to their flight . "
On the 1998 SAT boys were thirty - five points ( out of 800 ) ahead of girls in math and seven points ahead in English .
These results seem to run counter to all other measurements of achievement in school .
In almost all other areas boys lag behind girls .
Why do they test better ?
Is Sadker right in suggesting that this is a manifestation of boys ' privileged status ?
The answer is no .
A careful look at the pool of students who take the SAT and similar tests shows that the girls ' lower scores have little or nothing to do with bias or unfairness .
Indeed , the scores do not even signify lower achievement by girls .
First of all , according to College Bound Seniors [ http://www.collegeboard.org/sat/cbsenior/yr1999/NAT/cbs1999.html], an annual report on standardized - test takers published by the College Board , many more " at risk " girls than " at risk " boys take the SAT -- girls from lower - income homes or with parents who never graduated from high school or never attended college .
" These characteristics , " the report says , " are associated with lower than average SAT scores . "
Instead of wrongly using SAT scores as evidence of bias against girls , scholars should be concerned about the boys who never show up for the tests they need if they are to move on to higher education .
Another factor skews test results so that they appear to favor boys .
Nancy Cole , the president of the Educational Testing Service [ http://www.ets.org/], calls it the " spread " phenomenon .
Scores on almost any intelligence or achievement test are more spread out for boys than for girls -- boys include more prodigies and more students of marginal ability .
Or , as the political scientist James Q. Wilson once put it , " There are more male geniuses and more male idiots .
" Boys also dominate dropout lists , failure lists , and learning - disability lists .
Students in these groups rarely take college - admissions tests .
On the other hand , the exceptional boys who take school seriously show up in disproportionately high numbers for standardized tests .
Gender - equity activists like Sadker ought to apply their logic consistently : if the shortage of girls at the high end of the ability distribution is evidence of unfairness to girls , then the excess of boys at the low end should be deemed evidence of unfairness to boys .
Suppose we were to turn our attention away from the highly motivated , self - selected two fifths of high school students who take the SAT and consider instead a truly representative sample of American schoolchildren .
How would girls and boys then compare ?
Well , we have the answer .
The National Assessment of Educational Progress [ http://nces.ed.gov/nationsreportcard/site/home.asp], started in 1969 and mandated by Congress , offers the best and most comprehensive measure of achievement among students at all levels of ability .
Under the NAEP program 70,000 to 100,000 students , drawn from forty - four states , are tested in reading , writing , math , and science at ages nine , thirteen , and seventeen .
In 1996 , seventeen - year - old boys outperformed seventeen - year - old girls by five points in math and eight points in science , whereas the girls outperformed the boys by fourteen points in reading and seventeen points in writing .
In the past few years girls have been catching up in math and science while boys have continued to lag far behind in reading and writing .
In the July , 1995 , issue of Science , Larry V. Hedges and Amy Nowell , researchers at the University of Chicago , observed that girls ' deficits in math were small but not insignificant .
These deficits , they noted , could adversely affect the number of women who " excel in scientific and technical occupations .
" Of the deficits in boys ' writing skills they wrote , " The large sex differences in writing ... are alarming ....
The data imply that males are , on average , at a rather profound disadvantage in the performance of this basic skill . "
They went on to warn :
The generally larger numbers of males who perform near the bottom of the distribution in reading comprehension and writing also have policy implications .
It seems likely that individuals with such poor literacy skills will have difficulty finding employment in an increasingly information - driven economy .
Thus , some intervention may be required to enable them to participate constructively .
Hedges and Nowell were describing a serious problem of national scope , but because the focus elsewhere has been on girls ' deficits , few Americans know much about the problem or even suspect that it exists .
Indeed , so accepted has the myth of girls in crisis become that even teachers who work daily with male and female students tend to reflexively dismiss any challenge to the myth , or any evidence pointing to the very real crisis among boys .
Three years ago Scarsdale High School , in New York , held a gender - equity workshop for faculty members .
It was the standard girls - are - being - shortchanged fare , with one notable difference .
A male student gave a presentation in which he pointed to evidence suggesting that girls at Scarsdale High were well ahead of boys .
David Greene , a social - studies teacher , thought the student must be mistaken , but when he and some colleagues analyzed department grading patterns , they discovered that the student was right .
They found little or no difference in the grades of boys and girls in advanced - placement social - studies classes .
But in standard classes the girls were doing a lot better .
And Greene discovered one other thing : few wanted to hear about his startling findings .
Like schools everywhere , Scarsdale High has been strongly influenced by the belief that girls are systematically deprived .
That belief prevails among the school 's gender - equity committee and has led the school to offer a special senior elective on gender equity .
Greene has tried to broach the subject of male underperformance with his colleagues .
Many of them concede that in the classes they teach , the girls seem to be doing better than the boys , but they do not see this as part of a larger pattern .
After so many years of hearing about silenced , diminished girls , teachers do not take seriously the suggestion that boys are not doing as well as girls even if they see it with their own eyes in their own classrooms .
The Incredible Shrinking GirlOW did we get to this odd place ?
How did we come to believe in a picture of American boys and girls that is the opposite of the truth ?
And why has that belief persisted , enshrined in law , encoded in governmental and school policies , despite overwhelming evidence against it ?
The answer has much to do with one of the American academy 's most celebrated women -- Carol Gilligan , Harvard University 's first professor of gender studies .
Gilligan first came to widespread attention in 1982 , with the publication of In a Different Voice , which this article will discuss shortly .
In 1990 Gilligan announced that America 's adolescent girls were in crisis .
In her words , " As the river of a girl 's life flows into the sea of Western culture , she is in danger of drowning or disappearing . "
Gilligan offered little in the way of conventional evidence to support this alarming finding .
Indeed , it is hard to imagine what sort of empirical research could establish such a large claim .
But she quickly attracted powerful allies .
Within a very short time the allegedly vulnerable and demoralized state of adolescent girls achieved the status of a national emergency .
Popular writers , electrified by Gilligan 's discovery , began to see evidence of the crisis everywhere .
Anna Quindlen , who was then a New York Times columnist , recounted in a 1990 column how Gilligan 's research had cast an ominous shadow on the celebration of her daughter 's second birthday : " My daughter is ready to leap into the world , as though life were chicken soup and she a delighted noodle .
The work of Professor Carol Gilligan of Harvard suggests that some time after the age of 11 this will change , that even this lively little girl will pull back [ and ] shrink .
" A number of popular books soon materialized , including Myra and David Sadker 's Failing at Fairness and Peggy Orenstein 's Schoolgirls : Young Women , Self - Esteem , and the Confidence Gap ( 1994 ) .
Elizabeth Gleick wrote in Time in 1996 on a new trend in literary victimology : " Dozens of troubled teenage girls troop across [ the ] pages : composite sketches of Charlottes , Whitneys and Danielles who were raped , who have bulimia , who have pierced bodies or shaved heads , who are coping with strict religious families or are felled by their parents ' bitter divorce .
"
The country 's adolescent girls were both pitied and exalted .
The novelist Carolyn See wrote in The Washington Post in 1994 , " The most heroic , fearless , graceful , tortured human beings in this land must be girls from the ages of 12 to 15 . "
In the same vein , the Sadkers , in Failing at Fairness , predicted the fate of a lively six - year - old on top of a playground slide : " There she stood on her sturdy legs , with her head thrown back and her arms flung wide .
As ruler of the playground , she was at the very zenith of her world .
" But all would soon change : " If the camera had photographed the girl ... at twelve instead of six ... she would have been looking at the ground instead of the sky ; her sense of self - worth would have been an accelerating downward spiral .
" A picture of confused and forlorn girls struggling to survive would be drawn again and again , with added details and increasing urgency .
Mary Pipher , a clinical psychologist , wrote in Reviving Ophelia ( 1994 ) , by far the most successful of the girls - in - crisis books , " Something dramatic happens to girls in early adolescence .
Just as planes and ships disappear mysteriously into the Bermuda Triangle , so do the selves of girls go down in droves .
They crash and burn .
" The description of America 's teenage girls as silenced , tortured , and otherwise personally diminished was ( and is ) indeed dismaying .
But no real evidence has ever been offered to support it .
Certainly neither Gilligan nor the popular writers who followed her lead produced anything like solid empirical evidence , gathered according to the conventional protocols of social - science research .
Scholars who do abide by those protocols describe adolescent girls in far more optimistic terms .
Anne Petersen , a former professor of adolescent development and pediatrics at the University of Minnesota and now a senior vice - president of the W. K. Kellogg Foundation , reports the consensus of researchers working in adolescent psychology : " It is now known that the majority of adolescents of both genders successfully negotiate this developmental period without any major psychological or emotional disorder , develop a positive sense of personal identity , and manage to forge adaptive peer relationships with their families . "
Daniel Offer , a professor of psychiatry at Northwestern , concurs .
He refers to a " new generation of studies " that find 80 percent of adolescents to be normal and well adjusted .
At the time that Gilligan was declaring her crisis , a study conducted by the University of Michigan asked a scientifically selected sample of 3,000 high school seniors , " Taking all things together , how would you say things are these days -- would you say you 're very happy , pretty happy , or not too happy these days ? "
Nearly 86 percent of the girls and 88 percent of the boys responded that they were " pretty happy " or " very happy . "
If the girls polled were caught in " an accelerating downward spiral , " they were unaware of it .
Contrary to the story told by Gilligan and her followers , American girls were flourishing in unprecedented ways by the early 1990s .
To be sure , some -- including many who found themselves in the offices of clinical psychologists -- felt they were crashing and drowning in the sea of Western culture .
But the vast majority were occupied in more - constructive ways , moving ahead of boys in the primary and secondary grades , applying to college in record numbers , filling challenging academic classes , joining sports teams , and generally enjoying more freedom and opportunities than any other young women in history .
The great discrepancy between what Gilligan says she discovered about adolescent girls and what numerous other scientists say they have learned raises obvious questions about the quality of Gilligan 's research .
And these questions loom larger the more one examines Gilligan 's methods .
Carol Gilligan is a much - celebrated figure .
Journalists routinely cite her research on the distinctive moral psychology of women .
She was Ms. magazine 's Woman of the Year in 1984 , and Time put her on its short list of most - influential Americans in 1996 .
In 1997 she received the $ 250,000 Heinz Award for " transform[ing ] the paradigm for what it means to be human . "
Such a transformation would certainly be a feat .
At the very least , it would require a great deal of empirical supporting evidence .
Most of Gilligan 's published research , however , consists of anecdotes based on a small number of interviews .
Her data are otherwise unavailable for review , giving rise to some reasonable doubts about their merits and persuasiveness .
In a Different Voice offered the provocative thesis that men and women have distinctly different ways of dealing with moral quandaries .
Relying on data from three studies she had conducted , Gilligan found that women tend to be more caring , less competitive , and less abstract than men ; they speak " in a different voice . "
Women approach moral questions by applying an " ethic of care . "
In contrast , men approach moral issues by applying rules and abstract principles ; theirs is an " ethic of justice . "
Gilligan argued further that women 's moral style had been insufficiently studied by professional psychologists .
She complained that the entire fields of psychology and moral philosophy had been built on studies that excluded women .
In a Different Voice was an instant success .
It sold more than 600,000 copies and was translated into nine languages .
A reviewer at Vogue explained its appeal : " [ Gilligan ] flips old prejudices against women on their ears .
She reframes qualities regarded as women 's weaknesses and shows them to be human strengths .
It is impossible to consider [ her ] ideas without having your estimation of women rise .
" The book received a mixed reaction from feminists .
Some -- such as the philosophers Virginia Held and Sara Ruddick , and those in various fields who would come to be known as " difference feminists " -- were tantalized by the idea that women were different from , and quite probably better than , men .
But other academic feminists attacked Gilligan for reinforcing stereotypes about women as nurturers and caretakers .
Many academic psychologists , feminist and nonfeminist alike , found Gilligan 's specific claims about distinct male and female moral orientations unpersuasive and ungrounded in empirical data .
Lawrence Walker , of the University of British Columbia , has reviewed 108 studies of sex differences in solving moral problems .
He concluded in a 1984 review article in Child Development that " sex differences in moral reasoning in late adolescence and youth are rare . "
In 1987 three psychologists at Oberlin College attempted to test Gilligan 's hypothesis : they administered a moral - reasoning test to 101 male and female students and concluded , " There were no reliable sex differences ... in the directions predicted by Gilligan . "
Concurring with Walker , the Oberlin researchers pointed out that " Gilligan failed to provide acceptable empirical support for her model .
" The thesis of In a Different Voice is based on three studies Gilligan conducted : the " college student study , " the " abortion decision study , " and the " rights and responsibilities study . "
Here is how Gilligan described the last :
This study involved a sample of males and females matched for age , intelligence , education , occupation , and social class at nine points across the life cycle : ages 6 - 9 , 11 , 15 , 19 , 22 , 25 - 27 , 35 , 45 , and 60 .
From a total sample of 144 ( 8 males and 8 females at each age ) , including a more intensively interviewed subsample of 36 ( 2 males and 2 females at each age ) , data were collected on conceptions of self and morality , experiences of moral conflicts and choice , and judgments of hypothetical moral dilemmas .
This description is all we ever learn about the mechanics of the study , which seems to have no proper name ; it was never published , never peer - reviewed .
It was , in any case , very small in scope and in number of subjects .
And the data are tantalizingly inaccessible .
In September of 1998 my research assistant , Elizabeth Bowen , called Gilligan 's office and asked where she could find copies of the three studies that were the basis for In a Different Voice .
Gilligan 's assistant , Tatiana Bertsch , told her that they were unavailable , and not in the public domain ; because of the sensitivity of the data ( especially the abortion study ) , the information had been kept confidential .
Asked where the studies were now kept , Bertsch explained that the original data were being prepared to be placed in a Harvard library : " They are physically in the office .
We are in the process of sending them to the archives at the Murray Center .
"
In October of 1998 Hugh Liebert , a sophomore at Harvard who had been my research assistant the previous summer , spoke to Bertsch .
She told him that the data would not be available until the end of the academic year , adding , " They have been kept secret because the issues [ raised in the study ] are so sensitive . "
She suggested that he check back occasionally .
He tried again in March .
This time she informed him , " They will not be available anytime soon .
" Last September , Liebert tried one more time .
He sent an email message directly to Gilligan , but Bertsch sent back the reply .
None of the In a Different Voice studies have been published .
We are in the process of donating the college student study to the Murray Research Center at Radcliffe [ http://www.radcliffe.edu/murray/], but that will not be completed for another year , probably .
At this point Professor Gilligan has no immediate plans of donating the abortion or the rights and responsibilities studies .
Sorry that none of what you are interested in is available .
Brendan Maher is a professor emeritus at Harvard University and a former chairman of the psychology department .
I told him about the inaccessibility of Gilligan 's data and the explanation that their sensitive nature precluded public dissemination .
He laughed and said , " It would be extraordinary to say [ that one 's data ] are too sensitive for others to see . "
He pointed out that there are standard methods for handling confidential materials in research .
Names are left out but raw scores are reported , " so others can see if they can replicate your study . "
A researcher must also disclose how subjects were chosen , how interviews were recorded , and the method by which meaning was derived from the data .
Politics Dressed Up as ScienceGilligan 's ideas about demoralized teenage girls had a special resonance with women 's groups that were already committed to the proposition that our society is unsympathetic to women .
The interest of the venerable and politically influential American Association of University Women , in particular , was piqued .
Its officers were reported to be " intrigued and alarmed " by Gilligan 's research .
They wanted to know more .
In 1990 The New York Times Sunday Magazine published an admiring profile of Gilligan that heralded the discovery of a hidden crisis among the nation 's girls .
Soon after , the AAUW commissioned a study from the polling firm Greenberg - Lake .
The pollsters asked 3,000 children ( 2,400 girls and 600 boys in grades four through ten ) about their self - perceptions .
In 1991 the association announced the disturbing results , in a report titled Shortchanging Girls , Shortchanging America : " Girls aged eight and nine are confident , assertive , and feel authoritative about themselves .
Yet most emerge from adolescence with a poor self - image , constrained views of their future and their place in society , and much less confidence about themselves and their abilities . "
Anne Bryant , the executive director of the AAUW and an expert in public relations , organized a media campaign to spread the word that " an unacknowledged American tragedy " had been uncovered .
Newspapers and magazines around the country carried reports that girls were being adversely affected by gender bias that eroded their self - esteem .
Sharon Schuster , at the time the president of the AAUW , candidly explained to The New York Times why the association had undertaken the research in the first place : " We wanted to put some factual data behind our belief that girls are getting shortchanged in the classroom .
"
As the AAUW 's self - esteem study was making headlines , a little - known magazine called Science News , which has been supplying information on scientific and technical developments to interested newspapers since 1922 , reported the skeptical reaction of leading specialists on adolescent development .
The late Roberta Simmons , a professor of sociology at the University of Pittsburgh ( described by Science News as " director of the most ambitious longitudinal study of adolescent self - esteem to date " ) , said that her research showed nothing like the substantial gender gap described by the AAUW .
According to Simmons , " Most kids come through the years from 10 to 20 without major problems and with an increasing sense of self - esteem . "
But the doubts of Simmons and several other prominent experts were not reported in the hundreds of news stories that the Greenberg - Lake study generated .
The AAUW quickly commissioned a second study , How Schools Shortchange Girls .
This one , conducted by the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women and released in 1992 , focused on the alleged effects of sexism on girls ' school performance .
It asserted that schools deflate girls ' self - esteem by " systematically cheating girls of classroom attention .
" Such bias leads to lower aspirations and impaired academic achievement .
Carol Gilligan 's crisis was being transformed into a civil - rights issue : girls were the victims of widespread sex discrimination .
" The implications are clear , " the AAUW said .
" The system must change .
" With great fanfare How Schools Shortchange Girls was released to the remarkably uncritical media .
A 1992 article for The New York Times by Susan Chira was typical of coverage throughout the country .
The headline read " Bias Against Girls is Found Rife in Schools , With Lasting Damage . "
The piece was later reproduced by the AAUW and sent out as part of a fundraising package .
Chira had not interviewed a single critic of the study .
In March of last year I called Chira and asked about the way she had handled the AAUW study .
I asked if she would write her article the same way today .
No , she said , pointing out that we have since learned much more about boys ' problems in school .
Why had she not canvassed dissenting opinions ?
She explained that she had been traveling when the AAUW study came out , and was on a short deadline .
Yes , perhaps she had relied too much on the AAUW 's report .
She had tried to reach Diane Ravitch , who had then been the former U.S. assistant secretary of education and was a known critic of women 's - advocacy findings , but without success .
Six years after the release of How Schools Shortchange Girls , The New York Times ran a story that raised questions about its validity .
This time the reporter , Tamar Lewin , did reach Diane Ravitch , who told her , " That [ 1992 ] AAUW report was just completely wrong .
What was so bizarre is that it came out right at the time that girls had just overtaken boys in almost every area .
It might have been the right story twenty years earlier , but coming out when it did , it was like calling a wedding a funeral ....
There were all these special programs put in place for girls , and no one paid any attention to boys .
" One of the many things about which the report was wrong was the famous " call - out " gap .
According to the AAUW , " In a study conducted by the Sadkers , boys in elementary and middle school called out answers eight times more often than girls .
When boys called out , teachers listened .
But when girls called out , they were told ' raise your hand if you want to speak . '" But the Sadker study turns out to be missing -- and meaningless , to boot .
In 1994 Amy Saltzman , of U.S. News & World Report , asked David Sadker for a copy of the research backing up the eight - to - one call - out claim .
Sadker said that he had presented the findings in an unpublished paper at a symposium sponsored by the American Educational Research Association ; neither he nor the AERA had a copy .
Sadker conceded to Saltzman that the ratio may have been inaccurate .
Indeed , Saltzman cited an independent study by Gail Jones , an associate professor of education at the University of North Carolina , at Chapel Hill , which found that boys called out only twice as often as girls .
Whatever the accurate number is , no one has shown that permitting a student to call out answers in the classroom confers any kind of academic advantage .
What does confer advantage is a student 's attentiveness .
Boys are less attentive -- which could explain why some teachers might call on them more or be more tolerant of call - outs .
Despite the errors , the campaign to persuade the public that girls were being diminished personally and academically was a spectacular success .
The Sadkers described an exultant Anne Bryant , of the AAUW , telling her friends , " I remember going to bed the night our report was issued , totally exhilarated .
When I woke up the next morning , the first thought in my mind was , ' Oh , my God , what do we do next ? ' "
Political action came next , and here , too , girls ' advocates were successful .
Categorizing girls as an " under - served population " on a par with other discriminated - against minorities , Congress passed the Gender Equity in Education Act in 1994 .
Millions of dollars in grants were awarded to study the plight of girls and to learn how to counter bias against them .
At the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women , in Beijing in 1995 , members of the U.S. delegation presented the educational and psychological deficits of American girls as a human - rights issue .
The Myth Unraveling
By the late 1990s the myth of the downtrodden girl was showing some signs of unraveling , and concern over boys was growing .
In 1997 the Public Education Network ( PEN ) [ http://www.penpress.org/] announced at its annual conference the results of a new teacher - student survey titled The American Teacher 1997 : Examining Gender Issues in Public Schools .
The survey was funded by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and conducted by Louis Harris and Associates .
During a three - month period in 1997 various questions about gender equity were asked of 1,306 students and 1,035 teachers in grades seven through twelve .
The MetLife study had no doctrinal ax to grind .
What it found contradicted most of the findings of the AAUW , the Sadkers , and the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women : " Contrary to the commonly held view that boys are at an advantage over girls in school , girls appear to have an advantage over boys in terms of their future plans , teachers ' expectations , everyday experiences at school and interactions in the classroom .
" Some other conclusions from the MetLife study : Girls are more likely than boys to see themselves as college - bound and more likely to want a good education .
Furthermore , more boys ( 31 percent ) than girls ( 19 percent ) feel that teachers do not listen to what they have to say .
At the PEN conference , Nancy Leffert , a child psychologist then at the Search Institute [ http://www.search-institute.org/], in Minneapolis , reported the results of a survey that she and colleagues had recently completed of more than 99,000 children in grades six through twelve .
The children were asked about what the researchers call " developmental assets . "
The Search Institute has identified forty critical assets -- " building blocks for healthy development . "
Half of these are external , such as a supportive family and adult role models , and half are internal , such as motivation to achieve , a sense of purpose in life , and interpersonal confidence .
Leffert explained , somewhat apologetically , that girls were ahead of boys with respect to thirty - seven out of forty assets .
By almost every significant measure of well - being girls had the better of boys : they felt closer to their families ; they had higher aspirations , stronger connections to school , and even superior assertiveness skills .
Leffert concluded her talk by saying that in the past she had referred to girls as fragile or vulnerable , but that the survey " tells me that girls have very powerful assets .
" The Horatio Alger Association [ http://www.horatioalger.com/], a fifty - year - old organization devoted to promoting and affirming individual initiative and " the American dream , " releases annual back - to - school surveys .
Its survey for 1998 contrasted two groups of students : the " highly successful " ( approximately 18 percent of American students ) and the " disillusioned " ( approximately 15 percent ) .
The successful students work hard , choose challenging classes , make schoolwork a top priority , get good grades , participate in extracurricular activities , and feel that teachers and administrators care about them and listen to them .
According to the association , the successful group in the 1998 survey is 63 percent female and 37 percent male .
The disillusioned students are pessimistic about their future , get low grades , and have little contact with teachers .
The disillusioned group could accurately be characterized as demoralized .
According to the Alger Association , " Nearly seven out of ten are male .
"
In the spring of 1998 Judith Kleinfeld , a psychologist at the University of Alaska , published a thorough critique of the research on schoolgirls titled " The Myth That Schools Shortchange Girls : Social Science in the Service of Deception . "
[ http://www.deltabravo.net/files/myth.pdf]
Kleinfeld exposed a number of errors in the AAUW / Wellesley Center study , concluding that it was " politics dressed up as science . "
Kleinfeld 's report prompted several publications , including The New York Times and Education Week , to take a second look at claims that girls were in a tragic state .
The AAUW did not adequately respond to any of Kleinfeld 's substantive objections ; instead its current president , Maggie Ford , complained in the New York Times letters column that Kleinfeld was " reducing the problems of our children to this petty ' who is worse off , boys or girls ? ' [ which ] gets us nowhere . ' "
From the leader of an organization that spent nearly a decade ceaselessly promoting the proposition that American girls are being " shortchanged , " this comment is rather remarkable .
Boys and Their MothersGrowing evidence that the scales are tipped not against girls but against boys is beginning to inspire a quiet revisionism .
Some educators will admit that boys are on the wrong side of the gender gap .
In 1998 I met the president of the Board of Education of Atlanta .
Who is faring better in Atlanta 's schools , boys or girls ?
I asked .
" Girls , " he replied , without hesitation .
In what areas ?
I asked .
" Just about any area you mention . "
A high school principal from Pennsylvania says of his school , " Students who dominate the dropout list , the suspension list , the failure list , and other negative indices of nonachievement in school are males by a wide margin .
" Carol Gilligan , too , has begun to give boys some attention .
In 1995 she and her colleagues at the Harvard University School of Education inaugurated " The Harvard Project on Women 's Psychology , Boys ' Development and the Culture of Manhood . "
Within a year Gilligan was announcing the existence of a crisis among boys that was as bad as or worse than the one afflicting girls .
" Girls ' psychological development in patriarchy involves a process of eclipse that is even more total for boys , " she wrote in a 1996 article titled " The Centrality of Relationship in Human Development .
" Gilligan claimed to have discovered " a startling pattern of developmental asymmetry " : girls undergo trauma as they enter adolescence , whereas for boys the period of crisis is early childhood .
Boys aged three to seven are pressured to " take into themselves the structure or moral order of a patriarchal civilization : to internalize a patriarchal voice . "
This masculinizing process is traumatic and damaging .
" At this age , " Gilligan told The Boston Globe in 1996 , " boys show a high incidence of depression , out - of - control behavior , learning disorders , even allergies and stuttering .
" One can welcome Gilligan 's acceptance of the fact that boys , too , have problems while remaining deeply skeptical of her ideas about their source .
Gilligan's theory about boys ' development includes three hypothetical claims :
1 ) Boys are being deformed and made sick by a traumatic , forced separation from their mothers .
2 ) Seemingly healthy boys are cut off from their own feelings and damaged in their capacity to develop healthy relationships .
3 ) The well - being of society may depend on freeing boys from " cultures that value or valorize heroism , honor , war , and competition -- the culture of warriors , the economy of capitalism . "
Let us consider each proposition in turn .
According to Gilligan , boys are at special risk in early childhood ; they suffer " more stuttering , more bedwetting , more learning problems ... when cultural norms pressure them to separate from their mothers . "
( Sometimes she adds allergies , attention - deficit disorder , and attempted suicide to the list . )
She does not cite any pediatric research to support her theory about the origins of these various early - childhood disorders .
Does a study exist , for example , showing that boys who remain intimately bonded with their mothers are less likely to develop allergies or wet their beds ?
Gilligan 's assertion that the " pressure of cultural norms " causes boys to separate from their mothers and thus generates a host of early disorders has not been tested empirically .
Nor does Gilligan offer any indication of how it could be tested .
She does not seem to feel that her assertions need empirical confirmation .
She is confident that boys need to be protected from the culture -- a culture in which manhood valorizes war and the economy of capitalism , a culture that desensitizes boys and , by submerging their humanity , is the root cause of " out - of - control and out - of - touch behavior " and is the ultimate source of war and other violence committed by men .
But are boys aggressive and violent because they are psychically separated from their mothers ?
Thirty years of research suggests that the absence of the male parent is more likely to be the problem .
The boys who are most at risk for juvenile delinquency and violence are boys who are physically separated from their fathers .
The U.S. Bureau of the Census reports that in 1960 children living with their mother but not their father numbered 5.1 million ; by 1996 the number was more than 16 million .
As the phenomenon of fatherlessness has increased , so has violence .
As far back as 1965 Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan called attention to the social dangers of raising boys without benefit of a paternal presence .
He wrote in a 1965 study for the Labor Department , " A community that allows a large number of young men to grow up in broken families , dominated by women , never acquiring any stable relationship to male authority , never acquiring any rational expectations about the future -- that community asks for and gets chaos .
" The sociologist David Blankenhorn , in Fatherless America ( 1995 ) , wrote , " Despite the difficulty of proving causation in the social sciences , the weight of evidence increasingly supports the conclusion that fatherlessness is a primary generator of violence among young men . "
William Galston , a former domestic - policy adviser in the Clinton Administration who is now at the University of Maryland , and his colleague Elaine Kamarck , now at Harvard , concur .
Commenting on the relationship between crime and one - parent families , they wrote in a 1990 institute report , " The relationship is so strong that controlling for family configuration erases the relationship between race and crime and between low income and crime .
This conclusion shows up time and again in the literature .
" Oblivious of all the factual evidence that paternal separation causes aberrant behavior in boys , Carol Gilligan calls for a fundamental change in child rearing that would keep boys in a more sensitive relationship with their feminine side .
We need to free young men from a destructive culture of manhood that " impedes their capacity to feel their own and other people 's hurt , to know their own and other 's sadness , " she writes .
Since the pathology , as she has diagnosed it , is presumably universal , the cure must be radical .
We must change the very nature of childhood : we must find ways to keep boys bonded to their mothers .
We must undercut the system of socialization that is so " essential to the perpetuation of patriarchal societies .
" Gilligan 's views are attractive to many of those who believe that boys could profit by being more sensitive and empathetic .
But anyone thinking to enlist in Gilligan 's project of getting boys in touch with their inner nurturer would do well to note that her central thesis -- that boys are being imprisoned by conventional ideas of masculinity -- is not a scientific hypothesis .
Nor , it seems , does Gilligan regard it in this light , for she presents no data to support it .
It is , in fact , an extravagant piece of speculation of the kind that would not be taken seriously in most professional departments of psychology .
On a less academic plane Gilligan 's proposed reformation seems to challenge common sense .
It is obvious that a boy wants his father to help him become a young man , and belonging to the culture of manhood is important to almost every boy .
To impugn his desire to become " one of the boys " is to deny that a boy 's biology determines much of what he prefers and is attracted to .
Unfortunately , by denying the nature of boys , education theorists can cause them much misery .
Gilligan talks of radically reforming " the fundamental structure of authority " by making changes that will free boys from the stereotypes that bind them .
But in what sense are American boys unfree ?
Was the young Mark Twain or the young Teddy Roosevelt enslaved by conventional modes of boyhood ?
Is the average Little Leaguer or Cub Scout defective in the ways Gilligan suggests ?
In practice , getting boys to be more like girls means getting them to stop segregating themselves into all - male groups .
That 's the darker , coercive side of the project to " free " boys from their masculine straitjackets .
It is certainly true that a small subset of male children are , as Gilligan argues , desensitized and cut off from feelings of tenderness and care .
But these boys are not representative of their sex .
Gilligan speaks of boys in general as " hiding their humanity , " showing a capacity to " hurt without feeling hurt . "
This , she maintains , is a more or less universal condition that exists because the vast majority of boys are forced into separation from their nurturers .
But the idea that boys are abnormally insensitive flies in the face of everyday experience .
Boys are competitive and often aggressive , yes ; but anyone in close contact with them -- parents , grandparents , teachers , coaches , friends -- gets daily proof of their humanity , loyalty , and compassion .
Gilligan appears to be making the same mistake with boys that she made with girls -- she observes a few children and interprets their problems as indicative of a deep and general malaise caused by the way our society imposes gender stereotypes .
The pressure to conform to these stereotypes , she believes , has impaired , distressed , and deformed the members of both sexes by
Everybody knows
Google is one of the net 's big kids , but how big is it exactly ?
Well , as Arbor Networks measures it , if Google were an ISP , it would be the third largest in the world and the fastest growing – if you are measuring the amount of traffic passed from its network to another .
Arbor sells network - control and monitoring equipment to the net 's biggest ISPs and networks , and knows as much about global network traffic as anyone .
Now much of that traffic comes from YouTube , since a three - minute video is the traffic equivalent of thousands of pages of search results – but that 's still a staggering number for a single company .
Moreover , Google has a dual strategy for moving away from paying top - level internet transit providers to serve as the middleman between its servers and the world 's consumer ISPs .
Now , more than half of its transit traffic is sent to those networks through direct peering relationships , according to the data ISPs provide Arbor Networks anonymously .
Moreover , Google has been deploying banks of servers inside those same networks , so traffic to Google 's servers never has to leave an ISP , cutting down on lag time and transit costs .
Arbor estimates that more than half of the ISPs in Europe and North America are home to a bank of servers known as a Google Global Cache .
So where does this all fit with Google 's prominent announcement that it will test out a residential network that will bring internet connections of 1 Gbps to hundreds of thousands of people 's homes ?
Well , it 's unlikely that Google will want to become a full - on ISP , but the changes and innovation Google is showing highlights just how important net transit is to its business .
What should frighten the world 's current ISPs is that Google 's plans call for working with a community to build infrastructure on which any company can sell internet services , so long as they pay a fair rate to use the infrastructure .
If Google can come up with a partnering model that costs them little or uses a revolving fund , they could create a workable model for communities to get beyond reliance on companies like Verizon and Comcast .
Using some of Google 's cash , a lot of its know - how and citizen dissatisfaction with the current costs of not very fast broadband , municipalities could forge a viable alternative to the current system of begging and pleading for telecoms to lay fiber in their areas .
Certainly , Google has the motivation and a pocket full of cash .
It 's just a question of whether its innovation in transit can extend from its current efforts to rework how its packets get to consumers to remaking how networks are owned and built .
Someone needs to do something about $ 30 a month 1.5 - Mbps DSL lines , and if the national broadband plan is n't going to do it , it might as well be Google .
Graphs courtesy of Arbor Networks ; Google Cache page from a Google presentation .
See Also :
You know the drill .
Every 14th of February you get the chance to display your fondness for a significant other by showering her with gifts , flowers , dinner , shows and any other baubles that women find romantic .
Every Valentines day you rack your brains for that one special , unique gift that will show your wife or girlfriend that you really do care for them more than any other .
Now ladies , I 'll let you in on a little secret ; guys really do n't enjoy this that much .
Sure seeing that smile on your face when we get it right is priceless , but that smile is the result of weeks of blood , sweat and consideration .
Another secret ; guys feel left out .
That 's right , there 's no special holiday for the ladies to show their appreciation for the men in their life .
Men as a whole are either too proud or too embarrassed to admit it .
Which is why a new holiday has been created .
March 14th is now officially " Steak and Blowjob Day " .
Simple , effective and self explanatory , this holiday has been created so you ladies finally have a day to show your man how much you care for him .
No cards , no flowers , no special nights on the town ; the name of the holiday explains it all , just a steak and a BJ .
Thats it .
Finally , this twin pair of Valentine 's Day and Steak and Blowjob Day will usher in a new age of love as men everywhere try THAT much harder in February to ensure a memorable March 14th !
The word is already beginning to spread , but as with any new idea , it needs a little push to start the ball rolling .
So spread the word , and help bring love and peace to this crazy world .
And , of course , steak and BJ's .
Steak and BJ Day was founded by Tom Birdsey of Maryland
Today , the Washington Post has a series of op - eds on the repeal of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell .
Most of them are very supportive of the repeal .
It ’s pretty much a no - brainer at this point for most observers , but not all .
First , there ’s this key public opinion research from Scott Keeter at Pew :
Support for allowing gays to serve openly in the military has been stable for several years and is significantly higher in many polls than it was when President Bill Clinton raised the issue in the 1990s .
When the Pew Research Center asked about this issue last March , we found 59 percent saying they favored “ allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military . ”
Just 32 percent were opposed , and only 13 percent were strongly opposed .
A recent poll by Fox News found a similar result among registered voters ( 61 percent in favor ) .
Underlying this trend has been a broad shift in public attitudes about homosexuality more generally , a shift driven by generational change .
So , how does D.C. consultant Douglas Schoen interpret this info ?
He thinks repeal of DADT will hurt the Democrats politically because it ’s a gay issue :
The Obama administration ’s decision to repeal “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” may well be the right decision morally , ethically and militarily .
But it could have a dramatic and deleterious impact on Democratic fortunes in November .
Despite the fact that military leaders such as Joint Chiefs Chairman Michael Mullen and former Joint Chiefs chairman John Shalikashvili have endorsed the repeal , the American people have not fully done so .
The results of referendums in California and Maine and recent votes in the New York and New Jersey legislatures demonstrate quite clearly that mass opinion has not changed as dramatically as elite opinion apparently has on the role of gays in our society .
Where to begin ?
Schoen seems to think the Democrats will lose Congress if DADT is repealed .
In the Doug Schoen ’s world , doing something because it ’s the right thing to do for moral , ethical and military reason is n’t enough .
Are n’t you glad to know he advises Democratic candidates ?
And , Schoen has melded marriage into repeal of DADT — the votes in the states he mentions were on MARRIAGE , not Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell — as if those issues are the same .
Even the most hard core LGBT activists know that ’s not the case .
Marriage polls significantly less than DADT .
Schoen epitomizes what ’s wrong with the D.C. consulting class .
So many of the professional Democrats in DC , like Schoen , do n’t understand that people expect politicians to do what they said they ’d do — and that repeal of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell has broad support .
Unfortunately , there ’s something especially insidious about Schoen ’s piece , which is why I ’m writing about it .
There are some people in the White House and on Capitol Hill who are very happy to see the views in Schoen ’s column .
Because this kind of thinking is pervasive among people who we think are on our side .
I call it Political Homophobia .
Barack Obama ran for President stating unequivocally that he ’d repeal Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell .
That might not matter to Schoen and some of Obama ’s staffers at the White House , but it matters to a lot us .
We ’re still naive enough to think that campaign promises matter .
There are very serious political consequences for not repealing DADT , but Schoen and his ilk do n’t get that .
The problems the Democrats are having with the electorate are n’t related to not acting on LGBT issues .
But , not acting on LGBT issues symbolizes the problem with the current state of the Democratic Party .
There ’s a lack of leadership at the White House on a wide range of issues — and there ’s no clear strategy or messaging coming from the brain trust over there .
Now , we ’ve got a leading Democratic consultant warning the White House and Democrats about taking action on DADT because of the potential political ramifications .
In fact , the failure to repeal DADT after Obama has stated that he intends to do it will make the President look ineffective .
It ’s not 1993 .
But , clearly , political homophobia is alive and well in the Democratic Party .
If Democrats wo n’t deliver , Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Give .
Whirlpool founder Simon Wright has slammed the Federal Government ’s internet filtering plans , in a fiery editorial released simultaneously with the results of the broadband forum ’s annual survey of its users .
“ The Federal Government ’s proposed ISP - level filtering policy is costly , complicated , and will be completely ineffective , ” wrote Wright .
“ After all , dynamic filtering is horrendously inaccurate .
Relying upon fuzzy algorithms to police the Internet is a fool ’s errand , and would put Internet - enabled industries across Australia at grave risk . ”
Wright wondered whether there was any support for the filter policy outside the Government and the “ under - informed general public ” , as it was opposed by “ so many business and consumer groups ” .
The survey data echoed preliminary findings that Whirlpool ’s users were overwhelmingly against ( 92.6 percent of 23,683 verified respondents ) the idea of mandatory internet filtering .
Most users were concerned about various potential negative outcomes from the proposal , including the ideas that it could reduce internet performance , make the internet less reliable , give parents a false sense of security , increase the cost of internet access , overblock or restrict access to legitimate information and be abused by future governments .
However , a large number of users ( 31 percent ) did agree it had the potential positive benefits of protecting children from harm , as well as restricting access to child pornography ( 39.7 percent ) and restricting access to other criminal material ( 23 percent ) .
In a general sense the survey showed that users were still unhappy with various aspects of various ISPs — for example , the price of Telstra and Optus ’s offerings or TPG ’s poor customer service .
However , the survey also demonstrated an across the board trend towards users not switching ISPs — churn rates are dropping .
As previously noted , the survey results show a skew towards technology savvy users .
However Whirlpool is unapologetic about this .
“ These results largely represent the views of informed opinion leaders , and informed consumers .
We have not attempted to normalise the results to represent the broader marketplace , as we believe the information to be more valuable with this bias intact , ” the site stated .
“ The group surveyed are more likely to be advising friends , family and co-workers on which ISP to join .
Broadband service providers should pay close attention to this demographic , as their influence wields significant impact . ”
Image credit : Hanspeter Klasser , royalty free
London , England ( CNN ) --
Despite the financial downturn affecting property prices and construction projects around the world , bullish American billionaire Donald Trump remains committed to building what he has dubbed the " world 's greatest golf course " in Scotland after unveiling designs for the new complex .
Trump 's proposal includes 950 holiday homes , a hotel , an equestrian center , tennis courts and a residential village , on top of the championship golf course .
With latest official statistics showing unemployment in Scotland has risen to 7.6 percent , the move has been welcomed by the country 's government who are anxious to bring investment to the area .
A spokesman for the ruling Scottish Nationalist Party told CNN : " Ministers agreed with the public inquiry conclusion that there was significant economic and social benefit to be gained from the application by Trump International Golf Links Scotland to develop a golf resort at Balmedie . "
The recent unveiling of the design masterplan for the resort comes at a time when similar projects around the world struggle for a positive return on investment .
The $ 1 billion " Tiger Woods Dubai " a golf resort originally planned for September 2009 , has been delayed indefinitely with only eight holes been built so far .
Trump 's project , which has been marred by controversy and litigation since its inception in 2008 , will cost a staggering $ 1.6 billion to complete .
Richard Gillis , editor of Platform Magazine , told CNN that : " Trump is betting that the market for the very top end has not been detrimentally affected by the recession and banking crisis .
" It will be interesting to see the effect of the Trump brand on sales , as it is untested as a means of selling golf outside of the U.S. "
But Trump , an avid golfer who already owns 13 courses around the world , is said to be confident his resort will be profitable within a decade .
" When I create anything - a building , private club or resort - it is the highest quality available in the world , " he stated .
" The project is in really good shape with no financial concerns , " the project 's executive vice president , Sarah Malone , told CNN .
She revealed Trump has recently bought another two courses in the United States .
However , to realize his vision , Trump will still need to acquire four plots of land owned by families on the Scottish coast , who have thus far been adamant in their refusal to sell their homes .
Last year a 15,000 - strong petition , which included Hollywood actress Tilda Swinton , backed the four residents who face possible eviction .
But Malone insisted that the project would bring much - needed financial benefits to the region .
" This would regenerate an area that needs to diversify its business .
It will also create thousands of jobs , " she said .
Gillis is more skeptical .
" The billion dollar figure , the thousands of jobs promised and the always unreliable ' economic benefit ' arguments look like winning the day , " he said .
" I only hope that in return for giving up this stretch of their coastline the locals can at least make some money from the caper .
" Because given the level of green fees needed to make back Trump 's investment , very few of them will be playing the course , " he added .
Trump fought a long battle to gain planning approval for the course north of Aberdeen .
It was finally granted by the Scottish government in November 2008 , who imposed a series of stringent conditions to protect the habitat of the area , but were swayed by arguments over job creation , with up to 6,000 forecasted , and regeneration .
Trump is due in Scotland in May to officially mark the start of construction work on his course and hopes to talk to local people about the project , his spokesperson told CNN .
Paul Gittings contributed to this report
Mens Suits - Dress For Success
Do your mens suits set YOU apart from the rest of the pack ?
Well , that depends on you being on top of your SUIT GAME !
Accomplishing that task though , is nowhere near easy !
If that were the case everyone would be stylin ' hard , and well dressed gentlemen in suits would not carry the social impact that they do today .
We have all heard the saying that , " women love a man in uniform . "
Well , fortunately for you and I , the man who wears confidence and swagger , along with the perfectly coordinated quality mens suit , is wearing the uniform of the regal and distinguished gentleman .
In the business world , the way we carry ourselves , or our " swagger , " can leave an untouchable impression on others .
When we truly dress for success in a powerful business suit , instead of just " putting on a suit , " others pick up on our attention to detail , our savvy and our adaptability , before we even speak a word .
The well dressed man gets the GIRL , the JOB and the RESPECT of his contemporaries .
Fortunately , for wealthy celebrities , they have the money to hire stylists ( and many , if not most of them do ) .
They hire someone to keep them in the know , and dressed cooler than a polar bear 's toenails .
That 's the reason why they turn womens heads and are admired by other men .
WHAT ABOUT YOU ??
WHERE IS YOUR HELP ?
Well , that is where we at SUIT - SWAGGER .
COM , step in ...
We have traveled the world , From Paris , France to Toronto , Ontario in Canada .
From New York City , to Dublin , Ireland along with countless other cities and lands .
All the while gathering mens fashions tips , studying different styles and purchasing mens clothing and jewelry .
And one thing stands true ... even in the Style and " Swagger " Capitals of the world , some men just seem to have " IT " , but most simply do n't .
Well too bad and so sad for them !
All of this research has been done for you , to give you the ULTIMATE EDGE , the second you enter any room , especially when dressed in a quality mens suit .
YOUR SUIT STYLINGS WILL BE VICIOUS !!!
You might end up calling the cops on yourself !
We break the whole process down for you .
Step by step , in order to piece together the best mens suits and fashion for you , you will learn :
The implant is fitted in the patient 's skull and is connected to the retina
Scientists at Oxford University have announced the first long - term trial of a new eye implant .
Six patients will get the retinal implant for 12 months .
Previous UK trials were limited to three months .
The technology consists of electrodes that replace the retina at the back of the eye and can treat the degenerative disease retinitis pigmentosa ( RP ) .
It is thought 200,000 people worldwide have RP .
The trial will start at the John Radcliffe hospital from May .
Professor Robert MacLaren , Oxford University Nuffield Laboratory of Opthalmology , will lead the trial .
He said : " Recent work ... is very impressive indeed and I would now certainly consider this technology as a viable treatment option for patients blind from RP . "
He said the implant was as major a breakthrough as cochlear implants were for the deaf .
It allows patients to see in black and white giving them the potential to read again .
Previously they could only see light and shade .
After being fitted , the implant can be removed , meaning it can be upgraded .
The axe has fallen on guide book behemoth Lonely Planet 's entire team of website writers , with eight roles made redundant at the whim of the company 's BBC management team .
The axe has fallen on guide book behemoth Lonely Planet ’s tight - knit team of website writers , with eight content production roles made redundant at the whim of the company ’s BBC management .
Shocked staff were informed yesterday of the decision to dissolve the positions , which included two core veterans that had been with the company for years .
Lonely Planet management is yet to make a formal announcement , but the firm ’s Footscray office is in meltdown , with angry staffers taking to Facebook to criticise their employer and the company ’s digital strategy .
The affected writers authored original stories for key website sections , including the famed World Guide , which featured spiels on every country and was updated with breaking news affecting travellers like terrorist attacks .
George Dunford , the author of several Lonely Planet guidebooks and a lecturer at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology , slammed the decision on Facebook :
“ LP ’s loss , this thread is a testament to how they can’t hold on to good people , see restructures rather than building as an excuse for business strategy . ”
A former website chief wrote this : “ LP : spend 15 years building enviable online content , then spend two years dismantling .
Bad for friends , stupid for community . ”
And a current staff member at the firm ’s headquarters hinted at the prospect of more cuts to come : “ …early in the week it was the second floor , today it ’s the first floor , you guys better watch out on the ground floor . ”
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Lonely Planet ’s head of communications Kim Lovely told Crikey that the loss of the roles was “ …very , very said for those people that have been affected .
We ’ll be helping them find those redeployment opportunities and there are opportunities for those that still want to work with us . ”
Lovely said four new roles would be created and that the affected team members would be invited to apply .
But the writers would be undertaking new non-writing tasks .
“ The new approach is about the curation of content , rather than the creation of content . ”
Another former digital team member questioned the new direction : “ … when you get a whole load of people who do n’t understand content to run a content company this is what happens . ”
Insiders say the company has struggled to build a comprehensive web presence and to knit together diverse platforms that includes mobile technology and an underperforming television arm .
The decision to dissolve the popular team comes after Lonely Planet laid off 50 staff last year in a bid to rein in its global wages bill in the midst of the global financial crisis .
But the subsequent stockmarket rebound was apparently not enough to save the producers , as the company turns to existing guidebook content to displace exclusive website spiels .
The fresh departures come just one day after a charm offensive launched by Lonely Planet CEO Matt Goldberg , in which he promised to take its online content to “ the next level ” .
Goldberg , a former Dow Jones executive who just celebrated 12 - months in charge , hinted he was keen to tap the website ’s 700,000 registered users to author articles .
But a Lonely Planet insider told Crikey this morning that the website would struggle without the input of the content producers , who were considered vital to the operation .
The source said that business - to - business revenue streams could also be affected .
Lonely Planet is also under immense political pressure after UK Conservatives indicated they intend to rein in the BBC to forestall a looming “ one broadcaster state ” .
An incoming Cameron government is expected to proceed with an immediate sale of the Lonely Planet business , which was controversially acquired for $ 200 million in 2007 .
A spokesperson for the Media Arts and Entertainment Alliance said the union was investigating the cuts :
“ We ’ve contacted Lonely Planet and we are trying to get the full picture there and how it will affect our members .
We ’re concerned about any adverse impact this may have on journalists ’ jobs . ”
Crikey understands that the website team drowned their sorrows last night at a local drinking hole , which they ’ve renamed The Redundancy .
Communities
It 's the population , stupid ?
On my desk sits a stack of manila folders .
Each one contains an essay that argues , essentially , that all of our problems -- especially the environmental ones -- are caused by one thing : overpopulation .
We get a lot of this sort of thing .
Most of it comes from a guy named Frosty Wooldridge , who has beaten the population drum for years .
But we also get letters from other folks , usually after a story about water or sprawl or immigration , emphatically demanding that we wake up and address the root of all evils :
There are just too many people .
In this issue 's powerful cover essay , Chuck Bowden finally does it for us .
It 's only a sentence or two , but it feels like a punch in the gut .
Not that you populistas out there should get too excited :
We 're not about to become the Overpopulated Country News .
On one level , of course , the populistas are correct .
An increased number of people will generally increase the strain on the environment .
In one of the essays on my desk , Bromwell Ault of the Center for Public Conscience writes : " Population is a process of silent and powerful geometric increase , " which entails " that for every added unit of population we lose one acre of land to the various development projects such growth requires . "
In other words :
For every person added to a place , there is a directly proportional impact to the environment .
The appeal of this equation lies in its simplicity .
As Wooldridge dramatically writes : " It is possessed of that same beautiful , and sometimes deadly , precision that we find in E=mc2 and a 2+b2=c2 . "
Yet that same simplicity is the equation 's underlying flaw , for it leaves out the most important variable : consumption .
Indeed , a more pertinent equation would be this :
The more we consume , the greater the environmental impact .
And , contrary to what some might believe , consumption is not directly proportional to population .
An average family of four in Mexico City , for example , lives on a much smaller piece of land and consumes considerably less than a similar family in a McMansion on the exurban fringe of Phoenix , complete with green lawn , three cars , big - screen television and a high - calorie fast - food diet .
Each " population unit's " consumption level is determined by its own set of variables -- societal and individual values , culture , land - use regulations , wealth , economic systems , etc .
We will not curtail our consumption by stopping the flow of people from Mexico to the United States .
In an age when Colorado shoppers buy apples from New Zealand and a single hamburger patty is amalgamated from cow parts grown and processed in several different countries , it should be obvious that keeping people on one side of a political boundary does not confine their impacts to that side of the line .
Not that we 've ever been able to keep people on one side of a border -- as Bowden points out , neither a border wall nor a police state can stifle the migratory urge .
It is indeed frightening to watch the national and global population clock race forward .
But that is not the only or even the most important issue at hand .
More important than how many of us there are is how we choose to live , both as individuals and collectively .
And that requires acts of conscience and human innovation and will , none of which can be contained by a simple equation .
Former Massachusetts governor and likely 2012 presidential aspirant Mitt Romney has been on the wrong side of the defining political battle of our time .
Mr. Romney claimed earlier this month on " Fox News Sunday " that the Massachusetts health reform plan he signed into law in 2006 is " the ultimate conservative plan . "
But there are many similarities between it and the ObamaCare loathed by conservative voters .
Both ...
Photo taken by Valentina Jori . ( tijmen )
There are no usage restrictions for this photo
More than $ 40 billion is blown on cosmetics globally each year and hundreds of hours are spent applying creams , lotions and powders .
Even with the recent downturn in the economy , makeup - addicts have simply turned to drugstores , instead of high - end boutiques , to snag their tonics , wands and face paints , according to a recent consumer report by Euromonitor International .
Some people treasure their makeup and can't imagine life without it .
Others would argue all this time and money is wasted .
But what does science say ?
Biologists argue that cosmetics can play a significant role in how your life turns out .
While it is often said that love is blind , " physical attractiveness seems to be one of the most prominent factors , if not the most significant one , in human mate selection , " said behavioral biologist Bernhard Fink of the University of Gottingen in Germany .
And cosmetics enhance attractiveness in a quantifiable and real - world relevant way , Fink told LiveScience .
Cosmetics have also been shown to boost earning potential and perhaps even make a promotion more likely , according to a study in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology in 2006 .
But before letting the woman behind the makeup counter pack up a duffel bag of " life - altering " products , you might wish to know which ones are worth the dollars and time .
If you are trying to look healthier , foundation and face powders may be most important .
If masking your age is your priority , mascara and a little nose shading may be a better bet than wrinkle creams .
And if luring in a lover is your goal , you may want to amplify sex - specific traits , such as lush lips or sultry eyes .
Sign of health
A uniform skin tone can be a sign of health , Fink said , and attempts to hide sacks of fatigue under your eyes or a distracting blemish could also win points in the health category .
This likely explains the popularity of foundations , concealers and skin - care products among both men and women .
At over $ 13 billion dollars , foundation and similar makeup products formed the lion 's share of the global color cosmetics market in 2008 .
And the popularity of men's skin -care products is expected to continue growing in the United States no matter the economy , reported Euromonitor International in 2009 .
Wrinkle reality
Wrinkles and fine lines might not be worth losing beauty sleep over .
The geometry of your face will likely give away your age long before anyone notices crow 's feet , researchers are finding .
One feature that skews face geometry lies right on center stage : the nose .
While most facial features finish growing shortly after adolescence , the nose ( and ears ) never gets the memo .
A large schnoz in relation to the rest of the face is often a sign of an older person .
Of course , ethnicity can also determine relative nose size .
But if you 're not interested in growing old gracefully , using a contour brush to shrink your beak will likely have a bigger impact on your appearance than a hundred - dollar wrinkle cream .
The eyes have it
Studies have shown that not only do the eyes see , they demand to be seen – a trait possibly unique to humans .
So you may be able to drown out the nose 's announcement of your age , by amplifying the eyes .
Large eyes , in particular , have long been associated with faces that look young , even " babyish . "
Mascara is one popular way of making eyes seem voluminous .
Relative darkness of the skin area around the eyes also matters .
Male faces tend to have relatively uniform shading , while the eye regions of women , even without makeup , tend to be significantly darker than the rest of the face , according to studies by Richard Russell at Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania .
" Increasing or decreasing this luminance difference will make a face more feminine or masculine , respectively , and hence , more or less attractive , " explained Fink who was not involved in Russell 's studies .
By augmenting this contrast , mascara , eyeliner and eye - shadow showcase femininity .
So even if ancient Egyptian men did line their eyes with kohl ( black - shaded cosmetic ) , eye makeup is not recommended for today 's metrosexual man .
Lipstick , lip - liner and balm
Russell found similar gender differences between the contrast of the lips and the rest of the face , with women naturally having darker mouths than men of the same skin tone .
Lipstick enhances this difference , silently calling out , female here !
Despite the occasional popularity of Goth lipstick , classic crimson shades are – surprise , surprise – more objectively attractive .
Red lips can signal healthy circulation and even sexual arousal – a message that grabs most men's attention .
The shape of your kisser , something often redefined by lip - liners and their ilk , can also affect attractiveness .
Lip symmetry is an important trait for both men and women , according to researcher Kendra Schmid and colleagues at the University of Nebraska .
Full lips , however , are more a woman 's prerogative .
Lush lips tend to develop under the influence of female hormones and could indicate fertility , explained Fink in a 2005 issue of the International Journal of Cosmetic Science .
Balms and other lip products aim to create this look .
If you are now ready to throw out your makeup bag and just stick to your lip gloss , consider this :
At least one study , published in the International Journal of Cosmetic Science in 2003 , found that lipstick alone does nothing to increase attractiveness .
Home Sheep Home
Guide three homesick sheep to the arrow sign in every level .
Each sheep is a different size , so you will have to utilize teamwork to reach the goal .
by Paul Sagar
We recently reported the hilarious , if disturbing , remarks of Tory MP Tim Loughton :
“ We need a message that actually it is not a very good idea to become a single mum at 14 .
[ It is ] against the law to get pregnant at 14 .
How many kids get prosecuted for having underage sex ?
Virtually none .
Where are the consequences of breaking the law and having irresponsible underage sex ?
There are n’t any . ”
So , The Guardian asked , should there be prosecutions ?
“ We need to be tougher .
Without sounding horribly judgmental , it is not a good idea to be a mum at 14 .
You are too young , throwing away your childhood and prospects of developing a career . ”
Without sounding horribly judgmental , anybody who thinks that there are no consequences to getting pregnant , and that a criminal record promotes a happy childhood and helps develop a healthy career , is a Platinum Imbecile .
Platinum Imbecility aside , there ’s something to note about the bizarre universe Mr Loughton resides in : girls get pregnant by magic .
In the universe I inhabit , pregnancy outside of IVF clinics requires two people , male and female .
Assuming that most teenage girls are having sex with teenage boys , the preoccupation with “ teenage mothers ” is thus striking .
Why do n’t we hear more about “ teenage fathers ” ?
Sadly it ’s not just idiotic Tories that insist on believing that Britain ’s teenage girls are experiencing immaculate conceptions .
Idiotic Labour MPs are possessed of this bizarre mysticism too .
Check out this obnoxious nonsense from ( alleged ) Labour MP Tom Harris .
Teenage mothers are the problem , he shrieks .
But what about the boys who are getting them ( if you ’ll pardon my French ) up the duff ?
Not a word about them .
Things become especially bizarre when we recall research that teenage motherhood can be an overwhelmingly positive experience .
It ’s just not the case that teenage motherhood necessarily results in packs of feral youths roaming the streets , gleefully breaking Britain .
The problem is not with teenage motherhood , it ’s with poor parenting .
And that can happen whatever age the parents are .
A sensible attitude means developing strategies to aid parents in difficult circumstances , not obsessing about the parents ’ ages and stigmatising them accordingly .
But you know what ?
I have no problem with teenagers having sex – and even getting pregnant – per se .
There , I said it .
Scandalous .
But in my opinion , Teenagers Having Sex is only a problem if , for example , a particular teenager is personally not ready for the “ consequences ” of sex .
Say because they are pressured into it , and find the experience traumatic .
Or because they end up with an unwanted pregnancy .
But these qualifications are crucial .
Sex is not bad per se , even for teenagers .
Sex is bad when it ’s attached to undesirable things , whatever they happen to be .
Perhaps the risks of “ bad things ” is higher for teenagers .
Maybe .
But even then , a sensible approach is to make judgements using evidence , and often on a case - by - case basis .
What ’s silly is to condemn all teenage sex just because it ’s teenage sex .
There is no reason teenagers can’t have sex with no negative consequences whatsoever .
The sex act itself is not the problem .
It ’s the baggage which is or is n’t attached that ’s important .
Which brings us to an interesting point .
Our society exhibits a bizarre hysteria about teenage sex .
Most especially , there is an overwhelming hysteria about teenage girls having sex .
We live in a world of paradox .
Advertising , music videos , film and TV push relentless images of sexual availability in young females .
Teenage girls are relentlessly encouraged to look available and attractive .
Yet actual sexual activity by teenage females is viciously scorned and stigmatised .
Adolescent girls are to look and act as though they are sexually available – but should they ever actually be sexually active and available , they earn the labels of slut and slag .
( Boys , of course , are players and studs – a significant attitudinal difference , I would suggest ) .
It ’s the bizarre , confused , quasi-Victorian mania about female sex and sexuality that largely animates Loughton and Harris .
The blunt horror of even thinking about teenage girls having sex so overwhelms them that they forget that girls do not have sex alone .
Teen mothers are vilified by Harris , while Loughton demands they suffer criminal penalties .
The question of whether teenage fathers bear responsibility , or are worthy of our extreme moral disdain , or even our attention , never makes it onto their radars .
That their attitudes are the norm tells us something important about our society .
Google is being investigated for possible anticompetitive behavior in Europe following complaints filed against it there by three competitors , Google revealed in a blog post Tuesday .
The investigation , which has been described as preliminary , follows complaints filed with the European Commission by a U.K. price comparison site called Foundem , a French legal search engine called ejustice.fr , and a German search site called Ciao that was recently acquired by Microsoft , Google said .
" While we will be providing feedback and additional information on these complaints , we are confident that our business operates in the interests of users and partners , as well as in line with European competition law , " Google said .
The Commission , which is the EU 's highest antitrust authority , often conducts a preliminary investigation when it receives complaints about potentially anticompetitive behavior .
It typically studies the market in question , interviews companies involved and then decides whether to launch a full investigation .
Google appears to be the target of such a preliminary probe .
The search giant implied , but did not say outright , that Microsoft may have had a hand in two of the complaints .
" Regarding Ciao , they were a long - time AdSense partner of Google 's , with whom we always had a good relationship , " Google said in its blog post .
" However , after Microsoft acquired Ciao in 2008 ( renaming it Ciao from Bing ) we started receiving complaints about our standard terms and conditions .
They initially took their case to the German competition authority , but it now has been transferred to Brussels . "
Foundem complained that Google 's algorithm pushes the shopping site down in its rankings because it considers it a competitor , Google said .
Foundem is a member of an organization called ICOMP , Google said , " which is funded partly by Microsoft . "
Microsoft could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday evening .
The complaint from Ejustice.fr is based on similar grounds to the one from Foundem , Google said .
" Though each case raises slightly different issues , the question they ultimately pose is whether Google is doing anything to choke off competition or hurt our users and partners .
This is not the case , " Google said in its posting .
" We always try to listen carefully if someone has a real concern and we work hard to put our users ' interests first and to compete fair and square in the market .
We believe our business practices reflect those commitments . "
Microsoft said it was not surprised to see competition officials looking at the online advertising market , given its importance to the Internet and " the dominance of one player . "
It said it had not been notified yet by the Commission about the Google inquiry .
" In the meantime , we continue to cooperate with the German government 's investigation into complaints brought by Ciao , the German Newspaper Publishers Association , Association of German Magazine Publishers , and Euro - Cities , a Berlin - based online mapping company , " Microsoft said in a statement sent via e-mail .
The Wall Street Journal first reported the probe earlier Tuesday , calling it a preliminary investigation that is at the " early , fact - finding stage . "
Google said it decided to discuss the case because it knew it would garner attention in the media .
Household :
You can reduce your personal food
waste in five steps :
1 . Plan your meals before you grocery shop .
2 . Make a detailed shopping list and stick to it !
3 . Serve reasonable sized portions .
4 . Save your leftovers .
5 . Eat those leftovers !
Also , try to use what you already have in your fridge and cupboard .
This site is a handy resource making do with what ya got .
Outside the Home :
Contact America ’s Second Harvest at 1-800-771-2303 for information on food recovery organizations in your area .
Your time or money would be greatly appreciated .
For gleaning information , contact The Society of St. Andrew ‘s national office at 1-800-333-4597 .
Navigate over to The Hunger Site daily to help erase hunger with one click .
Businesses :
For restaurants and grocery stores interested in donating food , contact Food Donation Connection at 1-800-831-8161 .
They link donors with food recovery organizations .
The author of The Talented Mr. Ripley series , and other diabolical crime mysteries had talent indeed , and an eccentric personality to match .
The 2009 biography of Patricia Highsmith written by Joan Schenkar , entitled The Talented Miss Highsmith , attests to these facts .
Patricia Highsmith , born Mary Patricia Plangman , is laid open to the reader by the excellent hand of Schenkar , who reveals Highsmith ’s foibles , faults and fears through journals , stories , reports , diary entries and personal notes .
The end result is a lonely , dark and secretive woman .
Living in Astoria , Queens at age ten , Highsmith began reading the poems of Edgar Allan Poe , and later developed a taste for abnormal psychology .
From her apartment in Queens , she could walk from the East River and look across to Wards Island where the largest mental hospital had been built , and just a little farther north , Rikers Island , the biggest prison in New York State .
Hell Gate , a deep waterway , and Hell Gate Bridge were also part of her geography .
We read in Schenkar ’s biography :
Pat was surrounded by an atmosphere of Crime , while a vision of Hell was just at her feet and over her head .
After her childhood years ,
Pat moved with her mother and stepfather to Greenwich Village , a place of artistic talent and literary freedom , as well as eclectic lifestyles that suited her own very well .
In no way was Highsmith typical of the feminine model revered during that era in New York magazines ; rather , she was a non-conforming loner , mannish in her impeccable Brooks Brothers shirts , proud , erotic , and attracted to women .
Smoking and drinking ferociously at times , she was constantly in and out of love affairs , some going on simultaneously .
She was a person too often uncomfortable in her own skin and who sometimes questioned her own sanity .
She wrote :
I fear the madness in me quite near the surface .
Highsmith felt the “ dark forces in her blood ” were directing her life .
A significant influence on the writer ’s emotions was her mother Mary Highsmith with whom she had an ongoing love - hate relationship .
They were ferociously tied to each other , and the mother ’s effect on the daughter led the writer to binge on alcohol for days .
Her mother criticized everything Highsmith did from her chosen lifestyle , smoking , drinking , lesbianism , and her writing .
One wonders if Highsmith ’s drive to succeed came from wanting to finally satisfy her mother .
Highsmith made lists of everything in her life .
She said she did this to keep her demons at a distance .
The lists grounded her , and she also made diagrams , graphs and charts for the same reason : to keep her mind from traveling too far out .
Highsmith kept a daily journal as well as notes for her ongoing writing projects .
These prolific accounts of her life and writings are what the biographer uses to tap into Highsmith ’s story .
In order to support her lifestyle in New York , the writer worked for four years in the comic book industry , drawing and writing texts that she abhorred and was ashamed of .
But like Theodore Dreiser , she sacrificed her writing integrity in order to live the lifestyle she wanted .
Later she would choose to live in Europe where she could live a cultured , vibrant life without it costing her an excessive amount of money .
We learn that she had high standards for herself and for everyone and everything around her .
She had many friends but was not friendly and would not tolerate fools gladly .
Every person she met was fodder for her novels and many of her own experiences show up quite observably in her novels .
For a writer like myself , this biography was as insightful and intriguing as Highsmith herself .
Not a stone has been left unturned nor a note unread in this giant tome about one of the most - read crime authors in the 20th century .
Gretta Barclay is a passionate reader , writer , and lover of art in all its forms .
She writes essays , short stories , poems , and novels .
Her first novel , “ To See a Sundog ” , is an adventure story that takes place in a small Midwest town .
She is in the process of writing her second novel .
I love barbecue , but not for the meat .
I love the sauce , so I 'm happy with it on anything .
This is a simple recipe I created for beans , and it 's awesome .
The cumin and liquid smoke make it smoky - and the mushrooms make it meaty and hearty .
Serve this with corn on the cob , a green salad , and bread for a full meal .
Smoky Barbecued Beans
3 cups beans ( any kind - I used red beans )
1 cup water
1 cup ketchup ( I used my homemade ketchup - recipe linked )
1 cup sliced mushrooms
1 tablespoon spicy mustard
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1/2 teaspoon liquid smoke
1/2 teaspoon hot sauce
salt and pepper
Put all of the ingredients on a pot and bring to a boil .
Cover , lower heat , and simmer for 45 minutes stirring occasionally .
Serve immediately .
Childcare , Chinese style : Rickshaw driver chains two - year - old son to a post while he's at work
At first sight it seems the ultimate in child cruelty - a two - year - old boy chained to a lamp post to stop him getting away .
Yet his parents say this is the only way they can guarantee not to lose him .
His father Chen Chuanliu works as an unlicensed rickshaw cyclist in Beijing , taking fares all over the city , while the boy 's disabled mother collects rubbish at the roadside .
Chained : Two - year - old Chen Chuanliu is regularly padlocked to a tree while his rickshaw driver father touts for customers in Beijing
No escape :
The padlock securing the toddler
They say they secured their son , Lao Lu , with a padlock around his ankle because his four - year - old sister Ling was ' stolen ' from them last month .
Child snatching is rife in China , where strict laws govern the size of families .
Concerned passers - by spotted the shackled toddler outside Huaguan Shopping Mall in Liangxiang .
They reported his father to the authorities , who yesterday ordered him to remove the chain although it was not clear what arrangements he would make in future .
There is no nursery place for Lao Lu because his 42 - year - old father is a migrant worker from another province , Szechuan , and therefore does not qualify for state help .
The family live in one room , 9ft by 8 ft .
Chen said he could not afford to pay for childcare on his earnings of £ 4.50 a day and had refused offers of ' a lot of money ' to give his son up for adoption .
' My wife can not take care of him and I have to work to support my family .
So I chain him to a pole when I have a fare .
' I do n't even have a picture of my daughter to use for a missing - person poster .
I cannot lose my son as well .'
Chen Chuanliu insists chaining up son Lao Lu is for his own good
Click this text to start editing .
This team block is a great way to introduce your visitors to key members of your organization .
You can click the green +/- buttons to change the number of people you ’re showcasing .
President Barack Obama talked a lot about economic recovery during his State of the Union address on Jan. 27 , 2010 , including the benefits of the economic stimulus bill passed last year .
The stimulus , formally known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , included tax cuts for many Americans , Obama said .
" We cut taxes .
We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families .
We cut taxes for small businesses , " Obama said .
" We cut taxes for first - time homebuyers .
We cut taxes for parents trying to care for their children .
We cut taxes for 8 million Americans paying for college . "
Democrats applauded , while Republicans were silent for the most part .
In one of the unscripted moments of the night , Obama looked at the Republican side of the room , smiled and said , " I thought I 'd get some applause on that one . "
Here , we wanted to check Obama 's statement that he cut taxes for 95 percent of working families .
The key word in his statement is " working . "
Obama 's claim is based on a tax cut intended to offset payroll taxes .
Under the stimulus bill , single workers got $ 400 , and working couples got $ 800 .
The Internal Revenue Service issued new guidelines to reduce withholdings for income tax , so many workers saw a small increase in their checks in April 2009 .
The tax cut was part of Obama 's campaign promises .
During the campaign , Obama said he wanted $ 500 for each worker and $ 1,000 for working couples .
Since the final number was a bit less than he promised , we rated his promise a Compromise on our Obameter , where we rate Obama 's campaign promises for fulfillment .
During the campaign , the independent Tax Policy Center researched how Obama 's tax proposals would affect workers .
It concluded 94.3 percent of workers would receive a tax cut under Obama 's plan based on the tax credit to offset payroll taxes .
According to the analysis , the people who would n't get a tax cut are those who make more than $ 250,000 for couples or $ 200,000 for a single person .
Obama said he intended to raise taxes on those high earners , a promise he reiterated during the State of the Union , and that revenue would offset the stimulus tax cut .
Because the stimulus act did give that broad - based tax cut to workers , we rate Obama 's statement True .
Ladette Britain : Violence among women soars as record 250 are arrested every day
Record :
More than 88,000 women were arrested for violent offences in a year ( Posed by model )
Ten ' ladettes ' were detained every hour for a violent crime last year - an all - time record .
Where a women is arrested she is now more likely than a man to be a suspect in cases of wounding or other assaults .
Some 88,139 women were arrested for violence over 12 months - nearly 250 every day .
That is an increase of nearly 1,000 on a year earlier .
The number of men arrested for violence fell by 10,000 .
It is the second straight year in which women were more likely to be held for crimes of violence than for any other offence .
Shoplifting had previously led the list .
Violence against the person - a category which includes manslaughter , assault and grievous bodily harm - accounted for 35 per cent of all arrests of women .
This compared with 30 per cent of arrests of men .
The figures were even more stark in Hampshire - 48 per cent of women arrested in the county were suspected of violence .
Since 2002 , the number of women arrested for violent crime has more than doubled .
Dominic Grieve , the Tory justice spokesman , said the figures were deeply disturbing .
' That an increasing number of women are resorting to crime , including fraud , drugs and violence , is a damning indictment on this Government 's failure to get to grips with a range of social problems , ' he said .
Experts have blamed increasing levels of drunkenness among young women on Labour 's 24 - hour drinking laws .
There have been a string of shocking cases of vicious gang attacks by females .
Chelsea O'Mahoney was 14 when she took part in a ' happy - slapping ' attack in which a man was beaten to death .
She filmed her friends on her mobile phone as they battered bar manager David Morley , a survivor of the Soho bombings .
She then kicked his head like a football and gloated : ' Pose for the camera . '
O'Mahoney was jailed for eight years for manslaughter in 2006 .
Dr David Green , director of the Civitas think - tank , said there had been a trend among some young females to become more like men and then emulate the very worst of them .
But Police Minister David Hanson said : ' Overall violence has fallen by 49 per cent since 1995 and we welcome the fact that with historically high numbers of police on the streets they are taking tough action against violence by arresting more criminals .
' Women commit less than a quarter of all violent crimes , but we know it has a devastating effect on communities .
' We are not complacent about any serious crime , which is why we have invested heavily in tackling violence of all kinds through responsive policing , tough powers , and funding for prevention projects . '
ASCII - Art ist eine Kunstrichtung , die mit Buchstaben , Ziffern und Sonderzeichen einer nichtproportionalen Schrift kleine Piktogramme oder ganze Bilder darzustellen versucht .
Auf Computern eignet sich der ASCII - Zeichensatz hierfür besonders , da er ...
New cyber - monitoring measures have been quietly introduced giving police and Security Intelligence Service officers the power to monitor all aspects of someone 's online life .
The measures are the largest expansion of police and SIS surveillance capabilities for decades , and mean that all mobile calls and texts , email , internet surfing and online shopping , chatting and social networking can be monitored anywhere in New Zealand .
In preparation , technicians have been installing specialist spying devices and software inside all telephone exchanges , internet companies and even fibre - optic data networks between cities and towns , providing police and spy agencies with the capability to monitor almost all communications .
Police and SIS must still obtain an interception warrant naming a person or place they want to monitor but , compared to the phone taps of the past , a single warrant now covers phone , email and all internet activity .
It can even monitor a person 's location by detecting their mobile phone ; all of this occurring almost instantaneously .
Police say in the year to June 2009 , there were 68 interception warrant applications granted and 157 people prosecuted as a result of those interceptions .
Police association vice - president Stuart Mills said the new capabilities are required because criminals were using new technologies to communicate , and that people who were n't committing criminal offences had little to fear .
However , civil liberties council spokesman Michael Bott said the new surveillance capabilities are part of a step - by - step erosion of civil rights in New Zealand .
Police Minister Judith Collins responded to questions from the Sunday Star - Times about the new surveillance capabilities , saying : " I support the rule of law . "
In last year 's budget she approved extra police funds to subsidise companies wiring surveillance devices into their telecommunications networks .
The measures are the consequence of a law , the 2004 Telecommunications ( Interception Capability )
Act , which gave internet and network companies until last year to install devices allowing automated access to internet and cellphone data .
Telecom , Vodafone and TelstraClear had earlier 2005 deadlines , and new cellphone provider 2degrees installed the interception equipment before launching last year .
Official papers obtained by the Star - Times show that , despite government claims that it was done for domestic reasons , the new New Zealand spying capabilities are part of a push by United States agencies to have standardised surveillance capabilities available for their use from governments worldwide .
While US civil liberties groups unsuccessfully fought these surveillance capabilities being used on US citizens , the FBI was lobbying other governments to adopt them .
FBI Director Robert Mueller III told a senate committee in March last year that the FBI needs " global reach " to fight cyber- crime and terrorism and that co-operation with " law enforcement partners " gives it " the means to leverage the collective resources of many countries " .
Auckland lawyer Tim McBride , author of the forthcoming New Zealand Civil Rights Handbook , says our politicians had let down New Zealanders when they yielded to the foreign pressure and imported US - style surveillance into New Zealand .
He said " monitoring email , internet chatting and Facebook is like the police and SIS planting bugs in every cafe and park .
It would probably help solve a few crimes , but the cost is just too great " .
The 2004 New Zealand law , which mirrors laws overseas , requires the content of any communication plus " call associated data " , such as times , phone numbers , IP addresses and mobile phone locations , to be able to be copied and sent to the police , SIS or Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) at the time of transmission or " as close as practicable " to that time .
In practice , a specialist said , this means someone 's email can be " at the agency within one or two minutes of it actually being on the wires " .
When the police and SIS were pushing for the interception capability law they argued repeatedly that it would not " change or extend in any way the existing powers " .
But civil libertarians say that the invisibility of electronic surveillance reduces the opportunity to challenge it .
A technician familiar with the developments said the previous surveillance technology dated from the early 1980s when the Telecom phone system went digital .
Police bugged individual phones and could request suspects ' call logs .
More recently police had taken a warrant to telcos and gone away with printed emails , but did it rarely as there were problems using the evidence in court .
" This is the first big jump from there , " said the technician .
" They 've never had the powers to force ISPs to build in spying capabilities before now .
I imagine law enforcement is very excited about this . "
Previous | Next Suspicious Carpet Buyer Posted at : 2010-02-27 00:13:38
Original ad :
I need a whole roll of carpet doesnt matter what kind will pay cash i need it fast
From Me to ***********@*************.org :
Hey ,
Do you still need rolls of carpet ?
I have a deal worked out with a carpet wholesaler and can get you as many carpets as you need .
Thanks ,
Mike
From *********@comcast.net to Me :
yeah I just need one how much do you want for it
From Me to *********@comcast.net :
I am asking $ 50 for the roll of carpet .
It sounds like you also need some cleaning supplies .
Luckily , I also sell gloves , mops , buckets , spray bottles , garbage bags , as well as disinfectants , odor removal chemicals , and enzyme solvents , in case you are interested in any of that .
Mike
From *********@comcast.net to Me :
what ?
I dont need any of that just the rug
From Me to *********@comcast.net :
Are you sure ?
It sounds like you need this rug to take care of a " problem " , and you might want the cleaning supplies to clean up the rest of that problem .
Mike
From *********@comcast.net to Me :
my only problem is that i need this carpet and you are trying to sell me cleaning stuff
From Me to *********@comcast.net :
Look , you do n't have to fool me .
There is only one reason to urgently need a rug .
It is pretty clear that you killed someone and need to get rid of them .
I 've been there , man ... whether it is a friend who overdosed on drugs , or a dead hooker , it is important that you clean everything up .
You can't just roll them up in a carpet and forget about them .
Do n't worry , I can help you .
Mike
From *********@comcast.net to Me :
i didnt kill a hooker what the hell is wrong with you ?
i need the carpet for my apartment to replace my old stained carpet so i dont get screwed on my security deposit which is why i need it fast
From Me to *********@comcast.net :
Hey man , I 'm not one to judge you .
I understand that accidents happen .
Maybe she did n't tell you when to stop choking her , or maybe you did n't realize that roofie you slipped in her Cosmo was actually cyanide .
Either way , a dead hooker is n't the end of the world .
Hookers die all the time ; it comes with their line of work .
The important thing is to stay calm and make sure that you clean everything up .
You have a good cover story with the security deposit .
You are smart to get rid of the old blood - stained carpet , but you still will need my cleaning supplies .
A small blood stain on the top of the rug is usually a much larger stain underneath the rug , and you can't simply put a new rug on top of it .
With my dead hooker cleanup package , it comes with everything you need to clean up the " accident " and make it look like it never happened .
The entire package , including the rug , will only cost you $ 100 .
You should act soon before it is too late !
Mike
From *********@comcast.net to Me :
is everyone on craigslist this crazy or is it just you ?
all i want is the carpet and you are being a huge pain in my ass .
ill find one from someone who isnt a goddamn psycho
Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1 - 25 .
View all comments Seymour Tenison ( 2020-09-18 05:28:03 )
Hi , We are a team of young entrepreneurs based in Washington D.C.
We invented an innovative product , PumPiX , that is a wearable and portable gadget with a liquid sanitizing dispenser to maintain cleanliness all day .
After having a successful Guadalupe Duhig ( 2020-08-21 15:20:15 )
Is your company fully virtual yet ?
Corona has changed the World ; use the Engajer platform to improve your marketing , sales , and customer support .
Normally thousands of dollars , now reduced down to two plans of $ 49 / mo or $ 150 / mo for the next 1,000 sign Bernadette Sixsmith ( 2020-08-21 00:19:54 )
Looking to promote your website for literally no cost ?
Check this out : https://bit.ly/ads-for-completely-free
Danielle Merrick ( 2020-08-13 23:44:37 )
The Live Wire Network Show is a syndicated Network which is broadcast around the United Kingdom and global areas , incorporating FM , DAB , AM and Digital Radio Stations .
Steve Osborne Media was established in 1989 for the sole purpose of promoting your Karri Kingsmill ( 2020-08-08 02:13:05 )
Are
You interested in advertising that costs less than $ 39 every month and delivers tons of people who are ready to buy directly to your website ?
Have a look at : https://bit.ly/buy-more-visitors
Lynell Prindle ( 2020-08-04 18:52:58 )
Want to submit your business on tons of online ad sites monthly ?
One tiny investment every month will get you virtually unlimited traffic to your site forever !
For all the details , check out : https://bit.ly/continual-free-traffic
Jessie Millard ( 2020-07-11 00:46:28 )
Hello , I just wanted to reach out and let you know about our Online Fast Track 4 Week Certified and Accredited Trade School .
If you are interested in becoming a Trained and Certified HVAC , Plumbing , Electrical or Solar Technician feel free to check us Leta Renard ( 2020-07-03 16:19:43 )
ABOLISH REACTIVE DEPRESSION AND EMERGE FROM ITS DEEP , DARK , BLACK HOLE ? •
Do you feel this came from the beginnings of a dysfunctional family system ? •
Or did this come from the loss of a beloved job or loved one ? •
Or did this come from dire eff Gennie McGowen ( 2020-06-30 15:57:05 )
Looking to promote your website for absolutely no charge ?
Check this out : https://bit.ly/zero-cost-ads
Dwain Wolinski ( 2020-06-21 20:32:26 )
TITLE : Are YOU Building Your Own DREAMS Or Has SOMEONE ELSE Hired You To Build THEIRS ?
DESCRIPTION : Have you ever looked at sites like Google or Facebook and asked yourself …
“ How can they make SO MUCH MONEY when they are n’t even really selling a Lynette Best ( 2020-06-19 01:36:54 )
Do you want more people to visit your website ?
Get thousands of keyword targeted visitors directly to your site .
Boost your profits quick .
Start seeing results in as little as 48 hours .
To get details Check out : https://bit.ly/buy-more-visitors
Erlinda Gooding ( 2020-06-18 23:13:06 )
TITLE : Are YOU Building Your Own DREAMS Or Has SOMEONE ELSE Hired You To Build THEIRS ?
DESCRIPTION : Have you ever looked at sites like Google or Facebook and asked yourself …
“ How can they make SO MUCH MONEY when they are n’t even really selling a Karolyn Medland ( 2020-06-16 04:10:33 )
Stop paying way too much money for ripoff Facebook ads !
I 've got a system that charges only a minute payment and delivers an almost endless volume of traffic to your website
For more information just visit : https://bit.ly/adpostingfast
Lilian Treadway ( 2020-06-13 14:25:21 )
EROTICA becomes REALITY !!!
Stepping Stones to the ARCH De Pleasure Men , put your feet in James Pope ’s shoes , women put your feet in the women ’s shoes I encounter , as I traveled the road from farm - to - MATTRESONAME !
Stepping Stones is my third no Riley Yoon ( 2020-06-06 06:08:37 )
TRIFECTA !
A novel that starches your emotional – erotic itch !
Against a background of big business , deceit , frustration , oppression drives a wide range of emotions as three generations of women from the same family , turn to the same man for emotional s Jed Boser ( 2020-06-05 02:36:57 )
Hello , I was just on your site and submitted this message via your feedback form .
The contact page on your site sends you these messages via email which is the reason you are reading my message at this moment correct ?
This is the holy grail with any kind Thaddeus Vines ( 2020-05-26 14:13:33 )
Hello ,
Our company makes handmade Large world globes that can be customized for your brand , company or interior design https://bit.ly/www-largeglobes-com
Please let me know if you would be interested in a custom large world globe and we can send more in Evan Gallardo ( 2020-04-19 00:59:34 )
Hello ,
We have available the following , with low minimum order requirements - if you or anyone you know is in need : - 3 ply Disposable Masks - KN95 masks and N95 masks with FDA , CE certificate - Gloves - Disposable Gowns - Sanitizing Wipes - Hand Sani Devin Goff ( 2020-04-06 14:23:53 )
In the past 15 years we have built over 400 websites and generated over 500,000 leads for our clients .
We are a US company – with tons of references , testimonials and happy clients – and we want to be your go to marketing agency !
So , h Darcy Greathouse ( 2020-04-02 01:37:18 )
Completely Zero Cost traffic for your web page take a look at : https://bit.ly/unlimited-traffic-source
Tyrell Roach ( 2020-03-28 15:19:50 )
Tired of paying for clicks and getting lousy results ?
Now you can post your ad on 5000 ad websites and you only have to pay a single monthly fee .
These ads stay up forever , this is a continual supply of organic visitors !
For all the details , check o Jillian Byrum ( 2020-03-11 13:49:13 )
Drink 1 cup of this tomorrow morning will get rid of 30 Lbs of belly fat If you have n’t tried this yet , you ’re going to want to add this to your morning routine Sipping on 1 cup of this yummy hot beverage in the A.M. sets you up to burn more fat t Harley Lovelace ( 2020-02-27 00:50:31 )
Offer your EVENT clients peace of mind .
More client comfort = more outdoor events !
How many outdoor events never happen because of the fear that uninvited mosquitos might ruin the occasion ?
Eversafe Natural mosquito control is a powerful , easy solut Penni Nunez ( 2020-02-22 14:48:56 )
Looking for powerful online marketing that has no per click costs and will get you new customers fast ?
I apologize for sending you this message on your contact form but actually that was the whole point .
We can send your promotional copy to sites via thei Bev Hugo ( 2020-02-22 06:55:34 )
In the past 15 years we have built over 400 websites and generated over 500,000 leads for our clients .
We are a US company – with tons of references , testimonials and happy clients – and we want to be your go to marketing agency !
The o
View all comments
The Rev. Charles Lutwidge Dodgson was a teacher of mathematics at Oxford and a deacon of the Anglican Church .
Some colleagues knew him as a somewhat reclusive stammerer , but he was generally seen as a devout scholar ; one dean said he was “ pure in heart . ”
To readers all over the world , he became renowned as Lewis Carroll , the author of Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland .
Alice was popular almost from the moment it was published , in 1865 , and it has remained in print ever since , influencing such disparate artists as Walt Disney and Salvador Dali .
Tim Burton ’s Alice in Wonderland , just released in movie theaters nationwide , is only the latest of at least 20 films and TV shows to be made from the book .
But if Alice has endured unscathed , its author has taken a pummeling .
Since the 1930s , biographers and scholars have questioned the nature of Dodgson ’s relationship with the 10 - year - old girl to whom he first told the story , and since the 1960s his work has been associated with the psychedelic wing of the countercultural movement .
When some of Dodgson ’s photographs — he was an accomplished portraitist — were exhibited in 1999 , a New York Times reviewer quoted Vladimir Nabokov ( who had translated Alice into Russian ) as saying there was “ a pathetic affinity ” between the photographer and the pedophilic narrator of Nabokov ’s novel Lolita .
Tim Burton recently described Dodgson ’s stories as “ drugs for children ” and Wonderland as a place where “ everything is slightly off , even the good people . ”
The decades of interpretation and reinterpretation have created a widening chasm between how modern readers perceive the author and how they receive his work .
“ Lewis Carroll is treated like a man you would n’t want your kids to meet , ” says Will Brooker , author of Alice ’s Adventures : Lewis Carroll in Popular Culture , “ yet his stories are still presented as classics of pure , innocent literature . ”
As Burton ’s movie beckons us down the rabbit hole once again , it might be wise to ask :
How did we arrive at this curious state of affairs ?
Charles Dodgson was born in 1832 in Daresbury , a village in northwest England , the third child ( and first son ) of Charles Dodgson , an Anglican clergyman , and his wife , Frances .
As the household grew to include 11 children , Charles did not lack for company .
“ He told his brothers and sisters stories , made up games and wrote magazines with them , ” says Edward Wakeling , who spent 12 years annotating Dodgson ’s diaries .
Later in life , “ he really enjoyed entertaining children , and they loved him in return . ”
After enrolling at Oxford in 1850 , at age 18 , Dodgson became a “ senior student ” — the equivalent of a fellow — at the university ’s College of Christ Church .
According to college rules , senior students had to be ordained as priests and take a vow of celibacy ; Dodgson evaded the ordination rule and lived at the college unmarried , until his death in 1898 , less than two weeks before his 66th birthday .
Like many Victorian bachelors , he became a sort of uncle to his friends ’ children , making up stories and games and taking them on short trips ; the role ensured him a warm welcome in many homes .
In 1855 , dean Henry Liddell arrived at Christ Church with his wife , Lorina ; their son , Harry , and daughters Lorina ( or “ Ina ” ) , Alice and Edith .
( The Liddells would have five more children . )
Before long , Dodgson struck up a friendship with Harry , then 9 .
“ He taught Harry rowing and arithmetic , spent time with him and took him on outings , ” says Wakeling .
As Harry ’s sisters grew older , he says , “ Dodgson also took them under his wing , with their parents ’ blessing . ”
Dodgson particularly liked to pack a picnic lunch and take the Liddell children boating on the Thames , with adult friends or family to share in the rowing .
On a July afternoon in 1862 , he took the three Liddell sisters on a stretch of the river between Oxford and Godstow and told them the story that would become Alice .
Alice Liddell , then 10 , was delighted that the main character bore her name and asked Dodgson to write down the story .
At this time , Dodgson was taking photographs .
Although the camera was still a relatively new technology , he had been an early enthusiast , starting in 1856 , and he found no shortage of friends who wanted him to make likenesses of them or their children .
Alfred , Lord Tennyson , England ’s poet laureate , befriended the then - obscure don and let Dodgson photograph him after becoming impressed by one of his child portraits .
“ You , I suppose , dream photographs , ” he said .
Of the approximately 3,000 photo­graphs Dodgson made in his life , just over half are of children — 30 of whom are depicted nude or semi-nude .
Some of his portraits — even those in which the model is clothed — might shock 2010 sensibilities , but by Victorian standards they were ... well , rather conventional .
Photographs of nude children sometimes appeared on postcards or birthday cards , and nude portraits — skillfully done — were praised as art studies , as they were in the work of Dodgson ’s contemporary Julia Margaret Cameron .
Victorians saw childhood as a state of grace ; even nude photographs of children were considered pictures of innocence itself .
In discussing the possibility of photographing one 8 - year - old girl unclothed , Dodgson wrote to her mother : “ It is a chance not to be lost , to get a few good attitudes of Annie ’s lovely form and face , as by next year she may ( though I much hope wo n’t ) fancy herself too old to be a ‘ daughter of Eve . ’ ” Likewise , Dodgson secured the Liddells ’ permission before taking his now - famous portrait of Alice at age 6 , posing as a beggar child in a tattered off - the - shoulder dress ; the family kept a hand - colored copy of it in a morocco leather - and - velvet case .
Dodgson ’s relationship with the Liddells apparently hit some kind of pothole in June 1863 : he stopped seeing both the children and their parents for several months .
And although he resumed socializing with the dean and his wife , he never took their daughters out again .
In 1864 , however , he did give Alice a present : a bound manuscript titled Alice ’s Adventures Under Ground .
The next year an expanded version of the story was published as a book , Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland .
It quickly made the name “ Lewis Carroll ” famous .
He published a sequel , Through the Looking - Glass and What Alice Found There , in 1871 , and a long - form nonsense poem , The Hunting of the Snark , in 1876 .
Dodgson ’s identity as Alice ’s author was an open secret , and the author gathered about him a large circle of affectionate children and their parents .
His slight air of mystery added to his fame , which spread by word of mouth .
Eventually he was invited to entertain two grandchildren of Queen Victoria herself .
He retired from teaching mathematics in 1881 .
While visiting some of his sisters in Guildford , just outside London , in 1898 , he became ill .
He died there of pneumonia on January 14 of that year .
By then , Dodgson ’s reputation as a merry , child - doting — and entirely proper — maker of nonsense needed little burnishing ; the London Daily Graphic ’s obituary noted that “ like many bachelors , he was very popular with children and very fond of them . ”
Before the year was out , Dodgson ’s nephew Stuart Collingwood published a biography that devoted two effusive chapters to Dodgson ’s many “ child friends , ” including references to his hugging and kissing girls , and largely omitted references to his many friendships with women .
“ The popular Victorian image of Lewis Carroll was of a sort of child - loving saint , ” says Brooker .
“ It is an image which Dodgson himself helped to create , and it suited Victorian attitudes . ”
In 1932 , the centennial of Dodgson ’s birth , Alice Liddell , then an 80 - year - old widow , traveled with her son and sister to New York City to receive an honorary doctorate from Columbia University for “ awaking with her girlhood ’s charm the ingenious fancy of a mathematician familiar with imaginary quantities , stirring him to reveal his complete understanding of the heart of a child . ”
An informal group of his admirers commemorated the centennial by praising Dodgson as a “ great lover of children ” and raising the equivalent of almost $ 800,000 in today ’s currency to fund a Lewis Carroll children ’s ward at St. Mary ’s Hospital in London .
That may have been the last time he was so simply remembered .
The next year , a writer named A.M.E. Goldschmidt presented at Oxford an essay titled “ Alice in Wonderland Psycho - Analysed , ” in which he suggested that Dodgson was suppressing a sexual desire for Alice .
( Her fall down the well , he wrote , is “ the best - known symbol of coitus . ” )
Goldschmidt was an aspiring writer , not a psychoanalyst , and some scholars say he may have been trying to parody the 1930s vogue for Freudian ideas .
Whatever his intent , unambiguously serious writers picked up the thread .
“ We are reasonably sure that the little girls substitute for incestuous love objects , ” wrote New York University professor Paul Schilder in 1938 .
The meaning of an illustration of a long - necked Alice is “ almost too obvious for words , ” psychoanalyst Martin Grotjahn offered in 1947 .
Similar analyses would appear as the literature on the Alice author grew .
In 1945 , Florence Becker Lennon advanced the case that Dodgson had had an unhealthy attraction to Alice with Victoria Through the Looking Glass , the first modern critical biography of him .
“ People have wondered what he did with his love life , ” Lennon wrote .
“ Now it can be told .
He loved little girls , but , like Peter Pan , he had no intention of marrying them . ”
But Alice , she wrote , “ was the first and most favoured of his girl friends , ” and she speculated about the idea that Dodgson precipitated the rift with the Liddells by proposing “ honourable marriage to [ Alice ] directly or through her parents ” in 1863 .
Alice was 11 then — too young , even by Victorian mores .
Lennon ’s basis for the assertion may have seemed sound : Ina was one of her sources .
( Alice did not talk to Lennon because , her sister said , she was ill . )
But in a letter to Alice , Ina wrote , “ I tremble at what I said ” to Lennon about the Liddell family ’s supposed rift with Dodgson .
“ I said his manner became too affectionate to you as you grew older and that mother spoke to him about it , and that offended him , so he ceased coming to visit us again . ”
Ina had also told Lennon that she , Ina , was 10 at the time — but she was 14 , or old enough to entertain formal suitors .
Whether Ina was mistaken , duplic­itous or confused when she spoke with Lennon , her letter to Alice does not say .
( One conjecture is that she lied to conceal Dodgson ’s interest in her , or hers in him ; given his finances and prospects at the time , her parents would have discouraged the match . )
The idea that Dodgson had an unhealthy involvement with Alice has persisted , although there is no evidence to support it .
Three major biographies published in the 1990s , by Donald Thomas , Michael Bakewell and Morton Cohen , suggested that he had pedophilic urges but never acted on them .
Lennon acknowledged that she wrote without the benefit of Dodgson ’s diaries , which were published in abridged form in 1954 and in full , with Wakeling ’s annotations , beginning in 1993 .
But even they are an imperfect source .
Four of the 13 volumes are missing — as are the pages covering late June 1863 , when his break with the Liddells occurred .
A Dodgson descendant apparently cut them out after the writer died .
But if the diaries offer nothing about his romantic interests , other documents do .
One is a note , purportedly written by one of Dodgson ’s nieces , summarizing what was in the missing diary pages from 1863 : “ L.C. learns from Mrs.
Liddell that he is supposed to be using the children as a means of paying court to the governess — he is also supposed ... to be courting Ina , ” it reads , meaning that the children ’s mother told him that people were gossiping about him , saying he was courting either the Liddells ’ governess or their eldest daughter .
In addition , Dodgson ’s surviving letters suggest that he had a keen interest in women — and worked to circumvent the Victorian proscription of mingling between unmarried adults of the opposite sex .
“ I wish you could come and stay here a bit ! ” he wrote to 22 - year - old Edith Rix in 1888 .
“ I believe the ‘ Mrs. Grundy ’ risk might be altogether avoided by simply arranging 2 or 3 visits to be paid consecutively . ”
( Mrs. Grundy was British society ’s fictitious guardian of morality . )
In 1879 , he asked Gertrude Thomson , a new acquaintance in her late 20s , “ Are you sufficiently unconventional ( I think you are ) to defy Mrs. Grundy , and come down to spend the day with me at Oxford ? ”
( She was , and did . )
In a 1967 memoir , the stage designer Laurence Irving , a son of one of Dodgson ’s friends , summarized Oxford gossip from previous decades in dubbing him a “ greying satyr in sheep ’s clothing . ”
In 1999 , Karoline Leach published yet another Dodgson biography , In the Shadow of the Dreamchild , in which she quoted the summary of the missing diary information and argued that her predecessors , misunderstanding the society in which Dodgson lived , had created a “ Carroll myth ” around his sexuality .
She concluded that he was attracted to adult women ( including Mrs. Liddell ) after all .
The reaction among Dodgson scholars was seismic .
“ Improbable , feebly documented ... tendentious , ” thundered Donald Rackin in Victorian Studies .
Geoffrey Heptonstall , in Contemporary Review , responded that the book provided “ the whole truth . ”
Which is where Dodgson ’s image currently stands — in contention — among scholars if not yet in popular culture .
His image as a man of suspect sexuality “ says more about our society and its hang - ups than it does about Dodgson himself , ” Will Brooker says .
We see him through the prism of contemporary culture — one that sexualizes youth , especially female youth , even as it is repulsed by pedophilia .
The nature of his relationships with Alice , with other girls and with women may never be established with certainty .
But then , uncertainty is a consistent theme in the Alice books .
Jenny Woolf , a London - based journalist , is author of the recently published The Mystery of Lewis Carroll .
This major accident involving a bus and multiple vehicles is like something you 'd see in a movie .
HAIFA , Israel — Shortly before Rachel Corrie was crushed to death by an Israeli bulldozer on March 16 , 2003 , she said in a video interview that she marveled at Palestinians ’ ability to “ hold onto their humanity as much as they have . ”
Seven years later , Corrie ’s friends in the Gaza Strip are planning a remembrance ceremony in her honor .
They are also following news of the civil court trial under way in Israel ; they hope the Israeli military is found liable for Rachel ’s death and that the case challenges what they consider to be a policy of impunity toward Israeli soldiers .
Corrie was 23 when she arrived in the Gaza Strip in 2003 as part of the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) , which places foreign volunteers in high - conflict zones to monitor human rights abuses and which uses non-violent methods to resist Israeli military actions , such as attempting to interrupt the construction of the West Bank barrier and blocking army vehicles .
Although events surrounding Corrie 's death are still disputed , she was killed by a bulldozer operated by the Israel Defense Forces while seeking to defend a Palestinian home from demolition .
The house was located in an area near the Egyptian border that sometimes hosted entrances to tunnels used to smuggle weapons , including supplies for unguided rockets launched into civilian areas of southern Israel .
Five years ago , the Corrie family initiated legal proceedings in an effort to hold the Israeli military liable for Rachel ’s death .
The family is seeking at least $ 300,000 in damages .
Israel 's State Prosecutor 's Office has appealed to the Haifa District Court to dismiss outright the civil suit on the basis that the bulldozer driver said he did not see her , and the Israel Defense Forces had ruled her death an accident .
Khaled Nasrallah , 40 , lived in the home that Rachel died defending .
“ Rachel really changed our fundamental ideas , ” Nasrallah said .
“ Sometimes we believed that Western people were fully supporting the Israeli side and did not have feelings for us ... .
[ My family ] did n’t do anything against any party , but the Israeli Defense Forces gave the innocent and the guilty the same treatment .
I hope the trial will give hope to the next generation . ”
Palestinian Anees Mansour , 28 , joined the work of Corrie and her fellow activists because he felt " they were doing something good — they were fighting the occupation by peaceful ways . "
He held back tears as he recalls running to the hospital and viewing Rachel ’s body in disbelief .
“ This is the life here , " he whispered .
" She is still in our hearts .
I call the day she was killed the black day . "
A month after Corrie 's death , Mansour was just three feet away when a British member of ISM , Tom Hurndall , was killed by an Israeli Defense Forces sniper while trying to rescue children caught in gunfire .
The soldier was convicted of manslaughter and obstruction of justice and sentenced to eight years in prison , which he is currently serving .
The soldier told the military tribunal that the Israeli army " fires freely in Rafah . "
" I decided that nothing works to end the occupation — peaceful ways or the armed way , " Mansour says .
" [ Israel ] does n’t respect the peaceful .
They do n’t respect anyone .
They do n’t care if Tom or Rachel are internationals .
They will do whatever they want . "
In mid-2003 , after Corrie , Hurndall and journalist James Miller were killed by Israeli soldiers , the Israeli government implemented strict restrictions on civilian entry into the Gaza Strip .
Between 2003 and 2008 , said ISM co-founder Huwaida Arraf , ISM " only managed to get a couple of delegations [ into the Gaza Strip ] , " but she declined to say how they entered .
In August of 2008 , eight ISM members entered the strip on the " Free Gaza " boats that sailed from Cyprus to Gaza .
About 20 westerners from ISM are currently partnering with Palestinians in the West Bank , where foreign civilians are not prohibited from entering .
However , hundreds have been denied entry or deported for their association with non-violent resistance groups , according to ISM .
Adam Shapiro , a co-founder of ISM , was deported from Israel in 2002 and barred from returning .
In December 2008 , a six - month ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , which had previously fired thousands of unguided rockets into Israel , began to disintegrate .
Israel then launched a three - week bombing campaign and ground invasion of Gaza .
The hostilities claimed the lives of 13 Israelis and about 1,400 Palestinians , many of them civilians .
A U.N. commission headed by Judge Richard Goldstone later accused both Israel and Hamas of war crimes .
Corrie 's parents , Cindy and Craig , have made four trips to the Gaza Strip and established a foundation in Rachel ’s honor .
A play based on Corrie ’s emails and diaries premiered in London in 2005 , and was performed in dozens of venues across the world .
A 2009 documentary movie by French - Israeli film maker Simone Bitton investigates the death of Rachel Corrie .
The family has also published " Let Me Stand Alone , " a book of Corrie ’s journals .
The Israeli government maintains that Corrie was killed accidentally and acted in " reckless disregard " for her own life by interfering in a war zone .
The Corrie family alleges that the driver of the bulldozer killed Rachel Corrie intentionally and unlawfully , or alternatively by " gross negligence " in failing to protect civilians .
Four eyewitnesses to Corrie ’s death were granted entry visas only following external diplomatic pressure .
The doctor in Gaza who treated Corrie and confirmed her death has yet to be issued a permit to give testimony in Israel .
Craig Corrie emphasizes that " so many families harmed as deeply as ours cannot access the courts .
Palestinians are routinely denied their petitions , or are required to post impossibly expensive bonds to file their cases . "
By coincidence , the trial is occurring during the anniversary of Corrie 's death .
Events celebrating Corrie ’s life are planned for March 16 across the United States , Israel and the Palestinian territories .
In Rafah , Gaza , about 800 people will attend a ceremony at a children ’s center that was renamed in Rachel ’s honor .
One of the attendees at this ceremony will be Mohammed Abu Asaker , a 30 - year - old project manager with the U.N. Development Program .
Corrie helped him apply for a USAID - funded presidential scholarship .
After 11 rejections , he was finally accepted in 2005 .
Israeli border closures delayed Abu Asaker ’s trip to the U.S. , but he was elated just to have the opportunity .
He recalled , " Rachel inspired me because she had all the facilities to make her life easy — but she sacrificed that and came to Gaza … .
The moment I arrived on the American University campus [ in Washington , D.C. ] and walked on the quad , it thrilled my heart , because that was a first step to get knowledge and skills and a good education , then come back and help my people .
I believe that is the way that I can honor Rachel and make her soul rest .
And here I am [ back in ] in Gaza . "
When cells move about in the body , they follow a complex pattern similar to that which amoebae and bacteria use when searching for food , a team of Vanderbilt researchers has found .
The discovery has a practical value for drug development :
Incorporating this basic behavior into computer simulations of biological processes that involve cell migration , such as embryo development , bone remodeling , wound healing , infection and tumor growth , should improve the accuracy with which these models can predict the effectiveness of untested therapies for related disorders , the researchers say .
" As far as we can tell , this is the first time this type of behavior has been reported in cells that are part of a larger organism , " says Peter T. Cummings , John R. Hall Professor of Chemical Engineering , who directed the study that is described in the March 10 issue of the Public Library of Science journal PLoS ONE .
The discovery was the unanticipated result of a study the Cummings group conducted to test the hypothesis that the freedom with which different cancer cells move -- a concept called motility -- could be correlated with their aggressiveness :
That is , the faster a given type of cancer cell can move through the body the more aggressive it is .
" Our results refute that hypothesis -- the correlation between motility and aggressiveness that we found among three different types of cancer cells was very weak , " Cummings says .
" In the process , however , we began noticing that the cell movements were unexpectedly complicated . "
Then the researchers ' interest was piqued by a paper that appeared in the February 2008 issue of the journal Nature titled , " Scaling laws of marine predator search behaviour . "
The paper contained an analysis of the movements of a variety of radio - tagged marine predators , including sharks , sea turtles and penguins .
The authors found that the predators used a foraging strategy very close to a specialized random walk pattern , called a Lévy walk , an optimal method for searching complex landscapes .
At the end of the paper 's abstract they wrote , " … Lévy - like behaviour seems to be widespread among diverse organisms , from microbes to humans , as a ' rule ' that evolved in response to patchy resource distributions . "
This gave Cummings and his colleagues a new perspective on the cell movements that they were observing in the microscope .
They adopted the basic assumption that when mammalian cells migrate they face problems , such as efficiently finding randomly distributed targets like nutrients and growth factors , that are analogous to those faced by single - celled organisms foraging for food .
advertisement
With this perspective in mind , Alka Potdar , now a post - doctoral fellow at Case Western Reserve University and the Cleveland Clinic , cultured cells from three human mammary epithelial cell lines on two - dimensional plastic plates and tracked the cell motions for two - hour periods in a " random migration " environment free of any directional chemical signals .
Epithelial cells are found throughout the body lining organs and covering external surfaces .
They move relatively slowly , at about a micron per minute which corresponds to two thousandths of an inch per hour .
When Potdar carefully analyzed these cell movements , she found that they all followed the same pattern .
However , it was not the Lévy walk that they expected , but a closely related search pattern called a bimodal correlated random walk ( BCRW ) .
This is a two - phase movement : a run phase in which the cell travels primarily in one direction and a re-orientation phase in which it stays in place and reorganizes itself internally to move in a new direction .
In subsequent studies , currently in press , the researchers have found that several other cell types ( social amoeba , neutrophils , fibrosarcoma ) also follow the same pattern in random migration conditions .
They have also found that the cells continue to follow this same basic pattern when a directional chemical signal is added , but the length of their runs are varied and the range of directions they follow are narrowed giving them a net movement in the direction indicated by the signal .
" For the first time , this gives us a general framework for analyzing the way cells move , " says Potdar .
Research Associate Junhwan Jeon , Associate Professor Alissa Weaver and Professor Vito Quaranta also participated in the study .
The research was funded by the National Cancer Institute 's Integrative Cancer Biology Program through a center grant to Vanderbilt University Medical Center .
Quaranta is the grant 's principal investigator .
Kebab with Herbs Recipe Ingredients : 1/2 kg 1 teaspoon 1 teaspoon Marinade 1/2 cup 1 1/2 teaspoon 1 1/2 teaspoon 1 tablespoon 1 teaspoon 1 tablespoon Ground to paste 4 tablespoons 2 tablespoons 2 tablespoons 1 tablespoon 1 tablespoon 1 tablespoon Garnish 1 1 Boneless mutton , beef or pork Red chili powder Garam masala powder Curd , whisked Ginger paste Garlic paste Lime juice Salt Grated raw papaya Chopped coriander leaves Chopped green capsicum Chopped spinach Chopped mint leaves Chopped green chilies Dry fenugreek leaves Onion , sliced Lime , sliced Method :
Wash meat , pat dry and cut into 5 cm cubes .
Combine ingredients for marinade , mix in meat and marinate for 6 hours .
Add ground paste with chili powder and garam masala to marinated meat .
Mix well and set aside for 30 minutes more .
Grill kebab in an electric grill preheated to 220 o C for 3 - 4 minutes on each side , brushing occasionally with marinade .
You can also barbecue the meat over a charcoal fire for 4 - 5 minutes .
Garnish with onion and lime slices , and serve with naan or roomali roti .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An artist has sculpted a church in Gloucestershire from a grain of sand and mounted it in the eye of a needle .
Willard Wigan MBE specialises in micro sculptures and was challenged by his girlfriend to recreate her local church - St Bartholomew 's in Chosen Hill .
The 53 - year - old used a minute shard of diamond to chisel the sand and an eyelash to brush the debris away .
Mr Wigan , whose work has to be viewed through a microscope , is considering auctioning the model for charity .
He took the grain of sand from the churchyard itself and carved the model from memory .
His girlfriend Rachel Slade said : " I kept taunting him and getting him to do it .
" One day , I came up to his house and he said , ' Rachel , I 've got something to show you ' .
" I looked under the microscope .
[ It was ] absolutely fantastic . "
Mr Wigan used a grain of sand from the actual churchyard
The vicar of St Bartholomew's , the Reverend Jonathan Perkin , said he thought the sculpture was beautiful .
" I thought it was very fitting because the Christian story is a wonderful love story about a God who is so big and yet became micro in the person of Jesus and came to love us , " he said .
Mr Wigan , from Birmingham , discovered his skill after struggling to cope with dyslexia as a child , but said he found encouragement from his mother .
" She said you ' ca n't read , you can't write well , but the smaller your work , the bigger your name will come , " he said .
Mr Wigan has exhibited his work around the world , but is still not happy with what he has achieved .
" As small as what you 've seen , it 's not the best of me yet , " he said .
" I 'm taking it even smaller because I 'm not satisfied with my work right now , it 's too big . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - China has added long - range missiles near Taiwan and leads the self - ruled island in military defenses , a U.S. navy official said , suggesting that Taiwan may need new F - 16 jet fighters .
China has deployed “ an increasing number ” of Russian surface - to - air missiles across an ocean strait about 160 km ( 100 miles ) from Taiwan , U.S. Navy Commander Robert Willard told a Senate committee in Washington but did not give a timeframe .
“ Beijing remains committed to eventual unification with Taiwan and has not ruled out the use of force to achieve that goal , ” Willard said , according to a statement made available on Saturday by the U.S. Pacific Command .
“ The ( People ’s Liberation Army ’s ) continued military advancements sustain a trend of shifting the cross -Strait military balance in Beijing ’s favor , ” he said .
A $ 6.4 - billion U.S. arms package for Taiwan announced in January would shore up the island ’s self - defense , but has enraged China .
Although Willard did not say whether Washington should grant Taiwan ’s long sought request to buy F - 16 fighter jets , seen as a red line in already tense Sino - U.S. ties , he said existing aircraft would “ have to be recapitalized . ”
China has claimed sovereignty over Taiwan since 1949 , when Mao Zedong ’s forces won the Chinese civil war and Chiang Kai - shek ’s Nationalists fled to the island .
But ties have warmed since 2008 as the two sides began to talk trade .
Take in musical performances from the Latin School Jazz Band and have a slice of Bleeding Heart Bakery 's Chicago - style birthday cake for free at The Chicago History Museum -- where else ?
The festivities begin at 10:30 am , March 4 .
And , if you share a birthday with the Windy City , you 'll receive a special certificate signed by the mayor .
Neurotoxins from cone snails and spiders help neurobiologists Sebastian Auer , Annika S. Stürzebecher and Dr. Ines Ibañez - Tallon of the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine Berlin - Buch , Germany , to investigate the function of ion channels in neurons .
Ion channels in the cell membrane enable cells to communicate with their environment and are therefore of vital importance .
The MDC researchers have developed a system which for the first time allows the targeted , long - lasting investigation of ion channel function in mammals and also the blockade of the ion channels with neurotoxins .
In transgenic mice they succeeded in blocking chronic pain by introducing a toxin gene into the organism ( Nature Method , doi:10.1038/NMETH.1425 ) .
Credit : Graphics : Sebastian Auer / Copyright : MDC
Neurotoxins from cone snails and spiders help neurobiologists Sebastian Auer , Annika S. Stürzebecher and Dr. Ines Ibañez - Tallon of the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine ( MDC ) Berlin - Buch , Germany , to investigate the function of ion channels in neurons .
Ion channels in the cell membrane enable cells to communicate with their environment and are therefore of vital importance .
The MDC researchers have developed a system which for the first time allows the targeted , long - lasting investigation of ion channel function in mammals and also the blockade of the ion channels with neurotoxins .
In transgenic mice they succeeded in blocking chronic pain by introducing a toxin gene into the organism .
There are approximately 500 species of cone snails , each producing 50 - 200 different conotoxins .
A similar number of peptide toxins are produced by snakes , spiders , sea anemones , scorpions and other venomous animals .
The animals use the neurotoxins to paralyze their prey .
Scientists estimate that more than 100,000 neurotoxins exist .
They have become a topic of enormous research interest :
Using neurotoxins researchers can target different ion channels , receptors and other signaling molecules and characterize their physiological function .
This kind of research can also give them insight into disease processes and eventually help them to find new therapies to eventually block hyperactive ion channels .
For instance , a compound ( Ziconotide ) based on the toxin of a cone snail is already used to treat severe chronic pain in patients .
Dr. Ibañez - Tallon 's research group is concentrating on two ion channels in the membrane of neurons which are activated by electric stimulation ( action potential ) .
Once activated , they allow the influx of calcium ions into the neuron , and the cell then releases chemicals ( neurotransmitters ) , which send the signal to the next neuron .
During the last decades soluble neurotoxins have greatly helped in the characterization of ion channels and receptors because of their ability to specifically bind and inhibit these channels .
However , soluble neurotoxins can only be applied for limited time , and their activity cannot be directed to specific cells .
Sebastian Auer , Annika S. Stürzebecher and Dr. Ibañez - Tallon managed to circumvent this problem with genetic engineering .
Using lentiviruses they developed a shuttle to deliver the genes of cone snail and spider toxins into the neurons .
The result :
The neurons now long - lastingly produce toxins which directly bind to the calcium ion channels the researchers want to investigate .
This was the first step - the targeted and long - lasting binding of the toxins to a specific ion channel in the cell culture .
Secondly , the researchers were able to demonstrate that with their tool they can also express toxin genes in animals in a targeted way and also lastingly characterize ion channels .
In transgenic mice they were able to block certain calcium ion channels with their toxins and thus block chronic pain .
Explore further Unraveling the mysteries of poison
More information : Silencing neurotransmission with membrane - tethered toxins , Nature Methods , doi:10.1038/NMETH.1425 .
Silencing neurotransmission with membrane - tethered toxins ,
MMA Weekly
Following just his second career loss to Merab Dvalishvili at UFC on ESPN + 25 this past February , bantamweight Casey Kenny was looking to rebound with a strong performance against Louis Smolka in his follow - up bout three months later at UFC Fight Night .
For Kenny , his fight versus Smolka went just about as well as he could have hoped , picking up a first - round submission just three minutes into the fight .
“ I think it was honestly one of my best performances , ” Kenney told MMAWeekly.com .
“ Even though it was short notice , I came out and did what I was supposed to do .
I started off with a leg kick , landed my shot , rocked him and submitted him , so it was about as perfect as you can get .
” Coming into the bout with Smolka off the heels of the coronavirus lockdown , Kenney admits it was a bit of a different feel than he normally has going into fights , but he persevered as he feels he usually does .
“ I think that ’s one thing I do pretty well , no matter what happens I ’m going to weather the storm and come out on top , ” said Kenney .
“ It was definitely a different experience .
“ There was n’t really any camp .
Even in the training beforehand it was just doing little groups , doing stuff on my own mainly .
Then the fight , we were kind of locked down to the hotel , no fans , but it was all great experience .
Part of this sport is being able to roll with the punches and make adjustments .
” On Saturday on Fight Island in Abu Dhabi , Kenney ( 14 - 2 - 1 ) will look to pick up his second straight win when he faces Heili Alateng ( 14 - 7 - 1 ) in a UFC on ESPN 16 : Holm vs. Aldana preliminary bantamweight bout .*
* *TRENDING > UFC Fight Island Behind the Scenes : Holly Holm vs. Irene Aldana* * * “ He ’s a tough guy who is going to come forward , throw a big right hand , going to wrestle hard , but I think he ’s pretty basic in his approach , ” Kenney said of Alateng .
“ I think I just have too many weapons for him .
“ I ’ll pick my shots , be creative when I need to , be strong with my basics when I need to , and wherever the fight goes I think I can beat him .
I think I ’m just overall too well - rounded on the feet and on the ground .
” Should he come out healthy versus Alateng , Kenney is looking to get back into the Octagon right away , even while still on Fight Island if possible .
“ I want to get rich back in there , ” said Kenney .
“ I ’m going to try to petition to stay on Fight Island and get another in as quick as possible if everything goes well .
“ This will be my fifth UFC fight , and I ’ve been pretty unscathed in my all four .
I ’m grateful for all the fights that I ’m getting , but I ’d like to make one more before the end of the year to cap off the year . ” * * * Trending Video > UFC 253 : Israel Adesanya vs Paulo Costa Recap( Subscribe to MMAWeekly.com on YouTube )
The US Supreme Court refused Tuesday to block a law allowing same - sex marriages in Washington DC , clearing the way for the legislation to go into effect Wednesday .
Chief Justice John Roberts , in a three - page opinion that sidestepped the legal issues involved , said the matter should be decided by local courts and decision makers in the US capital city .
Roberts rejected a petition by opponents of gay marriage for a stay that would have prevented the law from taking effect .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Without addressing the merits of petitioners ’ underlying claim …
I conclude that a stay is not warranted , Roberts wrote .
Roberts responded to the emergency petition but said the full court would be “ unlikely ” to hear the case as presented .
He said that “ as a matter of judicial policy if not judicial power it has been the practice of the Court to defer to the decisions of the courts of the District of Columbia on matters of exclusively local concern . ”
The ruling clears the path for same - sex couples to begin applying for marriage licenses as early as Wednesday in the city , which will join the states of Iowa , Connecticut , Massachusetts , Vermont and New Hampshire in allow gay marriage .
Roberts also refused an emergency request for a referendum on the question .
ADVERTISEMENT
But he said the petitioners may be able to pursue a ballot initiative under the city charter to repeal the act .
Roberts noted that the law was adopted by the city council and placed before Congress for a required 30 - day period of review , and that the Congress “ has chosen not to act . ”
A separate petition for a ballot initiative “ is now awaiting consideration by the DC Court of Appeals , which will need to address many of the same legal questions that petitioners have raised here , ” Roberts said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Unlike their petition for a referendum , however , the request for an initiative will not become moot when the act becomes law .
On the contrary , the DC Court of Appeals will have the chance to consider the relevant legal questions on their merits , and petitioners will have the right to challenge any adverse decision ” at the Supreme Court “ at the appropriate time . ”
Superconductivity is one of those nearly magical properties that seem to defy all intuition for how the physical world ought to work .
In a superconductor , electric currents flow without resistance — an electron passes unimpeded through the material like a torpedo through some frictionless ocean .
After discovering the phenomenon in 1911 Dutch physicist Heike Kamerlingh Onnes showed that an electric current in a closed superconducting loop of mercury would keep flowing long after the driving potential was removed ; he demonstrated his discovery by carrying such a persistent current from the Netherlands to England .
Since then physicists have discovered superconductors based on other metals and even ceramics .
The latest entry is one rooted in a hydrocarbon , which superconducts at a relatively high temperature compared with elemental metals .
The finding comes from a team of Japanese researchers , who report in the March 4 issue of Nature that the hydrocarbon molecule picene , ordinarily a semiconductor , becomes a potential superconductor when interspersed with an alkali metal such as potassium or rubidium .
( Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . )
And when picene ( C 22 H 14 ) is doped with potassium , it superconducts at a relatively toasty 18 kelvins ( –255 degrees C ) .
Although the transition temperature is far below that of superconductors based on the ceramiclike copper oxides , where electricity can flow without resistance at around 160 kelvins , or – 113 degrees C , the discovery could lead to the development of new , high - temperature superconductors rooted in organic chemistry .
Yoshihiro Kubozono , a professor of solid - state chemistry and physics at Okayama University in Japan and a study co-author , says that picene is the first example of a superconducting hydrocarbon .
( Researchers have had similar success coaxing strictly carbon - based compounds to superconduct , for instance by doping the fullerene C 60 with potassium . )
Hydrocarbons are better known for their combustibility than their electric properties : Gasoline is a blend of hydrocarbons , including the familiar octane ( C 8 H 18 ) ; the natural gas that heats about half of U.S. homes is mostly methane ( CH 4 ) .
Picene occurs naturally in coal tar and is found in residues from petroleum refining , but Kubozono and his colleagues synthesized the compound for the new study .
The picene molecule is flat , and it forms crystals comprising stacked layers .
Cooking the compound for days with an alkali metal such as potassium introduced metallic atoms between the hydrocarbon layers , which enhanced its conductivity in the planes parallel to the picene slabs .
Kubozono says that he and his colleagues are now doping picene with other metals — in the new study , the group reports trying sodium and cesium , in addition to potassium and rubidium — to further boost the material 's superconducting temperature .
They are also experimenting with other hydrocarbons to see which ones can superconduct , Kubozono says .
Brian Maple , a physicist at the University of California , San Diego , says the research is an encouraging step in expanding the realm of superconductivity , particularly in the high - temperature regime .
" This is just another example of how prevalent superconductivity is amongst a broad range of materials if you can make them into metals , " he says .
" Globally , I think this just shows that one should be very optimistic about finding superconductors with higher transition temperatures by looking in directions that heretofore one would have thought would n't be very promising . "
Let ’s start with some basics :
This is far from extraordinary – even if it is n’t common .
19 bills have been enacted , with another 3 being vetoed by the use of reconciliation since 1980 .
But let ’s look at some of the major ones that were under the Bush enabled drunken sailor Republican Congress ( apologies to all drunken sailors ) .
Here are some important points to consider and repeat :
Prior to 2001 , good or bad bills aside – every single bill passed through reconciliation REDUCED the deficit ;
Not one , but two of the major Bush tax DEFICIT BALLOONING cuts were passed under reconciliation ;
The combined addition to the deficit of JUST THESE 2 tax cuts were over $ 2.3 TRILLION over a ten year period .
And how close were these two votes ?
The 2003 budget busting tax cuts were passed 51 - 49 and the 2001 budget busting tax cuts passed with less than 60 votes ( 58 - 33 ) , and not one single Republican voted against the bill .
Also , the ANWR oil drilling bill was passed under reconciliation by a vote of 52 - 47 and yet another tax bill in 2005 was passed in reconciliation , by a 54 - 44 vote , with only 3 Republicans voting against it .
This one decreased the capital gains tax rate , just to give one big " highlight " .
So not only should progressives , as blue aardvark notes , be ready to ram this down the throats of Republicans , conservatives and teabaggers , but let ’s be clear just how ( 1 ) partisan the Bush era budget busting tax cut votes were – USED IN RECONCILIATION , ( 2 ) how much they crushed the deficit , ( 3 ) how much they were skewed toward the fat cats who needed them the least and ( 4 ) WERE USED IN RECONCILIATION .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
We had to do it to save the world .
Quite a few observers , including this blog , have been stunned and frustrated at the refusal to investigate what was almost certain accounting fraud at Lehman .
Despite the bankruptcy administrator ’s effort to blame the gaping hole in Lehman ’s balance sheet on its disorderly collapse , the idea that a firm that the firm , which was by its own accounts solvent , would suddenly spring a $ 100 + billion hole its balance sheet , is simply implausible on its face .
Indeed , it was such common knowledge in the Lehman flailing about period that Lehman ’s accounts were sus that Hank Paulson ’s recent book mentions repeatedly that Lehman ’s valuations were phony as if it were no big deal .
Well .
it is folks , as a newly - released examiner ’s report by Anton Valukas in connection with the Lehman bankruptcy makes clear .
The unravelling is n’t merely implicating Fuld and his recent succession of CFOs , or its accounting firm , Arthur Young , as might be expected .
It also emerges that the NY Fed , and thus Timothy Geithner , were at a minimum massively derelict in the performance of their duties , and may well be culpable in aiding and abetting Lehman in accounting fraud and Sarbox violations .
Continue reading at Naked Capitalism »
Classic story
Today , I found out my boyfriend of six years , with whom I wanted to spend my life with , has been cheating behind my back with my friend .
The kicker ?
They met after I invited her to live with us to get away from her chaotic family , and I suspected she was emotionally stunted at the time .
FML
When State Capitalism Fails , We Have Each Other
Statists say that people ca n’t be trusted to interact with each other without someone lording over them .
They view the state as a solution for inevitable problems of human relations .
In reality people often work with each other , without rulers , to solve the problems created by rulers and statists .
Recently the number and size of homeless encampments has risen dramatically , creating scenes reminiscent of Great Depression era Hoovervilles – shanty towns named for the first president to administer over the Depression , Herbert Hoover .
Austrian School economists including Murray Rothbard have chronicled the government policies that led to the Great Depression .
The short of it is the Federal Reserve greatly increased the supply of money , lowering interest rates and encouraging a boom of unsustainable investments .
This led to a bust when it had to be paid for and the money supply was contracted .
Of course , a system designed to safeguard power and privilege through force , favoritism , regulation , and outright theft and murder is bound to get caught up at some time .
Herbert Hoover , a progressive with a history of supporting government intervention , believed that government should be an active player in economic recovery .
His administration raised taxes , tariffs , and subsidies , and pushed for the creation of government programs and industrial cartels .
This of course failed .
Government cannot create wealth , but can only redistribute it .
And since government responds to the political pull of the powerful interests it serves , not to the demands of numerous actors of the market , it will disrupt , rather than encourage the creation of wealth .
If government ca n’t save us , who will ?
We will save each other through mutual aid , solidarity , and other enterprising activity .
House sharing is one response to rising housing expenses .
Just having access to a solid structure and indoor plumbing can greatly increase living quality .
One organization that works to connect people who need housing with people who are willing to share space ( often to help meet expenses ) is HomeSharing , Inc. , which has operated in New Jersey for over 25 years .
Craigslist and similar networks now connect people for whatever housing arrangements they might work out .
Free economies built from the ground up can enable more choice and accountability than the state - controlled economy .
And they will enable people to be less vulnerable to the failures of state capitalism .
Connecting with people via the internet and face - to - face communication can make this a viable option .
Some opportunities include barter networks ( including those that involve commodities like DelValley Silver ) , Really Free Markets where people give and take items as they want , local gardens , and the numerous examples of free exchange found in Kevin Carson ’s Center for a Stateless Society paper “ Society After State Capitalism . ”
When people do things without asking permission , they might break laws .
But mutual aid and solidarity can be used as weapons against authority .
Working around the system to alleviate the problems it creates can build a strong position to challenge the system from .
“ Counter - economics ” is a term coined by Samuel Konkin to describe the economics of acting counter to the establishment .
He advocated trading risk for profit to build non-coercive underground markets .
Eventually organizations forming in these markets would be able to overcome the state , as the loss of economic control and popular support severely weakened state power .
Counter - economics is most useful as a strategic concept when it is not described as simply doing what is counter to the state ’s commands ( a reaction to the state ) , but is instead seen as actively building an economy that helps people live counter to authority .
It is the economic basis for networks of free individuals resisting the imposition of authority .
Practicing solidarity and mutual aid can make the counter - economy a more attractive choice than the state - controlled economy .
If you need help becoming autonomous then other people , knowing it is in their interest to include more people in libertarian action , will help you .
This is better than the statist system , in which most people are at best just another file for some bureaucrat trying to get through the day , another annoyance for some cop trying to do his job , another resource for some politician looking for glory – and at worst a target for thugs with government privilege or trash to be removed when in the way .
Liberty and solidarity can help people flourish better than statism and authority .
When people assist each other without some lord stealing from them and giving only commands in return , the aid is mutual .
( CNN ) --
An audio message purportedly from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden threatened retaliation against Americans if alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is executed .
The message -- aired Thursday by the Arabic - language TV network Al - Jazeera -- is directed at " the American people about our prisoners , " the speaker said .
" Your master in the White House is following his predecessor in many important issues , like escalating the war in Afghanistan and unfairly treating our prisoners -- led by the hero jihadi Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , " who faces trial in the United States for his alleged actions in the 2001 attack .
" The White House declared that they will execute Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and his comrades in arms . "
If the United States makes a decision to execute al Qaeda prisoners , " it would be responsible when we execute anyone of you we capture , " he threatened .
" We have been enduring your masters ' oppression for a long time , especially by supporting Israel 's occupation of our land in Palestine .
Our reaction to that oppression was heard loudly on the 11th with God 's help , " a reference to the Sept. 11 , 2001 attack on the United States .
" Justice is to be treated in the same manner , " he said .
Afghanistan Crossroads : Official on latest purported message : ' Height of absurdity '
Purported bin Laden messages last surfaced in late January .
In one of them , the al Qaeda leader condemned the United States and other industrial nations for causing climate change .
The message criticized former U.S. President George W. Bush for rejecting the Kyoto Protocol on global warming , and the speaker condemned international corporations .
In another , bin Laden claimed responsibility for the alleged Christmas Day attempt by Nigerian national Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab to blow up a Northwest Airlines plane as it approached Detroit , Michigan , from Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Bin Laden also warned the United States of more attacks .
CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the messages .
CNN 's Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .
David Frum got an enormous amount of attention for his blog post arguing that Republicans erred by refusing to engage with Democratic moderates on health care reform .
Now he 's resigned from the American Enterprise Institute .
It does n't look all that voluntary :
I have been a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute since 2003 .
At lunch today , AEI President Arthur Brooks and I came to a termination of that relationship .
Below is the text of my letter of resignation .
2010-02-20T18:00:29-05:00
https://images.c-span.org/Files/3d0/292185-10-m.jpg
Glenn Beck spoke at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
In his remarks he criticized both parties likening progressivism to “ cancer in America , ” and cautioning Republicans to articulate policy proposals .
He also used a black chalkboard during his presentation to highlight his points .
Glenn Beck spoke at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
In his remarks he criticized both parties likening progressivism to “ cancer in … read more
Keep all of your field supplies in one easy - to - access place for the best field experience .
Sturdy and affordable Plateau Design Field Pouches keep you organized with :
* Easy access to field book , pencils , markers , protractor .
* Over flap with quick - release medical grade Velcro protects contents .
* Large inner pocket for stereoscope , keys , cell phone , slim camera .
* Heavy duty 11 oz .
Cordura , industrial thread , seam tape , with strong belt loops of 2 ″ x 4 ″ seatbelt webbing .
* Dimensions - 8 ″ wide x 9 ″ tall x 1.25 ″ deep .
NEW YORK — “ If you hate gay people , vote for me . ”
This disturbing message seems that it could very well be the campaign message of Hiram Monseratte , the former state senator who was booted from his post after he was found guilty of domestic violence charges and who is now running in a March 16 special election to win back his former position .
Monserrate is challenging Jose Peralta , currently a State Assembly member , for the seat in New York ’s 13th senatorial district , which includes Jackson Heights , East Elmhurst and Corona , all in Queens .
An unsigned non-union flier , distributed by supporters of Monserrate , referred to the ousted senator ’s election rival , State Assembly member Jose Peralta , as “ the gay caballero . ”
Further , the “ community alert ” said that Peralta is a “ spokesperson for the gay community ’s [ sic ] in NYC , ” who are “ dedicated to destroying our way of life . ”
On March 4 , Monseratte held an anti-GLBT rally outside Peralta ’s office in Jackson Heights , Queens .
Monseratte was the main speaker , along with Catholic and other clergy members .
Ricardo Reyes , a pastor of the El Elyon Christian Church in Corona , said , “ I have seen a generation sunk down by the gay community …
If we vote for a gay marriage situation , then we are sending our children to practice something against the Bible . ”
The rally was in part to target Fight Back NY , which Monserrate and his cohorts called a group of outsiders trying to infiltrate the neighborhood .
But City Council member Daniel Dromm of Jackson Heights , took issue with the characterization of FBNY as well as Elyon ’s statements .
He noted that “ Jackson Heights holds the second largest gay pride parade outside the borough of Manhattan .
We are a multicultural and multi-ethnic community and we do not support hate . ”
Aside from anti-gay bigots , Monserrate is n’t getting much support .
Peralta , his opponent has received endorsements from a diverse crowd : the AFL - CIO , Rev. Al Sharpton , New York Senators Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand , virtually all of the City Council members in the 13th district , NARAL and Planned Parenthood , the Si Se Puede Democratic Club of Corona and numerous others .
According to Dennis Hughes , president of the New York State AFL - CIO , his organization “ will coordinate a comprehensive get - out - the - vote effort , including mailings , phone banks and door - to - door visits to union members .
I am confident that with labor ’s support , José Peralta will be elected . ”
Hughes noted that Peralta has a 100 percent pro-labor voting record .
Hughes represents 2.5 million unionists overall , and more than 13,000 in the 13th district .
Also targeting Monserrate is President Obama ’s grassroots group , Organizing for America .
Monserrate has angered them by using Obama ’s “ Yes we can ” campaign slogan and featuring Obama and OFA logos on campaign literature .
According to OFA , Monserrate did not seek , and would not get , permission to use the logos .
A list of Monserrate supporters was not available as of this writing .
Photo :
Last year protestors rallied against Hiram Monseratte , who promised he would vote “ Yes ” for the marriage equality bill , then ended up voting “ No . ” http://www.flickr.com/photos/jmeng34/ / CC BY-NC 2.0
Perhaps a game of job title bingo ?
By Tom de Castella
The economic gloom means a squeeze on salaries .
But employers may try to keep staff on side with beefed - up job titles by way of compensation .
Instead of " what do you do ? " today this question may be phrased in a subtly different form : " what 's your job title ? "
The answer may be as clear as mud , for 21st Century job titles can be a verbal minefield .
Unpaid overtime repaid with a new title Job title inflation is everywhere .
Last week the Plain English Campaign received a local authority job advert from a member of the public for a " person - centred transition facilitator " .
" We debated for hours what this means .
It might be a social worker dealing with disabled children ? " says a spokesman .
Other examples from its files include ambient replenishment controller and regional head of services , infrastructure and procurement .
Also known as shelf stacker and caretaker .
And in her review of 2009 , the Financial Times columnist Lucy Kellaway awarded job title of the year to a journalism student whose business card read " Life explorer , multimedia storyteller , experience architect " .
While some achieve absurd job titles all by themselves , others have absurdity thrust upon them .
Newspapers ' job adverts reveal a muster station of longwinded titles from the jargonistic - transformation project manager ( reablement ) - to the comically contradictory - head of offending services - or the downright weird - generic DIP practitioner .
A vacancy for a ... what ?
One might argue that at a time of economic crisis , job titles are irrelevant - all that matters is having a job .
And a new title - particularly if it signals extra responsibility - can make an employee feel more valued in the absence of a salary rise .
Natalie Evans , deputy director of the thinktank Policy Exchange , believes complicated job titles are bad for society .
" I 'm somewhat sceptical that giving someone a ridiculous job title make a difference to the value we see in our job .
It can mean people are n't clear on what they 're supposed to be doing .
And it undermines public trust because we can't find out whom to talk to at an organisation . "
Because of the pressure on public finances , the more bizarre job titles may disappear .
" There 'll be a sharper focus on what people do and their titles .
Both the private and public sector will have to focus on core business .
So it may be these jobs will simply cease to exist . "
Up- titling But Stephen Overell , associate director of the Work Foundation , says the days of the self - evident career - the butcher , the baker , the candlestick maker - are all but gone .
Can your job title fit comfortably on a business card ?
" The reason these titles are changing is because work is becoming more cognitively complex and developing its own structure and jargon .
And common experience is becoming rarer as companies try to find niches and grow increasingly specialised . "
Yet there is another crucial factor at play .
Status , and the desire to flatter .
" It 's often things like ' partnership relationship manager ' , a job that might once have been done by a secretary , so there 's title inflation at work . "
The Plain English Campaign notes the increasing number of jobs carrying the suffix " officer " in the past 20 years , particularly among public sector workers .
But does it matter ?
" I do n't think there 's anything wrong with that at an individual level , " says Mr Overell .
" But at a general level it tends to confuse , to make things opaque that ought to be made simple . "
He holds one group responsible .
" Human resources are the worst miscreants .
They 're often responsible for escalating the jargon on their own jobs .
I remember one HR manager whose title was ' talent and transformation country manager ' and another ' vice president HR ( employment relations , outsourcing and change ) ' . "
But Angela Baron , of the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development , says long titles seek to explain what a worker actually does .
" People can get very emotional about their job titles if it does n't reflect their level of seniority or responsibility .
All sorts of menial jobs have quite sophisticated titles to make them feel their jobs are important .
So on the Newcastle Metro , ticket inspectors are now called revenue protection officers .
It has made their jobs sound more important - and why not ? "
Verging on parody
However , such an approach leaves employees open to ridicule .
It takes one back to the Victoria Wood sketch in which Hugh Laurie 's pompous character - demoted to working in the canteen - exclaims : " I 've a challenging new role I 'm very much looking forward to delivering popular yet high quality toast . "
Hugh Laurie up - titles his new role Indeed , job titles seem to be in danger of slipping into parody , says Mr Overell .
Take David Brent , the poster boy for management jargon .
Ricky Gervais 's creation understood the importance of one 's job title .
Whenever his subordinate Gareth Keenan introduced himself as " assistant regional manager " , Brent would interject " assistant to the regional manager " .
But Ian Jack , the former editor of literary magazine Granta , says the tide may be turning against work that spawns woolly titles .
" Nowadays you might ask if a lot of paid work is strictly necessary .
We 've had such a false belief in the service industries that we have all kinds of esoteric functions like ' head of access and enrichment ' .
If we can't understand it after five minutes of thought , what does that say ? "
Short , sweet and to the point
So two trends - the shortage of skilled craftspeople , and the huge cost of expanding higher education - may start to change the very nature of work .
" The great pressure on the public purse means the target of getting 50 % of school leavers to go to university has gone forever . "
For Mr Jack - who left school and got a job on the local paper - that 's nothing to mourn .
He complains of a Britain in which " the products of long educations sit on trains fiddling with symbols on their laptop screens or making self - important calls to say they are running late for the meeting " .
The new economic reality , and a revival of trades and crafts , could begin to reverse that - and perhaps rehabilitate the humble but proud one - word job title .
" For me ' reporter ' has always been the finest job description you could have , " he says .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I had " senior " added to the start of my job title last year when " only " would have been more accurate .
I presume it's in recognition of my hair turning grey at 32 .
Peter , Notts
For a few glorious weeks I basked under the title of " Global Troubleshooter " .
Immensely satisfying .
Tori I 'm the Group TSR Undertakings UKB Migrations Roadmap Lead .
I think it slightly implies something about morticians walking their pet geese south for the winter .
It 's really nothing to do with that .
Kat Gregg , Coventry
My job title is Administration Co-Ordinator .
My friends asked me what the difference was between that and my old job , where I was a Senior Administrator .
The difference is , simply , that with this one I get a lower salary , but more help from people who 's efforts I ' co- ordinate ' .
Whereas my old job had higher pay ( because of the word senior ) but more stress , higher demands , expected unpaid overtime and less help .
Kate Jones , Lancaster , UK My job title is : Finance Analyst & BOM Maintainer .
It makes sense in the sector I work in , but I imagine is quite unclear to anybody else .
John Andrew , Liverpool
My previous job title was " teacher " but I have recently been looking to change career and have been confronted with reams of job titles which mean absolutely nothing to me .
For every application I have made I have had to spend extensive time on the internet researching what that job might actually be .
Amusing yes , but a serious point is that it all makes it very difficult for someone wanting to transition from one career to another .
I 'll start my new job soon - Advice and Support Officer ( Systems and Operations Management ) .
I 'd be lying if I said I knew exactly what that title means .
Becky , Manchester , England I went to a interview last week for a job titled " Facilities Administrator " ; once this role was explained , it is actually run -of - the - mill : Assistant .
Sarah , Oxford Several years ago I used to work with a colleague who had the job title - Head of Knowledge Creation .
Surprisingly he was actually quite a modest person .
Mark Taylor , Cambridge , UK County - wide Physical Disability and Sensory Services Business Support Assistant .
In short , Administrator .
G Johnston , Cambridge , UK I am a dinner lady but my official job title is lunchtime supervisor .
Joan Rivers , Burton on Trent
When I was in the Navy they changed my title from Fleet Chief Radio Mechanician to " Warrant Officer Weapons Engineer ( Action Data , Communications and Electronic Warfare ) .
My name badge was so long I kept listing to port .
Mike Sweeney
My boss in the bank was always going on about targets and " vision " and as I did n't have a job title he was thrilled when I came up with my own - Sales , Lending and Vision Executive .
Of course when I put it in as the reference in a letter I got into trouble for using the acronym SLAVE .
Isla Biggs , Durham
The NHS has its own ridiculous job titles .
I am currently a senior healthcare technical officer and on Monday I shall become healthcare science associate practitioner .
Which do you think is more senior ?
The answer is neither .
They are pretty much the same job at the same level , just different areas .
Rebecca , Leeds I am currently a Psychological Wellbeing Practitioner .
Previously while in the same role I have been , a Low Intensity Worker , a Primary Care Mental Health Worker and a Graduate Mental Health Worker .
I think when new roles such as mine are created , the language is not there to accommodate it , with jobs such as nurse or taxi driver the language is in place so it makes sense .
Helen , Hertfordshire
The funniest one I read at the bottom of an email the other day was " Reputation Manager " - I wonder what Jane Austen would have made of that .
Ellen , Reading
For many years I was a " Guest Services Agent " ...
I was a hotel receptionist ( yes the company was American ) .
Sarah , Hillingdon I'm a " Genetic Haemato - Onchology Research Technician " .
Could quite easily be shortened to " Lab Monkey " .
Claire , London I once had the pleasure of meeting Kevin Mellett , Nasa 's man in charge of refitting space shuttles between flights .
Pompous job title ?
Not a bit of it .
On his business card he simply describes himself as " Rocket Scientist " .
Ewen McLaughlin , Swansea
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
you can order my cookbook from these stockists :
If there ’s evidence that an animal is a bear , you ’d think there ’s even more evidence that it ’s a mammal .
It turns out that p-values fail this common sense criterion as a measure of evidence .
I just ran across a paper of Mark Schervish1 that contains a criticism of p-values I had not seen before .
p-values are commonly used as measures of evidence despite the protests of many statisticians .
It seems reasonable that a measure of evidence would have the following property .
If a hypothesis H implies another hypothesis H‘ , then evidence in favor of H’ should be at least as great as evidence in favor of H .
Here ’s one of the examples from Schervish ’s paper .
Suppose data come from a normal distribution with variance 1 and unknown mean μ.
Let H be the hypothesis that μ is contained in the interval ( - 0.5 , 0.5 ) .
Let H‘ be the hypothesis that μ is contained in the interval ( - 0.82 , 0.52 ) .
Then suppose you observe x = 2.18 .
The p-value for H is 0.0502 and the p-value for H‘ is 0.0498 .
This says there is more evidence to support the hypothesis H that μ is in the smaller interval than there is to support the hypothesis H‘ that μ is in the larger interval .
If we adopt α = 0.05 as the cutoff for significance , we would reject the hypothesis that - 0.82 < μ < 0.52 but accept the hypothesis that - 0.5 < μ < 0.5 .
We ’re willing to accept that we ’ve found a bear , but doubtful that we ’ve found a mammal .
1 Mark J. Schervish .
“ P values : What They Are and What They Are Not . ” The American Statistician , August 1996 , Vol. 50 , No. 3 .
Update : I added the details of the p-value calculation here .
Related posts
So this is a ‘ very historic day for Ireland ’ , is it ?
Well fuck me .
This is a day that will be taught about in history lessons to future generations ?
This is a day that we will fondly reminisce over in future years ?
To those of you abroad who are missing out on this momentous occasion , I feel sorry for you , for we in Ireland are the chosen ones .
You must be devastated .
You see , we have been sent a letter by an 82 year old member of the Hitler Youth !
Wow !
We are truly honoured .
Old Joe Ratzinger himself has written to apologise for the mayhem and chaos that his followers have caused in the past .
Apparently though it is n’t all their fault .
No .
We are to blame .
The cause of all the child abuse , rape , and general carnage was caused by our secularisation .
I can understand where he is coming from here .
If we had stuck with the good old days and if we still treated the clergy with the deference and adoration that they deserved , then none of this would have come to light .
We would still be stepping off the pavement into the gutter to let a priest pass and we would never have dreamt of questioning their little hobbies that involved our sons and daughters , brothers and sisters .
It never would have occurred to us to demand the resignation of the bishops and cardinals who ran one of the most efficient and organised paedophile rings that the world has ever seen .
I really feel honoured that he has written .
As an outsider to his flock , I do feel a little left out , as the letter is not being read to me personally .
That honour is strictly reserved for those few who , despite everything , still believe in Catholic Church Incorporated .
I am delighted to hear that Joe is sending over his minions to visit us all and to apologise in person .
I have it on good authority that they will be bringing with them many thousands of mirrors , because staring at our reflections seems to be the only way out of this mess .
Yes .
It truly is a very historic day for Ireland .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
More
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
La Mar Cebicheria Peruana , a 16 - month - old restaurant in San Francisco , hits every fashionable trend in restaurant design .
The 300 - seater occupies an 11,000 square - foot loft space in a historic converted ferry building .
The floors are hardwood , the ceiling beams exposed , and the wood tables bare .
It has an open kitchen and a large bar .
A wall of windows overlooks the bay .
The result :
It is the ultimate noise trap .
Many ...
France and Germany are emerging as the crucial backers of any lifeline for Greece , but they have slow growth and budget troubles of their own — deficits equaling 6.3 percent of gross domestic product in Germany and 7.5 percent in France .
And among voters in both countries , “ there is very little appetite for rescues , ” said Marco Annunziata , chief economist for Unicredit .
The most vulnerable country after Greece , some analysts say , is Spain , which has been mired in a deep recession .
Facing an unemployment rate of 20 percent , a budget gap of more than 10 percent of gross domestic product , and an economy expected to shrink by 0.4 percent this year , Madrid has little wiggle room if investors shun an expected 85 billion euros in new bond offerings this year .
Spain ’s neighbor Portugal is also vulnerable .
Large budget and trade deficits , combined with a shortage of domestic savings , leave Portugal dependent on foreign investors .
And , as in Greece , there may be little political will to slash spending or raise taxes .
Image Pensioners demonstrating Wednesday in Athens .
Greece announced new measures meant to improve its economy , among the most troubled in Europe .
Credit ...
Petros Giannakouris / Associated Press
That ’s in sharp contrast to Ireland , which had been a source of anxiety last year .
New austerity measures , including a government hiring freeze and public sector wage cuts , have put it in a stronger position as it raises 19 billion euros this year .
The Italian government is also heavily indebted — it has more than $ 2 trillion in total exposure — but it is also in a slightly stronger position than Spain or Portugal because its economy is expected to grow by 0.9 percent this year and 1.0 percent next year .
In addition , its budget is not as far out of whack , with the deficit this year expected to equal 5.4 percent of G.D.P .
According to Kenneth J. Heinz of Hedge Fund Research , the big hedge funds are now evaluating the response by other European countries in extending a lifeline to Greece before they probe weaknesses and opportunities in other countries .
Are you coachable can you listen to advice with out feeling attacked or as if your mistakes in the past some how control that you are today ?
The fact is many people out there working jobs that pay little to nothing are stuck in a rut .
However can not see that they are and that their thinking is programmed as to what others want them to think .
We are not taught how to think or what systems are better to save us from years of misery or how lack of achievement can burn the mind and body .
Many of you out there find yourself stuck with advice from someone who is willing to keep you down and never see you rise to the top like cream .
When talking with these types of broken spirited people they are loud and never wrong they feel that they are uncontrolled and undeserving or they are just simply not willing to achieve more than the next position life may offer them for a few cents more .
The fact is if you are willing to work like that and except anything or be in servitude with your boss always being the heavy hand over you then quite frankly this is what your life will always be .
When I was a kid people said do not be bullied by other kids stick up for yourself and earn respect .
How as an adult has this same principle been missed by so many in the work force .
Many of you out there go to work every day of your life hating your job .
Or you say this is all I can do because I do not have the diplomas or degrees like the other guy who is my boss .
Many of you place yourselves at the bottom because some where in your life you heard that you did not deserve to be at the top .
It was bad advice that made you become excepting as to your lot in life or destiny
However it ’s not your fault that these mind patterns have invested and lived in your brain .
It ’s what everyone around you has done and well they seem to be just like you .
Does that make it ok that everyone around you is just like you .
Struggling at work , at home , and at life in general .
I heard over and over people saying everyone is in the same situation as I am in so my life is accepted to be this way .
I accept it .
Or they say I only tried for the next position up on the ladder for the small raise because in time , say six months or more I can learn how to make french fries and finally get away from the lettuce department because that ’s where the big bucks start rolling in .
Is that your dream to move from one horror filled job to the next for a lousy few cents raise ?
Is it the something that motivates you to get out of bed everyday ?
Or is your dream your desire what matters most .
Putting food on the table family no money worries ever again .
Ask yourself can the work you are doing right now offer you the things that truly will bring about no money worries and time with family , free time to expand your mind and lift your spirit above what the crowd is doing .
Do you feel that you can achieve these things and make the long hours you spend working for that little raise in pay different by working for the goal of financial freedom .
Many people who are now looking at there lives say I did what I could .
I could not achieve my true hearts desire because the field I was in did not offer what I wanted .
Or they lie and say , “ I did not want the bosses job because I was doing enough work already for the money I was being paid . ”
Really think hard about that statement ?
It shouts out I will except my fate as to being worthy of only what others value me as and in the time when I am no longer of value or give them what they want out of me or they feel I am no longer an asset to the amount they deemed my position to be worth .
They can let me go or replace me with someone else in my position who then they can work to old age .
However at the time of my end of the road , I struggled on .
I will receive a small party with white cake no less than two blue balloons and if the company so desires a gold watch , pen , or other summing up my many years of hard labor for there company with a kick in the back side .
A pension that is not enough to live on .
While said government taxes attack me from all sides .
Where will I end up at the age of 74 to 80 being a greeter at some supper mall for the low wage of $ 4.00 bucks an hour or until an automated welcome voice recording steels that position .
Realizing that I never achieved my goals of having more time with family no money worries and still saying those words some day .
Looking back to when it all started saying if I only knew the secrets that could have changed all of this .
Well first off thank God that day has not happened to you !
Right now you are at the start .
You are worthy of all those dreams and the success that comes with them !
The answer to changing that horrible future is right here right now !
Through mentoring for free you have the opportunity to grow , to succeed , to fly , and feel the wind under your wings to lift you up away from any fate that was a negative in your life !
With the book Success in ten Steps by Michael Dlouhy
You will learn how to clear the clutter out of your head and focus visualize a future that you are the boss that you are in control of .
One that holds travel , Family and a spirit of freshness to everyday that will motivate you to get up out of bed .
Check out the E - Book Success in ten Steps now by clicking the link provided .
Do not be an old person saying if only .
Be a young at heart senior person that said I did and I lived a live life fully with no worries .
Mark Cowell
Perhaps as a reply to the TV show that now holds the community college up to ridicule , Kay Ryan , the US poet laureate , has this to say :
“ I simply want to celebrate the fact that right near your home , year in and year out , a community college is quietly — and with very little financial encouragement — saving lives and minds , ” said Ryan .
“ I ca n’t think of a more efficient , hopeful or egalitarian machine , with the possible exception of the bicycle . ”
Share this : LinkedIn
Print
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Facebook
Pocket
Twitter
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading ...
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama outlined his final version of a health care bill Wednesday and urged Congress to bring the plan to a conclusive vote within the next few weeks .
The president said his nearly $ 1 trillion proposal is a compromise plan that combines the best ideas of both Democrats and Republicans .
He asked Congress to " finish its work " and end what has become a yearlong vitriolic legislative showdown over his top domestic priority .
" Everything there is to say about health care has been said , and just about everybody has said it , " he said .
" Now is the time to make a decision about how to finally reform health care so that it works , not just for the insurance companies , but for America 's families and America 's businesses . "
He also came out in support of a controversial legislative maneuver known as reconciliation , which would allow changes to the health care bill to be passed by the Senate with only 51 votes -- a bare legislative majority .
The bill " deserves the same kind of up - or - down vote " that was used to pass President George W. Bush 's signature tax cuts and welfare reform in the 1990s , Obama said at the White House .
" At stake right now is not just our ability to solve this problem , but our ability to solve any problem , " he said .
" The American people want to know if it 's still possible for Washington to look out for their interests and their future .
They are waiting for us to act . "
He said he does n't " know how this plays politically , " but knows that " it 's right . "
Top Republicans have repeatedly said Obama 's proposal amounts to a government takeover of the private health care system that will do little to control spiraling medical inflation .
In recent weeks , they have reiterated their calls for the president to scrap his plan and start over .
GOP leaders also fiercely oppose the use of reconciliation , saying it was never meant to be used for such a major policy change .
" I am disappointed that Democrats are moving ahead with the nuclear option , " said Michigan Rep . Dave Camp , the top Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee .
" Big social policy changes should have bipartisan support and the support of the American people .
This bill has neither .
But as bad as the process for moving this bill is , the policy and its impact is far worse . "
Multiple Democratic sources have told CNN that the emerging consensus plan is for the House of Representatives to pass the Senate bill and send it to Obama .
A package of changes that mirror the president 's plan would then be passed through both chambers under reconciliation rules .
Democrats increasingly brought up the prospect of using reconciliation after losing their 60 - vote , filibuster - proof Senate majority in January , when GOP Sen .
Scott Brown won the Massachusetts Senate seat previously held by the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , a Democrat .
Observers note , however , that it remains unclear exactly which health care provisions can be approved under reconciliation , which is reserved for legislation pertaining to the budget .
If enacted , the president 's sweeping compromise plan would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago .
The White House says it would extend coverage to 31 million Americans .
Among other things , Obama 's plan would expand Medicare prescription drug coverage , increase federal subsidies to help people buy insurance and give the federal government new authority to block excessive rate increases by health insurance companies .
It increases the threshold -- relative to the Senate bill passed in December -- under which a tax on high - end health insurance plans would kick in .
The president 's proposal also includes significant reductions in Medicare spending , in part through changes in payments made under the Medicare Advantage program .
It does not , however , include a government - run public health insurance option -- an idea strongly backed by liberal Democrats but fiercely opposed by Republicans and key Democratic moderates .
It also eliminates a deeply unpopular provision in the Senate bill worked in by Sen.
Ben Nelson , a Nebraska Democrat , that exempts that state from paying increased Medicaid expenses .
Administration officials say Obama 's measure would cut the deficit by $ 100 billion over the next 10 years .
They estimate the total cost of the bill to be $ 950 billion in the next decade .
Obama extended a final bipartisan olive branch to GOP leaders Tuesday , saying in a letter that he is willing to consider several of their ideas in a compromise plan .
Among other things , the president said he is willing to commit $ 50 million to fund state initiatives designed to reduce medical malpractice costs .
He backed undercover investigations of health care providers receiving Medicare , Medicaid , and other federal programs .
The president also backed Medicaid reimbursement increases to doctors in certain states , and supported language ensuring certain high - deductible health plans can be offered in the health exchange .
The president said his decision to consider the GOP ideas was a result of last week 's health care summit .
GOP leaders , however , have said they are unsatisfied with Obama 's concessions .
" The only thing that will be bipartisan about this proposal will be the opposition to it , " promised Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Kentucky .
" The American people are not for this . "
McConnell predicted that " every election in America this fall will be a referendum on this issue . "
Ben :
The Jewish Anti-Defamation League -- which has been aggressive in defending Benjamin Netanyahu this week -- took an unexpected jab at David Petraeus today for his " dangerous and counterproductive " suggestion that the conflict in the Middle East , and the perception of American favoritism , make it harder for the U.S. to work in the region .
WASHINGTON — The Energy Department filed to withdraw an application for a nuclear - waste repository at Yucca Mountain , formally seeking Wednesday to reverse a Bush administration policy .
The Obama administration 's Energy Department has said that it hopes to develop a new plan for long - term disposal of nuclear waste .
The Energy Department has established a blue - ribbon panel to make recommendations .
The application has been pending with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission since June 2008 , when the Bush administration applied for a license for the first national repository for spent nuclear fuel and high - level radioactive waste .
The Environmental Protection Agency later set radiation standards for the proposed facility , and the government awarded a $ 2.5 billion contract to a URS Corp. unit to manage the facility .
Write to Siobhan Hughes at siobhan.hughes@dowjones.com
As Mark noted in his post introducing me , I 'm winding down a stint as executive editor of MIT Sloan Management Review .
One of my greatest pleasures during that assignment was developing a special report on design thinking .
Most of what gets published about design thinking focuses on getting analytical types to think more creatively .
Usually there are a bunch of examples from Apple and IDEO , leaving CEOs and CFOs more confident about arguing over which shade of mauve to use as the background on a web page .
Instead of taking that approach , we wanted to deliver some more practical and global lessons .
Thanks to my fellow editor Sean Brown , two of my favorite elements of that special report , usually locked behind a paywall , are now available to all .
In How to Become a Better Manager … By Thinking Like a Designer , I talk to two of the smartest people on the planet when it comes to presentations , Nancy Duarte and Garr Reynolds , and we talk about how to influence and persuade in different ways than executive usually do , regardless of whether you ever have to communicate via PowerPoint .
In How Facts Change Everything ( If You Let Them ) , I sit at the feet of the information design giant Edward R. Tufte .
He explains how businesses would think better , make better decisions , and present themselves more powerfully if only they would learn to talk — both internally and externally — in facts .
( Late - breaking Tufte news : he has just been appointed to the Recovery Independent Advisory Panel .
In other words , someone whose whole career has been about promoting accountability and transparency will now be able to do so in the context of public service .
We 're lucky to have him . )
I hope you enjoy these newly freed articles .
And I hope you learn something from listening to Duarte , Reynolds , and Tufte .
I know I did .
An organised cyber - bullying campaign , including abusive emails , is targeting Australian climate scientists who speak out on climate change , according to author Clive Hamilton .
The 2009 Greens candidate says the attacks are arranged by " denialist organisations " and are aimed at driving climate scientists from the public debate .
Professor Hamilton says aggressive , abusive and sometimes threatening emails are being sent to distinguished scientists each time they speak out on the subject .
" Apart from the volume and viciousness of the emails , the campaign has two features - it is mostly anonymous and it appears to be orchestrated , " he wrote in ABC's The Drum .
Professor Hamilton quotes an email received by University of Melbourne Professor David Karoly which compares the scientist 's actions to those of Hitler , Stalin and Pol Pot .
" It is called treason and genocide , " the email says .
" Oh , as a scientist , you have destroyed people 's trust in my profession .
You are a criminal .
Lest we forget . "
But some attacks are more personal .
Professor Hamilton says a young woman opened her email to receive threats against her children .
" Did you want to offer your children to be brutally gang - raped and then horribly tortured before being reminded of their parents ' socialist beliefs and actions ? " the email reportedly says .
" Burn in hell .
Or in the main street , when the Australian public finally lynches you . "
Journalists have also reportedly become targets of the cyber - bullying campaign .
" I have spoken to several , off the record , who have told of torrents of abusive emails when they report on climate change , including some sufficiently threatening for them to consult their supervisors and consider police action , " he says .
" One or two of the cyber - bullies have hinted at the level of organisation , with one following an abusive rant with the comment , 'Copies of my e-mails to you are also being passed out to a huge network for future reference ' . "
Professor Hamilton 's article is the first in a five - part series .
Tomorrow he will explore who is behind the cyber - bullying campaign .
Maybe everyone could use a gay uncle .
A new study found that homosexual men may be predisposed to nurture their nieces and nephews as a way of helping to ensure their own genes get passed down to the next generation .
Research has confirmed that male homosexuality is at least partly hereditary – it tends to cluster in families , and identical twin brothers of gay men are more likely to be gay than fraternal twin brothers , who do not share identical DNA .
But scientists have been puzzled about how these genes are perpetuated , since homosexual males are less likely to reproduce than straight males .
Basically , why have n't gay people gone extinct ?
One idea is called the " kin selection hypothesis . "
Perhaps gay men are biologically predisposed to help raise the offspring of their siblings and other relatives .
" Maybe what 's happening is they 're helping their kin reproduce more by just being altruistic towards kin , " said evolutionary psychologist Paul Vasey of the University of Lethbridge in Canada .
" Kin therefore pass on more of the genes which they would share with their homosexual relatives . "
Vasey and his student Doug VanderLaan tested this hypothesis among a group of men called fa'afafine on the Pacific island of Samoa .
Fa'afafine are effeminate men who are exclusively attracted to men as sexual partners , and are generally recognized and tolerated as a distinct gender category — neither male nor female .
The researchers surveyed about 300 fa'afafine , and found that they were significantly more likely to be altruistic toward their nieces and nephews than either single men or women , or mothers or fathers .
The scientists call this behavior avuncular , or uncle - like .
The fa'afafine reported being much more willing to pay medical and school fees for their nieces and nephews , to help them with homework , babysit , teach them songs and dances .
And a follow - up study confirmed that fa’afafine had indeed spent more money on their young relatives than straight people .
" I am convinced that the fa'afafine have significantly higher avuncular tendencies than men and women , " Vasey told LiveScience .
" And [ the ] latest batch of data seems to indicate that this manifests in [ the ] real world . "
In their most recent study , the researchers tested whether fa'afafine are simply more altruistic toward everyone , or if their attention is targeted at their genetic kin .
Only the latter would help explain how homosexual genes are passed down through generations .
" We thought maybe they just like helping kids in general , so we compared their avuncularity to kin and non-relations , and we found a significant difference , " Vasey said .
" They 're interested in helping their nieces and nephews , and not in non -kin children . "
This divergence differed from straight men and women , who tended to show a more equivalent level of altruism to related and non-related children .
This implies that the behavior is an evolutionary adaptation , the researchers say .
" If fa'afafine have really been selected to be avuncular and this is an adaptation , then they would not be redirecting resources to non-kin children , " Vasey said .
The researchers published their findings in a February issue of the journal Psychological Science .
The kin selection hypothesis was first proposed in the 1970s , but previous efforts to test it among gay male populations in Western societies found no effect .
A study in Chicago and another in England found no difference between gay men and straight people in altruistic behavior toward family members .
" I thought , ' Well , I 'll do the study in Samoa , it 's a non-Western culture and I ’ll get the exact same results and it'll be the nail in the coffin for this theory , ' " Vasey recalled .
" We analyzed the data and we found a significant result for avuncularity .
I could n't believe it .
I told them go back and check the data — we must have made a mistake . "
But subsequent attempts to reproduce the results confirmed the findings in Samoa .
Vasey said he suspects that the conditions just are n't right in modern Western societies for this genetic predisposition to express itself .
One major cultural difference is the individualistic nature of Western society , compared with the collectivistic culture in Samoa .
" We think we 're close to our families , but Samoans are really close to their families , " Vasey said .
" People are more geographically connected in Samoa . "
Additionally , there is less discrimination against fa'afafine , compared with the still - widespread homophobia that exists in many Western societies .
Even if many Western gay men wanted to be doting uncles , their families might not always encourage it .
Vasey said the next step is to test whether this trend exists in other non-Western cultures where males with same - sex attractions are also accepted as a unique category .
He also said that he does n't think the kin selection hypothesis entirely accounts for the endurance of gay genes , but that it likely plays a role in combination with other biological factors .
Correspondents to this website please not the site ’s BT email has been hacked and is inaccessible .
If you have an alternative email for us please use that .
Ed .
" Many repairs are not being done or done properly , and too many flights are leaving the ground in what the FAA calls ' unairworthy ' , or unsafe , condition , " he told USA Today .
In “ On the Origin of Species , ” Darwin relied heavily on the analogy between artificial selection by humans for desirable traits of livestock and natural selection for traits in the wild .
Now Bates had a whole new body of evidence for natural selection in the wild .
Bates explained to Darwin that he had found many instances in which a completely harmless and potentially edible animal resembled a distasteful , inedible , noxious or poisonous species .
He observed flies that looked like bees , beetles that looked like wasps , even caterpillars that looked like pit vipers .
He referred to these as “ analogous resemblances ” or “ mimetic analogies . ”
Bates deduced that defenseless mimics gained an advantage by resembling well - defended species .
He concluded that the many cases he had observed were not mere coincidences , as the mimicking forms only occurred in the same geographical area as the species they imitated .
He offered the phenomenon , still referred to today as Batesian mimicry , as “ a most beautiful proof of the theory of natural selection . ”
Some less scientific , more sentimental naturalists of the day were inclined to view these resemblances among species as merely nature ’s proclivity for beauty and ornamentation , not the consequence of the battle of nature .
Bates countered by pointing to other kinds of imitations , like moths and caterpillars that resembled bird droppings .
Where was the beauty in that , he asked ?
There is good experimental evidence for Batesian mimicry and the advantages gained by innocuous animals that resemble well - defended animals .
But , until recently , there were few tests of how the imitation of bird waste , thorns , twigs or stones actually works .
The challenge is to distinguish whether the ruse is a matter of concealment , with the predator failing to detect the animal , or a case of “ masquerade , ” with the predator actually detecting the imitator , misidentifying it as something inedible , and then ignoring it .
Recently , the biologists John Skelhorn and Graeme D. Ruxton at the University of Glasgow and their collaborators Hannah M. Rowland and Michael P. Speed at the University of Liverpool devised such a test using the twig - imitating caterpillars of the brimstone moth and early thorn moth as prey .
For masquerade to work , a predator must have had some experience with the objects being imitated .
So the scientists divided young chickens into several groups  one group was exposed to a hawthorn branch , which is a common home for the caterpillars , another group was exposed to a hawthorn branch that was wound in colored thread in order to alter its appearance , and a third group was exposed only to an empty testing cage .
No of Bedrooms : 1
This uniquely designed villa is located on the exclusive Royal Westmoreland Golf Resort .
The main entrance of the villa opens into a spacious hallway , with walls of coral stone leading to an ante-room , a mirrored bar room , a fully equipped kitchen and into a large living room area which opens out to a covered verandah .
Buried in the landmark health care bill passed by Democrats is $ 250 million over 5 years for state programs to try to convince young people to wait until marriage for sex .
Proponents of abstinence - only education are thrilled , but there is little evidence this money will be effective in fighting pregnancy or HIV .
“ We ’re very happy to see that funding will continue so the important sexual health message of risk avoidance will reach American teens , ” Valerie Huber , executive director of the National Abstinence Education Association , a D.C. - based lobbying group , told Washington Post .
“ What better place to see such an important health issue addressed than in the health legislation ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ To spend a quarter - billion dollars on abstinence - only - until - marriage programs that have already been proven to fail is reckless and irresponsible , ” James Wagoner of the Washington group Advocates for Youth responded in the same piece from Washington Post .
“ When on top of that you add the fact that this puts the health and lives of young people at risk , this becomes outrageous . ”
Abstinence programs received roughly $ 150 million a year during the previous administration , but independent evaluations concluded that the long decline in teen pregnancies was reversing .
So Obama ’s first budget effectively excluded abstinence funding .
The speculation is that the new $ 250 million , introduced by Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R - Utah ) was left in as part of the effort to win conservative Democratic support .
The Secular Coalition for America , a national advocacy organization representing secular Americans , expressed its deep disapproval over this reversal .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ 2009 marked the first year in nearly three decades that federal birth control funding was focused unequivocally on science - based sex education .
No federal funds were spent on abstinence - only - until - marriage programsÃ¢â‚¬â€ œprograms not supported by scientific consensus .
We are greatly disappointed that health care reform was used as a vehicle for extending this theocratically - motivated program which ignores science , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â said Executive Director Sean Faircloth .
Blogger Michael Petrelis , a gay rights activist , is curious how certain progressive cabinet officials feel about this aspect of health reform , but is n’t holding his breath waiting for a response :
ADVERTISEMENT
The former head of MI5 has alleged that US intelligence agencies concealed their mistreatment of terror suspects .
Baroness Manningham - Buller said that it was only after her retirement in 2007 that she learnt that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who masterminded the 9/11 attacks , had been waterboarded .
Her comments , made in a lecture to the House of Lords , come amid a period of intense controversy over the alleged collusion of British agents with their US counterparts over the use of torture .
She said that the US was " very keen to conceal from us what was happening " , adding : " The Americans were very keen that people like us did not discover what they were doing . "
Last month , it was disclosed that British resident and former Guantanamo Bay detainee Binyam Mohamed had undergone " cruel , inhuman , and degrading " treatment .
Jonathan Evans , current head of MI5 , said that British agents did not collude with foreign agents on this treatment .
Questions have been raised about when the UK learnt that America had changed its policy on torture .
On the case of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Manningham - Buller said that she had wondered how the US had obtained evidence from him : " I said to my staff , ' Why is he talking ? ' because our experience of Irish prisoners , Irish terrorists , was that they never said anything .
" They said , well , the Americans say he is very proud of his achievements when questioned about it .
It was n't actually until after I retired that I read that , in fact , he had been waterboarded 160 times . "
The foreign office declined to comment .
If you are looking to stay at the forefront of the business and technology marketplace , learn more about the advantages of an online business or technology degree from Walden University .
School of Management
Prepare yourself to become an effective leader , manager , and scholar - practitioner with a degree from our School of Management .
School of Technology and Applied Science
Enhance your knowledge of core applications and technology practices in the School of Technology and Applied Science .
Learn more about the College of Management and Technology student population and the satisfaction of students , graduates , faculty , and employers with respect to their experience with Walden .
Nell Irvin Painter ’s title , “ The History of White People , ” is a provocation in several ways : it ’s monumental in sweep , and its absurd grandiosity should call to mind the fact that writing a “ History of Black People ” might seem perfectly reasonable to white people .
But the title is literally accurate , because the book traces characterizations of the lighter - skinned people we call white today , starting with the ancient Scythians .
For those who have not yet registered how much these characterizations have changed , let me assure you that sensory observation was not the basis of racial nomenclature .
Some ancient descriptions did note color , as when the ancient Greeks recognized that their “ barbaric ” northern neighbors , Scythians and Celts , had lighter skin than Greeks considered normal .
Most ancient peoples defined population differences culturally , not physically , and often regarded lighter people as less civilized .
Centuries later , European travel writers regarded the light - skinned Circassians , a k a Caucasians , as people best fit only for slavery , yet at the same time labeled Circassian slave women the epitome of beauty .
Exoticizing and sexualizing women of allegedly inferior “ races ” has a long and continuous history in racial thought ; it ’s just that today they are usually darker - skinned women .
“ Whiteness studies ” have so proliferated in the last two decades that historians might be forgiven a yawn in response to being told that racial divisions are fundamentally arbitrary , and that deciding who is white has been not only fluid but also heavily influenced by class and culture .
In some Latin American countries , for example , the term blanquearse , to bleach oneself , is used to mean moving upward in class status .
But this concept — the social and cultural construction of race over time — remains harder for many people to understand than , say , the notion that gender is a social and cultural construction , unlike sex .
As recently as 10 years ago , some of my undergraduate students at the University of Wisconsin heard my explanations of critical race theory as a denial of observable physical differences .
I wish I had had this book to offer them .
Painter , a renowned historian recently retired from Princeton , has written an unusual study : an intellectual history , with occasional excursions to examine vernacular usage , for popular audiences .
It has much to teach everyone , including whiteness experts , but it is accessible and breezy , its coverage broad and therefore necessarily superficial .
Entombed at the moment of attack , a fossil serpent and sauropod are the first solid proof that prehistoric snakes ate dinosaurs , a new study says .
Found in India , the well - preserved dinosaur - nest scene boasts several fossils : a nearly complete snake , a newly emerged dinosaur , and two unhatched eggs — all apparently part of a spine - tingling tale .
One stormy day 67 million years ago , the 11.5 - foot ( 3.5 meter ) snake apparently slithered into the unguarded dinosaur nest .
The snake had spotted a 1.6 - foot - long ( half - meter - long ) dinosaur struggling out of its eggshell , scientists speculate .
The snake curled up next to the hatchling and was preparing to attack when heavy rains likely sent mud surging out of a nearby channel — smothering both snake and prey , according to the new study , to be published in this week 's issue of the journal PLoS Biology .
First Fossil Evidence of Snakes Eating Dinosaurs
The snake 's interrupted meal offers a rare glimpse into the feeding behavior of ancient snakes and the dangers that newborn dinosaurs faced , said study team member Jeffrey Wilson , a University of Michigan paleontologist .
" It 's actually one of the very few examples that we have of anything other than a dinosaur eating a dinosaur , " said Wilson , whose work was funded in part by a grant from the National Geographic Society 's Committee for Research and Exploration .
( The National Geographic Society owns National Geographic News . )
Scientists have long known that some dinosaurs were egg snatchers , and recent fossil evidence suggests mammals also dined on young dinosaurs .
( See " Five ' Oddball ' Crocs Discovered , Including Dinosaur - Eater . " )
It 's been suspected that snakes too ate dinosaurs , but until now there had been no proof .
" It 's a rough life if you 're a juicy little dinosaur , " Wilson said .
Dinosaur Devourer Was Lizard - like Snake
Modern large - mouthed snakes , such as boas and anacondas , can eat large prey because their jaw joints are positioned well behind their skulls , allowing the snakes to open their mouths very wide .
But the new species of prehistoric snake has a smaller mouth opening , like a lizard's .
The snake 's jaw joints were no farther aft than the back of the skull itself — earning it the name Sanejeh indicus , or " ancient - gaped one from India . "
Even without giant jaws , though , Sanejeh " could swallow big things " — such as baby dinosaurs — simply because the snake itself was big , Wilson said .
" If the snake had evolved the machinery that modern snakes have , it would have been able to take even bigger things , " he said .
Sanejeh did have a key adaptation also found in modern snakes : an upper jaw that can move independently of the lower jaw .
This jaw structure would have allowed Sanejeh to wriggle , mouth first , over struggling prey in an alternating side - to - side motion familiar to anyone who has ever tried to squeeze into a tight pair of jeans .
( See a picture of a python that 's eaten a pregnant sheep . )
The snake may also have been capable of squeezing dinosaur eggs open to get to the hatchlings inside .
But because modern snakes tend not to attack inanimate objects , the researchers believe ancient snakes behaved similarly , so it 's likely that the young dinosaur had already hatched before the snake arrived .
Young Dinosaurs Outgrew Snake Predators ?
Due to the apparent victim 's young age , the team could n't determine the dinosaur 's species .
But they do know it was a sauropod — a giant long - necked plant - eater ( sauropod picture ) .
But what kind ?
Previously discovered fossils suggest that titanosaurs — sauropods that grew to lengths of 65 feet ( 20 meters ) or longer — roamed the region around the nest , leading the researchers to suggest the hatchling too was a titanosaur .
( See " Eggs Hold Skulls of Titanosaur Embryos . " )
The fossils of Sanejeh and its apparent prey were discovered in western India 's Gujarat Province in 1984 .
After being mislabeled as containing only a hatchling sauropod , the fossil trove was separated before finally being reunited in 2004 and sent to the University of Michigan for study .
To avoid being eaten by snakes and other predators , sauropods , in general , probably underwent growth spurts in their early years , the study says .
( Related : " Dinosaur - Size Spurt : T. Rex Teens Gained Five Pounds a Day . " )
" By the time this sauropod was about a year old , we think it would have been out of the range of Sanejeh , " Wilson said .
Dinosaur - Eating Snakes Not Surprising ?
" The discovery is very interesting , and I think the study 's conclusions are reasonable about the snake possibly feeding on hatchling dinosaurs , " said Brad Moon , a herpetologist at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette , who was not involved in the new research .
Moon does think , though , that Sanejeh may have been attracted to the dinosaur nest for other reasons .
For example , the snake might have simply been seeking shelter or pursuing some other animal , he said .
And while certainly spectacular , the revelation of a snake attack in progress is less than surprising , scientifically speaking , according to George Zug , curator emeritus of amphibians and reptiles at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington , D.C .
Though Zug agrees the new fossils are the first proof of snakes eating dinosaurs , he said the behavior would n't shock anyone familiar with the ways of modern snakes .
Snakes eat not only mammals and birds but also other reptiles , such as frogs and even other snakes , said Zug , who was not involved in the new study .
Glenn Beck of Fox News has called President Obama a “ racist ” and asserted that he “ has exposed himself as a guy , over and over and over again , who has a deep - seated hatred for white people or the white culture . ”
Mike Huckabee , a former Republican presidential candidate , has said of Mr. Obama ’s economic policies : “ Lenin and Stalin would love this stuff . ”
The G.O.P. poisons the political atmosphere and then has the gall to complain about an absence of bipartisanship .
The toxic clouds that are the inevitable result of the fear and the bitter conflicts so relentlessly stoked by the Republican Party  think blacks against whites , gays versus straights , and a whole range of folks against immigrants  tend to obscure the tremendous damage that the party ’s policies have inflicted on the country .
If people are arguing over immigrants or abortion or whether gays should be allowed to marry , they ’re not calling the G.O.P. to account for ( to take just one example ) the horribly destructive policy of cutting taxes while the nation was fighting two wars .
If you ’re all fired up about Republican - inspired tales of Democrats planning to send grandma to some death chamber , you ’ll never get to the G.O.P. ’s war against the right of ordinary workers to organize and negotiate in their own best interests  a war that has diminished living standards for working people for decades .
With a freer hand , the Republicans would have done more damage .
George W. Bush tried to undermine Social Security .
John McCain was willing to put Sarah Palin a heartbeat away from the Oval Office and thought Phil Gramm would have made a crackerjack Treasury secretary .
( For those who may not remember , Mr. Gramm was a deregulation zealot who told us during the presidential campaign that we were suffering from a “ mental recession . ” )
A party that promotes ignorance ( “ Just say no to global warming ” ) and provides a safe house for bigotry cannot serve the best interests of our country .
Back in the 1960s , John Lewis risked his life and endured savage beatings to secure fundamental rights for black Americans while right - wing Republicans like Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan were lining up with segregationist Democrats to oppose landmark civil rights legislation .
Since then , the right - wingers have taken over the G.O.P. and Mr. Lewis , now a congressman , must still endure the garbage they have wrought .
( CNN ) --
Seven hundred thousand sandbags guarded the city of Fargo , North Dakota , Friday , lumpy and forlorn sentinels against the rising waters of the Red River .
With the river at 17 feet above its flood stage , residents hoped they had done enough to protect themselves .
" The river is definitely well over its banks and has gone into adjacent city parks , different areas that are noncritical , not people 's backyards , or businesses or anything like that , " said Fargo spokeswoman Robyn Litke .
The river stood at 35.5 feet Friday afternoon , and rising by about an inch an hour .
The river is expected to crest this weekend , about three feet below last year 's record flood level of 40.8 feet .
Residents in Fargo and across the river in Moorhead , Minnesota , said they were optimistic after filling more than a million sandbags between the two cities and stacking most of them .
" We 're in good shape and we have a lot of things in place in case there are any problems , " Fargo Mayor Dennis Walaker said .
The city said Friday that the levees to the north and south of Fargo have been completed .
" Residents are asked to be vigilant and monitor their dikes , " the city said in an e-mail .
Eight " quick reaction " National Guard teams are in the city and in surrounding Cass County , filling 50 one - ton sandbags for larger protection projects , such as potentially broken dikes , on Friday , the city said .
Chinook helicopters are also available to transport bags and equipment if necessary , the city said .
" We got done what we wanted to do as far as our goals for the flood of 2010 so we 're in good shape today , " Walaker said Thursday .
But still parts of Fargo were flooding Friday , city officials said .
The annual flooding began last week when warmer weather and rain melted snow south of Fargo and Moorhead causing the Red River to swell .
Upstream , snow and ice have yet to melt , pushing water back toward the two cities .
In the rural town of Hickson , about 15 miles south of Fargo , some homes in the area have been surrounded by water , and residents have had to used boats to get around .
Some residents parked their cars blocks away from their homes , walking to the edge of the river where they have their boats parked .
i Report : Are you there ?
Share photos , video
Blain Johnson , 21 , rowed home in waters that he estimated were 5 feet deep .
" This used to be a horse pasture below us , " Johnson said .
Johnson said this is the fourth time his neighborhood has been inundated with water in the 10 years he has lived here .
Each flood brings stress and fear but , he said , he was trying to keep a positive outlook .
" Not everybody can say they can fish out of their window , " Johnson said .
CNN 's Chris Welch , Steve Kastenbaum , Richard Benson and Shelby Erdman contributed to this report .
A student at NYU 's Stern School of Business sent a complaint email to a hard - headed professor about his class 's lateness policy .
The professor emailed back , eviscerated the student David Mamet - style , and now it 's gone viral .
Welcome to internet immorality .
Advertisement
Professor Scott Galloway — founder of redenvelope.com — has a reputation for being a self - important " jackass " and appears to have adopted the phrase " get your shit together " as his personal carpe diem .
He was also on the New York Times board of directors before resigning last week .
He also has a little William Wallace in him .
Advertisement
Regardless , I 'm quite impressed with his craftsmanship in taking this budding , entitled entrepreneur down a few notches .
I emailed Galloway for comment , but he 's a little confused about " what email you 're referring to . "
So I get the sense that he 's done this sort of thing before .
According to one friend - of - a- friend of an NYU student who received the email , Galloway initiated the forwarding : " To give a little background , Scott Galloway is a professor at NYU Stern School of Business .
He was also the founder of RedEnvelope.com .
He teaches a Brand Management class at the school .
Anyway , the student below sent him an e-mail to which Prof. Galloway responded .
Galloway then proceeded to send it to his TA and instructed him to XXXX out the student 's name and then forward it to the rest of the class .
The e-mail now appears to be making the rounds . "
Galloway has yet to confirm if he sent it to his TA who then forwarded it to his class .
Either way , enjoy the BOOM BITCH - iness of this thing in its proper context .
It has a very " Always Wear Sunscreen " - type appeal to it , if you choose to forget that Professor Galloway might be kind of a dick .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sent : Tuesday , February 9 , 2010 7:15:11 PM
GMT -08:00 US / Canada Pacific
Subject : Brand Strategy Feedback
Prof. Galloway ,
I would like to discuss a matter with you that bothered me .
Yesterday evening I entered your 6 pm Brand Strategy class approximately 1 hour late .
As I entered the room , you quickly dismissed me , saying that I would need to leave and come back to the next class .
After speaking with several students who are taking your class , they explained that you have a policy stating that students who arrive more than 15 minutes late will not be admitted to class .
Advertisement
As of yesterday evening , I was interested in three different Monday night classes that all occurred simultaneously .
In order to decide which class to select , my plan for the evening was to sample all three and see which one I like most .
Since I had never taken your class , I was unaware of your class policy .
I was disappointed that you dismissed me from class considering ( 1 ) there is no way I could have been aware of your policy and ( 2 ) considering that it was the first day of evening classes and I arrived 1 hour late ( not a few minutes ) , it was more probable that my tardiness was due to my desire to sample different classes rather than sheer complacency .
I have already registered for another class but I just wanted to be open and provide my opinion on the matter .
Advertisement
Regards ,
xxxx
—
xxxx
MBA 2010 Candidate
NYU Stern School of Business
xxxx.nyu.edu
xxx - xxx-xxxx
The Reply :
—— Forwarded Message — —-
From : scott@stern.nyu.edu
To : " xxx x "
Sent : Tuesday , February 9 , 2010 9:34:02 PM
GMT -08:00 US / Canada Pacific
Subject : Re : Brand Strategy Feedback
Advertisement
xxxx :
Thanks for the feedback .
I , too , would like to offer some feedback .
Just so I 've got this straight ... you started in one class , left 15 - 20 minutes into it ( stood up , walked out mid-lecture ) , went to another class ( walked in 20 minutes late ) , left that class ( again , presumably , in the middle of the lecture ) , and then came to my class .
At that point ( walking in an hour late ) I asked you to come to the next class which " bothered " you .
Advertisement
Correct ?
You state that , having not taken my class , it would be impossible to know our policy of not allowing people to walk in an hour late .
Most risk analysis offers that in the face of substantial uncertainty , you opt for the more conservative path or hedge your bet ( e.g. , do not show up an hour late until you know the professor has an explicit policy for tolerating disrespectful behavior , check with the TA before class , etc. ) .
I hope the lottery winner that is your recently crowned Monday evening Professor is teaching Judgement and Decision Making or Critical Thinking .
Advertisement
In addition , your logic effectively means you cannot be held accountable for any code of conduct before taking a class .
For the record , we also have no stated policy against bursting into show tunes in the middle of class , urinating on desks or taking that revolutionary hair removal system for a spin .
However , xxxx , there is a baseline level of decorum ( i.e. , manners ) that we expect of grown men and women who the admissions department have deemed tomorrow 's business leaders .
xxxx , let me be more serious for a moment .
I do not know you , will not know you and have no real affinity or animosity for you .
You are an anonymous student who is now regretting the send button on his laptop .
It 's with this context I hope you register pause ... REAL pause xxxx and take to heart what I am about to tell you :
xxxx , get your shit together .
Getting a good job , working long hours , keeping your skills relevant , navigating the politics of an organization , finding a live / work balance ... these are all really hard , xxxx .
In contrast , respecting institutions , having manners , demonstrating a level of humility ... these are all ( relatively ) easy .
Get the easy stuff right xxxx .
In and of themselves they will not make you successful .
However , not possessing them will hold you back and you will not achieve your potential which , by virtue of you being admitted to Stern , you must have in spades .
It 's not too late xxxx ...
Advertisement
Again , thanks for the feedback .
Professor Galloway
This is a composite image of NGC 1068 , one of the nearest and brightest galaxies containing a rapidly growing supermassive black hole .
X - ray data from the Chandra X-ray Observatory are shown in red , optical data from the Hubble Space Telescope in green and radio data from the Very Large Array in blue .
The spiral structure of NGC 1068 is shown by the X -ray and optical data , and a jet powered by the central supermassive black hole is shown by the radio data .
The X - ray images and spectra obtained using Chandra 's High Energy Transmission Grating Spectrometer show that a strong wind is being driven away from the center of NGC 1068 at a rate of about a million miles per hour .
This wind is likely generated as surrounding gas is accelerated and heated as it swirls toward the black hole .
A portion of the gas is pulled into the black hole , but some of it is blown away .
High energy X - rays produced by the gas near the black hole heat the ouflowing gas , causing it to glow at lower X - ray energies .
This Chandra study is much deeper than previous X - ray observations .
It allowed scientists to make a high - definition map of the cone - shaped volume lit up by the black hole and its winds , and make precision measurements of how the wind speed varies along the cone .
Using this data it is shown that each year several times the mass of the Sun is being deposited out to large distances , about 3,000 light years from the black hole .
The wind likely carries enough energy to heat the surrounding gas and suppress extra star formation .
These results help explain how a supermassive black hole can alter the evolution of its host galaxy .
It has long been suspected that material blown away from a black hole can affect its environment , but a key question has been whether such " black hole blowback " typically delivers enough power to have a significant impact .
NGC 1068 is located about 50 million light years from Earth and contains a supermassive black hole about twice as massive as the one in the middle of the Milky Way Galaxy .
NYC Cops Apologize for 50 “ Mistaken Visits ” to Elderly Couple
An elderly couple in Brooklyn are hoping they have seen the last of the New York City police .
The NYC police , led by Commissioner Raymond Kelly , have apologized to Walter and Rose Martin for mistakenly knocking at their door about 50 times over the last eight years .
The Martins ’ ordeal started in 2002 when the couple ’s Marine Park address was included in the testing of an NYC police computer program that tracks crime complaints .
Since then , the Martins have been startled every now and then by police operatives knocking heavily on their door and ordering the couple to open up .
The computer glitch was temporarily solved in 2007 after Rose Martin lodged a complaint .
However , the couple ’s address came up on the system anew on Tuesday this week , prompting police to once again knock on the Martins ’ door with their customary “ Police , open up ! ”
The last mistake prompted the police to again purge the Martins ’ address .
In addition , the police also flagged the Martins ’ address to give the elderly couple some peace of mind and save the police from further embarrassing themselves .
Lindy Ruff ( Getty Images )
While there may not have been 18,000 fans at HSBC Arena on Thursday afternoon , it was still relatively noisy as the Buffalo Sabres hit the ice .
Head Coach Lindy
Ruff had returned for his first non -game day practice following a two - week Olympic break .
And after back - to - back losses to Pittsburgh and Washington , the boss was n’t too happy with what he saw from his players : Break downs in the system and overall loss of cohesiveness were partially to blame , but the chief concern was loud and clear – a lack of communication .
“ Do the Slovaks talk ? ” Ruff asked Andrej Sekera .
“ Are you ready ? ” Ruff barked to another .
“ I said , are you ready ? ”
He harped on players to get to the front of the net and demanded others talked to their linemates .
When they did n’t – his response was simple : “ Louder ! ” “ Part of our play in the first 30 games stem from ; puck support , knowing where people are at , hearing another guy ’s voice , ” Ruff said following the 45 - minute workout .
“ Watching the game again this morning , I would swear half the team had muzzles on .
“ It makes it tough .
When you ’re under pressure , the only thing you can trust is somebody else ’s voice , and the fact that he has to be in a certain place for us .
The support has to be there .
” But is the message getting through ?
“ They get it , ” Ruff said .
“ We ’ve got a meeting with our core group after this .
There is concern , but we know we ’re a good team .
We know we ’ve got a goaltender that can win us games , we ’ve got a group of forwards that can put the puck in the net enough to win games and we ’ve already proven that we can defend with the best teams , and against the best teams . ” Ruff opted for a new look to help the team do so .
Tim Connolly centered Thomas Vanek and Drew Stafford while Tim Kennedy was bumped up a line , in between Jochen Hecht and Mike Grier .
The Sabres ’ newest addition , Raffi Torres , skated alongside Derek Roy and Jason Pominville , while Adam Mair , Matt Ellis and Pat Kaleta rounded out the fourth unit .
“ Its been two weeks off , ” Ruff said in returning .
“ I ’ve been gone for 10 days of practice and I do n’t care what you say , when the substitute teacher is there when you were in school , you goofed off .
“ Now its back to focus and determination to play the system … and play it hard .
” The Sabres play the Philadelphia Flyers on Friday night , 7:30 p.m. at HSBC Arena .
The Sabres are encouraging fans to Go Red For Women .
For more information click here .
28 septembre 2020
Déclaration de la France , de la Lituanie et de la Lettonie sur la protection des démocraties .
Excerpt from the ABC's Editorial Policy 7.4.1 : where topical and factual content deals with a matter of contention or public debate , a diversity of principal relevant perspectives should be demonstrated across a network or platform in an appropriate timeframe .
When Mark Scott writes about whether the ABC should be sold off , a startling number of the posts that follow are about the ABC 's alleged political bias .
' Bias ' , too much of it , and ' balance ' , the lack of it , are by far the major pre-occupations of those who complain to , or criticise , the ABC .
' Bias ' is notoriously difficult to pin down .
After all , where one listener hears ' right - wing bias ' , another will hear a ' rare exhibition of balance ' .
And vice - versa .
The ABC 's traditional defence is to quote the regular polls it commissions .
Last year , 88 per cent of the sample thought the ABC ' does a good job of being balanced and even - handed ' .
But the ABC 's program makers are constantly engaged in abstruse debate , between themselves and with their public , about what balance is required , and when , and how .
A dispute is raging right now about The Drum 's decision to run a five - part article by Clive Hamilton on climate change , and to ' balance ' it with five contributions from climate sceptics .
Bernard Keane , of Crikey , is essentially accusing his former boss , the current editor of The Drum , of wimping out .
It 's a dispute I 'm not about to buy into .
But there 's no doubt that climate change is concentrating ABC minds .
What makes the issue more complicated than most is that the degree of scepticism in the community at large bears little relation to the degree of doubt that exists in the scientific community .
Those who know the most are the least dubious that anthropogenic climate change is happening , and perhaps faster than they forecast just a few years ago .
Let me digress .
Richard Dawkins , well - known as a populariser of evolutionary biology , and even better known , these days , as a champion of atheism , is on a speaking tour of Australia , promoting his book The Greatest Show on Earth .
It 's an attempt to prove to non-scientific readers that , as Dawkins puts it , " Evolution is not a theory , it 's a fact " .
Like most of Dawkins 's work , it 's uncompromising and ( at least in its opening chapter ) pugilistic .
But , as Dawkins told Radio National Breakfast 's Fran Kelly yesterday morning , " most of the book ... is enthusiastic , it 's looking at the science in a very positive way ...
It 's not an angry book " .
Dawkins and Kelly went on to chat , fascinatingly , about how natural selection produced tamer wolves - with floppier ears and softer fur - before humans ever began to turn pi-dogs into Chihuahuas and Mastiffs by artificial selection ; and how the nervous system of a giraffe could never have been the work of an intelligent designer .
No other guest was involved .
Now , had Dawkins and Kelly been talking about his previous best - seller , The God Delusion , the executive producer of Breakfast might well have felt constrained by the need for ' balance ' to include a guest who did believe in God - be that person Christian , Jewish , Islamic or even Buddhist .
Even if that did n't happen , some ' balancing ' interview would probably have been conducted within the next few days .
Why ?
Because Dawkins 's atheism is controversial , and is not shared by many , perhaps most , Australians ?
Or because the existence of God is not a matter that can be proved or disproved by science , and therefore Dawkins 's status as a respected evolutionary biologist gives his views on religion no special protection ?
Perhaps , a bit of both .
But RN has no plans to ' balance ' yesterday 's Dawkins interview by giving time in the near future to a proponent of creationism , or its more acceptable face , ' intelligent design ' .
It sees no need .
Why not ?
Because creationism is espoused by rather few Australians , and therefore the ABC expects little demand for ' balance ' on the topic ?
Or because the overwhelming scientific evidence does indeed support the ' theory ' of evolution , as against intelligent design ?
Probably the former reason is far more important than the latter .
Suppose Dawkins were touring the United States instead of Australia .
According to the most recent Gallup poll , a mere 14 per cent of Americans believe that humans evolved without the guidance or intervention of God , and 44 per cent believe humans were created by God in their present form .
Evolutionary science is no different in the United States from what it is in Britain or Australia , and indeed 74 per cent of Americans with a post - graduate degree believe in evolution by natural selection .
But clearly , it would be a rash radio presenter - especially if he or she were working to editorial policies like the ABC's , which enjoin them to " present principal relevant views on matters of importance " - who ignored the fact that nearly half their listeners ( and far more than that , in some parts of the country ) were likely to strongly disagree with the views being proposed by Dawkins , whatever their scientific validity .
The pressure to ' balance '
Dawkins , at the time or shortly thereafter , by giving airtime to a proponent of creationism , would be intense .
In other words , for general programs , it 's not what the boffins think , but what our listeners and viewers think , that guide our decisions about balance .
But suppose , still in the United States , we were producing a program called The Science Show .
Should we still pay attention to the views of our non-scientific listeners ?
Or should we , as we decide what are ' the principal , relevant views ' , stick with what the biologists say about the science ?
For sure , if the biology department of our local university were headed by an articulate advocate for ' intelligent design ' , we would be obliged , and indeed keen , to give him or her airtime from time to time .
But we would surely have a greater obligation to make our listeners aware of what the overwhelming majority of biologists thought , and why they thought it , and to ensure that our program kept up with the latest evolutionary research .
Well , you can see where this is heading .
Around 30 per cent of Australians , according to Roy Morgan Research , now say that " concerns over global warming are exaggerated " .
That figure has more than doubled in the past four years .
Combined with recent ' scandals ' - as magnified by sceptics in the blogosphere and the popular media - concerning the University of East Anglia 's CRU , and the IPCC 4th Assessment Report , and the failure of Copenhagen , it 's the steadily increasing strength of sceptical views out there in the community that has ensured that ABC producers give more airtime than they might have a few years ago to sceptical views on climate change .
That is as it should be .
Climate change is a vast topic , with aspects that are political , and moral , and even religious , as well as scientific .
Principal relevant views clearly include those that hold that the science is n't settled , and even that global warming alarmism is a global green conspiracy .
But if I were running a science show on the ABC , I might well feel that what should guide me is the science , not shifts in popular opinion .
And so far , for all the sound and fury , the vast majority of climate scientists remain convinced that the evidence for anthropogenic warming is getting stronger , not weaker , every year .
Why they think that , surely , is the really important scientific story .
Is n't it ?
Or should I give time to dissident scientists out of all proportion to the weight of their views within the scientific community , because they reflect views held by a substantial proportion of non-scientists among my listeners ?
That 's an issue that pretty soon the ABC may have to tackle formally .
Meanwhile , what do you think ?
When Al Gore was caught running up huge energy bills at home at the same time as lecturing on the need to save electricity , it turns out that he was only reverting to " green " type .
According to a study , when people feel they have been morally virtuous by saving the planet through their purchases of organic baby food , for example , it leads to the " licensing [ of ] selfish and morally questionable behaviour " , otherwise known as " moral balancing " or " compensatory ethics " .
Do Green Products Make Us Better People is published in the latest edition of the journal Psychological Science .
Its authors , Canadian psychologists Nina Mazar and Chen - Bo Zhong , argue that people who wear what they call the " halo of green consumerism " are less likely to be kind to others , and more likely to cheat and steal .
" Virtuous acts can license subsequent asocial and unethical behaviours , " they write .
[ See footnote ] .
The pair found that those in their study who bought green products appeared less willing to share with others a set amount of money than those who bought conventional products .
When the green consumers were given the chance to boost their money by cheating on a computer game and then given the opportunity to lie about it – in other words , steal – they did , while the conventional consumers did not .
Later , in an honour system in which participants were asked to take money from an envelope to pay themselves their spoils , the greens were six times more likely to steal than the conventionals .
Mazar and Zhong said their study showed that just as exposure to pictures of exclusive restaurants can improve table manners but may not lead to an overall improvement in behaviour , " green products do not necessarily make for better people " .
They added that one motivation for carrying out the study was that , despite the " stream of research focusing on identifying the ' green consumer ' " , there was a lack of understanding into " how green consumption fits into people 's global sense of responsibility and morality and [ how it ] affects behaviours outside the consumption domain " .
The pair said their findings surprised them , having thought that just as " exposure to the Apple logo increased creativity " , according to a recent study , " given that green products are manifestations of high ethical standards and humanitarian considerations , mere exposure " to them would " activate norms of social responsibility and ethical conduct " .
Dieter Frey , a social psychologist at the University of Munich , said the findings fitted patterns of human behaviour .
" At the moment in which you have proven your credentials in a particular area , you tend to allow yourself to stray elsewhere , " he said .
• This footnote was added on 31 March 2010 :
The study findings above , and the methods used , are challenged by researchers associated with the social psychology department at the London School of Economics , the Institute of Ecological Economy Research in Berlin , and the Institute for Perspective Technological Studies in Seville .
Their analysis can be found here : lrcg.co.uk
People slavering to get Apple 's " impossibly small " iPod Nano into their sticky hands may want to pause a moment : those ahead of them in the queue have discovered that it's also unbelievably easy to scratch the screen , nixing its photo - displaying abilities .
Apple 's discussion forums are already host to a 188 - post thread on the topic , where people have spotted that the plastic used for the screen and front of the product is as sensitive as a Kate Moss sponsor .
Trouble is that a few scratches will quickly make the colour screen all but useless for viewing album art and photos stored on the machine .
In which case you might as well have bought the cheaper , screenless iPod shuffle , hmm ?
When the point was put to the head of Apple 's iPod division , Jon Rubenstein - who in the past oversaw the development of the Titanium PowerBook - the one that killed off Wi -Fi reception , because metal cages do that - he replied : " Nah , you do n't really think that ?
It 's made of the hardest polycarbonate ...
You keep it in a pocket with your keys ? "
Actually , not so for owners we 've heard from .
" I found that my black 4GB Nano scratched within minutes after peeling off the protective wrapper and wiping it with a cotton T - shirt .
I put it in a pocket just once and it was inside the soft case that came with my third - gen iPod , " comments poster number 188 in that monster Apple thread .
He 's hardly alone : Register reader Matt Baker says " the plastic on the front panel scratches insanely easily " , and comments that that hardly makes sense , " especially for a device that 's sold in a large amount based on its appearance , and that launched at least a month before any cases for it will be available .
Mine has lived either on a work surface , in a shirt pocket on its own , or ( as demonstrated by Steve Jobs to be a suitable place when he launched it ) in the change pocket of my jeans , again on its own . "
You 'll also find plenty of irked people at Macintouch ( search for " scratch " ) who 've rushed out , as commanded , to snap them up only to find that they 're squinting through some sort of fog to see the song name .
So what 's gone wrong ?
Although Apple 's award - winning designer Jonathan Ive has improved various things about the iPod Nano over its predecessor - for example , the scroll wheel has texture , making it easier to use - he seems to have overlooked how people really use them .
Consumer gear has to live in pockets with change and keys .
Only the polycarbonate survive , or something like that .
Apple had similar problems with its ill - fated Cube , where some developed cracks in the plastic moulding - though Apple tried very hard to insist this was n't so .
The difference here though is that the Cube sold dismally , so nobody cared .
Much more is riding on the success of the Nano .
Matt Baker , who bought his Nano at the Apple Store in Regent Street , said he went back and found that the assistant manager was " ( a ) fairly apologetic and ( b ) seemed to have been fielding the same comments all day , and getting rather fed up of them !
He said there 's no official company policy at the moment on the scratching , but that it is obviously an issue ' just from looking at mine ' , and that they 'll swap it for me with no problems if I bring the whole thing back " .
So if you see a long queue , it might be the returns .
In the meantime , any Nano buyers are warned to leave the sticky plastic over the screen , if they want to keep seeing what 's on it .
But perhaps this is just another step in the dastardly master plan .
Next step , the diamond iPod , sold with the slogan " Impossible hard to scratch ? " ®
