Best - ter-est of Omaha 2010TM
Of course we plan to do this again next year , so please leave comments below with your thoughts about what you like and do n't like about the categories , results , promotion , etc ....
We would like to include some " Best Dish " categories , but I think the votes would be so unique that we would n't have a clear winner for any category .
I 'm very open to ideas around this .
Here are a couple of examples that came out in the voting .
Big Horn Mountain BBQ : Beef Brisket
Upstream : Smoked Gouda & Blonde Ale Soup ( x3 )
Upstream : Tomato Basil
Mai Thai : Tom Yum Gai Soup
McFoster 's Natural Kind : Roast Tomato Soup
Jaipur : Mulligatawny Soup
Grisanti's : Tomato Tortellini Soup
McFoster 's Natural Kind : Sweet Potato Fries
Taste : Sweet Potato Fries
Smashburger : Smashfries ( w/ Garlic and Rosemary )
Barrett 's Barleycorn : Kitchen Sink Burger
Dinker's : Haystack Burger
Ethnic Sandwich Shop : The Irish Coned Beef Sandwich
Hiro : Husker Roll
Chinatown : Veggie Fried Rice
Whole Foods : Creme Brulee French Toast
Dixie Quick's : Oatmeal & Ice Cream
Mark's Bistro : Bread Pudding
Dario's : Banana and Brown Sugar Ice Cream Closing Thoughts
For the most part , I 'm very pleased with the results and I think they are a good representation of the Omaha food scene and the spots that foodies tend to favor .
Next year we might try to clean up some of the categories , or at least define them better .
I 'd like to find a way to get restaurants like
On a personal note , while looking at the results , I realized the need for us to cover the Omaha restaurant scene more .
Though I 've been to well over half of the places on this list ,
On a related note , we 'd like to send out window clings to all of the restaurants you see above .
If you make window clings or know someone who does , NOTES AND COMMENTS :
Since the form fields were free form , we tried to interpret the results as best we could ( e.g . We might count Radial Cafe towards Lisa 's Radial Cafe ) .
If you 'd like to double check our work , feel free to look at the raw data .
No member of the GFC team voted .
Since this was such a small sample size and some of the categories were so close , some of the results would be different if our votes were counted .
Of course we plan to do this again next year , so please leave comments below with your thoughts about what you like and do n't like about the categories , results , promotion , etc ....
We would like to include some " Best Dish " categories , but I think the votes would be so unique that we would n't have a clear winner for any category .
I 'm very open to ideas around this .
Here are a couple of examples that came out in the voting .
For the most part , I 'm very pleased with the results and I think they are a good representation of the Omaha food scene and the spots that foodies tend to favor .
Next year we might try to clean up some of the categories , or at least define them better .
I 'd like to find a way to get restaurants like Peru , Mucho Gusto nominated for something , but it , like many other restaurants , do n't fit well into any of our current categories really .
One thing that I noticed while looking at the results is that there are some great opportunities for restaurants to step up and fill some voids .
Categories that were dominated by chains or just plain did n't have many votes would be a good place to start .
So if you had been planing on opening a Korean soup - and - sandwich shop or a breakfast spot offering a burrito - on - a - bagel , you might have something going for you .
On a personal note , while looking at the results , I realized the need for us to cover the Omaha restaurant scene more .
Though I 've been to well over half of the places on this list , we 've reviewed just a fraction of them .
Maybe you can help us with that problem .
On a related note , we 'd like to send out window clings to all of the restaurants you see above .
If you make window clings or know someone who does , contact us .
If you 're a person who would like to help us design our decal , contact us .
If you are a business owner who would like to offer something to the winners ( such as Joe Frost from Elify who will be offering free online strategy consultations ) , contact us .
If you just want to contact us , contact us :-)
We 've closed the polls and tallied the votes .
Once again a lot of great local restaurants took many top spots , while national and regional chains did n't fare as well in most categories .
Several categories had big changes , several where very dispersed in votes and the new categories this year , especially the broad categories towards the end , were fascinating to see ( I love the Most Overrated category ) .
Voter turn out was not what we were hoping it would be , but that 's a bit of a dilemma .
We do n't publicize much beyond our readers in order to keep the results of a higher quality .
Finding really good food requires us to lean on those who are really passionate about food .
We figure if you heard about this poll through our limited promotion and felt moved enough to vote , then you were a true foodie .
This was always meant to be a poll for foodies , by foodies , so thank you to all the foodies who voted .
We hope you enjoy the results as much as we did .
Some quick notes about our notes .
By some categories , you might see a [ NOTE ] in brackets that gives you some insight into that category beyond the winners ranks .
For those , we urge you to take a look at the raw data to get a peek at all the votes .
You 'll also see the same kind of notes by individual restaurants .
This is to give you an idea of how things have changed since last year and / or key you into decisive wins .
Labels : AWARDS , Best Of , LOCAL EVENTS , OMAHA , RESTAURANT REVIEW , RESTAURANTS
The newest senator 's in a vulnerable position .
He 's from a fairly liberal state ( although apparently not as liberal as everyone thinks ) and he 's got to run again in four two years .
I think we 'll see some very interesting votes from the other Senator Brown :
BOSTON – Scott Brown says he has already told Senate Republican leaders they wo n't always be able to count on his vote .
The man who staged an upset in last week 's Massachusetts Senate special election , in part by pledging to be the 41st GOP vote against President Barack Obama 's health care overhaul , told The Associated Press in an interview Thursday that he staked his claim in early conversations with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and Minority Whip Jon Kyl .
" I already told them , you know , ` I got here with the help of a close group of friends and very little help from anyone down there , so there 'll be issues when I 'll be with you and there are issues when I wo n't be with you , ' " Brown said Thursday during the half - hour interview .
" So , I just need to look at each vote and then make a proper analysis and then decide . "
In January 2010 , a group calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army brought down China ’s biggest search engine : baidu.com .
As reported by the digital risk management consulting firm mi2g , “ We are in the midst of a Cold Cyberwar , which straddles the transnational corporate sector , major governments , defense industry players , and global criminal syndicates . ”
" Train like you fight because you will fight like you train " is the motto of the US - based Cybersecurity Institute — and its classes are completely filled through May 2010 .
This video provides an overview of cyber warfare , characterizing it as perhaps the # 1 threat to the U.S. :
The bi-partisan S.773 : Cybersecurity
Act of 2009 was introduced by Senators Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) and Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) and referred to committee last year .
To counter the threat of cyber warfare , DARPA is now creating the National Cyber Range ( NCR ) as part of the new federal Comprehensive National Cyber Initiative ( CNCI ) .
According to DARPA , the NCR will “ realistically replicate human behavior and frailties , ” and provide “ realistic , sophisticated , nation - state quality offensive and defensive opposition forces . ”
This is a “ test bed ” of networked computers that will be fully automated and instrumented for organizations like the Cybersecurity Institute to try out the latest in counter measures .
“ Cyber attacks are a common and increasing occurrence , ” says DARPA Program Manager Dr. Michael VanPutte .
“ As a result , it ’s essential that the United States maintain a strong technological advantage in cyber security . ”
Google ’s recent disclosure that the attacks targeting it and other U.S. companies originated in China created quite an uproar .
Human rights activists who use Gmail also were targeted , prompting Google to threaten to withdraw its services from China .
Also in response to the attack , Microsoft was forced to issue an “ out - of - cycle patch ” for the Internet Explorer bug that exposed Google and the other companies to the cyberattacks .
The security bug was an “ invalid pointer reference ” that could allow an attacker to take control of a computer “ if the target were duped into clicking on a link in an e-mail or an instant message to visit a web site hosting malware . ”
According to a Microsoft press release , “ [ the bug ] could also [ be used ] to display specially crafted Web content using banner advertisements or other methods to deliver Web content to affected systems . ”
As reported by h+ last year ( see Resources ) , the Obama administration has created a military cybersecurity command to unify responsibility for Pentagon networks — this responsibility was spread across several agencies and service branches .
The command assists the Department of Homeland Security , but is not subsumed under it .
Former Microsoft and Ebay executive Howard Schmidt was appointed as President Obama ’s new cybersecurity coordinator .
Schmidt has regular access to Obama as a “ key member ” of his National Security staff .
“ Howard will have the important responsibility of orchestrating the many important cybersecurity activities across the government , ” President Obama said .
“ Howard is one of the world ’s leading authorities on computer security , with some 40 years of experience in government , business and law enforcement . ”
In August 2009 , the U.S. Air Force activated its new cyberspace combat unit , the 24th Air Force , to “ provide combat - ready forces trained and equipped to conduct sustained cyber operations . ”
The 24th is commanded by former Minuteman missile and satellite - jamming specialist Major General Richard Webber .
Under his command are two cyber “ wings , ” the 688th Information Operations Wing and the 67th Network Warfare Wing , in addition to combat communications units .
Located in Texas , the 67th Network Warfare Wing “ organizes , trains , and equips cyberspace forces to conduct network defense , attack , and exploitation . ”
“ It also executes full - spectrum Air Force network operations , training , tactics , and management for AFNetOps / CC and combatant CCs , ” according to the 24th Air Force web site .
Some commentators are comparing the government ramp - up to “ Operation Screaming Fist , ” a fictional military operation in William Gibson ’s novel Neuromancer aimed at introducing a virus into a Russian military computer .
The fictional operation flew a team of specialists across enemy lines on light gliders , and team members plugged into the first prototype “ cyberdecks ” to monitor security .
Russian electromagnetic pulse weapons were used against the gliders shortly after they entered Russian airspace and the operation failed .
Some are comparing the government ramp - up to “ Operation Screaming Fist , ” a fictional military operation in William Gibson ’s novel Neuromancer .
These days , Russia may not be as worrisome to the U.S. and China as Iran , particularly given the recent Iranian Cyber Army attack on China ’s network .
And given the recent Google cyberattacks , surely the US cyber command is keeping a watchful eye on China ’s cybersecurity capabilities .
The creation of DARPA ’s NCR provides “ a virtual network world — to be populated by mirror computers and inhabited by myriad software sim- people ‘ replicants , ’ and used as a firing range in which to develop the art of cyber warfare , ” reports The Register .
Sound something like Gibson ’s cyberdecks ?
The availability of both an experimental test bed and an Air Force fighter wing — along with a new cybersecurity coordinator — could well result in an Operation Screaming Fist .
Whether for defense or offense , the better the simulation , the better the intelligence .
When you go to the emergency room for treatment of a medical condition that you believe to be serious , you expect to get the help you need .
Unfortunately , that is not always what is provided .
All too often , emergency room staff members allow the pressure they are under to prevent them from doing their jobs properly .
They should be held accountable .
If you or someone you love has been turned away from the emergency room , only to suffer later from a medical condition that should have been treated , we can help .
If the doctors in the emergency room provided improper treatment , leading to serious damage , we can help .
At McKeen & Associates , we will strive to see that emergency room staffers are held accountable for their errors .
A Strong Record Of Positive Results
Our law firm has built a strong record of multimillion - dollar results for people in Michigan and throughout the country .
We have built this record on more than 25 years of experience .
We have the experience to pursue positive results in your ER negligence case .
Emergency room errors and hospital malpractice come in many forms .
Among the many scenarios that we are able to handle are :
Children who are taken to the emergency room with fevers and the staff 's failure to diagnose an infection leads to life - threatening meningitis
People who go to the emergency room with a stomach ache and the doctors fail to recognize a bowel obstruction that leads to serious complications
Patients who go to the ER with a headache that is dismissed by the nurses and then turns out to be a serious issue of intercranial pressure
You can be certain that our lawyers can take on even the most complex emergency room errors , including those involving sepsis , infections or any other condition .
Our use of high - quality medical experts means that we will get the facts and the analysis to build a case dedicated to positive results .
Free Consultations | No Fee Unless We Win
Email us or call us at 866-585-1076 to talk to an experienced attorney about a case of failure to diagnose or any other emergency room error .
Las Vegas , Nevada ( CNN ) --
To most people these days , an " app " is something you download on your smartphone to help you do a specific task -- say , find a good nearby restaurant .
But big tech companies , seeing how applications have boosted the appeal of gadgets such as Apple 's iPhone , are starting to view apps as low - cost enhancements for a broader range of products , from netbooks to TVs and beyond .
At the International Consumer Electronics
Show here this week , microchip maker Intel launched an app store geared towards netbook computers .
Not to be outdone , Samsung announced it will open its own app store for HDTVs , Blu-ray players and mobile phones .
Even unlikely players such as Ford Motor Co. are getting in on the app act .
Ford announced Thursday that several applications , including one that will read aloud Twitter tweets while you 're driving , will be available on many of its vehicles later this year .
What 's driving this sudden app movement ?
" Mobile computer chips have gotten so powerful and affordable , and it's so easy to get on the Internet , that it does n't make much sense to ship a gadget with dedicated , stagnant functionality , " said Brian X. Chen , who covers technology for Wired.com .
" Add an Internet connection and a software platform open for third - party programmers to develop for -- i.e. , open an app store -- and you can enhance the capabilities of a gadget , thus future - proofing it , at no cost . "
Sales of the apps , which typically cost a few dollars apiece , also create a new source of revenue for the device 's manufacturer , Chen said .
And consumers win , too :
They get more value out of their product without having to keep buying new hardware .
Software applications have been around for decades , but it took the recent success of the iPhone and Apple 's App Store -- with their can - do slogan , " there 's an app for that " -- to make apps sexy on the consumer level .
Developers have created more than 100,000 apps for the store -- at no cost to Apple , which takes a cut of revenues .
Less than 18 months after the store launched in 2008 , owners of the iPhone and iPod Touch have downloaded more than 3 billion applications .
Rival smartphone makers such as Palm and Research in Motion soon followed with app stores of their own .
It 's now standard for Web properties such as Facebook , Google and eBay to have mobile apps that let users share updates or make purchases on the go .
The number of people who use Internet - enabled mobile devices is expected to pass 1 billion by 2013 , according to industry analysts , meaning that demand for apps will only grow .
And as more people grow accustomed to using apps to quickly check the weather or send a tweet on Twitter , more manufacturers will develop apps - ready products , experts say .
On Thursday Intel launched a beta version of its app store , called the Intel AppUp center , for netbooks , the smaller , simpler cousins of laptops .
About 100 apps , in such categories as entertainment , games , health , social networking , are now available for download at www.intelappup.com.
The beta store will host apps for both Microsoft Windows and the open - source Moblin operating system , which target the popular netbook computer category powered by Intel 's Atom processor .
" Apps have been defined in people 's minds as these little things that run on the iPhone .
Our focus is on getting lots of smart people to think of the netbook as a device they can target [ for developing apps ] , " said Peter Biddle , who run 's Intel 's Atom software program .
Eventually , Intel and its partners expect to expand the store to include applications for smartphones , TVs and even consumer electronic appliances .
Meanwhile , Samsung is betting that as television merges with the Internet , more channel - surfers will enjoy being able to order a movie from Netflix or scroll through photos on Picasa without having to leave their couch .
Samsung is calling Samsung Apps " the world 's first HDTV - based application store , " although it 's not expected to launch until later this year .
Samsung has opened the store to third - party developers and hopes to have more than 150 apps available for download by the end of 2010 .
Many content partners have already signed up .
" There 's going to be an application for everything , " said Samsung product training manager Jermain Anderson , who envisions guys sitting around a living room , playing Texas hold 'em poker on a big - screen TV while holding their virtual cards on their smartphones .
Suddenly , a TV becomes more than a TV -- it's also a computer screen and a gaming console .
" The idea is to make everyone 's life more convenient without them having to go to more than one place to do it , " Anderson said .
" Down the road , the app store will bring a lot of different Samsung products together . "
Soon , apps will even be coming to the highway .
Ford has signed agreements with three partners : the Pandora music service , Stitcher Internet radio and OpenBeak , which helps users send and receive messages via Twitter .
Drivers will not be able to read the tweets on the dashboard -- instead , a computer voice will say them aloud .
The three apps would live on users ' smartphones but would be controlled in the vehicle through Ford 's SYNC system , which allows motorists to operate mobile devices through voice commands or steering - wheel controls .
The apps will be available later this year for any Ford vehicle with a SYNC system .
" When we saw the apps craze ... [ we realized ] there 's a consumer demand there , " said Alan Hall , a technology communications manager at Ford .
Hall was quick to say that Ford would not approve apps -- such as video games -- that might distract the driver .
" Apps are becoming the norm for how people quickly and easily access the information they want , " Hall added .
" People are used to getting information on demand .
They have a digital life outside the car -- they should have a digital life inside the car . "
I t can be complicated to simplify things , but sometimes we need to be reminded of the essentials .
Michael Pollan 's done just that with his new book , Food Rules : An Eater 's Manual .
After researching The Omnivore 's Dilemma : A Natural History of Four Meals ( 2006 ) and In Defense of Food : An Eater 's Manifesto ( 2008 ) , Pollan came to an important realization : " The deeper I delved into the confused and confusing thicket of nutritional science , sorting through long - running fats versus carb wars , the fiber skirmishes and the raging dietary supplement debates , the simpler the picture gradually became , " he writes in Food Rules .
The simple picture , he says , can be distilled into two facts that will lead to a sensible diet : First , the Western diet leads to Western diseases , such as Type 2 diabetes , obesity , cardiovascular disease , and cancer .
" Four of the top ten killers in America are chronic diseases that can be linked to this diet , " Pollan claims .
Second , people throughout the world who eat a range of traditional diets , even those heavy in fats , carbohydrates , or protein , do n't suffer from these diseases .
Thankfully , Pollan offers a third fact derived from these two :
If we get away from the Western diet , we can see dramatic improvements in our health and reduce the risk of chronic diet - related diseases .
Epicurious spoke with Pollan about Food Rules and how its prescription for eating " real food " in moderation and sidestepping the Western diet developed naturally from the author 's mantra in his In Defense of Food : " Eat food .
Not too much .
Mostly plants . "
Epicurious :
If The Omnivore 's Dilemma is an eater 's manifesto , did you write Food Rules as a guide to putting the manifesto into practice ?
Michael Pollan :
That 's the basic idea .
After reading In Defense of Food , several doctors told me , " I 've got patients I 'd like to give the background to , just a list of rules . "
People were sending me their own rules , and I set up a Web site where they could post them … .
There was that repository of wisdom about food out there that we did n't have .
I 've compiled information from doctors , anthropologists , folklorists , and more .
Quirky Food Rules Rule 20 :
It 's not food if it arrived through the window of your car .
Rule 21 :
It 's not food if it 's called by the same name in every language ( think Big Mac , Cheetos , or Pringles ) .
Rule 26 :
Drink the spinach water .
Rule 32 :
Do n't overlook the oily little fishes .
Rule 36 :
Do n't eat breakfast cereals that change the color of the milk .
Rule 57 :
Do n't get your fuel from the same place your car does .
Epi :
Do you have a favorite Food Rule ?
MP : It changes , but probably , " Eat all the junk food you want as long as you cook it yourself . "
And this one 's weird because it 's so blunt : " The whiter the bread , the sooner you 'll be dead . "
Epi : The Food Rules are very simple though not always easy to act on .
Which rule is most difficult for you to follow ?
MP : I do n't have much trouble with them , but if I had to name one , probably Number 46 , " Stop eating before you 're full . "
That 's a challenge for Americans , who 've been trained to eat till they 're full and finish what 's on their plate .
Epi :
A related rule , " Leave something on your plate , " surprised me .
Is n't waste against the principles of ethical eating ?
Would n't it be better to simply shrink portions to eat less ?
MP : It 's a form of self - discipline , instead of your plate dictating when you 're full .
I 'm talking about a bite or two , not leaving a big pile of food .
Epi :
Do you think there 's hope for improving the Western diet , or are we too far gone ?
MP : I think there 's hope as we 're starting to recognize the toll this diet takes :
One third of the population is now obese ; there are soaring rates of Type 2 diabetes .
Eating this way is going to bankrupt the country .
The same kind of feedback on smoking changed our habits , and the smoking rate has gone down significantly ; we 're on course for that kind of change in food .
Epi :
Do you worry about the government getting too involved in policy about our food ?
MP : There 's always the potential for the government to do it badly , but they are already involved in agricultural policies , school nutrition , and other areas .
In fact , a lot of what we 're dealing with are the unintended consequences of government policies such as subsidies that can be changed .
Epi :
Are you seeing any changes as a result of The Omnivore 's Dilemma and Robert Kenner 's documentary Food , Inc . ?
Are consumers demanding that corn and its by - products not be added to every food , that chicken factories be shut down , for example ?
MP : Lots has changed since 2006 : Hundreds of products are being reformulated without high - fructose corn syrup , for one thing .
Local food is taking off , and the market for pastured meat and milk has grown enormously .
Epi :
What would be your last meal ?
MP : Hmmm .
Roast chicken , preferably pastured , with roasted vegetables , eaten very slowly .
That 's probably my favorite dinner .
And if there 's ever a time for slow food …
Epi :
Who are your food heroes ?
MP : Alice Waters , Dan Barber , Joel Salatin , Eliot Coleman , Fred Kirschenmann , Joan Gussow , and Marion Nestle .
I 've learned immense amounts from these people .
Epi :
If you could choose four dining companions ( besides your family ) , who would they be ?
MP : Barack and Michelle , and we'd talk about some of the issues surrounding food and farming in America .
We 'd eat salad from the White House garden .
I need four people ?
Well , let 's include Sasha and Malia .
Kids have to be in on this conversation , too .
Epi :
Do you have another food topic you 're itching to write about ?
MP : Yes , I want to write about cooking .
My research has convinced me cooking is an important part of the solution .
It 's the only way to take back our diet from the big companies .
Michael Pollan is the author of In Defense of Food : An Eater 's Manifesto ( 2008 ) , winner of a James Beard Award , and The Omnivore 's Dilemma : A Natural History of Four Meals , which was named one of the ten best books of 2006 by both The New York Times and The Washington Post .
In 2009 , Pollan appeared in the documentary Food , Inc. and PBS's The Botany of Desire .
He is a contributing writer to The New York Times Magazine .
Pollan 's new book , Food Rules : An Eater 's Manual , has just been published .
Learn more about the author at Michaelpollan.com .
photo by Alia Malley
See More Interviews :
The Cartwrights ' noisy love - making went on for ' hours at a time ' A woman who breached an Asbo banning her from having noisy sex has been given a suspended prison sentence .
Caroline and Steve Cartwright 's " unnatural " love - making prompted complaints from neighbours , a postman and a woman taking her child to school .
The 48 - year - old , from Washington on Wearside , had earlier pleaded guilty to three counts of breaching the Asbo .
At Newcastle Crown Court , she was given eight weeks suspended for 12 months and a 12 - month supervision order .
During a previous hearing , next door neighbour Rachel O'Connor told the court she was frequently late for work because she overslept having been kept awake most of the night .
She said : " The noise sounds like they are both in considerable pain .
I cannot describe the noise .
I have never ever heard anything like it . "
I 've heard a very short extract of the noise you make and can well see that your neighbours would be upset and distressed
Judge Beatrice Bolton
In December , Cartwright , of Hall Road , lost an appeal against the Asbo and an earlier noise abatement order .
Passing sentence , Judge Beatrice Bolton said : " I 've heard a very short extract of the noise you make and can well see that your neighbours would be upset and distressed by this .
" The difficulty here is that the first occurrence was the day following the order .
Then three days later you breached it again .
" In addition it 's quite clear from the small extract I heard that you made no attempt to silence yourself . "
Ms Bolton warned Cartwright that if she committed further offences of the same nature , she would be sent to prison .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I do n't live in a big city .
I live in a college town , surrounded by agricultural areas .
It 's never been a place with a whole lot of poverty .
I replied to a guy peering through my cracked ( as in spider - cracked ) car window that I had no cash and am barely making it myself , which is the God - honest truth .
When the light changed , I literally had to decide if I was going to push the horde of homeless people a little with my car in order to get to where I was going on time .
These did n't seem to be " tent city , " temporarily - out - of - work homeless .
These were filthy , toothless , self - talking homeless .
( Or is that what the " tent city " homeless have become ? )
I felt disoriented and paranoid for a minute , like I 'd flashed into a scene from Thriller or Invasion of the Body Snatchers .
Where the hell have I been ?
When did my town turn into the Tenderloin ?
It 's freezing today .
We have a big storm coming up this weekend .
We do n't have shelters to speak of , because both the town and the state are broke .
Where the on earth will all those shivering wanderers go ?
Here 's the thing .
I really wanted to help these people .
You know , beyond spooning soup at the Jesus Kitchen .
But the truth is , I 'm a miserable coward , and I 'm afraid of them .
I 'm afraid of drugs and desperation and dirtiness and crazy , because I 'm so close to being in that arcade myself half the time .
Which is dumb , because I 'm one of the really lucky ones .
When we had to foreclose this year on our elegant Victorian we 'd rebuilt by hand from the inside out , we had somewhere to go .
I mean yeah , the house we 're in now has poor insulation and is full of scampering rats , and our appliances are used and inefficient .
But I have enough skills to get by as a " consultant " until the state coughs up enough money to start hiring in my field again ( just today they laid off 100 more folks locally , in my line of work ) .
I live in a gay - ish urban tribe of sorts , and everyone has at least some work .
It 's not like we 've had to consider giving up the dogs because we can't feed them .
( Or eating the dogs because we can't feed ourselves . )
But still , you know .
I 'm now below the poverty line .
We all are .
One of us has epilepsy , another diabetes , another rheumatoid arthritis , and another has n't been to the doctor or dentist for a decade .
Oh and ?
I 'm afraid to mention how many higher degrees and decades of graduate - level training ( and student loan debt ) we share between us .
It 's too fucking depressing .
We 're lucky , though .
We have a home and each other .
But I got really scared of where my brain went as I was driving along , trying not to hit all the homeless people who were jaywalking , skinny dogs offleash , or riding their makeshift bikes against traffic , pulling their trailers of esoteric belongings .
I found myself locking the doors to my crappy - ass rustbucket , and imagining some sort of natural predator to cull the herd -- maybe vampires or werewolves -- since there are so many of us , and apparently so few resources .
( And too many " New Moon " ads . )
Terrible , I know .
But that 's how people start to think when things get bad .
So I come home , and I read about fucking Bernanke talking about raiding Social Security and Medicare to feed the ravening Fed and to line Wall Street with more frankincense and myrrh .
And I think of all those Glenn Beck psychos with their Waco-rific caches of ammunition , and how quick they'd be to leap to the defense of the Bernanke's of the world if we " socialists " ever got fed up enough to grab the torches and pitchforks .
So I 'm hunkered down with my sadness bowl of weak soup , surrounded by the
sophomoric papers someone has hired me to edit for a pittance .
And I know I should be grateful .
But really ?
I 'm starting to freak out .
edit Part 2 of this post was never written .
I no longer work on Opa .
For any question regarding Opa , please contact MLstate .
Since the initial announcement regarding OPA , we have received a number of questions regarding all the aspects of the language ( including , suprisingly , a few demands for answers and documentation ) .
Well , while we ’re busy putting together documentation , benchmarks and FAQ , here ’s a quick tour of one of the most fundamental pieces of the language : the type system .
When designing the OPA language , we have two priorities in mind : simplicity and safety .
In many languages , the type system is the first place where these kinds of priorities collide .
Languages such as Java and C# are rather safe , largely thanks to their type system , but at the cost of simplicity — you need to understand classes , inheritance , interfaces , static methods , exactly at which time dispatch is decided between several methods with the same name , etc .
Conversely , languages such as Python , Ruby or Erlang manage to be extremely simple , but they only provide the bare minimum in terms of safety : the program will crash cleanly or raise an exception in case of type error , nothing more .
Other languages such as OCaml , Haskell , F# or Scala provide even more safety than Java and C# , with a type system which users of these languages consider much more flexible than that of Java or C# , but at the cost of seemingly arbitrary limitations : for instance , OCaml users are accustomed to mysterious type variables that “ ca n’t be generalized ” .
In this entry , I will try to explain our take on the problem of typing for both simplicity and safety .
In a future blog entry , I will discuss how the type system in OPA can be used ( and is effectively used ) to provide nice compile - time optimizations .
Data structures
Firstly , let ’s set the landscape : OPA is statically and strongly typed .
That point is non-negociatable , as it is absolutely necessary to have any form of compile - time guarantee of safety .
This is not the only layer of safety analysis , but other layers rely on this one .
Now , the OPA type system relies on type inference .
In other words , with a few exceptions ( namely , the database ) , users do n’t need to write any type , except for documentation purposes .
For our demonstration , let ’s define a simple data structure .
Say coordinates :
{x = 5 ; y = 9}
In the interactive mode ( not available in the preview ) , we can write this expression and let OPA type it for us .
Characters # and ; ; are part of the interactive mode , by the way , not of OPA itself :
# {x = 5 ; y = 9} ;; - : { x : int ; y : int } = { x = 5 ; y = 9 ; }
Note that we have only written the expression .
A type has been constructed for us .
This is by opposition to most statically - typed programming languages : even languages with type inference usually rely on nominal typing , and require each type to have been declared at least once before using it .
In OPA , although you can give names to types if you wish to , by default , OPA will construct types as needed , based on the structure of your values .
This is called structural typing .
Users of dynamic programming languages should feel at home , as this is quite close to dynamic duck typing .
Here , the type that OPA has deduced is { x : int ; y : int } .
This is a record type , stating that the value will always contain a field named “ x ” , associated to an integer number , and a field named “ y ” , associated to another integer number .
Records are comparable to objects in object - oriented languages , in numerous ways .
We wo n’t cover matters such as virtual fields or inheritance in this blog entry , though .
Once the typer has determined that we have a record with type { x : int ; y : int } , it can ensure at compile - time that attempting to use any other field from this record is an error .
For the purpose of an example , let ’s write a function and force its type :
# f(a : {x : int ; y : int} ) = a.x ; ; val f : { x : int ; y : int} -> int = < fun > # g( a : {x : int ; y : int ) = a.z ;;
This expression has type { x : int ; y : int} .
However , according to the context , it seems that it should have type { z : ' a ; ... } Diagnosis :
You seem to be assuming that this record contains a field named z .
However , it has no such field .
At this stage , users of dynamically typed languages may be tempted to answer that they often want to return objects that may or may not contain a field name z depending on the circumstances .
Do n’t worry , it ’s possible in OPA .
It just happens so that the type system will ensure that you never make mistakes with this kind of practices .
Records are used pervasively in OPA .
For instance , in OPA , booleans are two particular records {true = void} ( with type {true : void} ) and {false = void} ( with type { false : void} ) .
As it ’s nicer to write , such trivial records and types can also be simply written {true} and {false} .
# {true} ;; - : {true : void} = {true = void}
As in most languages , you can manipulate booleans with if ... then ... else ... .
# if 0 == 0 then 0 else 1 ; ; - : int = 0
Now , from what we have seen , {true} and {false} have two distinct and incompatible types .
Surely , we can write a function that returns a boolean , can we ?
In a class - based or interface - based object - oriented programming language , one could imagine that {true} and {false} could share a common superclass or interface , which would let us return both {true} and {false} .
Well , that ’s nearly what happens in OPA , except you do n’t have to declare that common superclass / interface : {true} and {false} are both part of a sum type {true} / { false} .
By definition , a value of sum type {true} / { false} is either {true} or {false} .
Note that these are not just two values but two types , so this sum type is indeed quite comparable to an interface in object - oriented languages .
Also note , if you are familiar with another language with sum types , that OPA ’s sum types are probably much more powerful than what you are used to , as they do not rely on sum constructors .
By convention , the standard library calls this sum type bool , and defines the name by the following line :
type bool = {true} / { false}
Again , you do n’t need to declare sum types , they are completely deduced from an expression :
# get_card = | 1 -> {ace} | 11 -> { jack} | 12 -> {queen} | 13 -> { king} | n -> {ranked = n} ; ; val get_card : int -> {ace} / { jack} / {queen} / { king} / {ranked : int} = < fun >
Now , I promised earlier that sum types are still safe , by opposition to casts in most object - oriented programming languages or the admission of runtime errors in most dynamic programming languages .
That ’s because there is only one way of using the contents of a sum type .
This construction is called < em> pattern - matching </em > .
The following defines a function that takes as argument a card , determines which record type is represented by this card , and takes action based on that record type .
# string_of_card = | {ace} -> " ace " | { jack} -> " jack " | {queen} -> " queen " | {ranked = n} -> " ranked card {n} " ;; val string_of_card : {ace} / { jack} / {queen} / {ranked : int} -> string = < fun >
Note that we can differentiate two types that contain related fields .
If we wish to handle a special ace with structure {ace ; spade} , for instance , we can redefine string_of_card as follows :
# string_of_card = | {ace} -> " ace " | {ace ; spade} -> " ace of spade ! " | { jack} -> " jack " | {queen} -> ; " queen " | {ranked = n} -> " ranked card {n} " ; val string_of_card : {ace} / {ace ; spade} / { jack} / {queen} / {ranked : int} -> string = < fun >
Note that {ace ; spade} is not a special case of {ace} , there is no subclassing mechanism involved here .
We ill present the subclassing - like mechanism of OPA ( called row variables ) in another blog entry .
Let ’s compose string_of_card with get_card .
# x -> string_of_card( get_card(x ) ) ;;
Description :
This expression has type { ace : unit } / { jack : unit } / { king : unit } / { queen : unit } / { ranked : int } -> ' a .
However , according to the context , it seems that it should have type { ace : 'a } / { ace : 'b ; spade : 'c } / { jack : 'd } / { queen : 'e } / { ranked : 'f } -> string .
The types are incompatible , because type { ace : unit } / { jack : unit } / { king : unit } / { queen : unit } / { ranked : int } and type { ace : 'a } / { ace : 'b ; spade : 'c } / { jack : 'd } / { queen : 'e } / { ranked : 'f } are incompatible .
Diagnosis :
This expression is a sum and could be evaluated to records with several distinct structures .
While you handle some of the possible structures , it seems that you have forgotten to handle some cases , such as { king : unit } .
Well , the error message is a bit lengthy bit did succeed at catching our error : function get_card can produce a {king} , while function string_of_card cannot work with a {king} .
Is that all the OPA type system can do ?
Of course not .
For the moment , we have demonstrated records ( in type - theory lingo , labelled products ) and sum types ( in type - theory lingo , unlabelled union ) .
OPA also offers generics more powerful than those of Java or C# ( in type - theory lingo , parametric polymorphism ) , a mechanism comparable to subclasses ( in type - theory lingo , row variables ) and subinterfaces ( in type - theory lingo , column variables ) , overloading ( in type - theory lingo , intersection ) and more , much more .
I will try and cover these topics in the course of the next few days .
Netcfg -- GUI interface for managing network configuration
This web page describes the network configuration program netcfg .
Written to replace Redhat 's deprecated and limited netcfg program , this new version provides the same functionality and more .
This version of netcfg also provides the ability to manage multiple system profiles -- a " must have " for the roaming user .
Visit the netcfg project page for downloads and other stuff .
Features :
All of the network editing features of the old netcfg .
Create and manage multiple networking profiles .
Activate and deactivate interfaces .
Change network settings on the fly without rebooting system .
Still to be done :
Firewall administration
PPP over ethernet
Finish the on - line help .
" MS Windows Compatibility Mode " -- forces system reboot after every change , no matter how trivial .
Screenshots
Help files :
License :
When Apple unveiled the iPhone 3GS in mid-2009 , it included serious improvements to the built - in camera hardware , bumping the resolution from 2 to 3.2 megapixels .
That trend may well continue with the next version of the iPhone : the latest intelligence about CMOS image sensor supplier OmniVision suggests that the company will be supplying Apple with 5 megapixel sensors for the next - generation iPhone , expected to launch in summer .
The original iPhone and the iPhone 3G made use of compact and relatively low - cost imaging hardware consisting of a rather average - performing 2 megapixel CMOS sensor mated to a fixed - focus , fixed - aperture lens .
This combination proved serviceable for most average picture taking — even downright good given ample lighting — but definitely suffered in low light , close focus , and tricky lighting scenarios .
For the iPhone 3GS , Apple switched suppliers to OmniVision , utilizing the company 's 1/4 " 3.2 megapixel CIS paired with a true autofocus lens .
This combination offered increased resolution , a truly useful 30 fps video option , and vastly sharper close - up shots .
Combined with a " touch to focus " software feature that linked focusing and metering to an area of the image that the user could choose by simply touching the screen , the new hardware proved far superior to previous iPhones .
Taiwan - based DigiTimes , which broke the news of the iPhone 3GS 's impending camera upgrade last year , reports that OmniVision is expected to double the number of image sensors — from about 20 million to about 40 million — that it will supply to Apple in 2010 .
Unnamed sources indicated that an unknown fraction of that 40 million will be the new , 5 megapixel sensors , which Apple will use in next summer 's expected iPhone hardware revision .
As many readers may know , packing more megapixels onto the same sized sensor generally results in smaller , less - sensitive pixels .
However , OmniVision 's 1/4 " 5 megapixel sensor uses a technique called backside illumination to maintain — and in some cases increase — sensitivity of these smaller pixels .
It works by flipping the traditional architecture of CMOS image sensors upside down , letting light fall on the " back side " of the sensor .
This means that more light hits the actual sensing diode in each pixel location .
The result of using backside illumination is that Apple can use OmniVision 's 1/4 " 5 megapixel sensors as a drop - in replacement for the current 3.2 megapixel one in the iPhone 3GS .
It significantly increases the resolution without compromising on low - light performance or requiring a larger lens to accommodate for a larger sensor .
These sensors also offer full 1080 p HD video resolution at 30 fps — a significant improvement over the iPhone 3GS 's paltry VGA video resolution .
DigiTimes was completely accurate when it came to revealing that OmniVision 's 3.2 megapixel sensor would be used in the iPhone 3GS , but not so accurate when it reported that cameras with such sensors would end up in revisions to the iPod touch , iPod nano ( which ultimately ended up with a low - resolution video camera ) , and , of all things , the iPod classic .
If this latest report is accurate , though , the next iPhone could pack some serious imaging horsepower .
It should also keep the iPhone competitive with recently released smartphones such as the Motorola Droid , which have higher resolution camera sensors .
( CBS News ) - A few days after leaked e-mail messages appeared on the Internet , the U.S. Congress may probe whether prominent scientists who are advocates of global warming theories misrepresented the truth about climate change .
Sen . James Inhofe , an Oklahoma Republican , said on Monday the leaked correspondence suggested researchers " cooked the science to make this thing look as if the science was settled , when all the time of course we knew it was not , " according to a transcript of a radio interview posted on his Web site .
Aides for Rep. Darrell Issa , a California Republican , are also looking into the disclosure .
The leaked documents ( see our previous coverage ) come from the Climatic Research Unit of the University of East Anglia in eastern England .
In global warming circles , the CRU wields outsize influence : it claims the world 's largest temperature data set , and its work and mathematical models were incorporated into the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's 2007 report .
That report , in turn , is what the Environmental Protection Agency acknowledged it " relies on most heavily " when concluding that carbon dioxide emissions endanger public health and should be regulated .
Last week 's leaked e-mails range from innocuous to embarrassing and , critics believe , scandalous .
They show that some of the field 's most prominent scientists were so wedded to theories of man-made global warming that they ridiculed dissenters who asked for copies of their data ( " have to respond to more crap criticisms from the idiots " ) , cheered the deaths of skeptical journalists , and plotted how to keep researchers who reached different conclusions from publishing in peer - reviewed journals .
One e-mail message , apparently from CRU director Phil Jones , references the U.K.'s Freedom of Information
Act when asking another researcher to delete correspondence that might be disclosed in response to public records law : " Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise . "
Another , also apparently from Jones : global warming skeptics " have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the UK , I think I 'll delete the file rather than send to anyone . "
( Jones was a contributing author to the chapter of the U.N. 's IPCC report titled " Detection of Climate Change and Attribution of Causes . " )
In addition to e-mail messages , the roughly 3,600 leaked documents posted on sites including Wikileaks.org and EastAngliaEmails.com include computer code and a description of how an unfortunate programmer named " Harry " -- possibly the CRU's Ian " Harry " Harris -- was tasked with resuscitating and updating a key temperature database that proved to be problematic .
Some excerpts from what appear to be his notes , emphasis added :
I am seriously worried that our flagship gridded data product is produced by Delaunay triangulation - apparently linear as well .
As far as I can see , this renders the station counts totally meaningless .
It also means that we cannot say exactly how the gridded data is arrived at from a statistical perspective - since we 're using an off - the - shelf product that is n't documented sufficiently to say that .
Why this was n't coded up in Fortran I do n't know - time pressures perhaps ?
Was too much effort expended on homogenisation , that there was n't enough time to write a gridding procedure ?
Of course , it 's too late for me to fix it too .
Meh .
I am very sorry to report that the rest of the databases seem to be in nearly as poor a state as Australia was .
There are hundreds if not thousands of pairs of dummy stations , one with no WMO and one with , usually overlapping and with the same station name and very similar coordinates .
I know it could be old and new stations , but why such large overlaps if that 's the case ?
Aarrggghhh !
There truly is no end in sight ...
So , we can have a proper result , but only by including a load of garbage !
One thing that 's unsettling is that many of the assigned WMo codes for Canadian stations do not return any hits with a web search .
Usually the country 's met office , or at least the Weather Underground , show up – but for these stations , nothing at all .
Makes me wonder if these are long - discontinued , or were even invented somewhere other than Canada !
Knowing how long it takes to debug this suite - the experiment endeth here .
The option ( like all the anomdtb options ) is totally undocumented so we 'll never know what we lost .
22 . Right , time to stop pussyfooting around the niceties of Tim 's labyrinthine software suites - let 's have a go at producing CRU TS 3.0 !
since failing to do that will be the definitive failure of the entire project .
Ulp !
I am seriously close to giving up , again .
The history of this is so complex that I can't get far enough into it before by head hurts and I have to stop .
Each parameter has a tortuous history of manual and semi-automated interventions that I simply cannot just go back to early versions and run the update prog .
I could be throwing away all kinds of corrections - to lat / lons , to WMOs ( yes ! ) , and more .
So what the hell can I do about all these duplicate stations ?...
As the leaked messages , and especially the HARRY_READ_ME .
txt file , found their way around technical circles , two things happened : first , programmers unaffiliated with East Anglia started taking a close look at the quality of the CRU 's code , and second , they began to feel sympathetic for anyone who had to spend three years ( including working weekends ) trying to make sense of code that appeared to be undocumented and buggy , while representing the core of CRU 's climate model .
One programmer highlighted the error of relying on computer code that , if it generates an error message , continues as if nothing untoward ever occurred .
Another debugged the code by pointing out why the output of a calculation that should always generate a positive number was incorrectly generating a negative one .
A third concluded : " I feel for this guy .
He 's obviously spent years trying to get data from undocumented and completely messy sources . "
Programmer - written comments inserted into CRU 's Fortran code have drawn fire as well .
The file briffa_se p98_d.
pro says : " Apply a VERY ARTIFICAL correction for decline !! " and " APPLY ARTIFICIAL CORRECTION . "
Another , quantify_tsdcal.pro , says : " Low pass filtering at century and longer time scales never gets rid of the trend - so eventually I start to scale down the 120 - yr low pass time series to mimic the effect of removing / adding longer time scales ! "
It 's not clear how the files were leaked .
One theory says that a malicious hacker slipped into East Anglia 's network and snatched thousands of documents .
Another says that the files had already been assembled in response to a Freedom of Information request and , immediately after it was denied , a whistleblower decided to disclose them .
( Lending credence to that theory is the fact that no personal e-mail messages unrelated to climate change appear to have been leaked . )
For its part , the University of East Anglia has posted a statement calling the disclosure " mischievous " and saying it is aiding the police in an investigation .
The statement also quotes Jones , CRU 's director , explaining his November 1999 e-mail , which said : " I 've just completed Mike 's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) amd from 1961 for Keith 's to hide the decline . "
Jones said that the word trick was used " colloquially as in a clever thing to do " and that it " is ludicrous to suggest that it refers to anything untoward . "
Also unclear is the ultimate impact of the leak , which came before next month 's Copenhagen summit and Democratic plans for cap and trade legislation .
On one hand , over at RealClimate.org , Gavin Schmidt , a modeler for the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies , has been downplaying the leak .
Schmidt wrote : " There is no evidence of any worldwide conspiracy , no mention of George Soros nefariously funding climate research ... no admission that global warming is a hoax , no evidence of the falsifying of data , and no ' marching orders ' from our socialist / communist / vegetarian overlords . "
On the other , groups like the free - market Competitive Enterprise Institute , the target of repeated derision in the leaked e-mails , have said : " We have argued for many years that much of the scientific case for global warming alarmism was weak and some of it was phony .
It now looks like a lot of it may be phony . "
ScienceMag.org published an article noting that deleting e-mail messages to hide them from a FOI request is a crime in the United Kingdom .
George Monbiot , a U.K. activist and journalist who previously called for dramatic action to deal with global warming , wrote : " It 's no use pretending that this is n't a major blow .
The emails extracted by a hacker from the climatic research unit at the University of East Anglia could scarcely be more damaging . "
Complicating matters for congressional Republicans who'd like to hold hearings is that East Anglia , of course , is a U.K. university .
The GOP may intend to press the Obama administration for details on how the EPA came to rely on the CRU 's predictions , and whether the recent disclosure will change the agency 's position .
Another approach lies in e-mail messages discussing grants from the U.S. Commerce Department 's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to East Anglia ; one says : " We need to show some left to cover the costs of the trip Roger did n't make and also the fees / equipment / computer money we have n't spent otherwise NOAA will be suspicious . "
The irony of this situation is that most of us expect science to be conducted in the open , without unpublished secret data , hidden agendas , and computer programs of dubious reliability .
East Anglia's Climatic Research
Unit might have avoided this snafu by publicly disclosing as much as possible at every step of the way .
_____________
Declan McCullagh is a correspondent for CBSNews.com .
He can be reached at [ email protected ] and can be followed on Twitter as declanm .
You can bookmark Declan 's Taking Liberties site here , or subscribe to the RSS feed .
Valve have announced the latest stats about Steam ’s performance in 2009 .
If I were to plot them on a graph they would go off the top of the paper and I ’d have to draw on the desk .
Which would leave no room for a title .
And my graph would be marked down .
Steam now has over 25 million users .
Which is a 25 % increase over the year .
Which means Gabe Newell ’s throne made of diamonds is now 25 % sparklier .
And all in the week when GoG.com founder , Marcin Iwiński , called Steam “ malware ” .
10 million of the accounts have Steam profiles , which indicates a more dedicated use than having been forced to download it for a particular game ( Modern Warfare 2 did n’t exactly sell out on PC , but it ca n’t have hurt Steam ’s figures ) .
It also indicates a dedicated hardcore PC gaming player - base of a minimum of 10 million .
Which is significant .
Here ’s some more fun numbers .
Steam at one point during the last year had more than 2.5 m concurrent users , which when converted in the nonsense of “ player minutes ” makes more than 13 billion per month .
While they still wo n’t reveal any useful data about sales , which is frankly just tiresome at this point , they report that unit sales increased by more than 205 % over the last year .
This of course does n’t directly translate to increased profit , as 2009 was the year of the Valve Sale .
These big numbers come in light of remarks by Good Old Games founder , Marcin Iwiński , where he described Steam as “ malware ” .
Discussing the ineffective nature of DRM he spoke about his experiences with Modern Warfare 2 to Polish website Polygamia.pl .
“ I was personally affected when I bought Modern Warfare 2 .
The installation ( through Steam ) took almost two days and only then I could sit down and play it .
Then , when I uninstalled it from Steam , I tried to delete Steam itself .
It turned out that there is no “ Uninstall ? ” option in the Steam directory , and when I tried to do it through Add / Remove , I faced a message that I have no Administrative privileges ( sic ! ) .
Fortunately , I managed to uninstall it thanks to a clever program called Total Uninstall , which effectively deletes leftover files from badly written programs .
After such experience , it ’s hard to be positively inclined towards DRM .
One would want to buy a new game ( for lots of money , by the way ) , install it and start playing normally , not be forced to do various different things and install various malware that cannot be normally removed . ; ) ”
We approached Valve for comment regarding this quote , but they chose not to respond .
Valve intend to expand Steam further throughout 2010 , and hopefully we ’ll see a more effective roll - out of features like Steam Cloud .
( In an optional form ! )
Newell offers his thoughts at the end of the announcement :
Every new father in Britain is to be given a " dads ' guide " that will include an explanation of breast­feeding and tips on how to support their partner .
The move will be announced in a government green paper on families and relationships this week , which is expected to be focused on the role of men and will lay out government plans to encourage stable relationships .
Ministers are trying to counter suggestions that policies for parents have been too focused on mothers .
They are also trying to match Conservative attempts to make the family a central policy issue , with commentators describing this year 's poll as the " Mumsnet election " .
The green paper will argue that involving fathers more in their ­offspring 's early years is not only good for the child , but can also help the couple 's relationship .
The guide will be placed inside the Bounty Pack , a package of information and advice about pregnancy and the early months of a baby 's life that is given to all new mothers .
It has been put together by the Fatherhood Institute ( FI ) , which is also ­producing ­a manual for midwives so that they can offer fathers more support .
Rob Williams , chief executive of FI , said providing fathers with more information during pregnancy and birth would help them become much more involved in their child 's first few months .
" All communications go to the mother , even if the father is in the same room , " he said .
" Fathers tell us that they get the impression they are not important .
Yet if they understand breastfeeding and support it , mothers are much more likely to be successful when doing it . "
Williams said there was evidence that when fathers had a one - hour session on breastfeeding before the birth , the mother was twice as likely to be still doing it after six months .
" There is also a lot of evidence that children do better in school if fathers are involved in their education , " he added .
" And work shows that , where fathers are more involved with childcare , the couple are more satisfied in their own relationships .
Sharing duties seems to make a marriage more stable . "
Teachers will also be asked to engage more with fathers , including sending them school reports if a pupil 's parents have separated .
This spectacular image of our home planet was captured by the OSIRIS instrument on ESA 's Rosetta comet chaser earlier today as the spacecraft approached Earth for the third and final swingby .
Closest approach is due at 08:45 CET , 13 November 2009 .
Follow Rosetta 's progress at ESA 's dedicated Rosetta site and via the Rosetta Blog .
The image was acquired with the OSIRIS narrow - angle camera from a distance of 633 000 km on 12 November 2009 at 13:28 CET .
The resolution is 12 km / pixel .
Three images with an orange , green , and blue filter were combined to create this one .
The illuminated crescent is centered roughly around the South Pole ( South at the bottom of the image ) .
The outline of Antarctica is visible under the clouds that form the striking south - polar vortex .
Pack ice in front of the coastline with its strong spectacular reflection is the cause for the very bright spots on the image .
The OSIRIS ( Optical , Spectroscopic , and Infrared Remote Imaging System ) is a wide - angle camera and a narrow - angle camera to obtain high - resolution images of the comet 's nucleus and the asteroids that Rosetta passes on its voyage to Comet 67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko .
It will help in identifying the best landing sites .
Credits : ESA ©2009 MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS / UPD / LAM / IAA / RSSD / INTA / UPM / DASP/IDA
Principal Investigator : H.U. Keller , MPAe , Katlenburg - Lindau , Germany
Rosetta is also investigating a cosmic mystery : a gravitational anomaly that has baffled scientists for two decades .
Photographer Brian Ulrich lives and works in Chicago .
His work has been shown in Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago ; the Museum of Contemporary Art , San Diego ; the Art Institute of Chicago ; the Museum of Contemporary Photography ; Galerie f5.6 in Munich , among others .
He is a 2009 John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Fellow , and his book Is This Place Great or What was published by Aperture in 2011 .
All images copyright the artist , all rights reserved .
Landscaping overgrows , walls develop mildew , ceilings cave in — a building can be shut down , but that does n’t make it go away .
Brian Ulrich ’s photographs of closed - down malls and big - box retail stores reveal the potential ghost towns lying inside successful shopping complexes all across America .
Why closed - down stores ?
The idea went back to 2005 when I drove weekly past a large closed supermarket on the North Side of Chicago .
At night the space really transformed from one of neglect and misuse to something incredibly visual that described a Rothko - esque painting space divided in three parts ( parking lot , building , and sky ) .
I spent a few nights making some photographs to try and replicate what I saw .
I had been working on a larger project dealing with American consumerism , and it was no surprise to me that these spaces would fail and dwindle as fast they arise .
I was in the midst of a deeper project , photographing in thrift stores and recycling shops as part of my “ Copia ” series , so I shelved the idea .
At the end of 2007 with many rumblings of recession , I thought of those pictures and began the project in earnest in May of 2008 .
In many senses it was a vindication of what I had been talking about in my earlier work .
How can an economy sustain a lifestyle based on exponential growth and the leisure and wealth to support it ?
It ’s not rocket science to expect these kind of illusions to fail .
What ’s strange is how ingrained the brands and spaces are to us that so many were not only surprised to see major retailers and malls sink but were saddened .
Many of these ideas were set in motion decades ago .
Where in America are these empty stores ?
Everywhere !
What ’s nice about photography is it can transform your perception of your experiences .
By making these photographs it puts the spotlight of the massive amount of space not only dedicated to retail across the country , but the massive amount of neglect by those spaces .
It is important for me to travel across the country to emphasize this .
The pictures are titled by the former brand that occupied the location so one would never know if the scene was Ohio , Nevada , or New Jersey without some research , but that ’s not the point .
The point is to create a sense that you are looking at the dead mall or empty Circuit City from your neighborhood .
The traveling for me comes out of a obsession with not only cataloging so much of the issue but also making many subtle connections to landscape to be clear that we ’re looking at the whole country .
How do you set up a shot ?
Do you have to get permission to get inside the buildings ?
Sometimes I do make arrangements to get permission to photograph inside the malls .
Sometimes they say no , other times I ’m lucky .
In some of the malls , they are in such dire states that there is simply no security there to tell anyone not to photograph .
As far as the retail spaces , I show up and get to work .
I ’ve never been asked to leave a parking lot since there are no laws against photography in public .
To set up a picture depends on what ’s in front of the camera .
I start by doing lots of research online .
Looking through Flickr , Google Street View , Deadmalls.com , and Labelscar as well as retail real - estate listings .
I ’m trying to get an idea of what I might find in a given location .
Some sites change fast as I have to sometimes have good timing to find some of the “ label scars ” before they are painted over .
Other times it ’s simply driving , looking , and exploring .
Once I get to a location I make tons of cell phone snaps to start to make decisions about what kind of picture to make .
It can be obvious or subtle and it ’s not uncommon to not even make the picture until months later .
Many abandoned big - box stores are renovated into schools or churches .
What do you think should be done with these empty buildings ?
Some buildings can be repurposed but so many cannot .
Retail design and use is not only based on the space itself but also location .
When a few stores go down often many others in an area go with them — a retail ghost town if you will .
Though one can repurpose one space it might sit in a vast area of blight .
The problem lies not in what we should do with what we have already but it seems more important to get a lot stricter about what new retail spaces we allow into our communities .
The promises are always jobs and tax revenue , but that wo n’t help in the long run if the store folds or relocates to the next township who offers an incentive .
It may seem cynical but I personally would like to see many of the spaces simply be turned back into fields , woods , and natural landscape , rather than trying to discover some profound solution .
This is actually happening not so much by design in Detroit where entire neighborhoods are disappearing .
Rather than design a new use for the space , many are arguing to leave it and let it be .
Are these giant retail stores a necessary part of our culture ?
I think many of the initial ideas that Victor Gruen had for malls were in the right direction , but sadly they ’ve fallen so far from community center .
People are moving back to downtowns , largely where community is unavoidable .
One has to know one ’s neighbor , and when you buy something from a merchant you know , you ’re aware of the intrinsic act of exchange .
I cringe to think we ’ll all just be under one giant Costco roof like in the movie Wall - E in the future , though it sometimes it seems quite feasible .
Though the internet serves as a much better roof than Costco !
BARTER FOR INSTRUCTION
We ran classes in 2010 , 2011 , and will open again this March .
Looking for Trade School ?
We ’re moving to a new domain and a whole new global platform !
Until we get all the tubes connected properly , this site will remain up , but all new classes for the New York Trade School will be posted to tradeschool .
coop / newyork
GO THERE NOW
Not in New York ?
Not a problem !
There are now Trade Schools opening up all over the world .
Visit tradeschool .coop to see if there ’s one in your area – and if there is n’t – start one !
A Northern Territory surgeon says Darwin has the highest rate of broken jaws in the world and that can be attributed mostly to alcohol - related violence .
Royal Darwin Hospital surgeon Mahiban
Thomas says he was given a " rude shock " when he arrived in Darwin five years ago .
Dr Thomas says the hospital sees about 350 cases of broken jaws and noses every year .
" ( This ) puts us at about 17 per 10,000 population , which is well above anywhere else in the world , " he said .
He says he is very busy and also worried because most of the breaks are caused by drunken assaults .
" Only 12 per cent of the trauma patients have not been a victim of an alcohol - related assault , " he said .
Dr Thomas says most assaults occur outside pubs and nightclubs on Thursday and Friday nights .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) defended Congress ' work on a healthcare bill Tuesday saying the process has displayed historic transparency , just as C - SPAN mounts an effort to open the negotiations .
ADVERTISEMENT
C-SPAN wrote a letter to congressional leaders Tuesday asking that TV cameras be allowed to film negotiations to reconcile the House and Senate versions of healthcare reform legislation .
But Pelosi said Congress has already been transparent throughout the process .
" There has never been a more open process for any legislation , " Pelosi said at a press conference .
Pelosi also hinted that holding informal negotiations -- likely without TV cameras -- might be the most practical way to push the legislation through .
" We will do what is necessary to pass the bill , " Pelosi said .
Rep. Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md. ) , assistant to the Speaker , said the healthcare bill had been " subjected to unprecedented level of public scrutiny . "
Pressed on whether C - SPAN cameras would be allowed in negotiations , Van Hollen hedged .
" We do n't even know if there 's going to be a conference committee , " he said , alluding to the likelihood that Democrats will reconcile the two bills behind closed doors .
What happened to all those GOP ideas ?
Does the Republican Party have any ideas ?
The query may have a familiar ring .
Five years ago , the question of substance was demanded incessantly of the Democrats .
Indeed , in one of those intellectual fads that periodically sweep through Washington , the political class became obsessed with the notion that conservatives had unambiguously won what everybody was calling “ the war of ideas . ”
The notion was everywhere .
The right gloated .
( “ Conservative thought , ” boasted right - wing foundation maven James Piereson , “ has seized the initiative in the world of ideas . ” )
Republicans scolded the opposition .
( President Bush chastised Democrats in Congress : “ [ I ] f they have no ideas or policies except obstruction , they should step aside and let others lead . ” )
And Democrats internalized the accusation .
( “ It makes me realize , ” observed labor leader Andrew Stern in 2005 , “ how vibrant the Republicans are in creating twenty - first - century ideas , and how sad it is that we ’re defending sixty - year - old ideas . ” )
We do n’t need the benefit of hindsight to grasp how silly it was to claim that the Bush - era Republican Party had risen to power on the crest of policy ideas whose time had come , or that the Democratic Party lacked an agenda of its own .
The taunts about Democrats ’ lacking ideas was less a serious analysis than an attempt to bully the party into cooperating with Bush ’s plan to gradually privatize Social Security .
( Click here to read about the history of conservatives opposing insane progressive ideas , such as women 's suffrage and child labor laws . )
In reality , both parties have plenty of ideas that they would like to implement if given the political power to do so .
Republicans ’ policy ideas primarily involve cutting marginal tax rates and regulations .
The question is n’t whether the Republican Party has any ideas .
The question is whether the party has any relevant ideas .
In the days following the 2008 election , some Republicans predicted that the party would retool itself in response to reality -- not just political reality but the actuality of policy challenges .
“ Republicans , ” wrote conservative Ramesh Ponnuru in Time , “ will have to devise an agenda that speaks to a country where more people feel the bite of payroll taxes than income taxes , where health - care costs eat up raises even in good times , where the length of the daily commute is a bigger irritant than are earmarks . ”
Nothing like that rethinking has happened or will happen .
Personal Quote :
I take my work very seriously , and that 's the only way for it to be fun for me .
Hockey is a team sport and there is nothing better to teammates that when one of their own breaks out of a slump .
That was the case in Saturday afternoon ’s 4 - 2 win against Edmonton as Devin Setoguchi exploded for two goals to help propel the Sharks to victory .
The nine - game goalless streak had been long enough so long that Setoguchi reverted to an old trick that worked in juniors .
He had his hair cut down so the scalp was clearly visible .
The irony is he had the exact same success Saturday that he did back in Saskatoon .
“ I did it in junior when I was 18 and had a scoring ( slump ) , ” said Setoguchi .
“ I scored two goals that night .
” Setoguchi got the haircut on Friday , but did not do it himself .
“ Torrey ’s girlfriend cut it for me , ” said Setoguchi .
Setoguchi ’s first goal was a shot from the hashmarks that went in thanks to some bodies moving in front .
“ I ’ve been trying to get to the net and get shots , ” said Setoguchi .
“ I felt on the first one Clowe went to the net with traffic .
I was n’t sure if it went in or not , but it ’s nice to contribute .
” Hair aside , the victory was sweeter as , in addition to the first line scoring twice , there was offensive production in other areas .
“ Especially since it came from Seto , ” said Sharks Head Coach Todd McLellan .
“ He was on his toes and found a way to contribute . ” McLellan noted the goals had more to do with Setoguchi ’s head than his hair , or lack there of .
“ He cleared his mind , ” said McLellan .
“ Everyone has been trying to help the guy .
” SOMETIMES IT’S BETTER TO RECEIVESan Jose ’s fourth goal came courtesy of a tape - to - tape pass .
Joe Thornton was part of the play but he was the recipient of a perfect pass across the crease from Douglas Murray “ We always new he had some skills , ” said Thornton .
“ We ’ve been toying around to find each other in practice . ” Murray joked that the practice finally paid off .
“ It took me five years to find him and it ’s about time , ” laughed Murray .
Murray said it would n’t be above him to cut his long locks some time as Setoguchi did , but it would n’t be for scoring reasons .
“ I ’ve been close a few times , ” said Murray .
“ I ’ll probably come up with some stupid excuse .
” BE PREPAREDThe Edmonton Oilers are simply struggling at this point of the season and they sit in last place in the Western Conference , but that is exactly the type of opponent that teams get caught relaxing against sometimes .
That was not the case Saturday .
“ We know the odds were in our favor , but you still have to go out and produce , ” said Thornton .
“ We did n’t look past them .
” NETMINDERSRarely used netminders Thomas Greiss and Devan Dubnyk got the starts for their teams and the two had combined for just 14 starts previously .
Greiss knows that he will go multiple games between starts , but he shows up ready when called upon and improved his record to 5 - 3 - 0 on the season .
He enjoyed the defensive assistance he was provided on the day .
“ I think the team played very well , ” said Greiss .
The highlight of the contest from the goalie ’s perspective was when Greiss came out to challenge for a loose puck and was able to stop the shot attempt .
Greiss may not have arrived first to the loose puck , but he did his job .
“ I just played the puck and did n’t really think on it , ” said Greiss about his attacking style on the play .
Greiss earned the praise of his head coach for the day ’s work .
“ Thomas always seems to come up with a really big game , ” said McLellan .
“ He ’s worked hard and is prepared .
He has the right to be confident .
” LINE ADJUSTMENTSMcLellan switched up three of his lines for the contest and it worked out well .
Manny Malhotra played with Joe Pavelski and Setoguchi , Ryane Clowe played with Scott Nichol and Jed Ortmeyer while Benn Ferriero joined Torrey Mitchell and Jody Shelley .
“ The changes sparked a couple of lines , ” said McLellan .
LEADING
THE WAYWith his 32nd goal , Patrick Marleau extended his league lead over Sidney Crosby ( 30 ) in the race for the Rocket Richard Trophy .
He also had an assist .
Thornton had a goal and an assist for day and leapfrogs Alexander Ovechkin for second place in the NHL overall in points ( Thornton = 63 ; Ovechkin = 62 ) .
He trails only Henrik Sedin ( 64 ) .
He also extended his league lead with his 50th assist .
Thornton is now tied with Owen Nolan for second in Sharks franchise history for career points ( 451 ) .
KEEP IT GOINGDany
Heatley extended his point streak to six games with two assists ( 3- 5=8 ) .
Heatley also has assists in three straight games ( 0 - 4=4 ) .
FACEOFF DOMINANCEThe
Sharks took 35 of 50 faceoffs ( 70 % ) .
Malhotra won all 12 of his draws for a perfect night .
EDMONTON OILERS HEAD COACH PAT QUINN : “ I thought they played hard .
I mean , it ’s a good team that we played against tonight .
Early on we were n’t real good .
By the end of the game it progressed and we picked it up .
The first two goals were n’t beautiful .
It ( the first goal ) was deflected in by Dubnyk on the crease pass on a bad angle power play goal .
” “ We lost to a good team at the end .
” LINESMarleau - Thornton-HeatleyPavelski-Malhotra-SetoguchiClowe-Nichol-OrtmeyerFerriero-Mitchell -ShelleyMurray-BoyleVlasic-BlakeLeach-HuskinsGreiss-NabokovNEXT
GAMEThe Sharks will host Calgary in a 7 p.m. start on Monday and tickets can be found at the HP Pavilion Ticket Office and at www.ticketmaster.com.
The contest will be on CSN California , 98.5 KFOX and sjsharks.com .
Total Non-Seasonally adjusted insurance claims ( consisting of Initial , Continuing and EUC claims ) hit another record of 11,268,100 .
Make of this data what you will .
We are confident the objective , mainstream media will find a way to spin this favorably ( it can only go down from here ... of course , unless it does n't ) .
And a long term chart , compliments of CreditTrader
Downsizing & Discrimination : An Illegal Combination Read Our White Paper ►
Because of our record of success , employers know that they will be in for a fight when an employee uses our law firm to help resolve issues of discrimination and violations of state and federal employment laws .
We are prepared to take every case to trial to get the best results possible .
Employers know this , and they often prefer to make an appropriate offer from the start rather than fight a lengthy battle they know they might lose .
Medieval Sourcebook :
F. W. Maitland :
The Forms of Action at Common Law , 1909 Lecture I
Lecture II
Lecture II
Lecture IV
Lecture V
Lecture VI
Lecture VII
Select Writs Lecture I . I propose to begin by speaking briefly of the Forms of Action , with especial relation to those which protected the possession and ownership of land .
It may --- I am well aware of it --- be objected that procedure is not a good theme for academic discussion .
Substantive law should come first -- adjective law , procedural law , afterwards .
The former may perhaps be studied in a university , the latter must be studied in chambers .
As to obsolete procedure , a knowledge of it can be profitable to no man , least of all to a beginner .
With this opinion I cannot agree .
Some time ago I wished to say a little about seisin , which still , with all our modern improvements , is one of the central ideas of Real Property Law ; but to say that little I found impossible if I could not assume some knowledge of the forms of action .
Let us remember one of Maine 's most striking phrases , " So great is the ascendancy of the Law of Actions in the infancy of Courts of Justice , that substantive law has at first the look of being gradually secreted in the interstices of procedure . "
[ Maine , Early Law and Custom , p. 389 ] .
Assuredly this is true of our real property law , it has been secreted in the interstices of the forms of action .
The system of Forms of Action or the Writ System is the most important characteristic of English medieval law , and it was not abolished until its piecemeal destruction in the nineteenth century .
What was a form of action ?
Already owing to modern reforms it is impossible to assume that every law student must have heard or read or discovered for himself an answer to that question , but it is still one which must be answered if he is to have more than a very superficial knowledge of our law as it stands even at the present day .
The forms of actlon we have buried , but they still rule us from their graves .
Let us then for awhile place ourselves in Blackstone 's day , or , for this matters not , some seventy years later in 1830 , and let us look for a moment at English civil procedure .
Let it be granted that one man has been wronged by another ; the first thing that he or his advisers have to consider is what form of action he shall bring .
It is not enough that in some way or another he should compel his adversary to appear in court and should then state in the words that naturally occur to him the facts on which he relies and the remedy to which he thinks himself entitled .
No , English law knows a certain number of forms of action , each with its own uncouth name , a writ of right , an assize of novel disseisin or of mort d'ancestor , a writ of entry sur disseisin in the per and cui , a writ of besaiel , of quare impedit , an action of covenant , debt , detinue , replevin , trespass , assumpsit , ejectment , case .
This choice is not merely a choice between a number of queer technical terms , it is a choice between methods of procedure adapted to cases of different kinds .
Let us notice some of the many points that are implied in it .
( i ) There is the competence of the court .
For very many of the ordinary civil cases each of the three courts which have grown out of the king 's court of early days , the King 's Bench , Common Pleas and Exchequer is equally competent , though it is only by means of elaborate and curious fictions that the King 's Bench and the Exchequer can entertain these matters , and the Common Pleas still retains a monopoly of those actions which are known as real .
( ii ) A court chosen , one must make one 's adversary appear ; but what is the first step towards this end ?
In some actions one ought to begin by having him summoned , in others one can at once have him attached , he can be compelled to find gage and pledge for his appearance .
In the assize of novel disseisin it is enough to attach his bailiff .
( iii ) Suppose him contumacious , what can one do ?
Can one have his body seized ?
If he can not be found , can one have him outlawed ?
This stringent procedure has been extending itself from one form of action to another .
Again , can one have the thing in dispute seized ?
This is possible in some actions , impossible in others .
( iv ) Can one obtain a judgment by default , obtain what one wants though the adversary continues in his contumacy ?
Yes in some forms , no in others .
( v ) It comes to pleading , and here each form of action has some rules of its own .
For instance the person attacked --- the tenant he is called in some cases , the defendant in others --- wishes to oppose the attacker --- the demandant he is called in some actions , the plaintiff in others --- by a mere general denial , casting upon him the burden of proving his own case , what is he to say ?
In other words , what is the general issue appropriate to this action ?
In one form it is Nihil debet , in another Non assumpsit , in another " Not guilty " , in others , Nul tort , nul disseisin .
( vi )
There is to be a trial ; but what mode of trial ?
Very generally of course a trial by jury .
But it may be trial by a grand or petty assize , which is not quite the same thing as trial by jury ; or in Blackstone 's day it may still conceivably be a trial by battle .
Again in some forms of action the defendant may betake himself to the world - old process of compurgation or wager of law .
Again there are a few issues which are tried without a jury by the judges who hear witnesses .
( vii ) Judgment goes against the defendant , what is the appropriate form of execution ?
Can one be put into possession of the thing that has been in dispute ?
Can one imprison the defendant ?
Can one have him made an outlaw ?
or can he merely be distrained ?
( viii ) Judgment goes against the defendant .
It is not enough that he should satisfy the plaintiff 's just demand ; he must also be punished for his breach of the law --- such at all events is the theory .
What form shall this punishment take ?
Will an amercement suffice , or shall there be fine or imprisonment ?
Here also there have been differences .
( ix ) Some actions are much more dilatory than others ; the dilatory ones have gone out of use , but still they exist .
In these oldest forms --- forms invented when as yet the parties had to appear in person and could only appoint attorneys by the king 's special leave --- the action may drag on for years , for the parties enjoy a power of sending essoins , that is , excuses for non-appearance .
The medieval law of essoins is vast in bulk ; time is allowed for almost every kind of excuse for non-appearance --- a short essoin de malo veniendi , a long essoin de malo lecti .
Nowadays , all is regulated by general rules with a wide discretion left in the Court .
In the Middle Ages discretion is entirely excluded ; all is to be fixed by iron rules .
This question of essoins has been very important --- in some forms , the oldest and solemnest , a party may betake himself to his bed and remain there for year and day and meanwhile the action is suspended .
These remarks may be enough to show that the differences between the several forms of action have been of very great practical importance --- a " form of action " has implied a particular original process , a particular mesne process , a particular final process , a particular mode of pleading , of trial , of judgment .
But further to a very considerable degree the substantive law administered in a given form of action has grown up independently of the law administered in other forms .
Each procedural pigeon - hole contains its own rules of substantive law , and it is with great caution that we may argue from what is found in one to what will probably be found in another ; each has its own precedents .
It is quite possible that a litigant will find that his case will fit some two or three of these pigeon - holes .
If that be so he will have a choice , which will often be a choice between the old , cumbrous , costly , on the one hand , the modern , rapid , cheap , on the other .
Or again he may make a bad choice , fail in his action , and take such comfort as he can from the hints of the judges that another form of action might have been more successful .
The plaintiff 's choice is irrevocable ; he must play the rules of the game that he has chosen .
Lastly he may find that , plausible as his case may seem , it just will not fit any one of the receptacles provided by the courts and he may take to himself the lesson that where there is no remedy there is no wrong .
The keynote of the form of action is struck by the original writ , the writ whereby the action is begun .
From of old the rule has been that no one can bring an action in the king 's courts of common law without the king 's writ ; we find this rule in Bracton :
Non potest quis sine brevi agere [ Bract . , fo. 413 b ] .
That rule we may indeed say has not been abolished even in our own day .
The first step which a plaintiff has to take when he brings an action in the High Court of Justice is to obtain a writ .
But there has been a very great change .
The modern writ is in form a command by the king addressed to the defendant telling him no more than that within eight days he is to appear , or rather to cause an appearance to be entered for him , in an action at the suit of the plaintiff , and telling him that in default of his so doing the plaintiff may proceed in his action and obtain a judgment .
Then on the back of this writ the plaintiff , in his own or his adviser 's words , states briefly the substance of his claim :
" The plaintiff 's claim is £ 1000 for money lent " , " The plaintiff 's claim is for damages for breach of contract to employ the plaintiff as traveller " , " The plaintiff 's claim is for damages for assault and false imprisonment " , " The plaintiff 's claim is to recover a farm called Blackacre situate in the parish of Dale in the county of Kent " .
We can no longer say that English law knows a certain number of actions and no more , or that every action has a writ appropriate to itself ; the writ is always the same , the number of possible endorsements is as infinite as the number of unlawful acts and defaults which can give one man an action against another .
All this is new .
Formerly there were a certain number of writs which differed very markedly from each other .
A writ of debt was very unlike a writ of trespass , and both were very unlike a writ of mort d ' ancestor or a writ of right .
A writ of debt was addressed to the sheriff ; the sheriff is to command the defendant to pay to the plaintiff the alleged debt , or , if he will not do so , appear in court and answer why he has not done so .
A writ of trespass is addressed to the sheriff ; he is to attach the defendant to answer the plaintiff why with force and arms and against the king 's peace he broke the plaintiff 's close , or carried off his goods , or assaulted and beat him .
A writ of mort d ' ancestor bade the sheriff empanel a jury , or rather an assize , to answer a certain question formulated in the writ .
A writ of right was directed not to the sheriff but to the feudal lord and bade him do right in his court between the demandant and the tenant .
In each case the writ points to a substantially different procedure .
In the reign of Henry III Bracton had said Tot erunt formulae brevium quot sunt genera actionum [ Bract . fo. 413b .
A whole group of these forms is ascribed to Bracton 's master , W. Raleigh - - one might well have spoken of actiones Raleighanae ] .
There may be as many forms of action as there are causes of action .
This suggests , what may seem true enough to us , that in order of logic Right comes before Remedy .
There ought to be a remedy for every wrong ; if some new wrong be perpetrated then a new writ may be invented to meet it .
Just in Bracton 's day it may have been possible to argue in this way ; the king 's court and the king 's chancery --- it was in the chancery that the writs were made --- enjoyed a certain freedom which they were to lose as our parliamentary constitution became definitely established .
A little later though the chancery never loses a certain power of varying the old formulas to suit new cases and this power was recognised by statute , still it is used but very cautiously .
Court and chancery are conservative and Parliament is jealous of all that looks like an attempt to legislate without its concurrence .
The argument from Right to Remedy is reversed and Bracton 's saying is truer if we make it run
Tot erunt actiones quot sunt formulae brevium --- the forms of action are given , the causes of action must be deduced therefrom .
Of course we must not for one moment imagine that seventy years ago or in Blackstone 's day litigation was really and truly carried on in just the same manner as that in which it was carried on in the days of Edward I .
In the first place many of the forms of action had become obsolete : they were theoretically possible but were never used .
In the second place the words " really and truly " seem hardly applicable to any part of the procedure of the eighteenth century , so full was it of fictions contrived to get modern results out of medieval premises : writs were supposed to be issued which in fact never were issued , proceedings were supposed to be taken which in fact never were taken .
Still these fictions had to be maintained , otherwise the whole system would have fallen to pieces ; any one who would give a connected and rational account of the system was obliged --- as Blackstone found himself obliged --- to seek his starting point in a very remote age .
We will now briefly notice the main steps by which in the last century the forms of action were abolished .
First we must observe that there was a well - known classification of the forms : they were ( 1 ) real , ( 2 ) personal , ( 3 ) mixed .
I shall have to remark hereafter [ See below Lecture V ] that this classification had meant different things in different ages ; Bracton would have called some actions personal which Blackstone would have called real or mixed .
But at present it will be sufficient if we note Blackstone 's definitions [ Bl. Comm. III , 117 , 118 ] .
Real actions , which concern real property only , are such whereby the plaintiff , here called the demandant , claims title to have any lands , or tenements , rents , commons , or other hereditaments in fee simple , fee tail or for term of life .
Personal actions are such whereby a man claims a debt , a personal duty , or damages in lieu thereof ; and likewise , whereby a man claims a satisfaction in damages for some injury done to his person or property .
Mixed actions are suits partaking of the nature of the other two , wherein some real property is demanded , and also personal damages for a wrong sustained .
Now in 1833 the real and mixed actions were swept away at one fell swoop by the Real Property Limitation
Act of that year , 3 and 4 Will .
IV , c. 27 , sec. 36 .
That section sets out the names of 60 actions and says that none of these and no other action real or mixed --- except a writ of right of dower , a writ of dower , unde nihil habet , a quare impedit , or an ejectment --- shall be brought after 31 December 1834 .
Practically for a very long time past the action of ejectment , which in its origin was distinctly a personal action , had been made to do duty for all or almost all the actions that were now to be abolished .
The quare impedit had become the regular action for the trial of all disputes about advowsons , and , as ejectment was here inapplicable , this had to be spared .
There were special reasons for saving the two writs of dower , since the doweress could not bring ejectment until her dower had been set out .
But they were abolished in 1860 by the Common Law Procedure
Act of that year ( 23 and 24 Vic. , c. 126 , sec. 26 ) , and a new statutory action of a modern type was provided for the doweress .
By the same Act , sec. 27 , the old quare impedit was abolished and a new statutory action was put in its place .
Meanwhile in 1832 a partial assault had been made on the personal forms .
The principal personal forms were these --- Debt , Detinue , Covenant , Account , Trespass , Case , Trover , Assumpsit , Replevin .
By 2 Will .
IV , c. 39 ( 1832 ) " Uniformity of Process Act " --- the process in these personal actions was reduced to uniformity .
The old original writs were abolished and a new form of writ provided .
In this writ , however , the plaintiff had to insert a mention of one of the known forms of action .
Another heavy blow was struck in 1852 by the Common Law Procedure Act , 15 and 16 Vic. , c. 76 .
It was expressly provided ( sec. 3 ) that it should not be necessary to mention any form or cause of action in any writ of summons .
But still this blow was not heavy enough --- the several personal forms were still considered as distinct .
The final blow was struck by the Judicature Act of 1873 and the rules made thereunder , which came into force in 1875 .
This did much more than finally abolish the forms of actions known to the common law for it provided that equity and law should be administered concurrently .
Since that time we have had what might fairly be called a Code of Civil Procedure .
Of course we cannot here speak of the details of that Code ; but you will not misunderstand me if I say that the procedure which it enjoins is comparatively formless .
Of course there are rules , many rules .
We cannot say that whatever be the nature of the plaintiff 's claim the action will always take the same course and pass through the same stages .
For instance , when the plaintiff 's claim falls within one of certain classes he can adopt a procedure [ Commonly called ( from the Order which precedes this procedure ) " Going under Order XIV " ] whereby when he has sworn positively to the truth of his claim the defendant can be shut out from defending the action at all unless he first makes oath to some good defence .
So again there are cases in which either party can insist that the questions of fact , if any , shall be tried by jury ; there are other cases in which there will be no trial by jury .
Again , I must not allow you to think that a lawyer cannot do his client a great deal of harm by advising a bad or inappropriate course of procedure , though it is true that he cannot bring about a total shipwreck of a good cause so easily as he might have done some years ago .
The great change gradually brought about and consummated by the Judicature Acts is that the whole course of procedure in an action is not determined for good and all by the first step , by the original writ .
It can no longer be said , as it might have been said in 1830 that we have about 72 forms of action , or as it might have been said in 1874 that we have about 12 forms of action .
This is a different thing from saying that our English law no longer attempts to classify causes of action , on the contrary a rational , modern classification of causes of action is what we are gradually obtaining --- but the forms of action belong to the past .
Since the Judicature Acts there are , of course , differences of procedure arising out of the character of the various actions , whether for divorce , probate of a will , specific performance of a contract : such differences there must be , but they can now be regarded as mere variations of one general theme -- procedure in an action in the High Court of Justice .
It was entirely otherwise in the Middle Ages , then lawyers say very little of the procedure in an action , very much of the procedure in some action of a particular kind , e.g. an assize of mort d'ancestor or an action of trespass .
Knowledge of the procedure in the various forms of action is the core of English medieval jurisprudence .
The Year Books are largely occupied by this .
Glanvill plunges at once into the procedure in a writ of right .
Bracton , with the Institutes scheme before him , gives about 100 folios to Persons and Things and about 350 to the law of Actions .
We can now attempt to draw some meagre outline of the general history of these forms of action , remembering , however , that a full history of them would be a full history of English private law .
Now I think that our first step should be to guard ourselves against the notion that from the very beginning it was the office of the king 's own court or courts to provide a remedy for every wrong .
This is a notion which we may but too easily adopt .
In the first place it seems natural to us moderns , especially to us Englishmen , that in every decently governed country there should be some one tribunal , or some one definitely organized hierarchy of tribunals , fully competent to administer the whole law , to do right to every man in every case .
In the second place it is true that in England such a scheme of centralised justice has existed from what , having regard to other countries , we may call a very remote time ; it has existed for some five hundred years .
Ever since Edward I 's time , to name a date which is certainly not too recent , the law of England has to a very large extent been the law administered by the king 's own courts , and to be without remedy in those courts has commonly been to be without any remedy at all .
A moment 's reflection will indeed remind us that we must use some such qualifying words as " to a very large extent " when we lay down these wide propositions .
Think for one moment of the copyholder , or of his predecessor the tenant in villeinage ; he was not protected in his holding by the king 's court , still to regard him as without rights would be a perversion of history .
And then think of the ecclesiastical courts with their wide jurisdiction over matrimonial and testamentary causes ; at least until the Reformation they were not in any sense the king 's courts ; their power was regarded as a spiritual power quite independent of the temporal power of the state .
But in the third place we may be led into error by good masters .
So long as the forms of action were still in use , it was difficult to tell the truth about their history .
There they were , and it was the duty of judges and text writers to make the best of them , to treat them as though they formed a rational scheme provided all of a piece by some all - wise legislator .
It was natural that lawyers should slip into the opinion that such had really been the case , to suppose , or to speak as though they supposed , that some great king ( it matters not whether we call him Edward I or Edward the Confessor , Alfred or Arthur ) had said to his wise men " Go to now !
a well ordered state should have a central tribunal , let us then with prudent forethought analyse all possible rights and provide a remedy for every imaginable wrong . "
It was difficult to discover , difficult to tell , the truth , difficult to say that these forms of action belonged to very different ages , expressed very different and sometimes discordant theories of law , had been twisted and tortured to inappropriate uses , were the monuments of long - forgotten political struggles ; above all it was difficult to say of them that they had their origin and their explanation in a time when the king 's court was but one among many courts .
But now , when the forms of action are gone , when we are no longer under any temptation to make them more rational than they were , the truth might be discovered and be told , and one part of the truth is assuredly this that throughout the early history of the forms of action there is an element of struggle , of struggle for jurisdiction .
In order to understand them we must not presuppose a centralised system of justice , an omni-competent royal or national tribunal ; rather we must think that the forms of action , the original writs , are the means whereby justice is becoming centralised , whereby the king 's court is drawing away business from other courts [ As an example of the theory against which it is necessary to protest see Blackstone 's account of Alfred 's exploits , Comm .
IV , 411 : " To him we owe that masterpiece of judicial polity , the subdivision of England into tithings and hundreds , if not into counties ; all under the influence and administration of one supreme magistrate , the king ; in whom as in a general reservoir , all the executive authority of the law was lodged , and from whom justice was dispensed to every part of the nation by distinct , yet communicating ducts and channels ; which wise institution has been preserved for near a thousand years unchanged from Alfred 's to the present time . " ] .
Lecture II .
At the beginning of the twelfth century England was covered by an intricate network of local courts .
In the first place there were the ancient courts of the shires and the hundreds , courts older than feudalism , some of them older than the English kingdom .
Many of the hundred courts had fallen into private hands , had become the property of great men or great religious houses , and constant watchfulness was required on the king 's part to prevent the sheriffs , the presidents of the county courts , from converting their official duties into patrimonial rights .
Then again there were the feudal courts ; the principle was establishing itself that tenure implied jurisdiction , that every lord who had tenants enough to form a court might hold a court of and for his tenants .
Above all these rose the king 's own court .
It was destined to increase , while all the other courts were destined to decrease ; but we must not yet think of it as a court of first instance for all litigants ; rather it , like every other court , had its limited sphere of jurisdiction .
Happily the bounds of that sphere were never very precisely formulated ; it could grow and it grew .
The cases which indisputably fell within it we may arrange under three heads .
In the first place there were the pleas of the crown ( placita coronae ) , matters which in one way or another especially affected the king , his crown and dignity .
All infringements of the king 's own proprietary rights fell under this head , and the king was a great proprietor .
But in addition to this almost all criminal justice was gradually being claimed for the king ; such justice was a profitable source of revenue , of forfeitures , fines and amercements .
The most potent of the ideas which operated for this result was the idea of the king 's peace .
Gradually this peace --- which at one time was conceived as existing only at certain times , in certain places , and in favour of certain privileged persons , covering the king 's coronation days , the king 's highways , the king 's servants and those to whom he had granted it by his hand or his seal --- was extended to cover all times , the whole realm , all men .
Then again when Henry II introduced the new procedure against criminals by way of presentment or indictment --- placed this method of public or communal accusation by the side of the old private accusation or appeal --- he very carefully kept this new procedure in the hands of his justices and his sheriffs .
Subsequent changes diminished even the power of the sheriffs , and before the twelfth century was out all that could be called very serious criminal justice had become the king 's , to be exercised only by his justices or by a few very highly privileged lords to whom it had been expressly granted .
With the history of criminal law we have here no great concern ; only let us notice that it is in this field that the centralising process goes on most rapidly and that the idea of the king 's peace is by no means exhausted when all grave crimes are conceived as committed against the peace of our lord the king ; the same idea will in course of time bring within the cognizance of the royal court every , the slightest , wrongful application of physical force .
Secondly , even had feudal theory and feudal practice gone unchecked , the king as the ultimate lord of all lords , would have been able to claim for his own court a certain supervisory power over all lower courts .
If a man could not get justice out of his immediate lord he might go to that lord 's lord , and so in the last resort to the king .
We must not here introduce the notion of an " appeal " from court to court , for that is a modern notion .
In old times he who goes from court to court does not go there merely to get a mistake put right , to get an erroneous judgment reversed ; he goes there to lodge a complaint against his lord or the judges of his lord 's court , to accuse his lord of having made default in justice ( propter defectum justiciae ) , to accuse the judges of having pronounced a false judgment ; he challenges his judges and they may have to defend their judgment by their oaths or by their bodies .
Still the king has here an acknowledged claim to be the supreme judge over all judges , and this claim can be pressed and extended , for if it profits the king it profits the great mass of the people also .
Thirdly , even the extremest theory of feudalism would have to allow the king to do justice between his own tenants in chief ; however little more a king may be he is at the very least a feudal lord with tenants , and may hold , and ought to hold , a court of them and for them .
Had the worst come to the worst the king might have claimed these things , jurisdiction over his own immediate tenants , jurisdiction when all lower lords have made default , a few specially royal pleas known as pleas of the crown .
To this he might have been reduced by feudalism .
We ought not indeed to think that in England his justice was ever strictly pent within these limits ; the kingship established by conquest was too strong for that , still he could not exceed these limits without a struggle .
That his court should fling open its doors to all litigants , should hold itself out to be a court for all cases great and small , for all men , whosesoever men they be , is a principle that only slowly gains ground .
Despite all that was done by Henry II , despite the ebb of feudalism , we can hardly say that this principle is admitted before the coronation of Edward I .
In the middle of the thirteenth century , Bracton , a royal judge , whose work constantly displays strong anti-feudal leanings , who has no mean idea of his master 's power , who holds the theory that all justice is in the last resort the king 's , that it is merely lack of time and strength that prevents the king from hearing every cause in person , is none the less forced to make something very like an apology for the activity of the king 's court --- one class of cases must come before it for one reason , another for another , but some reason , some excuse there must be ; it cannot yet be assumed as an obvious rule that every one whose rights have been infringed can bring his case before the king 's justices .
A little must be said about the constitution and the procedure of these communal and feudal courts .
In the courts of the shire and the hundred the judgments were made by the suitors of the court , those freeholders who were bound to attend its periodic sittings .
The court was presided over by the sheriff , or if the hundred was one that had fallen into private hands , by the lord 's steward ; but the judgments were made by the suitors ; they were the judicatores of the court ; it is not improbable that in English they were called the dooms - men of the court .
So in the feudal courts , the lord 's steward presided , but the tenants who owed suit of court were the dooms - men .
It was for them to make the judgments , and it is probable that if they differed in opinion the judgment of the majority prevailed .
But this judgment was not like a modern judgment .
In modern German books dealing with ancient procedure we find the startling proposition that judgment preceded proof ; it was a judgment that one party or the other to the litigation was to prove his case .
Now when in our own day we speak of proof we think of an attempt made by each litigant to convince the judge , or the jurors , of the truth of the facts that he has alleged ; he who is successful in this competition has proved his case .
But in old times proof was not an attempt to convince the judges ; it was an appeal to the supernatural , and very commonly a unilateral act .
The common modes of proof are oaths and ordeals .
It is adjudged , for example , in an action for debt that the defendant do prove his assertion that he owes nothing by his own oath and the oaths of a certain number of compurgators , or oath - helpers .
The defendant must then solemnly swear that he owes nothing , and his oath - helpers must swear that his oath is clean and unperjured .
If they safely get through this ceremony , punctually repeating the right formula , there is an end of the case ; the plaintiff , if he is hardy enough to go on , can only do so by bringing a new charge , a criminal charge of perjury against them .
They have not come there to convince the court , they have not come there to be examined and cross - examined like modern witnesses , they have come there to bring upon themselves the wrath of God if what they say be not true .
This process is known in England as " making one 's law " : a litigant who is adjudged to prove his case in this way is said to " wage his law " ( vadiare legem ) , when he finds security that on a future day he will bring compurgators and perform this solemnity ; then when on the appointed day he comes and performs that ceremony with success , he is said to " make his law " ( facere legem ) .
An ordeal is still more obviously an appeal to the supernatural ; the judgment of God is given ; the burning iron spares the innocent , the water rejects the guilty .
Or again the court adjudges that there must be trial by battle ; the appellor charges the appellee with a crime , the appellee gives him the lie ; the demandant 's champion swears that he saw the demandant seised of the land , and is ready to prove this by his body ; the wit of man is at fault in presence of a flat contradiction ;
God will show the truth .
It is hard for us to say how this ancient procedure worked in practice , hard to tell how easy it was to get oath - helpers who would swear falsely , hard to tell how much risk there was in an ordeal .
The rational element of law must , it would seem , have asserted itself in the judgment which decided how and by whom the proof should be given ; the jurisprudence of the old courts must have been largely composed of the answers to this question ; and some parts of it are being recovered , for example we can see that even before the Norman Conquest the man who has been often accused has to go to the ordeal instead of being allowed to purge himself with oath - helpers .
But the point now to be seized is that the history of the forms of action presupposes this background of ancient courts with their unprofessional judges , their formal , supernatural modes of proof .
In its constitution and in its procedure the king 's court is ahead of the other courts .
Theoretically , from the Conquest onwards , it may be a feudal court , one in which all the king 's tenants in chief , or such at least of them as are deemed barons , are entitled and bound to sit under the presidency of the king , his high steward or his chief justiciar .
To this day the king 's highest court of all is the assembly of the lords spiritual and temporal .
But practically a small knot of trained administrators , prelates and barons , becomes the king 's court for ordinary judicial purposes .
The reforms of Henry II , the new actions invented in his reign , brought an ever - increasing mass of litigation before the royal court .
It became more and more a group of men professionally learned in the law .
Gradually , as is well known , this group breaks up into three courts , there are the three courts of common law , the King 's Bench , Common Bench , and Exchequer .
This process is not complete until Edward I 's reign ; but we may say that for a century before this the king 's court for ordinary judicial purposes has been no feudal court of tenants in chief , but a court of professional justices ; the justices of Henry III 's time are often men who have had a long education in the subordinate offices of the court and the chancery .
As to procedure , all the old formal modes of proof have been known in the king 's court .
It made use of the ordeal until that ancient process was abolished by the Lateran Council of 1215 .
Trial by battle , as we all know , was not abolished until 1819 [ 59 Geo. III , c. 46 ] , and wager of law was not abolished until 1833 [ 3 & 4 Will . IV , c. 42 , sec. 13 ] .
For a very long time before this any practical talk of these barbarisms had been very rare , and for a still longer time pent within ever - narrowing limits ; still , if we are to understand the history of the forms of action , we must be mindful of these things ; a long chapter in that history might be entitled Dodges to evade Wager of Battle , a still longer chapter , Dodges to evade Wager of Law .
We must not suppose that the unreasonableness of these archaic institutions was suddenly perceived ; the cruelties of the peine forte et dure had their origin in the sentiment that trial by jury is not a fair mode of trial save for those who have voluntarily consented to it ; the remembrance of the ordeal was dear to the people ; they would " swim a witch " long centuries after the Lateran Council ; so late as 1376 we find that wager of law is still popular with the commons of England , they pray that there may be wager of law in the Exchequer as in the other courts [ Rot. Parl. III , 337 ] .
But to a very great extent the early history of the forms of action is the history of a new procedure gradually introduced , the procedure which in course of time becomes trial by jury .
It would be needless to repeat here what has been sufficiently said elsewhere about the first germs of the jury .
The Frankish kings , perhaps assuming to themselves the rights of the Roman fiscus , had placed themselves outside the ancient formal procedure of the popular courts , had sought to preserve and enforce their royal rights by compelling the inhabitants of the district , or a representative body of such inhabitants , to swear that they would tell the truth as to the nature and extent of these rights .
Further , they gave or sold this privilege to specially favoured persons , especially to the churches which were under their patronage .
The favoured person , if possessions were attacked , need not defend them by battle , or ordeal , or any of the ancient modes of proof , but might have an inquest of neighbours sworn to tell the truth about the matter in hand .
Immediately after the Norman Conquest we find that this procedure has been introduced into England , and it is employed on a magnificent scale .
Domesday
Book is the record of the verdicts of bodies of neighbours sworn to tell the truth , and its main object is the ascertainment and preservation of the king 's rights .
Very soon after this we find the inquest or jury employed in the course of litigation ; for instance , in a suit touching the rights of the Church of Ely the Conqueror commands that those who best know how the lands lay in the days of the Confessor shall be sworn to tell the truth about them ; so a number of the good folk of Sandwich are sworn to tell the truth about a certain ship , and they testifying in favour of the Abbot of St. Augustine 's , the abbot is " re-seised " of the ship .
The right to a jury makes its appearance as a royal prerogative , a prerogative , the benefit of which the king can give or sell to those who obtain his grace .
We see traces of this origin even at a very late time ; it is an established maxim that one cannot wage one 's law against the king .
In an action for debt upon simple contract , were the plaintiff a subject , the defendant would be allowed to purge himself with oath - helpers in the ancient way , but when the king is plaintiff he must submit to trial by jury .
In the competition of courts , therefore , the king 's court has a marked advantage ; to say nothing of its power to enforce its judgments it has , for those who can purchase or otherwise obtain such a favour , a comparatively rational procedure .
As yet , indeed , trial by jury is far from being what it became in later times ; the jurors are not " judges of fact " , they are witnesses ; but they are not like the witnesses and the compurgators of the old procedure ; they are not brought in by the party to swear up to a set form of words in support of his case , they are summoned as impartial persons by a royal officer , and they swear to tell the truth , whatever the truth may be .
This is the procedure , far more rational than battle , or ordeal , or wager of law , which the king 's court has at its command when it begins to bid against the communal and feudal courts .
If for a moment we may refer to Roman law , we may say that the history of English law does not begin with the formulary system --- that is the product of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries --- at the back of the formulary system are legis actiones .
Lecture III .
This morning I shall attempt a sketch in brief outline of the order in which the different forms of action are developed .
But first I ought to say that I do not know that any such attempt has yet been made , and that , as I must be very brief , I shall be compelled perhaps to state in too dogmatic a fashion some conclusions that are disputable .
To this I must add that some things that I say this morning may seem unintelligible .
I hope to make my meaning clearer in subsequent lectures .
We must break up our history into periods .
I. 1066-1154 .
The first of these periods would end with the great reforms of Henry II .
Litigation of an ordinary kind still takes place chiefly in the communal and feudal courts ; even the king 's court may be considered as a feudal court , a court of and for the king 's tenants - in - chief , though a professional element is apparent in it since the king keeps around him a group of trained administrators .
His court is concerned chiefly with ( 1 ) the pleas of the Crown , i.e. cases in which royal rights are concerned , ( 2 ) litigation between the king 's tenants - in - chief ; for such tenants it is the proper feudal court , ( 3 ) complaints of default of justice in lower courts .
From time to time he interferes with ordinary litigation ; at the instance of a litigant he issues a writ commanding a feudal lord or a sheriff to do justice , or he sends out some of his officers to hear the case in the local courts , or again he evokes the case before his own court .
Such interferences cannot be secured for nothing ; they may be considered as luxuries , and men may be expected to pay for them ; the litigant does not exactly buy the king 's justice , but he buys the king 's aid , and the king has valuable commodities for sale ; the justice that he does is more peremptory than the justice that can be had elsewhere , and the process of empanelling a body of neighbour - witnesses , the process which in course of time will become trial by jury , is a royal monopoly .
The writs of this period , so far as we can judge from the specimens that have been preserved , were penned to meet the particular circumstances of the particular cases without any studious respect for precedent .
We do indeed come upon writs which seem as it were to foretell the fixed formulas of a later age ; we are sometimes inclined to say " This is a writ of right , that a writ of debt , that a writ of trespass " ; but we have little reason to suppose that the work of issuing writs had as yet become a matter of routine entrusted to subordinate officers whose duty was to copy from models .
Perhaps no writ went out without the approval of the king himself or the express direction of his justiciar or chancellor ; and probably every writ was a purchasable favour .
II .
1154 -89 .
The legislative activity of Henry II 's reign marks a second period .
Under Henry II the exceptional becomes normal .
He places royal justice at the disposal of anyone who can bring his case within a certain formula .
From the end of his reign we have Glanvill 's book , and we see already a considerable apparatus of writs which are at the disposal of litigants or of such litigants as will pay for them ; they have assumed distinct forms , forms which they will preserve until the nineteenth century , and probably the issue of them is fast becoming a matter of routine ; each writ is the beginning of a particular form of action .
Let us look at some of these writs .
First the Writ of Right .
There is good reason to believe that Henry , in some ordinance lost to us , laid down the broad principle that no man need answer for his freehold without royal writ .
Everyone therefore who demands freehold land must obtain a writ ; otherwise his adversary will not be bound to answer him .
This principle of vast importance is laid down clearly enough in the book ascribed to Glanvill .
On the other hand it seems to be a new principle ; we have little cause to believe that it was in force before Henry 's day or that it ever was law in Normandy ; more than once we find it connected with another rule which we also ascribe to Henry , a rule of which much must be said hereafter , namely , that no one is to be disseised of his freehold unjustly and without judgment , that every one so disseised has an action ( called an Assize of Novel Disseisin ) before the king 's own justices .
In 1207 King John sent a writ to the people of Ireland in which he coupled these two rules : " We will that none shall disseise you of your free tenements unjustly and without a judgment , and that you shall not be impleaded for your free tenements without our writ or that of our justiciar " [ Rot. Pat. 76 ; Select Pleas in Manorial Courts , I , liv ] .
We find Bracton again coupling these two principles : no one shall be disseised of his free tenement without a judgment , nor need he answer for it without the king 's command and writ [ Bract .
fo .
161 : " Nemo debet sine judicio disseisiri de libero tenemento suo , nec respondere sine praecepto domini Regis nec sine brevi . " ] .
Of these two principles the one is that of the great possessory action , the Assize of Novel Disseisin , the other is of wider import , no action for freehold can be begun without the king 's writ , or if it be so begun the person who is in possession need not answer .
But let us observe that there is a close connection between the two : both can be represented as measures for the protection of possesion , of seisin of free tenement ; such possession is to be protected against extrajudicial force ; but this is not enough , it is to be protected also against irresponsible justice ; he who is seised shall remain seised until some judgment is given against him in accordance with the king 's writ .
Henry did not ordain , could not have ordained , that all litigation respecting free tenements should take place in the king 's court ; such a measure would have been too open an abrogation of the first principle of feudalism .
It seems very possible that he was able to represent the great step that he took as no interference with proprietary rights but a mere protection of possession , while the protection of possession was intimately associated with the maintenance of the king 's peace which was now conceived as surrounding all men .
At any rate this principle took firm root in English law : no one need answer for his freehold without the king 's writ .
This does not mean that every action for freehold must be begun in the king 's court ; far from it .
Suppose that A claims land that B holds , and that it is common ground between them that the land ought to be held of C ; then undoubtedly C's court is the proper tribunal .
But B need not answer unless A obtains a writ .
The writ which A will obtain if he is asserting title to the land will be a writ addressed by the king to C in this form : " I command you that without delay you hold full right to A ( i.e. do full justice to A ) concerning a virgate of land in Middleton which he claims to hold of you by such and such a free service , and unless you do it my sheriff of Northamptonshire shall do it , that I may hear no further complaint about this matter for default of justice . "
Such a writ is called a writ of right ( breve de recto tenendo ) , and because it is an open writ and not sealed up , as some writs are , it is a writ of right patent ( breve de recto patens ) [ The Writ of Right Patent and the Praecipe quod reddat are printed among the Select Writs after these lectures ] .
If , however , the demandant claims to hold the land of the king as tenant in chief such a writ is out of place ; there is no mesne lord to whom it can be directed ; the proper tribunal is the king 's own court .
So the writ takes a different form .
It is directed to the sheriff : " Command B that justly and without delay he render to A a hide of land in Middleton , whereof A complains that B unjustly deforces him , and if he will not do it , summon him that he be before my justices at such a place and time to answer why he has not done it " ; the tenant of the land must give it up to the demandant or answer in the king 's court .
In saying that this simple writ , this Praecipe quod reddat , was only used when the demandant claimed to hold of the king as tenant in chief , we have been guilty of some inaccuracy .
Glanvill tells us that such a writ is issued when the king pleases ;
Henry II was not very careful of the interests of mesne lords and would send a Praecipe quod reddat to the sheriff when a Writ of Right addressed to the lord would have been more in harmony with feudal principles .
But this was regarded as a tyrannical abuse and was struck at by a clause of the Great Charter [ Magna Carta ( 1215 ) , c. 34 : Breve quod vocatur Praecipe non fiat alicui de aliquo tenemento unde liber homo amittere possit curiam suam ] --- the writ called Praecipe shall not be issued for the future so as to deprive any free man of his court ; a proprietary action for land must be begun in the lord 's court ; the Praecipe quod reddat is only in place when the demandant claims to hold in chief of the king , in other words when it is a Praecipe in capite .
We have therefore to distinguish between two forms of the proprietary action for land , that begun in the lord 's court by Writ of Right , that begun in the king 's court by Praecipe in capite ; but in course of time the term " Writ of Right " gains a somewhat extended sense and is used so as to include the Praecipe in capite .
This is due to the contrast between possession and property , or , to use the terms then current , between " seisin " and " right " .
The Praecipe in capite is the beginning of a proprietary action , one in which the demandant relies on right , not merely on seisin , and so it may be called a writ of right .
Now the action commenced by Writ of Right was an extremely slow and solemn affair --- so at least it was considered in after ages when it could be compared with more rapid actions .
It involved a great number of delays ( dilaciones ) , of adjournments from term to term .
Among the causes which in course of time have rendered justice more rapid we must reckon not merely good roads , organised postal service , railways , electric telegraphs , but also the principle that men can hand over their litigation and their other business to be done for them by agents , whose acts will be their acts .
Rapid justice may nowadays be fair justice , because if a litigant cannot be present in court in his own person , he may well be there by his attorney and his counsel .
But this principle that every suitor may appear in court by attorney is one that has grown up by slow degrees , and , like so many other principles which may seem to us principles of " natural justice " , it first appears as a royal prerogatlve ; the king can empower a man to appoint an attorney [ Fitz .
Nat. Brev. 25 : Bl. Comm .
III , 25 .
Blackstone adds " This is still the law in criminal cases , and an idiot cannot to this day appear by attorney , but in person , for he hath not discretion to enable him to appoint a proper substitute : and upon his being brought before the court in so defenceless a condition , the judges are bound to take care of his interests , and they shall admit the best plea in his behalf that anyone present can suggest . " ] .
But so long as litigants have to appear in person justice must often be slow if it is to be just ; the sick man cannot come , so one must wait until he is well ; one must give the crusader a chance of returning .
But one cannot wait for ever ; that would be unfair to the other party ; so a great deal of law is evolved as to the excuses for non-appearance , in technical language the essoins , that a man may proffer .
This is one of the causes which raise high the barriers between the various forms of action .
In the action begun by Writ of Right , which will finally deprive one of the parties of all claim to the land , the essoins are manifold ; a litigant can generally delay the action for a year and a day by betaking himself to his bed [ Some care was taken to see that his excuse was not too unreal .
Four knights were sent to visit him , to award whether he had malum transiens or a languor --- which was what he needed --- after consideration of whether they found him vagantem per rura or " in bed as befits a man making such excuse , unbooted , unbreeched and ungirt , or even naked which is more " ( decalceatum , et sine braccis et decinctum , vel forte nudum , quod plus est ) .
Bracton , fo. 356b. ] ; in other actions so many essoins are not admissible .
It is worthy of notice that the Praecipe for land , the Writ of Debt , and many other writs afterwards invented , are not in the first instance writs instituting litigation ; that , according to their tenor , is not their primary object .
The king through his sheriff commands a man to do something , bids him give up the land that he wrongfully withholds , or pay the debt that he owes .
Only in case of neglecting to obey this command is there to be any litigation .
May we not say then that the " cause of action " in the king 's court is in theory not the mere wrong done to the plaintiff or demandant by keeping him out of his land or neglecting to pay money due to him , but this wrong coupled with disobedience to the king 's command ?
There can I think be little doubt that such a conception was operative in the growth of royal jurisdiction .
If we look back at the Leges Henrici we find that among the rights which the king has over all men , among the pleas of the crown , stands the placitum brevium vel praeceptorum ejus contemptorum , any action we may say founded on a contempt of his writs or commands [ Leg. Hen. Prim. c. 10 ] .
The wrong done to the plaintiff or demandant is a breach of law and a wrong which should be redressed somewhere ; but it is the contempt of the king 's writ which makes it a wrong which should be redressed in the king 's court ; in the language of the old English laws there has been an " overseeness " or " overhearness " of the king which must be emended ; the deforciant of land or of a debt has not merely to give up the land or pay the debt , he is at the mercy of our lord the king and is amerced accordingly .
The mode of trial appropriate to the Writ of Right has been trial by battle .
We may reckon as the second of Henry 's reforms in civil procedure that he gave to the tenant the option of another mode of trial ; instead of the judicial combat he might put himself upon the grand assize of our lord the king .
The text of this ordinance , this grand assize ( magna assisa ) we have not got .
Glanvill 's account of it is well known ---" The grand assize is a royal boon conceded to the people by the clemency of the prince on the advice of his nobles whereby wholesome provision is made for the lives of men and the integrity of the state , so that in defending the right which every one possesses in his free tenement they may refuse the doubtful issue of battle . . .
This institution proceeds frorn the highest equity ; for the right which after many and long delays can hardly be said to be proved by battle is more rapidly and more fitly demonstrated by this beneficent ordinance " [ Glanv .
II , 7 ; Stubbs , Const . Hist. I , 615 ] .
If the tenant ( that is , the party attacked by the Writ of Right ) claims the benefit of this ordinance , puts himself on the grand assize of our lord the king , the action is removed out of the lord 's court and is brought before the king 's justices ; four knights of the neighbourhood are summoned to choose twelve other knights who are sworn to say , to " recognise " ( recognoscere ) , whether the demandant or the tenant has the greater right to the land .
The name " grand assize " is transferred from the ordinance to the institution that it creates ; these twelve recognitors are " a grand assize " .
It is best not to call them a " jury " , for though we see here one stage , and a very important stage , in the growth of trial by jury , still in many respects trial by the grand assize to the last day of its existence --- and such a trial was possible in 1834 [ 3 and 4 Will .
IV , c. 27 , sec. 36 . ]--- remained a distinct thing from trial by jury .
We observe for instance that the recognitors were sworn to tell the truth not about mere facts --- the separation of questions of fact from questions of law belongs to a later day --- but to tell the truth about rights , to say whether A or B has the greater right ( jus majus ) .
We may notice also that here again the king is interfering in favour of possession ; it is not either party that can claim this royal boon , it is only the tenant , the man in possession ; no such grace is shown to demandants , they can be compelled to stake their claims on the issue of a combat .
Now the possessory assizes :
In sharp contrast to the action begun by Writ of Right there now stand three possessory actions , the three Assizes of Novel Disseisin , Mort d'Ancestor , and Darrein Presentment .
There can , I suppose , be but little doubt that the notion of a definitely possessory action may be traced to the Roman interdicts , through that actio spolii which the canonists were gradually developing .
But the English and Norman assizes --- for we find these actions in Normandy as well as in England , and there is some reason for thinking that they are a little older in Normandy than in England --- have many features which are distinctly not Roman and not Canonical .
Roman law and Canon law may have afforded suggestions but hardly models .
We will look at these three assizes .
( a ) The principle of the Novel Disseisin is this , that if one person has unjustly and without a judgment disseised another of his free tenement , and the latter , the disseisee , at once complains of this to the king he shall be put back into seisin by the judgment of the king 's court .
The procedure is this , the plaintiff lodges his complaint , at once a writ is issued bidding the sheriff summon twelve good and lawful men of the neighbourhood to " recognise " ( recognoscere ) before the king 's justices whether B unjustly and without a judgment disseised A of his free tenement within the time limited for the bringing of an assize .
If this body of recognitors , this assize --- for the procedure is called an assize and the twelve neighbours are called an assize --- answers " yes " to the question thus formulated in the writ , then the plaintiff , the disseisee , will be put back into seisin .
The formula of the Novel Disseisin contains terms which in course of time will give birth to a great deal of law ; the successful plaintiff must have been disseised of his free tenement unjustly ; but what is seisin , what is a free tenement , when is a man disseised unjustly ?
Postponing any discussion of these terms we can still notice that the action has a narrow definite scope .
It can be brought only by a disseisee against a disseisor .
It cannot , for example , be brought by the heir of the disseisee , or against the heir of the disseisor .
Again , disseisin implies more than a wrongful assumption of possession , it implies a turning of some one out of possession ; to enter on land of which no one is seised is no disseisin ; if , for example , on the death of a rightful tenant a stranger enters before the heir enters , that stranger is no disseisor .
This Assize of Novel Disseisin is no remedy for the recovery of land to which one is entitled ; to speak roughly it is an action competent to a person who has been turned out of possession , and competent against the person who turned him out .
It decides nothing as to proprietary right .
In a Writ of Right the demandant claims the land as his right and inheritance ( ut jus et hereditatem suam ) ; he has to allege that he or some ancestor of his was seised as of right ( ut de jure ) ; no such allegation is made by the plaintiff in the Novel Disseisin ; it is enough that he has been seised and disseised , and of right there is no talk .
Consequently this action , if the plaintiff be successful , in no way decides that the plaintiff has better right than the disseisor ; the plaintiffis put back into seisin , but after all the disseisor may be the true owner ; he may at once bring a Writ of Right against his hitherto successful adversary ; the court will help him to his own though it has punished him for helping himself .
Then again this action must be brought within a limited term ; the complaint must be one of recent dispossession ( de nova disseisina ) .
In England this term was fixed from time to time by royal ordinance .
When Glanvill wrote the action had to be brought since the king 's last passage to Normandy , an event which must have been quite recent .
In Normandy we find a rule which has a curiously archaic sound ; the plaintiff must have been seised when the last harvest was reaped .
The principle of the Novel Disseisin if it has one root in the Interdicts seems to have another in the ancient notion , very prominent in Norman law , that the man engaged in agricultural operations enjoys a special peace .
Then again the Novel Disseisin was a very summary action , ut per summariam cognitionem absque magna juris solemnitate quasi per compendium negotium terminetur [ Bract . fo. 164b ] says Bracton .
In course of time these assizes became very bywords for dilatoriness ; but I see no reason to doubt that in the twelfth century their procedure was quite as rapid as was compatible with the elementary rules of justice [ See : Glanv. XIII , 38 ] .
No essoin was permitted ; no pleading was necessary ; the question for the recognitors was formulated in the writ which summoned them ; there could be no voucher to warranty of any one not named in the writ ; the first process against the defendant was not a mere summons but an attachment ; it was even enough to attach his bailiff .
When Bracton tells us that the invention of this action had cost pains , that it was multis vigiliis excogitata et inventa [ Bract . fo. 164b ] , we can believe him ; a splendid success awaited it .
( b) The principle of the Assize of Mort d'Ancestor ( assisa de morte antecessoris ) is this , that when a person has died seised as of fee --- ut de feodo --- his heir ought to be seised , and that if any other person obtains seisin before the heir , that person shall be turned out by the judgment of the court in favour of the heir .
The procedure is somewhat like that of the Novel Disseisin , though not so summary .
The questions for the recognitors are formulated in the original writ and are these , " Whether M , the father , mother , brother , sister , uncle or aunt of A , the plaintiff , was seised in his demesne as a fee of the land in question now held by X , whether M died within the time limited for bringing the action , and whether A is M's next heir . "
If all these questions are answered in the plaintiff 's favour then he is put in seisin .
The action is regarded as distinctly possessory in this sense that it decides nothing about proprietary right .
It is necessary that the plaintiff 's ancestor should have been seised , that he should have been seised " as of fee " , that is to say , that he should not have been seised as a mere tenant for life or the like , that he should have been seised " in demesne " , that is that he should , in our modern terms , have been seised of the land itself and not merely of a seignory over lands held of him by another ; but it is by no means necessary that he should have been seised as of right ; of right there is no talk at all .
It follows A may recover from X in a Mort d'Ancestor , while X having better right than A will recover from him in a proprietary action , in a Writ of Right .
Seisin , we may observe , is not conceived as a descendible right .
The heir of one who died seised is not at once in seisin ; he must enter on the land before he will be seised .
If during the interval a stranger enters , that stranger will be no disseisor .
Had seisin been considered as a descendible right there would have been no place for the Mort d'Ancestor , for its sphere would have been covered by the Novel Disseisin .
On the other hand seisin ( unless the person seised claims but a temporary estate as tenant for life or the like ) does found or generate a descendible right --- a person who dies seised ought to be succeeded by his heir and by no other , and if any other person obtains seisin , he shall be put out of it ; if he thinks that he has better right than the heir because better right than the ancestor , let him bring his action ; help himself he shall not .
In course of time ( but this as I think belongs to a later period ) it is even said that on the death of one who dies seised as of fee , his heir is at once " seised in law " though he is not " seised in deed " until he enters ; this means that during the interval he has some , though by no means all , of the advantages of seisin .
The older notion seems to be that though seisin is not descendible it does beget a descendible right , and at any rate the Mort d'Ancestor gives us this important principle that the heir of one who dies seised ought to be put in seisin and remain seised until some one else proves a better right in due course of law .
But we have mis-stated the rule implied in this assize in a point worth mentioning .
In order that the plaintiff may be successful , it is essential not merely that he should be the heir of the dead person , but that he should be the son , daughter , brother , sister , nephew , niece of that person .
The Mort d'Ancestor lies only on the death of a father , mother , brother , sister , uncle or aunt .
The dead man 's heir happens to be his grandson ; that grandson cannot bring an assize .
Why so ?
We must , as I think , answer that the limitation is quite unprincipled ; that legislators deal with obvious cases and leave rarer cases unprovided for , either because they are forgotten or because they are troublesome .
The remark is worth making for there are many things in the history of our law , and , I should suppose , in the history of every body of law , which can only be explained by that vis inertiae which makes against legal reforms .
And let us observe what happens .
The formula of the Mort d'Ancestor is never enlarged ; but new actions are invented to meet the omitted cases .
This happened it would seem under Henry III in or about 1237 .
The actions known as actions of Aiel , Besaiel and Cosinage ; if the dead man was the grandfather ( aiel ) , or great - grandfather ( besaiel ) , or cousin of the heir , that heir was to have an action which would do for him what the Mort d'Ancestor would have done had the degree of kinship between them been closer .
But there was difficulty about giving these actions ; the feudal lords resisted the endeavour on the ground that business which properly belonged to their courts was thus attracted to the king 's court .
Bracton has to argue that the new actions are purely possessory , that they are mere necessary supplements of the Assize of Mort d'Ancestor and that they do no wrong to the lords [ Bracton 's Note Book , pl. 1215 ; Bract . fo. 281 ] .
The story is instructive ; it illustrates what I may call the irrational element in the history of the forms of action , the element of chance in legal history .
The result is that a mere accident of no juristic value , the mere accident that the degree of kinship between heir and ancestor is near or remote , decides whether the heir shall have a twelfth century remedy by Assize of Mort d'Ancestor or a thirteenth century remedy by a Writ of Cosinage ; the procedure in tnese two actions is substantially different , the one is more archaic than the other and yet the same principle of law covers them both .
( c ) The third of the possessory Assizes is that of Darrein Presentment or last presentation ( de ultima presentatione ) .
It deals with a matter which was of great value in the middle ages and which gave rise to an enormous amount of litigation , the advowsons of churches .
If a man claimed property in an advowson his remedy was by a Writ of Right closely resembling the Praecipe in capite for lands .
The king had asserted successfully both as against the feudal lords and as against the ecclesiastical tribunals that all litigation about the right to present to churches must take place in his court .
The Writ of Right of Advowson was the proprietary remedy ; but here also a possessory action was needed and was instituted .
The procedure closely resembled that of the two other possessory assizes though it was not quite so summary as that of the Novel Disseisin .
Its principle was this : if a church is vacant the person who last presented or his heir is entitled to present ; if any other person conceives that he has better right , he must bring his action and recover the advowson , but until he has done this it is for the person who last presented , or his heir , to present again .
The question addressed to the recognitors is this --- Who was the patron who in time of peace presented the last parson to this church ?
The act of successfully presenting a parson to a church was regarded as a seisin , a possession of the advowson ; the man who has performed that act is seised of the advowson and when the church again falls vacant , it is for him or , if he be dead , his heir to present another parson , provided that in the meantime he has not been deprived of his seisin by judgment .
The need of some rapid procedure to meet cases in which two persons claimed the right to present to the same church was great ; while an action by Writ of Right of Advowson was dragging on its wearisome length , the parishioners would be left as sheep without a shepherd or the bishop would step in and deprive both litigants of the coveted piece of patronage ; therefore let him who has presented once present again until some one has proved a better right in due course of law .
( d) A fourth Assize must here be mentioned , the Assize Utrum or Writ Juris Utrum .
It reminds us that in the twelfth century royal justice had to contend not only with feudal justice , but also with ecclesiastical justice .
If land has been dedicated to ecclesiastical purposes , has been given in free alms , in frankalmoign ( libera elemosyna ) the church claims cognisance of all disputes relating to that land .
The question is what to do when one party to the litigation asserts that the land is held in free alms , and so within the sphere of the ecclesiastical tribunals , while the other asserts that it is lay fee .
This difficulty gave occasion for one of the very earliest applications of what in a loose sense we may call trial by jury .
One of the Constitutions of Clarendon ( 1164 ) [ Cap. 9 ] is to this effect : " If a dispute arises between a clerk and a layman , or a layman and a clerk about any tenement which the clerk asserts to belong to free alms , the layman to lay fee , it shall be decided on a recognition of twelve lawful men by the judgment of the king 's chief justiciar , whether ( utrum ) the tenement belongs to free alms or to lay fee .
And if it be > recognised ' to belong to free alms , the plea shall proceed in the ecclesiastical court , but if it be lay fee then the plea shall proceed in the king 's court , unless both parties claim to hold of the same bishop or baron , in which case it shall proceed in the ( feudal ) court of that bishop or baron .
And the person who is in seisin shall not lose his seisin on account of that > recognition ' until the plea be tried out . "
We see here a preliminary procedure ; it is to settle nothing about right , nothing even about seisin , it is merely to settle the competence of tribunals , to decide whether the action shall proceed before a spiritual or a temporal tribunal .
But it had a very peculiar history .
Subsequent changes in the relation between church and state , changes which in this instance extended the sphere of the lay courts at the expense of that of the Courts Christian , gave this assize a new turn .
Still keeping its old form of an assize it became a proprietary remedy in the king 's court for a parson who wished to recover the lands of his church ; it became " the parson 's writ of right " .
We have constantly to remember this , that an action instituted for one purpose in one age comes to be used for another purpose in another age [ Très Ancien Coutumier , c. 57 ; Const .
Clarend . c. 9 ; Glanv.
XIII , 23 ; Bract . fo. 285 b ; Fitz . Nat. Brev. 49 ; Bl. Comm .
III , 252 ; Brunner , Schwurgerichte , p. 324 ] .
These were all the actions which in England permanently took the name and form of assizes .
By saying that they took the form of assizes I mean that the original writ directed the summoning of a body of recognitors to give sworn answer to a particular question formulated in that writ .
In Normandy there were some other assizes , and these may for a short while have been used in England ; but the germ of trial by jury having once been introduced in these formal assizes , it began to spread outside their limits , to take a new shape and become susceptible of free development .
We learn from Glanvill that certain incidental questions may be raised in an action which will be decided by the oath of twelve men .
For example , A brings an Assize of Mort d'Ancestor against B , who is an infant ; now it is a rule of law that an infant during his infancy need never answer for land of which his ancestor died seised as of fee ; if the infant has come to the land as heir of one who died seised as of fee , then the action against him must stand over until he is of full age .
Now in this case the infant asserts that his ancestor died seised as of fee , and that therefore he need not answer ; the demandant asserts that the infant 's ancestor was not seised in fee , he was seised merely as guardian in chivalry .
To settle this question a body of twelve men can be summoned .
The question that they are to be asked is not the question formulated by the original writ , which concerns the alleged seisin of A's ancestor ; it is quite another question relating to the alleged seisin of B's ancestor , and Glanvill is inclined to regard it as a " prejudicial " question , that is to say an affirmative answer will not prove that A is entitled to recover , it will merely prove that B , albeit an infant , must answer A [ Glanv. XIII , 14 , 15 ] .
So again , to put another case , C may bring against D an action for land , claiming that he , C , mortgaged , or rather we must say " gaged " , the land to D for a sum of money which C now offers to pay ; D , however , alleges that the land is his own , that he is seised in fee and not in gage ; to decide this issue a body of recognitors is usually summoned , and if it declares that D holds in gage then D loses the land and loses the debt also , for he has chosen a particular mode of defence to the action , and has failed in it [ Glanv. XIII , 26 - 31 ] .
Glanvill seems half inclined to treat the questions that can thus be raised by pleading and answered by jury , as numerable and nameable ; there is the recognition utrum quis sit infra aetatem an non , the recognition utrum de feodo vel de warda , the recognition utrum de feodo vel de vadio ; he even casually speaks of the body of recognitors thus called in to answer a question raised by pleading as an assisa [ Glanv. XIII , 1 , 2 , 13 , 31 ] .
Our law we see might conceivably have taken this shape , that only certain particular issues , of which a list might be made are to be decided by the new mode of trial , that in all other cases proof must be given in the old ways , by formal testimony , by compurgation , ordeal , battle .
But really the questions which litigants can raise , which might well be decided by the oath of their neighbours , are innumerable .
It becomes more and more a recognised principle that a defendant need not confine himself to a bare denial of the charge brought against him , that he may allege facts that disprove this charge , that if these facts be denied , the best way of deciding the dispute is to call in a set of twelve neighbours who will be likely to know and sworn to tell the truth .
Such a body called in , not by the original writ , but in the course of the action , to determine a question of fact raised by the pleadings , gets the name of a jury ( jurata ) as contrasted with an assize ( assisa ) ; the assisa is summoned by the " original " writ issued out of the chancery before there has been any pleading ; the jurata is summoned by a " judicial " writ issuing out of the court before which the action is proceeding , and it comes to answer a question raised by the pleadings .
Any considerable development of this principle , however , lies in the future ; in Glanvill 's book we see no more than this , that the practice of referring a disputed question to a body of " recognitors " is beginning to extend itself outside the limits of the assizes .
We have now enumerated those actions begun by royal writ which were common in Glanvill 's day .
When from some seven years later ( 1194 ) we get the oldest roll of the king 's court that has been preserved , we see that by far the greatest part --- quite nine - tenths --- of the litigation there recorded falls under the heads that we have already mentioned ; Writs of Right , Assizes of Novel Disseisin , Mort d'Ancestor , and Darrein Presentment , these are common ; other civil actions are rare .
Still Glanvill knew some other civil actions .
By attending to these for a while we may be able the better to understand the manner in which the king 's justice grows , and the obstacles that impede its growth .
Claims for dower are not uncommon .
According to the general principle which is now part of the law , the widow who wishes to bring an action for her dower must obtain a writ from the chancery ; but according to the feudal principle the action should be begun in the court of him of whom the widow will hold her dower , that is to say , the court of her husband 's heir , in the common case the court of her own son .
We therefore find a Writ of Right of Dower , whereby the king commands the heir to hold full right to the widow concerning the hide of land which she claims to hold of him as her reasonable dower [ Glanv . VI , 5 ] .
If the heir 's court makes default then the action may be removed , like any other Writ of Right , to the county court , and thence it may be removed to the king 's court .
The appropriate mode of trial , if the widow 's right be contested , is battle .
But then we find this rule , which goes far to interfere with the feudal principle :
If the woman has already got some part of her dower , then , as already said , her action must be begun in the feudal court , the heir 's court ; but if she has as yet got no part of her dower , then she must begin her action in the king 's court .
In order to do this she can obtain a Writ of Dower , unde nihil habet , which bids the sheriff to command the holder of the land to deliver to the widow her reasonable dower , " whereof she complains that she has nothing " ( unde nihil habet ut dicit ) , and in default of his so doing the sheriff is to summon him to the king 's court , that he may state why he hath not done it [ Glanv . VI , 15 ] .
Glanvill gives no explanation of this curious rule ; but Bracton does , and the explanation is quite as curious as the rule .
As the widow has not as yet got any part of her dower it is still possible that the holder of the land may deny the fact of the marriage .
Now the fact of the marriage can only be proved by the bishop 's certificate , marriage being a matter for the law ecclesiastic , and the only person who can compel the bishop to certify whether the woman was married or no is the king ; to the mandate of the mere lord of a feudal court he would pay no heed .
It follows that if there is any chance of a denial of the marriage the widow must go to the king 's court [ Bract . fo. 106 , 296b ] .
Such is the pretext for the Writ of Dower unde nihil habet .
Blackstone , looking at the matter from a modern point of view , turns the story topsy - turvy ( Comm . III , 182 , 183 ) .
It is an ingenious if rather flimsy excuse for allowing widows to sue in the king 's court : Blackstone could hardly conceive that any such excuse could ever have been necessary .
We have thus two forms of action concerning dower , and there is yet a third , namely the writ of Admeasurement of Dower , which lies when the widow has got more than she ought to have ; this directs the sheriff to admeasure the land and allot to each party what is right [ Glanv .
VI , 18 ; Bract . fo. 314 ] .
We turn to a matter of importance in social and economic history .
There is a writ for the recovery of a serf , a " nativus " .
This writ , de nativo habendo , is directed to the sheriff , and bids him deliver to the claimant his fugitive bondman X , unless he has taken refuge on the royal demesne [ Glanv. XII , 11 ] .
If , however , the person thus claimed asserts that he is free , and gives the sheriff security for the proof of his assertion , then the sheriff 's power ceases , and the would - be free man obtains a writ de libertate probanda , which bids the sheriff put the case before the king 's justices and summon the would - be lord to set forth his claim [ Glanv. , V , 2 ] .
Why cannot this matter be tried in the county court ?
Glanvill gives no reason ; Bracton says " I can assign no reason unless it be in favour of liberty , which is a thing inestimable and not lightly to be trusted to the judgment of those who have but little skill " [ Bract . fo. 105 b ] .
Whether then we prefer to suppose that we have here some relic of ancient times , of the time before feudalism , or to believe that Henry , who interfered in favour of the seisin of freehold , interfered also in favour of personal freedom , we have here a notable fact , the man who is claimed as a serf may go to the king 's court and prove his liberty there .
As regards those claims which in after days give rise to the personal actions , those actions which , as we say , are founded on contract or founded on tort , Glanvill has but little to tell us ; they are seldom prosecuted in the king 's court .
But the action of Debt is known there .
As against the ecclesiastical courts the king has successfully asserted that actions for debt or for the detection of chattels , if they in no way concern marriage or testament and are brought against laymen , belong to the temporal not to the spiritual tribunals , and an action of Debt is occasionally brought in the king 's own court [ Glanv. , X , 1 . Observe the words si placitum illud ad curiam Regis trahere possit " ] .
The writ of Debt given by Glanvill [ Glanv . X , 3 ] is of great interest for it seems to imply a very archaic conception .
It is almost an exact copy of the Praecipe in capite , a certain sum of money being substituted for a certain piece of land .
" The king greets the sheriff .
Command X that justly and without delay he render to A one hundred marks which he owes him , so he says , and of which he ( A ) complains that he ( X ) deforces him ; and if he will not do so summon him by good summoners to be before me or my justices on such a day to show why he has not done it . "
The non-payment of a debt seems regarded as a " deforcement " , an unjust and forcible detention of money that belongs to the creditor .
We are tempted to say that Debt is a " real " action , that the vast gulf which to our minds divides the " Give me what I own " and " Give me what I am owed " has not yet become apparent [ That there is a close connexion between the verbs owe and own is certain .
Dr. Skeat gives : " Owe , to possess ; hence to possess another 's property , to be in debt , be obliged . " ] .
In this action of debt the old modes of proof still prevail ; there may even be trial by battle as there may be in a Writ of Right and there is no mention of any jury , of anything comparable to the grand assize [ Glanv . X , 5 ] .
In connexion with debts Glanvill speaks of mortgages of lands and of goods , or rather we must say of gages , for the term mortgage has at this time a very special sense .
These gages occasionally give rise to actions in the royal court .
Thcre is already a writ for the gage creditor calling on the debtor to pay ; there is another for the debtor calling on the gage creditor to receive his debt and give up the gaged land [ Glanv. , X , 7 , 9 ] .
This latter writ is of interest , because it is the ancestor of a large family of writs .
The commonest mode then in use of making land a security for the payment of money was to demise it to the creditor for a fixed term of years .
The writ now in question is brought by the debtor who has made such a demise for a term that has expired , and who is now desirous of paying the debt and getting back the land : " The king to the sheriff greeting .
Command X that justly and without delay he render to A all the land in such a vill which he gaged to him for a sum of 100 marks for a term now past , as he says ( quam ei invadiavit pro centum marcis ad terminum qui praeteriit ut dicit ) , and to receive his money , and if he will not do this summon him before our justices to show why he hath not done it . "
Here we see is a Praecipe for land , but not a simple Praecipe ; it is a Praecipe with a special reason assigned ;
A is not simply claiming the land as his own , he is claiming it as having been demised to X for a term that has expired ; the writ assigns a reason why X should no longer hold the land ; he has come to it by a title which no longer holds good .
Now such writs for land , Praecipes with a reason assigned why the tenant 's title is invalid , are going to play a great part in future history .
The change of a few words would turn the writ now before us into one of the commonest of the " Writs of Entry " , the Writ of Entry ad terminum qui praeteriit .
Here is the first germ of a great institution .
We learn also that in this action , if the tenant affirms that he holds the land in fee , either party can have a " recognition " to decide the question utrum ut feodum suum vel vadium suum .
This is an important step ; the action is not " an assize " ; the original writ says nothing about recognition , nothing about the mode of trial , but either party can , if he pleases , have twelve neighbours called in to answer the question " fee or gage " .
If neither cares for this new - fangled procedure then the case is treated as though it were one of Writ of Right , and there may be battle or grand assize to decide , not this narrow question , but the wider question whether A or X hath the greater right to this land [ Glanv . X , 9 ] .
We seem to catch the thought that when there has been some recent gage of the land easily provable by the testimony of the neighbours , it is hard on A that X should be allowed to raise the whole question of greater right , and force A to stake all on the issue of a battle .
But still in this region of debt and gage , battle reigns as a normal mode of proof .
Suppose that the creditor has a charter , a deed as we should say , if the debtor acknowledges the seal as his , well and good , he must pay even if he never put the seal there , for he ought to have taken better care of his seal ; but if he denies that the impression on the wax is that of his seal , then there may be battle , though he may be debarred from this by a collation of the disputed document with other charters which admittedly bear his seal [ Glanv . X , 12 ] .
In another case relating to the loan of chattels Glanvill leaves us an unanswered query as to the mode of proof that is applicable , and makes no suggestion that the question should go to a jury [ Glanv . X , 13 ] .
Lecture IV .
III .
1189 -1272 .
This , our third period , extending from the death of Henry II to the accession of Edward I , is a period of rapid growth , as we learn from Bracton 's treatise .
New writs are freely invented , though towards the end of Henry III 's reign this gives rise to murmurs and the barons seek to obtain a control over the king 's writ - making power .
There is now a large store of original writs which are writs of course ( brevia de cursu ) , that is to say , they may be obtained from the subordinate officers of the royal chancery on payment of fees , the amount of which is becoming fixed .
A Register of these writs of course has been formed and is kept in the chancery .
The earliest Register known to me is one of 1227 .
In the Cambridge University Library we have two other Registers of Henry III 's reign ; Registers of Edward I 's reign are common in MS .
The size of the Register is rapidly increasing .
Litigation about land is still chiefly conducted by the proprietary action begun by writ of right , and the two possessory actions of Novel Disseisin and Mort d'Ancestor .
When the tenement in question is held in chief of the Crown , instead of a writ of right there is a Praecipe in capite --- but the lords have succeeded in getting a provision inserted in Magna Carta to the effect that such a writ as this , which at once summons the tenant before the king 's court , shall not be used if the tenement is held of a mesne lord who has a court --- in that case the action must be by writ of right ( breve de recto tenendo ) commanding the lord to do justice .
But this victory of feudalism is illusive .
Between the proprietary action and the possessory assizes there is growing up a large and popular group of brevia de ingressu--- " Writs of Entry " .
The characteristic of a writ of entry is that it orders the tenant to give up the land or answer the demandant 's claim in the king 's court --- thus far following the form of the Praecipe in capite , but goes on to add that there is some specified and recent flaw in the tenant 's title --- he only had entry into the land , e.g. by the feoffment of a husband who was alienating his wife 's inheritance , or by the feoffment of an infant , or by the feoffment of an abbot without consent of the monks , or by the feoffment of one who had disseised the demandant .
This flaw , this recent flaw , in the tenant 's title is suggested in order to take the case outside the rule that litigation about proprietary rights in land should be begun in the lord 's court .
The flaw must be recent .
If the land has changed hands several times since the unlawful entry then no writ of entry is applicable and there must be a writ of right .
The various writs of entry therefore are very numerous --- there is one applicable to almost every conceivable case in which a tenant has come to the land by some title in which a recent flaw can be pointed out --- we hear , for example , of a form of action as a writ of entry sur disseisin in the per , a writ of entry sur disseisin in the per and cui [ For the form of these writs of entry see the Select Writs , below ] .
In 1267 the Statute of Marlborough , which in many ways marks the end of feudalism , in effect abolished the restrictions on the formation of writs of entry -- but it only did this by adding to their number .
If since the unlawful entry the land had passed through several hands a writ of entry in the post might be used --- the demandant might allege that the tenant only had entry post ( after ) a disseisin committed by someone without showing how the land had passed from the disseisor to the tenant .
The words of the Statute ( cap. 29 ) were as follows : Provisum est eciam , quod si alienaciones illae , de quibus breve de ingressu dari consuevit , per tot gradus fiant , quod breve illud in forma prius usitata haberi non possit , habeat conquerens breve de recuperanda seisina , sine mentiona graduum , ad cujuscunque manus per hujusmodi alienaciones res illa devenerit , per brevia originalia per consilium domini Regis providenda .
" It is provided also , That if those alienations ( whereupon a writ of entry was wont to be granted ) hap to be made in so many degrees that by reason thereof the same writ cannot be made in the form beforetime used , the plaintiffs shall have a writ to recover their seisin , without making mention of the degrees , into whose hands soever the same thing shall happen to come by such alienations , and that by an original writ to be provided therefor by the council of our lord the King [ This is the translation given in the Statutes at Large ] .
We are accustomed to regard the English real actions as a hopeless tangle --- this is the result of the writs of entry .
If we place ourselves at the death of Henry II the situation is really very simple .
Let us review the position .
If a proprietary action is to be brought for land it must be begun by Praecipe quod reddat ( after Magna Carta , 1215 , this is only permissible where the demandant claims to hold in chief of Dominus Rex ) or by Breve de recto tenendo .
In either case thc demandant will have to allege that the land is jus et haereditatem suam --- will have , i.e. to rely upon proprietary right .
He will have a proprietary , petitory , droiturel action , in the language of the Roman Law a vindicatio rei .
Besides this there are two possessory actions , each of narrow scope and analogous to the possessory interdicts : ( 1 ) The Novel Disseisin , which is the English counterpart of the Roman Interdict Unde Vi and is probably derived from that source immediately through the actio spolii of the Canon Law .
It has a narrow limit ; A complains that X has disseised him --- that this very X has ousted this very A from seisin .
If that be so then , without any discussion of " right " , A ought to be put back into seisin --- salvo jure cujuslibet .
( 2 ) The Mort d'Ancestor : B has died seised as of fee --- not necessarily " as of right " --- he had , or behaved as having , heritable rights , A is his next heir , but , before A could enter , X entered .
If this be so , X is to be turned out of seisin and A placed in seisin of that land .
As I understand there was a good Roman analogy for this too , the haereditatis petitio possessoria , but it is doubtful whether this was known to the lawyers of Henry II .
These possessory assizes are marked off from the proprietary action , first by a summary royal procedure , in which essoins are reduced to a minimum , and secondly by their short periods of limitation .
Then come the writs of entry invented in the tirne of Richard , John , and Henry III .
A writ of entry is , as we have seen , a writ of praecipe suggesting a recent flaw of a particular kind in the tenant 's title .
Their object seems to have been to evade feudal jurisdiction , probably on the theory that they are in a certain sense possessory and therefore do not fall to the lords .
The demandant relies on a recent seisin , hence these writs are confined within " the degrees " , that is to say they are competent only if the tenant is first , second or third faulty possessor [ Here Professor Maitland has in mind the writs of entry sur disseisin or on intrusion ; in other instances , " the degrees " stretched only to the second faulty possessor , e.g. where the tenant C is alleged to have entered per B cui A the husband ( cui invita ) or the idiot ( dum con compos ) or the doweress or life tenant ( ad communem legem etc . ) .
In these cases A can not be said to be a faulty possessor , in that of the idiot or infant he may even be thc demandant himself --- it would perhaps be more accurate in the text to say " if the tenant is first , second or third from the creator of the flaw in the title " . ] .
Even this limit is removed by the Statute of Marlborough after which a writ of entry can be used if it can be said that the tenant came to the land after some faulty or wrongful entry .
It is these writs which make the history of our forms of action so very complex and unintelligible .
Are they proprietary , are they possessory ?
The answer seems to be that in their working they are proprietary , in their origin possessory or quasi - possessory , since the justification for litigation in the king 's court lies in the notion that the demandant has recent seisin on his side .
The result of this , as to substantive law , is that we seem to get a tertium quid between property and possession , between jus and seisina .
To this I shall recur .
In what I have just said I have been compelled to contradict Blackstone .
He treats the writs of entry as older than the assizes .
" In the times of our Saxon ancestors , the right of possession seems only to have been recoverable by writ of entry [ Comm. III , 184 ] .
" Thus Henry II probably in the twenty - second year of his reign gave the assizes of novel disseisin and mort d'ancestor . "
In this last statement there is I think a small mistake .
Blackstone refers these two assizes to the Council held at Northampton in 1176 .
Now it is very possible that the Mort d'Ancestor was created on that occasion , and that we have the words which created it in an instruction to the itinerant justices , some words of which Bracton cites in a note and the whole of which will be found in the Select Charters .
But the Novel Disseisin seems about ten years older --- we have not got the text of the ordinance which created it , but on the Pipe Roll for 12 Henry II we begin to have entries of fines inflicted pro disseisina super assisam Regis .
There can I think be little doubt that the ordinance was made at the Council of Clarendon in 1166 .
But this mistake is small compared with that of supposing that the writs of entry are older than the assizes , and I need hardly say that it is nonsense to suppose that our Saxon ancestors knew anything about writs of entry .
As to their date , we must start with the fact that Glanvill gives no writ of entry , though ( X , 9 ) he has got just one writ which might easily be converted into a writ of entry ad terminum qui praeteriit .
The Registers of the early years of Henry III give two such writs , the writ of entry ad terminum qui praeteriit and the writ cui in vita , and on a Patent Roll of 1205 , there is a writ of entry sur disseisin , a writ for the disseisee against the heir of the disseisor , followed by a writ which directs that this henceforward shall be a writ of course ( Rot. Pat. i. 32 ) ; before the middle of the century we find almost all the writs of entry in use , except those which were afterwards given by statute .
The truth is that the writs of entry presuppose the assizes .
Suppose that X has disseised A and that X is still in seisin , there is no writ of entry applicable to this simple case , because it is a case for an Assize of Novel Disseisin .
If X dies and his heir Y enters then there is a writ of entry for A against Y , because there cannot be an assize , for an Assize of Novel Disseisin can only be brought against a disseisor .
It is true that very late in the day we do find a writ of entry covering the ground of the Assize of Novel Disseisin , " the writ of entry in the nature of an assize " ; but I do not believe that this writ appears until very late times , until Richard II 's reign , when the procedure by way of assize has become more clumsy than the procedure by writ of entry --- more clumsy because more antiquated .
I have been compelled to insist on this point , because Blackstone 's theory turns the whole history of seisin upside down .
Meanwhile a number of other gaps are being filled up with new writs .
For instance , the Assize of Mort d'Ancestor , as we have seen , lies only when the claimant can assert that the person who has just died in seisin , and whose heir he is , was his father , mother , sister , brother , uncle , aunt .
It had been sufficient to provide for the common cases ; if the dead person was the claimant 's grandfather or cousin the assize could not be used .
Thus gap was filled up in 1237 by the action of Aiel , Besaiel and Cosinage , though the lords resisted these new inventions .
So again the group of writs relating to advowsons has received additions , and there is another group relating to wardships and marriages .
Here again we see the line between proprietary and possessory actions ; besides the proprietary writ of right of ward there is the possessory action of ejectment of ward .
There are also writs for settling disputes between lord and tenant --- writs relating to easements , writs relating to rights of common .
Very frequently there is one writ which is deemed possessory and one which is deemed proprietary or droiturel --- thus there is an assize of nuisance and a writ quod permitrat prosternere for the abatement of nuisances which cannot be brought within the
A diminutive , colorful bird living in the rocky forests of Laos and Vietnam has been discovered by a team of scientists from the Wildlife Conservation Society , Lao PDR Department of Forestry , Swedish University of Agricultural Science , Swedish Museum of Natural History , BirdLife International and other groups .
Named the " limestone leaf warbler " because it breeds in Laos 's limestone karst environments -- a region known for unusual wildlife -- it is similar to other warblers in this area of Southeast Asia , except for its distinct vocalizations and slight morphological differences .
A description of the new species is published in the journal IBIS ( The International Journal of Avian Science ) .
Authors include : Per Alstrom , Swedish University of Agricultural Science and the Swedish Museum of Natural History ; Peter Davidson , J. William Duckworth and Robert Timmins , Wildlife Conservation Society ; Jonathan C. Eames and Trai Trong Le , Birdlife International in Indochina ; Cu Nguyen , Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology ; Urban Olsson , University of Goteborg ; and biologist Craig Robson .
" The discovery of this new species is very exciting and underscores the importance of this region of Indochina for conservation , " said Colin Poole , Executive Director of the Asia Program for the Wildlife Conservation Society .
" With increased attention from biologists , the Annamite mountain range of Laos in particular is revealing itself as a Lost World for new and unusual wildlife . "
The tiny bird is greenish - olive with a yellow breast and striped crown .
Although it looks similar to other warblers , it is smaller with shorter wings and a larger bill than its closest relative the sulfur - breasted leaf warbler .
According to the study , the bird has a loud and distinct call , which is what first alerted the authors that the bird may be new to science .
Scientists presume there are many limestone leaf warblers in this region .
But its habitat is n't without threats .
Many parts of the species ' native forests have been cleared as a result of wood collection .
WCS is continuing to work with the Lao Government in an effort to reduce the threats limestone leaf warblers and other wildlife face in this region .
Earlier this year from this same region , a team of scientists from WCS and the University of Melbourne described the bare - faced bulbul -- another species previously unknown to science .
In 2002 in this same area , Robert Timmins of WCS described the Kha - nyou , a newly discovered species of rodent so unusual it represented the lone surviving member of an otherwise entirely extinct family .
Three years earlier , he described a unique striped rabbit in the region also new to science .
Maybe it ’s just me , but I ’ve found the last few weeks in American politics particularly unnerving .
Our economy is still very fragile , yet you would never know that by the way the political class is acting .
We ’re like a patient that just got out of intensive care and is sitting up in bed for the first time when , suddenly , all the doctors and nurses at bedside start bickering .
One of them throws a stethoscope across the room ; someone else threatens to unplug all the monitors unless the hospital bills are paid by noon ; and all the while the patient is thinking : “ Are you people crazy ?
I am just starting to recover .
Do you realize how easily I could relapse ?
Are n’t there any adults here ? ”
Sometimes you wonder :
Are we home alone ?
Obviously , the political and financial elites to whom we give authority often act on the basis of personal interests .
But we still have a long way to go to get out of the mess we are in , and if our elites do not behave with a greater sense of the common good we could find our economy doing a double dip with a back flip .
Dov Seidman , the C.E.O. of LRN , which helps companies build ethical cultures , likes to talk about two kinds of values : “ situational values ” and “ sustainable values . ”
Leaders , companies or individuals guided by situational values do whatever the situation will allow , no matter the wider interests of their communities .
A banker who writes a mortgage for someone he knows can’t make the payments over time is acting on situational values , saying : “ I ’ll be gone when the bill comes due . ”
People inspired by sustainable values act just the opposite , saying : “ I will never be gone .
I will always be here .
Therefore , I must behave in ways that sustain  my employees , my customers , my suppliers , my environment , my country and my future generations . ”
The Department of Justice , in a major antitrust review for the Obama administration , will join the Federal Communications Commission in reviewing Comcast Corp .'s deal to take control of General Electric Co. 's NBC Universal .
The decision settles a tug of war between the department and the Federal Trade Commission , each of which sought to weigh in on the $ 30 - billion deal announced in December .
But other recent big media mergers have been swung to Justice Department lawyers , so the decision did not come as a surprise to regulatory insiders .
The department reviewed Liberty Media Corp .'s purchase of satellite broadcaster DirecTV , has been handling the proposed merger of Live Nation and Ticketmaster and also oversaw the Disney - ABC and Viacom - CBS deals .
The FTC reviewed the AOL - Time Warner merger in 2000 .
Comcast ’s proposed deal with General Electric for NBC Universal would hand the country ’s No. 1 cable operator control of a major broadcast network , 26 TV stations , several cable channels and a movie studio .
Many public interest groups and lawmakers have expressed concern over the concentration of media outlets in a single company .
Comcast and NBC each also has a visible presence in online video content , an area projected for sharp growth .
Advertisement
Indeed , some advocates expressed jubilation at the news that the Justice Department would be scrutinizing the transaction .
Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy , called it “ incredibly good news for the deal ’s opponents ” because the antitrust division “ has gathered unusual expertise that will forcefully analyze Comcast ’s market power in the cable business . ”
Overseeing the review will be Christine Varney , the Justice Department ’s antitrust division chief .
She is a Washington insider who most recently was a partner in the law firm Hogan & Hartson and previously a commissioner at the FTC .
The department did n’t return a call for comment .
One of Varney ’s top aides is Gene Kimmelman , who is chief counsel for competition policy .
When Kimmelman was head of the public interest group Consumers Union , he frequently weighed in against media consolidation .
However , while at Consumers Union he also supported the merger of satellite broadcasters DirecTV and Echostar , which was blocked by the Justice Department .
Congress will get its shot at Comcast executives next month .
The Senate Judiciary Committee ’s antitrust subcommittee has not yet set a date .
Advertisement
joe.flint@latimes.com
Need to know how much it would cost you and your town to generate 2,500 megawatts of pure green energy ?
Your wind and solar farm infrastructure costs will come to 7 billion CAD ( just under 6.7 billion in US currency ) , which includes a 437 million CAD " sweetener " to get Samsung on board .
Plenty of curmudgeons have emerged from the woodwork to trash the deal as costing above market prices , but this appears to be the largest venture of its kind , so we 're not entirely sure " market prices " exist yet .
For its part , Samsung will create 16,000 jobs in the area , 4,000 of them permanent , as it builds toward the stated goal of providing enough energy to fully power 4 percent of Ontario 's population .
[ Thanks , Dan ]
Of the 779 known detainees who have been held at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba  terrorism suspects , sympathizers of Al Qaeda , people deemed enemy combatants by the United States military  only one was a journalist .
The journalist , Sami al - Hajj , was working for Al Jazeera as a cameraman when he was stopped by Pakistani forces on the border with Afghanistan in late 2001 .
The United States military accused Mr. Hajj of , among other things , falsifying documents and delivering money to Chechen rebels , although he was never charged with a crime during his years in custody .
Now , more than a year after his release , Mr. Hajj , a 40 - year - old native of Sudan , is back at work at the Arabic satellite news network , leading a new desk devoted to human rights and public liberties .
The captive has become the correspondent .
“ I wanted to talk for seven years , to make up for the seven years of silence , ” Mr. Hajj said through an interpreter during an interview at the network ’s headquarters in Doha , Qatar .
Researchers at Queen 's University have found a link between two genes involved in cancer formation in humans , by examining the genes in worms .
The groundbreaking discovery provides a foundation for how tumor - forming genes interact , and may offer a drug target for cancer treatment .
" When cancer hijacks a healthy system , it can create tumors by causing cells to divide when they should n't , " says Ian Chin - Sang , a developmental biologist at Queen 's and lead researcher on the study .
" Certain genes control the normal movement and growth of cells , and by studying how these genes interact , we can understand what is abnormal when cancer is present . "
There is an important gene in humans called PTEN that acts as a tumor suppressor .
When the PTEN gene function is lost , it can lead to cancers .
For example , 70 - 80 per cent of all prostate cancers have lost PTEN function .
Another gene family , called Eph receptors , often shows high levels in cancers , but a connection between PTEN and Eph Receptors in cancer formation has never been shown .
The Queen 's study shows the remarkable relationship between these genes in worms .
When the research team increased Eph receptor levels in worms , the PTEN levels diminished and the worms died prematurely .
When they decreased the Eph receptor level in the worm , the PTEN levels went up and the worm lived longer than normal .
The team believes the same principals are applicable to humans .
" Obviously humans and worms look very different , " states Professor Chin-Sang , " but at a molecular level , they are very similar .
In some instances , like the ones we are studying , the cellular mechanisms are so similar that the human genes can replace the worm 's gene . "
The next step is to take a closer look at the interaction of these two genes in humans .
The findings could lead to exciting breakthroughs in cancer treatment .
" There is a drug used in the treatment of breast cancer that some women develop a resistance to , " adds Professor Chin-Sang .
" Those same women have also lost their PTEN .
Perhaps their Eph is overactive , and that has made the PTEN go down .
The research on the worm may therefore provide a useful drug target for therapeutic intervention of breast cancer .
In fact , this worm is becoming a bit of a scientific celebrity .
Studies on this worm have won researchers three Nobel prizes in the last seven years . "
Professor Chin-Sang 's team includes Sarah Brisbin , Jun Liu , Jeff Boudreau , Jimmy Peng and Marie Evangelista from the Queen 's Biology Department .
The research was supported by the National Cancer Institute of Canada and Canadian Institutes of Health Research .
The study is published online in the journal Developmental Cell , and was recently highlighted in Science .
An enhanced image of the Moon taken with the NOAO Mosaic CCD camera using two NSF telescopes at Kitt Peak National Observatory .
The Moon is superimposed on a separate image of the sky .
Tonight 's full moon will be the biggest and brightest full moon of the year .
It offers anyone with clear skies an opportunity to identify easy - to - see features on the moon .
This being the first full moon of 2010 , it is also known as the wolf moon , a moniker dating back to Native American culture and the notion that hungry wolves howled at the full moon on cold winter nights .
Each month brings another full moon name .
But why will this moon be bigger than others ?
Here 's how the moon works :
The moon is , on average , 238,855 miles ( 384,400 km ) from Earth .
The moon 's orbit around Earth – which causes it to go through all its phases once every 29.5 days – is not a perfect circle , but rather an ellipse .
One side of the orbit is 31,070 miles ( 50,000 km ) closer than the other .
So in each orbit , the moon reaches this closest point to us , called perigee .
Once or twice a year , perigee coincides with a full moon , as it will tonight , making the moon bigger and brighter than any other full moons during the year .
Tonight it will be about 14 percent wider and 30 percent brighter than lesser full Moons of the year , according to Spaceweather.com .
As a bonus , Mars will be just to the left of the moon tonight .
Look for the reddish , star - like object .
Full moon craziness
Many people think full moons cause strange behavior among animals and even humans .
In fact several studies over the years have tried to tie lunar phases to births , heart attacks , deaths , suicides , violence , psychiatric hospital admissions and epileptic seizures , and more .
Connections have been inclusive or nonexistent .
The moon does have some odd effects on our planet , and there are oodles of other amazing moon facts and misconceptions :
The moon illusion
Finally , be sure to get out and see the full moon as it rises , right around sunset .
Along the horizon , the moon tends to seem even bigger .
This is just an illusion .
You can prove to yourself that this is an illusion .
Taking a small object such as a pencil eraser , hold it at arm 's length , and compare its size to that of the moon just as it rises .
Then repeat the experiment later in the night and you 'll see that the moon compares the same in both cases .
Alternately , snap two photos of the moon , with a digital camera or your cell phone , when the moon is near the horizon and later when it 's higher in the sky .
Pull both photos up on your computer screen and make a side - by - side comparison .
Astronomers and psychologists agree the moon illusion is just that , but they do n't agree on how to explain it .
arm spider tattoo
author unknow
if you are just looking for spider tattoos here are a lot cool desings , if you are searching for 3D spider tattoos , here are more 3d spider tatoo pictures
In early 2009 , the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) and industry experts predicted that the year would see a drop in the amount of wind capacity installed in the United States .
The continuing recession , lack of tax credit financing and a reduction in demand for energy were expected to cause a drop in installations by as much as 50 % from 2008 levels .
However , yesterday after the numbers were tallied , it turned out to be another record breaking year for the U.S. wind energy industry with nearly 10,000 megawatts ( MW ) put in the ground .
The 9,922 MW installed last year expanded the nation ’s wind plant fleet by 39 % and brought total wind power generating capacity in the U.S. to over 35,000 MW .
The five - year average annual growth rate for the industry is now 39 % , up from 32 % between 2003 and 2008 .
These new projects place wind power alongside natural gas as the leading source of new electricity generation for the country .
Together , the two sources account for about 80 % of the new capacity added in the country last year .
The wind energy industry brought over 4,000 MW of new capacity online in the fourth quarter of 2009 alone .
“ The U.S. wind energy industry shattered all installation records in 2009 , chalking up the Recovery Act as a historic success in creating jobs , avoiding carbon and protecting consumers , ” said Denise Bode , AWEA ’s CEO .
“ But U.S. wind turbine manufacturing — the canary in the mine — is down compared to last year ’s levels , and needs long - term policy certainty and market pull in order to grow . ”
In a conference call , Bode called for the U.S. to set hard national targets for renewables , which would provide the incentive for wind companies to set up manufacturing facilities in the country .
Broken down by state , total installation numbers show that Texas continues to lead the states with a total of 9,410 MW installed .
Iowa is second with 3,670 MW installed ; California is third with 2,794 installed ; Washington is fourth with 1,980 MW installed and Minnesota rounds out the top five states with 1,809 MW of capacity installed .
Texas also led the way in added capacity in 2009 , with 2,292 MW installed .
Other leading states in 2009 included Indiana with 905 MW , Iowa with 879 MW , Oregon with 691 MW and Illinois with 632 MW .
The number of states with at least one utility scale project rose to 36 in 2009 .
The industry cites the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) and the clear commitment to renewables from the Obama Administration as key drivers of the year ’s success .
The quick action on releasing ARRA cash grants for wind projects in the middle of last summer helped to free up capital for the industry .
Wind developers took advantage of much of the $ 2 billion in grants that were released and built out 44 wind projects in 22 states , representing 3,200 MW of installed capacity .
The year was n’t an unqualified success , however .
The lack of a long - term policy at the federal level , combined with the continuing reticence of investors to get back into the manufacturing sector caused a drop in investment in wind manufacturing compared to 2008 , with one - third fewer wind power manufacturing facilities online , announced and expanded in 2009 .
Steve Sawyer , chairman of the Global Wind Energy Council said that the downturn in U.S. manufacturing and demand for new turbines is in line with many markets around the world and is a symptom of the recession .
“ It was a tough year obviously , especially at the beginning when we felt the real aftershocks of the financial meltdown in the fall of 2008 .
There were not an awful lot of new orders , ” Sawyer said .
“ It ’s a bit of a different world and I ’m hoping that the wind market continues to recover . ”
The result was net job losses in the manufacturing sector in the U.S. , which were compounded by low orders and high inventory .
Because more jobs were added in operations , maintanence and construction , total nation - wide job numbers in the industry remained flat at 85,000 .
This is in some ways welcome news to the industry , which expected to lose between 25 and 50 % of its workforce without the federal government ’s investment through the ARRA .
Recovery
Act incentives spurred the growth of construction , operations , maintenance and management jobs , helping the industry to save and create jobs in those sectors .
The manufacturing sector did receive a boost last month when it was announced that US $ 350 million in tax credits would go to more than 50 companies to invest in manufacturing of towers , blades , gears , gearboxes , generators , nacelles assembly and other components .
AWEA cautioned that some of these projects will only move forward if other political action , like passing a national renewable energy target , is taken .
The noticeable disconnect between record installations and a drop in manufacturing investment was the result of the availability of large inventories of turbines that followed the market ’s collapse in late 2008 , according to AWEA .
The development of a “ grey market ” of developer - to - developer turbine sales also led to fewer new turbine orders in 2009 .
Looking forward , AWEA said that it will be critical for Congress to pass an energy bill that includes a strong renewable energy target in order for the industry to continue its growth .
Passing such a bill could be a challenge , as Democrats no longer hold a 60 - vote majority in the Senate .
Gramlich said that Congressional Democrats will likely reevaluate their agenda and move forward on a smaller energy bill before the midterm elections this coming fall .
AWEA ’s projections for 2010 remain murky .
Gramlich said that if there is a “ strong political and market signal , ” the U.S. could see as much as 10 gigawatts ( GW ) installed again this year , which would include the 3 GW currently under construction .
Without that signal , AWEA cautioned that it could be much less , especially if natural gas prices remain at their current levels and domestic manufacturing does n’t rebound .
Scott Sklar , president of the renewable energy consulting firm The Stella Group Ltd. , said that he sees the 2009 wind numbers as part of positive trend in the industry that he expects to continue through this year , despite ongoing economic problems .
“ The wind data confirms a cleantech 2009 trend , essentially that all energy efficiency and renewable energy markets expanded significantly during he height or the world economic crises .
Sales should increase again in 2010 , ” Sklar said .
2010 World Cup - interactive guide to the groups
All the fixtures in all the groups , with profiles of every team and host city
Django is the most widely used if not the most popular web framework among those available for python .
Have a look at this report by Jacob Kaplan - Moss the co-creator of Django , to get an idea about the current standing of Django among the community .
One disadvantage for Django is the lack of IDE support it has .
Here it holds a clear disadvantage against it ’s rival web frameworks such as Ruby on Rails .
Wing IDE looks impressive but is not free .
I was n’t much impressed with Komodo and it is not free either .
The best bet seams to be Netbeans 7 which promises to have good python support .
Hopefully it would have satisfactory Django support as well .
Currently netbeans is having a python plugin that is still in beta stage .
The best alternative for me as of now is PyDev which I have been using with python for sometime now .
Here I will explain how to configure PyDev to work with Django .
1. ) First download and install Django
2. ) Add Django source folder to PYTHONPATH in pydev
Go to windows > preferences
In the opended dialog choose interpreter - python
Here under python interpreter a python interpreter should be available .
If not add one by clicking new
In System PYTHONPATH add the downloaded source folder of Django by clicking New Folder
3. ) Create a new pydev project .
Go to file > new > pydev project
Enter project name , path and importantly make sure the option ‘ create default src folder and add it to PYTHONPATH ? ’ is choosen .
This is easiest way or you can manually add the source folder of the new project to PYTHONPATH by going to File > properties >
PYTHONPATH
4. ) Start a new Django project
Open a new console from the Operating System ( console support inside pydev is avialable but is not very satisfactory )
Navigate to the newly create src folder inside the pydev project
type django - admin.py startproject ‘ sitename ’ ( sitename should be the name of your project ) .
This how a new project is started in Django
If your projects name is mysite the folder structure should be as follows
mysite
src
mysite
Now pydev should be configured to work with Django .
All the python feature that pydev supports should be now working with Django as well .
The standard features of a modern IDE works beautifully with pydev for Django but there are some major drawbacks .
Django template tags are not supported in pydev .
Also the console support inside pydev is not impressive .
So for now I am forced to use pydev for Django coding , the OS console for giving Django commands and nothing for Django templates .
From the Australian : SEA water under an East Antarctic ice shelf showed no sign of higher temperatures despite fears of a thaw linked to global warming that could bring higher world ocean levels , first tests showed yesterday .
Sensors lowered through three holes drilled in the Fimbul Ice Shelf showed the sea water is still around freezing and not at higher temperatures widely blamed for the break - up of 10 shelves on the Antarctic Peninsula , the most northerly part of the frozen continent in West Antarctica .
“ The water under the ice shelf is very close to the freezing point , ” Ole Anders Noest of the Norwegian Polar Institute wrote after drilling through the Fimbul , which is between 250 m and 400 m thick .
“ This situation seems to be stable , suggesting that the melting under the ice shelf does not increase , ” he wrote of the first drilling cores .
The findings , a rare bit of good news after worrying signs in recent years of polar warming , adds a small bit to a puzzle about how Antarctica is responding to climate change , blamed largely on human use of fossil fuels .
Antarctica holds enough water to raise world sea levels by 57 m if it ever all melted , so even tiny changes are a risk for low - lying coasts or cities from Beijing to New York .
The Institute said the water under the Fimbul was about - 2.05C .
Salty water freezes at a slightly lower temperature than fresh water .
And it was slightly icier than estimates in a regional model for Antarctica , head of the Norwegian Polar Institute ’s Center for Ice , Climate and Ecosystems , Nalan Koc , said .
“ The important thing is that we are now in a position to monitor the water beneath the ice shelf .
“ If there is a warming in future we can tell . ”
She said data collected could go into a new report by the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , due in 2013 - 14 .
The last IPCC report , in 2007 , did not include computer models for sea temperature around the Fimbul Ice Shelf .
========
From the expedition web site : http://fimbul.npolar.no/en/news/current/Nye_data.html
We observed a roughly 50 meter deep layer of water with temperatures very close to the freezing point , about - 2.05 degrees , just beneath the ice shelf .
The highest observed temperature was about - 1.83 degrees close to the bottom .
The temperatures are very similar to temperature data collected by elephant seals in 2008 and by British Antarctic Survey using an autosub below the ice shelf in 2005 .
We collected three profiles from the underside of the ice to the seabed at 653 meters below sealevel .
No trace of the relatively warm deep water that upwells over the continental slope was found .
It will be exciting to see if this is the situation all year round , says Ole Anders Nøst .
For more on how the drilling was done , see this PDF of the method and equipment here
More on the project here
h/t to Michael In Sydney
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Taco Bell ’s “ Fresco ” menu items long ago joined the ranks of healthful fast - food options , which already included McDonald 's limited - edition Go Active !
Happy Meals for adults ( complete with pedometer ) and Pizza Hut ’s “ Fit N Delicious ” line .
But now , the pseudo - Mexican fast food chain has a new infomercial starring a woman named Christine Dougherty , who says she lost 54 pounds on what the company calls the Drive - Thru Diet – a nickname for the seven items , including tacos and burritos , that the chain is offering , each with less than 9 grams of fat .
Christine ’s story is a little skimpy on the details – she says in her statement and video that she reduced her total daily calorie intake by 500 calories to 1,250 calories by choosing Fresco items and “ making other sensible choices .
” How much of that was Fresco and how much was due to “ sensible choices ” ?
Let ’s put it this way :
The most notable difference between the regular and the Fresco tacos is replacement cheese with salsa .
( For a little perspective , there are 100 calories in an ounce of Mexican - style shredded cheese , and about 10 calories for your typical salsa , according to this calorie calculator . ) This does n’t make for a huge caloric difference between the Fresco menu items and their “ regular ” counterparts .
The Crunchy Taco Supreme is 200 calories ; the Fresco version cuts that to 150 .
The Fresco burrito supreme with steak keeps it at 330 calories , while the normal version hits 380 .
That 50 - calorie cut does n’t even come close to cutting the 500 calories Christine said she dropped each day .
I ’m guessing “ other sensible choices , ” such as eating carrots as a snack or holding the whipped cream on that caramel macchiato , had much more to do with Christine ’s weight loss than the type of tacos that she ate .
Also ?
The blurb on Christine is more loaded with disclaimers than a box of cheese - covered nachos is with empty calories .
The Drive - Thru Diet is “ not a weight loss program , ” Christine says , adding , “ These results are n’t typical , but for me they were fantastic ! ”
And in smaller print ?
Fresco is “ not a low calorie food .
” So Taco Bell makes no claims as to its tacos ’ special weight - loss capabilities .
And since many major fast food chains now offer healthful options , Christine could have just as easily credited McDonald 's Southwest salad with chicken ( 320 calories ) or Burger King ’s veggie burger ( 420 calories ) .
She could even have made that Subway sandwich a wrap to cut down on carbohydrates .
When it comes to more health - conscious consumption , it does n’t take a taco to start tracking your food ’s energy content .
Take a look at this counter the next time you want to evaluate how heavy your meal is .
In any case , healthful eating should not be all about the calorie counting — consumers could theoretically cut their calories in half while on a steady diet of milkshakes and pizza .
Maintaining a healthy diet also requires keeping track of those pesky vitamins and minerals , which come from a balanced intake of vegetables , fruits , nuts and other protein .
Take a look at the USDA ’s revised food pyramid for a better idea of what ingredients a good meal should include , whether it ’s home cooked or passed through a drive - through window .
-- Amina Khan
Photo credit : Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times
After Banksy modified a piece of graffiti along Regent 's Canal which had been untouched for 25 years , the original artist saw red and sprayed over his work .
The graffiti dates from 1985 and is by one of London 's pioneering graffiti artists , Robbo ...
Credit : PICTURE IT NOW
OTTAWA–Immigration Minister Jason Kenney says it 's a lot easier for the government to operate without Parliament in session .
" As a minister , I often get more done when the House is not in session , " he said as thousands of Canadians were preparing to mount protests across the country against Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's decision to suspend Parliament until March 3 .
" That 's not to say Parliament is unimportant , " Kenney told reporters after making an immigration announcement .
" But from a ministerial point of view , I think any minister in any government will tell you that 's probably generally the case . "
Harper has sparked a rare national outpouring of protest from Canadians who argue that closing down Parliament is an abuse of prime ministerial power and is being used by Harper to deprive his political opponents of a platform to criticize his government .
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff , NDP Leader Jack Layton and Green Leader Elizabeth May will address a rally in front of Parliament on Saturday afternoon – one of dozens of public protests scheduled from St. John 's to Toronto to Victoria .
Until Harper unexpectedly suspended , or prorogued , Parliament last month , the House of Commons was scheduled to reopen after its holiday break on Monday .
Liberal and New Democrat MPs will be on Parliament Hill on Monday for a week of hearings , discussions and news conferences on unemployment , the need for independent government agencies , aiding Haiti , the pension crisis , accountability in Afghanistan and other issues .
But Harper will be out of the country for much of next week .
From Wednesday to Friday , he will be in Davos , Switzerland , for the World Economic Forum , an invitation - only gathering where the globe 's corporate and political elite rub shoulders and talk policy once a year .
Layton , who is advocating new parliamentary rules to curb the prime minister 's power to suspend sittings , said on Friday : " Stephen Harper and the Conservatives are playing old politics – where partisan games matter more than the work of elected representatives .
" Canadians want and deserve better : a new politics that says there is a better way forward , an end to secrecy and arrogance and the beginning of openness and accountability , " Layton added .
Saturday 's protest rallies emerged from a Facebook page set up to oppose the suspension of Parliament that has attracted more than 200,000 members .
In Toronto , protesters will gather at 1 p.m. at Dundas Square , according to the website NoProrogue.ca .
In Vancouver , demonstrators will reportedly be served perogies as a tasty alternative to prorogation .
Harper has said he suspended Parliament to give his government time to prepare its economic plans .
Even though the House of Commons is shuttered , Harper summoned his caucus to a meeting Friday , telling Conservative MPs and senators the government must continue to revive the economy by rolling out the second year of its two - year , $ 46 billion economic stimulus package , which was announced last Jan. 27 .
" The international economy remains fragile and there is still a danger that we could be pulled back once again through no fault of our own .
That 's why protecting Canada 's economy remains the top priority of Canadians and that is why it is still our top priority , " he said to enthusiastic applause .
" The Economic Action Plan has been working and we must see it through . "
The economic recovery plan is to run through 2010 , but Harper said Canadians are saying it 's time to get ready to cut government costs once the stimulus program ends .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We have been told to start planning now for deficit reduction when the recession ends , " he said .
The Conservatives envision a cumulative budget deficit of $ 164 billion by 2014 .
Read more about :
[ Croatian translation ]
There is a surprisingly old history to curved - crease sculpture , going back to the 1920s at the Bauhaus .
We give here a partial history focusing on the earliest known references .
Albers also taught this model at Black Mountain College in North Carolina , circa 1937 –1938 , where he was the head of the art department .
See page 33 and Figure 29 on page 73 of Esther Dora Adler 's thesis “ A New Unity ! ” The Art and Pedagogy of Josef Albers [ University of Maryland , 2004 ] .
The image on the right is from page 434 of the book Bauhaus : Weimar , Dessau , Berlin , Chicago by Hans M. Wingler [ MIT Press , 1969 and 1978 paperback ] .
It shows a simple yet beautiful model that appears again and again over the years .
Take a circular piece of paper and fold it along concentric circles , alternating mountain and valley .
You can score circular creases with a compass or a laser cutter .
The actual folding is tricky , but once complete , the pleated form will automatically twist into a saddle curve .
The earliest known reference of curved - crease sculpture is from a student 's work at the Bauhaus , from a preliminary course in paper study taught by Josef Albers in 1927 – 1928 .
2009 was no different than any other year when it came to shocking and still - heavily - talked about deaths .
In fact , so many famous faces shuffled this mortal coil over the last year that it is rather difficult - perhaps more so than in the past - to pick out the ten that truly defined ’09 .
Celebrities and personalities alike would seemingly just do something amazing or widely viewed , and then just as suddenly leave this land of the living for more beautiful pastures .
So , let ’s take a minute and remember those who may have been taken from us just a shade too soon … and possibly compare them with people who maybe should have been taken in their stead .
See , to some , God has a plan , and sometimes
His plan is just bizarre enough to really make us mortals wonder .
X Brittany Murphy
Really ?
Yeah , really .
The most recent to be taken from us seemingly by her own , troubled hand , Brittany Murphy was an actress so instantly recognized and likable that it really did n’t matter that she had n’t really gotten a big foothold in the industry .
Sure , movies like Clueless , Girl Interrupted , and 8 Mile certainly brought her to the forefront of fame , as well as voicing the squirrelly Southern drawl of Luanne from King of the Hill , she had n’t quite become the face that saturated the female ensemble casts like so many of her genre .
Still , she will be missed if only for the potential she had yet to unleash .
Can We Trade For : How about Paris Hilton ?
She ’s about as useful as a superfluous nipple , and just as grossly spoken of .
She has little discernible talent , the prevailing style of an Heiress who ’s just looking to be locked away , and the presence of a half - naked Skeletor .
Is it too late to swap ?
IX Marilyn Chambers
Everyone knows that Marilyn was a porn star .
Her entire career is based on her appearance in the Hard - Core classic , Behind the Green Door and because of it , she went on to do several more films in the genre .
Her portrayal of a woman who utters not a word in the movie , yet startles her audience for years to come by getting nailed by an African American gentleman .
And so , as it were , a star was born .
Her parents must have been so proud .
But she left this Earth this past year in April when she was found by her daughter and it turned out that she ’d died from heart disease - related issues .
Can We Trade For : I would , for a laugh , say Paris Hilton again because , well , she kind of fits , but for the sake of repetitiveness , let ’s say ( and I ’m gonna get my ass kicked for this one ) MMA Tito Ortiz .
Why , of all people , him ?
Because not only is he currently the only guy nailing Jenna Jameson ( see the porn connection there ? ) but he managed to knock her up , too .
And without him , maybe she ’d get back to doing porn .
That sounds fair .
VIII Captain Lou Albano
A colorful and quite over - the - top wrestler from the original WWF , Capt .
Lou , throughout his 42 - year career , guided 15 different tag teams and four singles competitors to championship gold .
Now that ’s something .
He is also widely considered one of wrestling ’s most important figures in terms of promoting the ‘ sport ’ from coast to coast .
And above all else , he was in a cartoon called Hulk Hogan ’s Rock ‘ N’ Wrestling as well as several of Cindy Lauper ’s videos !
What a guy !
Alas , he passed in his sleep in October .
I guess that ’s a better way to go than most wrestlers .
Can We Trade For : Vince McMahon ?
Look , the guy ’s taken his company ( well , his dad ’s , really ) to literally stratospheric levels of popularity and has made Wrestling a world - wide piece of sports entertainment .
Yet , it ’s pretty well known that he ’s losing his damn mind .
Let ’s get some fresh blood in there already and put Vince to pasture .
VII Ron Silver
Wen you ’re taken by Cancer , it ’s no laughing matter .
Scientists can find ways to make people invisible , keep food fresher , and invent towels that absorb a million times their weight in water , but they ca n’t seem to get a grasp on Cancer .
Anyway , Ron ’s unfortunate death knell was esophageal cancer , one of the more painful types .
Silver was best known for his scenes in such films as Reversal of Fortune , Blue Steel , and …
Time Cop ?
Well , he ’s well known anyway , regardless of his roles .
Can We Trade For : Alan Dershowitz , the lawyer / professor Ron played in Reversal of Fortune just for being Alan friggin’ Dershowitz ?
Please ?
VI Arnold Stang
Who ’s Arnold Stang , you ’re likely asking yourselves .
Well , I ’ll tell you .
Have you ever watched Top Cat ?
Well he was the voice of said feline .
What about Honey Nut Cheerios ?
Well , before Billy West took over , Stang was the bee .
What about Dennis the Menace the live - action film ?
Stang was the photographer who took a picture of George Wilson and his famous flower .
Yeah , basically a character actor known for his lovable nerd character , Stang will never the less be missed .
Can We Trade For : Probably no one .
Stang was , after all , 87 .
I guess not quite as surprising as others , really .
V Natasha Richardson
Regardless of how someone famous dies , it ’s always a sad tragedy .
Yet , when the death is completely avoidable , it just seems far worse .
Case in point , Natasha Richardson .
Daughter of Vanessa Redgrave and sister to Joely Richardson , as well as wife to Liam Neeson , Natasha was popular and famous enough even without having been a fine actress .
But something so arbitrary as a fall suffered during a routine ski lesson leading to massive internal head injuries and later , death , is just so random and sick .
See , God does have a sense of humor , we just do n’t always get the punch - line .
Can We Trade For : Patty Hearst ?
Natasha portrayed her in the film of the same name and we all know Hearst ’s rap sheet and less - than stellar history reads like a manual of what not to do in life .
She could have left and far fewer people would have given a shit .
Though , I suppose she ’d have been more of a martyr .
Oh well .
IV Patrick Swayze
What can be said about an actor that has n’t already been said .
The man was a legend .
His filmography looks like a lifetime ’s worth of fantastic choices with only a few missteps ( which is far more than most actors can boast ) including Dirty Dancing , Ghost , Point Break , and Roadhouse .
But Patrick was riddled with yet another form of the sinister Cancer , this time pancreatic .
Swayze was a fighter both with his soul and his ( wait for it ) ‘ soles ’ .
Yeah , I went there .
Can We Trade For : Demi Moore ?
Not because I do n’t like Swayze ’s Ghost co-star , as I ’m sure she ’s a wonderful person , but anything to make that colossal douche bag Ashton Kutcher suffer is reason enough for me .
III Billy Mays
A man who could be - and likely is - selling robe bleach to the Lord , Billy Mays was so well known and saturating that you ’d be hard pressed to see any ad on TV without seeing is face shilling the product .
OxiClean , Awesome Auger , Big City Slider Station , Mighty Putty , and the Grater Plater … you know the products but would any have reached their astounding popularity without the voice and face of Mays ?
Nope .
Can We Trade For : Vince Shlomi .
For obvious reasons .
II David Carradine
Two words : Kung - Fu .
For three years , Carradine played a half - Chinese , half - Caucasian Shaolin monk , Kwai Chang Caine who did little more than wander the Earth getting into adventures .
But this was truly David ’s claim to fame .
He was even lucky enough to reprise his role in 1993 in The Legend Continues .
Few people outside of the Hoff can claim that .
But , and for the most part penultimately , Carradine rode the fame from his part in Tarrantino ’s Kill Bill 1 and 2 as Bill himself .
And then , going in a way I wish to die myself , David was found hanging from a closet after a failed attempt at autoerotic asphyxiation .
Yeah , the dude tried to strangle himself while jerking off .
Awesome .
Can We Trade For : Keith Carradine ?
David ’s half - and far less talented - brother .
Why ?
Why not ?
David was way cooler .
I Michael Jackson
Who else could it possibly be , really .
Just because I was n’t a fan does nothing to take away from the unbelievable legacy this man ( sort of ) left for the world .
Michael was an amazingly talented singer , son-writer , dancer , and , well , eccentric lunatic - but tat ’s neither here nor there .
His career spanned decades and left a lasting impression on so many different genres as well as on so many different people .
He ’ll be missed .
Well , for the most part .
Can We Trade For : I know this is going to garner hate mail and a barrage of scathing comments , but , well , so be it .
I think this suffering and insufferable nightmare is better off right where he is .
Heaven ?
Maybe .
Hell ?
Maybe .
Either way his tortured , bizarre , and disconnected soul is far , far safer where ever it may be .
I am 100 % pro life .
I believe abortion is taking the life of an innocent human being .
I believe life begins at conception and it is the duty of our government to protect this life .
I will always vote for any and all legislation that would end abortion or lead us in the direction of ending abortion .
I believe in a Human Life Amendment and a Life at Conception Act as federal solutions to the abortion issue .
I also believe that while we are working toward this goal , there are many other things we can accomplish in the near term .
It is unconscionable that government would facilitate the taking of innocent life .
I strongly oppose any federal funding for abortion and will stop the flow of tax dollars to groups like Planned Parenthood , who perform or advoate abortions .
In addition , I believe we may be able to save millions of lives in the near future by allowing states to pass their own anti-abortion laws .
If states were able to do so , I sincerely believe many - including Kentucky - would do so tomorrow , saving hundreds of thousands of lives .
Before 1973 , abortion was illegal in most states .
Since Roe v. Wade , over 50 million children have died in abortion procedures .
I would strongly support legislation restricting federal courts from hearing cases like Roe v. Wade .
Such legislation would only require a majority vote , making it more likely to pass than a pro-life constitutional amendment .
I would support legislation , a Sanctity of Life Amendment , establishing the principle that life begins at conception .
This legislation would define life at conception in law , as a scientific statement .
As your Senator , there are many ways I can help end abortion .
I will fight for each and every one of them .
The Obama Administration ’s proposed bank tax does n’t solve the too - big - to - fail problem .
And it ’s arguably too small , although I think one barrier to making it bigger was the issue I mentioned yesterday , which is that the balance sheets of at least some of the big banks are still a bit shaky , and taking substantial amounts of capital out of them this early in the recovery may have seemed injudicious .
( I ’m thinking here especially of Citigroup . )
But for all that , it ’s a good proposal that will raise a significant amount of money ( $ 117 billion over ten years is not , even by today ’s standards , trivial ) and will provide a disincentive ( a too - small disincentive , but still a disincentive ) for banks to keep getting bigger .
This seems like such a reasonable proposal , in fact , that I ’m a bit surprised that anyone to Obama ’s right ( that is , anyone who thinks the plan is too harsh , rather than too soft ) is arguing against it .
But they — with “ they ” meaning , above all , the banking industry — are .
Two main arguments seem to have emerged .
The first argument ( which , oddly , some people on the left as well as the right are making ) , is that any tax would be passed along to consumers .
Now , this is an argument that can be , and is , made against any corporate tax , and given the fact that Americans think that corporate taxes make sense generally , there ’s no obvious reason why this tax should be an exception .
More important , it ’s unlikely to be true .
To be sure , some of the tax will be passed along .
But the Obama proposal exempts banks of less than $ 50 billion from the levy , which means that to the extent that the big banks raise prices in response to the tax , they ’ll be making themselves less competitive in the marketplace .
Now , it may be that in arguing that consumers will end up paying this tax , what bank lobbyists are really admitting is that smaller banks just are n’t real competitors to the big banks and serve as no competitive check on their prices .
But I do n’t think that ’s an argument — “ the big banks are so powerful that they can pass any cost increases along to consumers ” — that bank lobbyists really want to be making .
The second argument is even more dubious , namely that the tax will crimp lending .
Jon Hilsenrath offers up a sophisticated version of this argument , saying that since banks need to increase liabilities to fund new loans , any tax on liabilities will also reduce the number of loans .
Now , in the first place , it is n’t true that banks have to increase liabilities to fund new loans : they can also fund them by raising capital .
In other words , instead of borrowing money that then re-lend , banks could raise money by selling equity , and then lend that out .
The truth is that the tax is too small to fundamentally shift the way banks fund themselves , but anything that encourages banks to rely more on equity and less on debt is a good thing .
More concretely , Hilsenrath ’s argument implies that the banks are currently lending to their full capacity , so that if they want to do any more lending they ’d need to expand their liabilities , which the tax will discourage .
But this is n’t even close to being true : banks currently have more than a trillion dollars in reserves , which is effectively cash just sitting in the bank .
If they wanted to lend — and if there was sufficient demand for lending — they have more than enough capacity to do so without taking another dime in liabilities .
In other words , the impact of this tax on lending will be , to the nearest approximation , zero .
Representing the Rights of People in the Hudson Valley
At the law firm of Gerard J. Pisanelli , I offer strong and experienced legal counsel to clients in the Hudson Valley .
For more than 35 years , I have fought tirelessly for the rights of my clients — now I want to fight for you .
My firm is a local law firm , serving clients from offices in Poughkeepsie and Beacon , New York .
To learn how to put my skills to work for you in your case , contact metoday for a free phone consultation .
Uncontested and Contested Divorces
I believe in exhausting every available avenue to resolve family law and uncontested divorce issues amicably before going to court .
Should things fail to resolve , know that I am a committed attorney capable of standing up and fighting for you in a contested divorce .
I also represent clients in child support , child custody , paternity and adoption .
Criminal Defense – DWI and Traffic Violations
When your freedom or reputation is on the line , hire a former assistant district attorney and assistant city judge to represent you .
I will apply my more than 40 years of criminal law experience to defend your DWI / DUI , traffic violation , drug charges or other criminal charges .
Personal Injury Claims
The lawyer you hire can affect your success in a personal injury cases against insurance companies and responsible parties .
Whether you were injured in a car accident , truck accident , slip - and - fall accident or another type of accident , I will do what it takes to fight for your rights .
Great Success Rate
“ A local Poughkeepsie woman was cleared of all charges in an alleged Club worker slashing case .
Toyia Dancy of Gray Street was found Not Guilty of all charges by an Ulster County jury in Kingston .
She had been charged in a 3 - count indictment with 2 - counts of attempted assault 1sr degree and 1 - count of assault 2nd stemming from an incident that took place June 12 , 2010 at Truman ’s Night Club on Terwilliger Lane in the Town of New Paltz .
The jury consisting of five women and seven men heard three days of testimony before returning with the Not Guilty verdicts on March 1st , 2012 .
The trial took place in front of the Honorable Thomas Breslin , Justice of the Supreme Court of Albany .
Gerard J. Pisanelli handled the defense and the Prosecution was represented by Chief Assistant District Attorney John Tobin . ”
Find out more about my areas of practice .
Justice You Can Afford
My entire practice is structured to deliver high - quality legal services that regular people can afford .
If you are concerned about cost , talk to me .
We can discuss ways in which to meet your legal objectives while staying within your budget .
Contact Me
To hire an attorney to be on your legal team , contact me at the law firm of Gerard J. Pisanelli today for a free phone consultation .
Body jewelry is an extremely popular fashion accessory amongst men and women today , and the popularity of piercing is still growing .
Eyebrow piercings are a very popular piercing for both men and women , at any age .
Eyebrow piercings are looked upon as another great trend in a fashionable world .
People opt for an eyebrow ring to really flaunt their individuality and style .
Considering the growing demand of piercings , BodyJewelry.com brings forth our latest collection of eyebrow jewelry .
We proudly offer a wide selection of eyebrow jewelry in various styles , designs and sizes suited to your preferences , our esteemed customers .
Our selection of jeweled , solid gold , basic , titanium , or logo eyebrow jewelry will have you hard - pressed to shop anywhere else .
Eyebrow piercings are unique in nature , why settle for eyebrow jewelry any less than unique ?
Our Logo barbell eyebrow ring is available in a variety of designs to choose from .
We have everything from happy faces to common phrases .
Make a statement with our wide selection of eyebrow jewelry .
When looking for body jewelry , BodyJewelry.com is your best destination .
So that 's it .
The world 's worst polluters – the people who are drastically altering the climate – gathered here in Copenhagen to announce they were going to carry on cooking , in defiance of all the scientific warnings .
They did n't seal the deal ; they sealed the coffin for the world 's low - lying islands , its glaciers , its North Pole , and millions of lives .
Those of us who watched this conference with open eyes are n't surprised .
Every day , practical , intelligent solutions that would cut our emissions of warming gases have been offered by scientists , developing countries and protesters – and they have been systematically vetoed by the governments of North America and Europe .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It 's worth recounting a few of the ideas that were summarily dismissed – because when the world finally resolves to find a real solution , we will have to revive them .
Discarded Idea One : The International Environmental Court .
Any cuts that leaders claim they would like as a result of Copenhagen will be purely voluntary .
If a government decides not to follow them , nothing will happen , except a mild blush , and disastrous warming .
Canada signed up to cut its emissions at Kyoto , and then increased them by 26 per cent – and there were no consequences .
Copenhagen could unleash a hundred Canadas .
The brave , articulate Bolivian delegates – who have seen their glaciers melt at a terrifying pace – objected .
They said if countries are serious about reducing emissions , their cuts need to be policed by an International Environmental Court that has the power to punish people .
This is hardly impractical .
When our leaders and their corporate lobbies really care about an issue – say , on trade – they pool their sovereignty this way in a second .
The World Trade Organisation fines and sanctions nations severely if ( say ) they do n't follow strict copyright laws .
Is a safe climate less important than a trademark ?
Discarded Idea Two : Leave the fossil fuels in the ground .
At meetings here , an extraordinary piece of hypocrisy has been pointed out by the new international chair of Friends of the Earth , Nnimmo Bassey , and the environmental writer George Monbiot .
The governments of the world say they want drastically to cut their use of fossil fuels , yet at the same time they are enthusiastically digging up any fossil fuels they can find , and hunting for more .
They are holding a fire extinguisher in one hand and a flame - thrower in the other .
Only one of these instincts can prevail .
A study published earlier this year in the journal Nature showed that we can use only – at an absolute maximum – 60 per cent of all the oil , coal and gas we have already discovered if we are going to stay the right side of catastrophic runaway warming .
So the first step in any rational climate deal would be an immediate moratorium on searching for more fossil fuels , and fair plans for how to decide which of the existing stock we will leave unused .
As Bassey put it : " Keep the coal in the hole .
Keep the oil in the soil .
Keep the tar sand in the land . "
This option was n't even discussed by our leaders .
Discarded Idea Three : Climate debt .
The rich world has been responsible for 70 per cent of the warming gases in the atmosphere – yet 70 per cent of the effects are being felt in the developing world .
Holland can build vast dykes to prevent its land flooding ; Bangladesh can only drown .
There is a cruel inverse relationship between cause and effect : the polluter does n't pay .
So we have racked up a climate debt .
We broke it ; they paid .
At this summit , for the first time , the poor countries rose in disgust .
Their chief negotiator pointed out that the compensation offered " wo n't even pay for the coffins " .
The cliché that environmentalism is a rich person 's ideology just gasped its final CO2 - rich breath .
As Naomi Klein put it : " At this summit , the pole of environmentalism has moved south . "
When we are dividing up who has the right to emit the few remaining warming gases that the atmosphere can absorb , we need to realise that we are badly overdrawn .
We have used up our share of warming gases , and then some .
Yet the US and EU have dismissed the idea of climate debt out of hand .
How can we get a lasting deal that every country agrees to if we ignore this basic principle of justice ?
Why should the poorest restrain themselves when the rich refuse to ?
A deal based on these real ideas would actually cool the atmosphere .
The alternatives championed at Copenhagen by the rich world – carbon offsetting , carbon trading , carbon capture – wo n't .
They are a global placebo .
The critics who say the real solutions are " unrealistic " do n't seem to realise that their alternative is more implausible still : civilisation continuing merrily on a planet whose natural processes are rapidly breaking down .
Throughout the negotiations here , the world 's low - lying island states have clung to the real ideas as a life raft , because they are the only way to save their countries from a swelling sea .
It has been extraordinary to watch their representatives – quiet , sombre people with sad eyes – as they were forced to plead for their own existence .
They tried persuasion and hard science and lyrical hymns of love for their lands , and all were ignored .
These discarded ideas – and dozens more like them – show once again that man-made global warming can be stopped .
The intellectual blueprints exist just as surely as the technological blueprints .
There would be sacrifices , yes – but they are considerably less than the sacrifices made by our grandparents in their greatest fight .
We will have to pay higher taxes and fly less to make the leap to a renewably powered world – but we will still be able to live an abundant life where we are warm and free and well fed .
The only real losers will be the fossil fuel corporations and the petro-dictatorships .
But our politicians have not chosen this sane path .
No : they have chosen inertia and low taxes and oil money today over survival tomorrow .
The true face of our current system – and of Copenhagen – can be seen in the life - saving ideas it has so casually tossed into the bin .
' You can watch Johann explaining some of the appalling loopholes being smuggled into the Copenhagen treaty here
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Federal aviation regulators criticized commercial - jet makers Thursday for resisting " any concerted effort " to upgrade onboard flight - data and cockpit - voice recorders on the latest models coming off assembly lines .
The Federal Aviation Administration said it was " seriously disappointed " with what it contends has been 19 months of industry foot - dragging in implementing the safety enhancements .
On Thursday , the FAA announced it was reluctantly proposing to extend the timetable for installing enhanced recorder equipment on newly ...
1 of 2 2 of 2
Vancouver police have found a stash of ecstasy pills stamped with the Olympic rings .
Officers responding to a 911 call about a home invasion in the 4300 block of Nanaimo Street discovered the drugs , according to a Vancouver Police Department press release sent out today ( December 10 ) .
Police seized 107,000 ecstasy pills ( worth over $ 1 million on the street ) , as well as a six - ounce “ partial brick ” of cocaine ( $ 17,000 ) .
“ Some of the ecstacy tablets were imprinted with peace signs and the Olympic rings , ” the release stated .
In the release , Inspector Brad Desmarais of the department ’s gangs and drugs section called the find “ one of the top 5 largest seizures in Vancouver ” .
Charges have not yet been laid against two men arrested by the police .
They have both been released with conditions .
Ecstasy is a psychoactive drug that contains — or is represented as containing — the synthetic substance 3,4 - methylenedioxymethamphetamine , or MDMA .
" If a man does not keep pace with his companions , perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer .
Let him step to the music which he hears , however measured or far away . "
~ Henry David Thoreau , Walden , Conclusion , 1854
Being a libertarian , I have never been comfortable working in a government - run public school , but a PowerPoint presentation at a recent faculty meeting made me realize just how monstrous the system really is .
The presentation was on something called RTI ( Response to Intervention ) , and it began with a slide entitled " When a kid gets sick … "
While RTI is hailed as a revolutionary new approach , it is really just an old practice dressed up in new jargon .
With both RTI and its predecessor , nonperforming or uncooperative students are identified and treated as if they suffer from some kind of illness .
In either case , the process typically ends with parents seated at a long conference table facing grim - faced teachers , administrators , counselors , social workers and perhaps even a psychiatrist all armed with file folders full of evaluations and test results .
The remedy these " experts " prescribe usually involves placement in some Special Education program ( i.e. low expectations dumping ground ) and sometimes even the prescription of some dangerous mind - altering drug like Ritalin .
Few parents ever object to or question these measures .
Many parents even insist on them believing this special treatment is necessary to help their " ill " child .
Supporters of RTI may protest that they are only trying to help and that Special Education or drugs are only last resorts .
That may be true , but they fail to see the stigma attached to the child being labeled and processed like some kind of lab rat , and they fail to acknowledge the record of failure for all of their " interventions . "
Most important , they fail to even consider that the problem may be with the school and not with the child .
But it is not only the fate of the so - called " Speders " ( a term used by a Special Education teacher I knew to describe his students ) that concerns me here .
The students we label as " gifted and talented " or " honors " are also being emasculated by our schools .
They , in fact , are the more frightening because , unlike the " troublemakers " who at least show the spark of resistance , the " gifted " completely surrender themselves .
Being labeled gifted means entering a fiercely competitive world of point mongering and grade grubbing .
Honor students work extraordinarily hard to please their teachers and other authority figures .
In academics , they fight for every point and are always looking for " extra credit . "
Typically , the parents of these students are also highly involved ( i.e. applying pressure ) and express tremendous concern about their son's or daughter 's grades .
At parent - teacher conferences , it is only grades in fact that come up for discussion — never learning .
For the honor student , getting a " C " ( and for some even a " B " ) on a major test , project or ( God forbid ! ) on a report card brings on a personal and family crisis .
It never occurs to these students or to their parents that these grades are merely the subjective evaluations of their teachers who know little to nothing about the person they are evaluating .
Indeed , the parents know little to nothing about the teacher doing the evaluating .
Nevertheless , the honor student 's self - esteem and parental approval is completely tied to the teacher - assigned letter grades .
In addition to obsessing over grades , honor students also join many clubs and go out for competitive sports .
Many times they do this because they actually enjoy such activity , but just as often they join for the same reason they fight for grades — because it is expected of them and because they believe it is the key to getting into a big - name university .
The life of the typical honor student is a life of frenetic activity , competition , homework and anxiety .
Rarely is there time for reflection , solitude or contentment .
Upon graduation from high school , many honor students know only that they are to go to college .
As for what they want to do with their lives or what their real passion is , most have no clue .
Many will never know .
Walden Thoreau , Henry David Best Price : $ 5.90 Buy New null ( as of 03:00 EST - Details )
As for learning , most adults I know have forgotten most of the subjects they allegedly learned in school ( even those they got A's and B's in ) , and what they do remember is usually politically correct nonsense .
Witness how many parents are unable to help their children with their homework .
We learn only those things we genuinely want to learn .
Forcing students to take classes in subjects they are either uninterested in or not ready for is pointless and only frustrates student and teacher alike .
At best , teachers in our public schools are mere entertainers filling the dreary hours of the school day .
Despite all the clever classroom activities , worksheets , and projects , how many former high school honor students ten years after graduation can still factor a quadratic equation , prove a geometry theorem or explain and classify the different types of rock in the Earth 's crust ?
Unless they are professional mathematicians or geologists , who really cares if they can ?
In my own field of social studies , we are dealing less with learning and more with political indoctrination .
How many adults believe , for example , that Lincoln freed the slaves , FDR ended the Great Depression , and that labor unions are responsible for America 's relatively high standard of living ?
Unfortunately , it seems the only thing students actually do remember from their government - provided education is the government 's propaganda .
One has to wonder , in fact , if such indoctrination has been the purpose of government schooling all along .
How else but through indoctrination does one explain people 's willingness to vote to raise their own taxes , sacrifice themselves or their children to the government 's military , or continue to hold to an almost cult - like belief in a system that has an unbroken record of failure ?
To get a sense of the damage , compare the attitude of today 's typical American with that of our non-schooled ancestors .
The spirited self - reliance , daring and individualism that once defined the American character have been replaced by a docile dependency and mindless conformity .
We teachers tell ourselves that we are preparing our students for adult life , but nothing about our schools even remotely resembles mature adult life .
At school , students are segregated by age and ordered about all day given little choice in what they do , when they do it or how they do it .
Students are never alone , and they are constantly being watched and judged .
Is it any wonder that many students resent such treatment and act out in immature and anti-social ways ?
Given the pressures and alienation of school life , is it any wonder that cheating , lying , evasion of responsibility , and other forms of unethical behavior are the norm ?
Students typically survive all this and move on , of course .
Once free of the system and all of its perversity , most ( but not all ) students finally start displaying mature adult behavior .
Some even go on to successful and satisfying careers and make a great deal of money .
We count these students as our successes whether we had anything to do with their success or not .
As for the failures , we teachers generally blame the failures on bad parenting or on social and economic ills we , of course , played no part in creating .
Schools take credit but never accept responsibility .
This spring , my daughter Julia will turn four , and my wife Tina and I have begun to consider her future education .
One thing for sure is that she will not be attending a public school .
Unfortunately , most private schools are little better — patterned as they are on the same dysfunctional and coercive model as the public ones .
While most public school teachers are well meaning and sincere , they must work within a corrupt system , and they are co-opted by that system 's financial rewards .
As much as teachers try to treat their students with respect , they are compelled to enforce oppressive rules over which neither they nor their captive students have any say .
As much as teachers try to motivate their students and share their enthusiasm , they mostly end up forcing themselves on students who would rather be somewhere else doing something else .
And finally , as much as teachers wish to offer help and meaningful feedback , they instead end up spending most of their time judging their students — grading papers , administering tests and entering point totals in grade books .
Students come and go through our crowded classrooms , and we are rarely afforded the luxury of getting to know any of them .
Many teachers who went into teaching with high ideals and enthusiasm find themselves near the end of their careers tired and frustrated and counting the days until they can retire .
So , what might a real education look like ?
My wife and I are currently looking into Sudbury schools both for Julia and for her father .
Though radically different from anything most parents have ever heard of , I believe such non-coercive , student - centered , and democratically run schools offer the best hope for the future .
To be effective , schools must reject the idea that learning must be forced on children and the idea that all children must learn the same things in the same way at the same time .
Naturally curious , children must be given time and space to shape their own learning experience and pursue that which interests them .
Schools must also reject the destructive and demoralizing practice of grading , testing , and ranking that waste so much time and energy in the current system .
Instead , students must learn to evaluate their own success and failure and to adjust their efforts and direction accordingly .
Finally , schools must end the practice of age segregation .
School must afford children the opportunity to interact with and learn from people of all ages and not just spend time with their age - group peers and adult authority figures .
In short , schools must be a secure microcosm of the real world where children are afforded rights while still being held accountable for their actions .
The vision outlined above is a radical change from the status quo .
For it to become reality for anyone outside the currently very small community of Sudbury parents and students , we must make a complete break with past practice .
Political pseudo - reforms including " No Child Left Behind " and its mind - numbing testing regimes must be rejected ; they are nothing more than a corrupt and failing system 's attempt to disguise its malignancy .
Government - funded charter schools ( now fashionable among anti-public school conservatives ) must also be seen for what they are — an attempt by the public school establishment to co-opt and ultimately destroy legitimate private school competition .
Our public schools are long past sick , and they are incapable of reform .
They have become brain - eating , spirit - killing zombies operating not for the benefit of their students but for the benefit of those who work in them and those who profit by doing business with them .
The big teacher 's unions , educational bureaucrats , education professors , teacher colleges , textbook publishers , and educational testing companies all profit from the status quo .
They will not give up what they have without a fight .
Because of the power these organized interests exert on all levels of government , change must come not from politics but from parental initiative .
We parents must recognize the harm public schools are doing to our children and simply pull them out .
Then we must actively seek out and if necessary create private alternatives independent of government funding and control .
This year is my nineteenth year teaching in a government school , and I am hopeful it will be my last .
On the financial side , my school has been good to me .
I now make well over $ 100,000 a year , live in a luxurious house , have comfortable savings , excellent benefits , job security ( tenure ) , and if I chose to , I could retire in just six more years at age fifty - five .
In addition , the taxpayer - funded pension I would collect ( I will not say " earn " ) would pay me more for not working than the vast majority of the taxpayers make by working .
It will be difficult to give all that up , and it is hard not to be tempted or corrupted by it .
I have tried to convince myself that by staying where I am , I can somehow change this evil system from within or that I might somehow be able to save a few students from its consequences , but these schools are what they are and the powerful and rapacious interests that control them will never yield or change .
As for my influence on students , whatever I might say to a student is undermined by what I do .
No , the best thing I can do for my students and for my family is set a good example and leave .
I plan to continue teaching but not in a public school or anything that resembles one .
In preparation for my departure from government employment , my wife and I will be significantly downsizing our home and lifestyle , but come what may , my daughter Julia will receive the finest education we can provide for her — one that respects her rights , nurtures her dreams and treats her with dignity .
She will grow to be proud of herself and where she comes from and so will her mom and dad .
The Best of Jerome Kohn
Invitée au JT de TF1 mercredi soir , la première secrétaire du PS a cherché à effacer sa récente polémique sur une retraite à 61 voire 62 ans .
Après avoir suscité la polémique la semaine dernière sur la retraite , Martine Aubry a dissipé mardi les malentendus sur la position du PS .
La direction du parti a réaffirmé à l'unanimité la " défense " de l'âge légal de départ à la retraite à 60 ans .
Les propos de la première secrétaire , qui avait évoqué le 17 janvier un départ à la retraite pouvant intervenir à 61 voire 62 ans , avaient suscité la controverse dans son camp sur un sujet sensible .
Invitée du journal de TF1 , Martine Aubry a mis les points sur les i : " nous pensons que chaque Français doit continuer à avoir le droit de partir à 60 ans , c'est le cas aujourd ' hui , ça doit rester un droit " .
[ Offre limitée ] Spécial rentrée .
1 € par mois
Je m'abonne
Une position appuyée , une heure auparavant , par un vote à l'unanimité du Bureau national du PS .
Texte préparé par sa numéro un elle - même .
L'âge légal du départ à la retraite à 60 ans , " c'est - à - dire la possibilité de faire valoir ses droits , quel que soit le montant de sa retraite " , a - t - elle déclaré .
" C'est le seul droit encore attaché à l'âge légal de départ à la retraite et nous le défendrons " , souligne le PS , au sujet de cette réforme emblématique de l'ère Mitterrand .
Les grandes lignes du texte
Le texte stipule aussi que les salariés qui ont occupé des " emplois pénibles " doivent bénéficier d'une " retraite anticipée " .
Dans ce texte de trois pages , le PS précise " ses grandes orientations " en particulier la sauvegarde du " système par répartition " , avec " un niveau de pension permettant aux retraités de vivre correctement " .
Il insiste aussi sur " l'introduction de nouvelles ressources " pour financer les retraites , notamment le prélèvement de cotisations sur les stocks - options et " l'alimentation du fonds de réserve des retraites " .
Mais la première secrétaire a redit aussi , comme elle l'avait fait la semaine dernière , que " beaucoup de Français partent à 61 et 62 ans " pour avoir une retraite à taux plein .
Elle propose qu'ils puissent partir " plus tôt " , quand ils ont commencé à travailler à 17 ou 18 ans " .
Discuter avec Nicolas Sarkozy
La maire de Lille s'est dite une nouvelle fois prête à discuter avec le président Nicolas Sarkozy d'une réforme de la retraite , alors que lundi soir sur TF1 , le chef d'Etat lui avait lui dit banco .
Mais , pour elle , les organisations syndicales doivent être " les premières à parler avec le chef de l'Etat " .
Elles sont " prioritaires " mais " nous sommes prêts à venir dans une discussion " , " nous sommes des gens responsables et serons à notre place pour faire des propositions " , a - t - elle dit .
Rappelant le niveau de chômage élevé des seniors , elle a lancé à l'adresse de Nicolas Sarkozy : " relancez le pays et l'emploi , et on pourra parler de la réforme des retraites ! " .
These days , it seems , there is no shortage of recommendations for fixing the way bonuses are paid to executives at big public companies .
Well , I have my own recommendation : Scrap the whole thing .
Do n't pay any bonuses .
Nothing .
This may sound extreme .
But when you look at the way the compensation game is played — and the assumptions that are made by those who want to reform it — you can come to no other conclusion .
The system simply can't be fixed .
Executive bonuses — especially in the form of stock and option grants — represent the most prominent form of legal corruption that has been undermining our large corporations and bringing down the global economy .
Get rid of them and we will all be better off for it .
The failings of the current system — and the executives who live by it — are painfully obvious .
Although these executives like to think of themselves as leaders , when it comes to their pay practices , many of them have n't been demonstrating leadership at all .
Instead they 've been acting like gamblers — except that the games they play are hopelessly rigged in their favor .
First , they play with other people 's money — the stockholders ' , not to mention the livelihoods of their employees and the sustainability of their institutions .
N.J. Grenade Launcher Suspect Was a Navy Deserter Man arrested with weapons cache went AWOL from USS Orion more than 10 years ago .
Jan. 26 , 2010  --
The man arrested in New Jersey with a cache of weapons that included a grenade launcher was a U.S. Navy deserter , a spokesman for the Navy said today .
According to naval records , Woodson served on the USS Orion beginning in February 1988 until he deserted in April 1989 .
He was returned to Navy custody eight years later and discharged soon after .
Navy spokesman Lt. Justin Cole told ABCNews.com that generally speaking , those who go AWOL do not receive honorable discharges .
Local authorities in Branchburg Township , N.J. , arrested Woodson , of Reston , Va. , Monday after responding to a call about a man acting suspiciously , according to a report by the Somerset County Prosecutor 's Office .
When the first officers on the scene originally questioned Woodson , he became " extremely nervous " and fled from the cops into a trailer park .
He was subsequently found hiding in the bushes nearby , and police tackled him after he attempted another escape on foot , prosecutors said .
When he was arrested , Woodson was wearing a bulletproof vest and was carrying a high - powered rifle under a long military - style jacket with several clips of hollow - point ammunition .
Later , investigators found the cache of weapons , which in addition to a grenade launcher , included another high - powered rifle , a night vision scope , a police scanner , a head scarf that looked Middle Eastern , a map of a military installation and a map of an out - of - state civilian community .
Hundreds of rounds for each rifle were also found .
The serial numbers for the rifles had been defaced , apparently to hinder an investigation into their origins .
Though prosecutors said they were still investigating Woodson 's intentions , the FBI told ABCNews.com that the incident was " not a terrorism thing . "
" We just went out there and investigated , met with the folks that were the local authorities , " Special Agent Bryan Travers , an FBI public affairs officer , told ABCNews.com .
" We determined it was n't a terrorism thing . "
Woodson is being held at the Somerset County Jail on several felony weapons charges .
Bail has been set at $ 75,000 .
" In our experience , for private citizens to have this type of armament is quite unusual in Somerset County , " Somerset County Prosecutor Wayne Forrest told New Jersey 's Star Ledger Monday .
" If you 're over in Afghanistan , it would n't be rare . "
Feds : Incident Not Terror - Related
The FBI and local Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives joined in the investigation but determined that despite the firepower , the incident was not terror - related .
" Woodson does not appear to have a link to any known terrorist groups , nor a specific terrorist plot , " the FBI said in a statement .
" However , the matter is still under investigation , and these should only be considered preliminary findings . "
According to former FBI agent and ABC News consultant Brad Garrett , the bureau walks a fine line when determining what constitutes a terror plot .
" Could you argue that Timothy McVeigh [ Oklahoma City bomber ] was a terrorist ?
Most people would clearly say that he's a homegrown terrorist , " Garrett said .
" But unless you can link [ Woodson ] with a group , they [ the FBI ] would probably say ' No . '
" For whatever reason , they feel like this does n't rise to be prosecuted in federal court .
...
Just because they 've done that , does n't mean they wo n't change their mind , " he said .
It not known whether Woodson has retained a lawyer , and no legal counsel appeared with him in court today .
Military - Grade Weapons Among Us
In addition to the grenade launcher , one of the two rifles was modified to fire .50 - caliber rounds , the same rounds used in many anti-tank rifles .
Such firepower is not often seen outside military bases or distant battlefields .
But it 's hardly the first time military - grade weapons have appeared in relatively sleepy American towns .
When authorities arrested a former Marine Jan. 12 on rape allegations , investigators reported finding several firearms , including a grenade launcher in Duncan , Okla . , according to The Associated Press .
On Jan. 6 , a medical internist pleaded not guilty of planting a bomb that injured a family doctor in Arkansas in February 2009 , according to a report by The Wall Street Journal .
The suspect , a registered arms dealer , had a grenade launcher and later more than 100 automatic and semi-automatic weapons were found in his home .
In another incident , police responded to a domestic disturbance call and ended up calling the bomb squad after they found a shoulder - mounted rocket launcher in an apartment in Houston Dec. 31 , 2009 , according to a report by ClicktoHouston.com .
A weapon like that can fire a missile nearly 1,000 feet high and can be used to attack buildings or tanks .
In 2007 , an anonymous arms owner took advantage of Florida 's Kicks for Guns project in which police gave out sneakers in exchange for firearms , by turning in a 4 - foot - long rocket launcher .
The man , who remained anonymous thanks to the program 's No Questions Asked policy , told the Orlando Sentinel he found the launcher in a shed near his home .
" I did n't know what to do with it , so I brought it here , " he told the newspaper .
" I took it to three dumps to try to get rid of it , and they told me to get lost . "
Aid from Venezuela bound for Haiti .
By Kiraz Janicke , Caracas
January 20 , 2010 – Venezuelanalysis.com – Venezuela has stepped up its aid effort to Haiti as a second earthquake rocked the Caribbean country again today .
This follows a 7.3 magnitude earthquake which destroyed the Haitian capital , Port - au - Prince last week leaving at least 75,000 people confirmed dead , 250,000 injured and millions homeless .
Echoing his Nicaraguan counterpart Daniel Ortega , who accused the United States of “ manipulating the tragedy to install North American troops in Haiti ” and French Secretary of State for Cooperation Alain Joyandet , who criticised the US role in Haiti , saying the priority was “ helping Haiti , not occupying Haiti ” , Venezuela ’s President Hugo Chavez also questioned the US military response to the disaster .
“ It seems that the United States is militarily occupying Haiti , taking advantage of the tragedy , 6000 soldiers have arrived .
Thousands are disembarking in Haiti as if it were a war ” , Chávez said during his weekly television program Alo Presidente on January 18 .
Haiti “ needs doctors , tents , rescue teams and machinery …
Now , who said soldiers , rifles and machine guns are necessary ? ” , he asked .
As of January 20 , the US has donated US $ 130 million ( according to US AID ) , sent more than 11,200 military personal , 265 government medical personal , five Navy ships , as well as five Coast Guard cutters and seven cargo planes “ to assist in aid delivery , support and evacuations ” , Associated Press ( AP ) reported .
The US has delivered “ more than 90,000 pounds ” or 40 metric tonnes of aid and supplies the AP report continued .
The US has also taken control of the airport at Port - au - Prince .
Military logistics prioritsed
Aid organisation Doctors Without Borders has also criticised the US prioritisation of military logistics over food and medical aid , saying planes carrying urgently needed surgical equipment and drugs have been turned away five times , even though the agency received prior authorisation to land .
“ Urgent and vital attention to the people has been delayed [ for ] military logistics ” , Francoise Saulnier , head of the Doctors Without Borders legal department was quoted by Reuters today .
“ So it 's just apocalyptic at the moment with people in a very , very bad and deteriorating condition , ” she added .
Venezuela was the first country to send aid after the disaster struck on January 12 , with an advance team of doctors , search and rescue experts , as well as food , water , medical supplies and rescue equipment arriving in Port - au - Prince on the morning of January 13 .
However , Venezuela 's foreign minister Nicholas Maduro said since than aid shipments to Haiti were being diverted via neighbouring Dominican Republic to avoid restrictions imposed by the US at Port - au - Prince airport .
So far Venezuela has sent 616 metric tons of food aid and 116 metric tons of equipment , including water purification systems , electrical generators and heavy equipment for moving rubble .
Venezuela , the largest oil exporter in South America , is also sending free fuel to the devastated country , with Chavez pledging , “ The Venezuelan people will donate all the fuel the Haitian people need . ”
The fuel will be used to operate power plants and public transportation .
“ We are coordinating with the president of the Dominican Republic Leonel Fernández , who put the terminal of the refinery of his country at our service ” , the Venezuelan president continued .
A tanker with 225,000 barrels ( worth approximately $ 18 million ) of diesel fuel and gasoline departed from Venezuela on January 18 .
The Venezuela - Cuba initiated Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of our Americas ( ALBA ) fair trade bloc , which also includes Bolivia , Ecuador , Nicaragua , Dominica , Antigua and Barbados , and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , has also sent two ships carrying 4761 metric tons of food aid .
Speaking at the inauguration of the San Agustín cable car system in Caracas today , Chavez announced that another five ships loaded with food and medical supplies departed for Haiti yesterday , adding , “ We have sent one or two Venezuelan soldiers to support and protect the safety of everyone there , but not to militarily occupy them as the US intends to do . ”
He said the Venezuelan government is doing everything in its power to provide as much help as possible while at the same time respecting the independence and sovereignty of Haiti .
Chavez pointed out that Haiti was the first free republic in Latin America , and called for reflection on the situation of poverty in the Caribbean country , for which he said capitalism is responsible .
“ We all need to help the Haitians .
Long live the people of Haiti ! ” , he urged .
[ Kiraz Janicke is a member of the Socialist Alliance of Australia resident in Venezuela . ]
Published under a Creative Commons license ( by - nc-nd ) .
Seefor more information .
Ignoring internet " trolls " is the best way to deter people who surf the internet picking fights and abusing people on discussion forums , says an expert .
ABC News
Online this week scrapped its ' Open for Comment ' panel in a bid to deter trolls , who constantly start arguments and hurl abuse at other participants .
The move has been criticised by some people , as has ABC policy to moderate comments before posting them to the site .
The role of moderator is to act as a filter to keep debate civil , constructive and on topic .
But some feel it is a form of censorship .
" If you start trying to decide what 's worthy of being posted then the comments section will be nothing but an extension of the moderator 's ego and opinion ( as it is now ) .
Vibrant debate and content worth reading will only thrive under a low censorship policy , " said ABC commenter , Az .
But others agree with the idea of moderation .
" I find a lack of civility predominates and on occasions it becomes quite abusive ...
My concerns are not about an inability to handle ' robust debate ' or the ' emotional nature of things ' .
It is the deliberate attempts to belittle other people , " said News Online reader , Annie .
Dr Jason Wilson , lecturer in digital communications at Wollongong University , says many people like to hide behind the mask of anonymity on the internet .
" It allows you to say things you may not say face - to - face or under your own name because you do n't have to take responsibility for those comments , " he said .
Reformed troll ' Mozart 's Ghost ' says many people get into trolling for the " thrill " of it .
" You suss out what bothers particular users , get to know them and their weaknesses and play on them , " he told ABC News Online .
" You try and engage them in some sort of debate based on logic when you do n't really care .
You 'll say anything just to get them to waste their time talking to you . "
He says more seasoned trolls generally learn how to cleverly word their abuse in order to slip past moderators .
" You 've got to be a lot smarter than that - that 's level one of trolling , " he said .
" You 've got to get to level five where you 're more subtle and subversive where people do n't actually know if you 're serious or not .
It really mucks with people 's minds . "
Dr Wilson says crying censorship is a common complaint from trolls .
" There 's a number of tried and true tactics that you 'll find trolls using - saying something that 's completely unacceptable and then immediately resorting to that complaint that they 're being censored , " he said .
Ironically , Mozart 's Ghost is now " on the forces of good " and runs an internet forum .
Do n't feed the trolls
He says the best way to make a troll go away is to simply ignore them .
" You can hardly go back into a thread and post if the last post is yours , " he said .
" If you just ignore us , it 's probably a good tactic because we do want some material we can come back at you with . "
Dr Wilson agrees that the best way to take a troll down is to not react .
" People who run blogs and moderate comments need to be firm and not let any of this stuff through , " he said .
" The good old motto is ' do n't feed the troll ' .
Do n't acknowledge them , do n't give them attention , do n't react because that 's what they want . "
He says in his experience , serial trolls tend to be men up to the age of about 30 and sometimes they can take things too far .
" [ I 've heard about ] threats of violence , various kinds of low - level stalking , " he said .
" It 's something that does happen and people really do go after each other when they 're having blog wars and what have you .
" But that happens in the mainstream media as well - people get vilified and attacked by mainstream journos as well , so it 's all swings and roundabouts really . "
The following feisty players get it done on and off the ice .
In this case , off the ice is the 2 to 5 minutes they spend per visit in the sin bin after a minor or major infraction – a place they know very well indeed .
We are definitely not talking Lady Being candidates here !
The toughest NHL Players
For this review , I have arbitrarily chosen 100 PIM per 82 games last season ( pro-rated as necessary ) as the minimum amount to qualify for these rankings .
Let ’s take a look at the Top 10 forwards first , with a follow up article on the Top 10 defenseman in this category to come .
10 . David Clarkson :
He stepped up his game in his second full season , almost becoming a member of the elusive 20 - 20 club ; 20 goals and 20 fighting majors – falling just 3 goals shy .
It ’ll be interesting to monitor if he can turn that trick this season .
In the following tilt , Clarkson does what a good many hockey fans would love nothing more to do – throw headshots at Sean Avery .
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoytsAY5bvA
9. Brandon Dubinsky :
The two - way forward possesses leadership skills and does what he has to do to help his team win .
He notched 41 points on the year to go with 112 PIMs .
One of his greatest games of the season came on November 24 , 2008 , when he scored a Gordie Howe hat trick against the Phoenix Coyotes .
He squared off against Daniel Carcillo protecting the Rangers ’ netminder Henrik Lundqvist in the first , taking a 5 minute major for fighting to get the donnybrooks portion out of the way .
In the second period , he then scored a wraparound goal , which turned out to be the game winner .
Dubinsky then completed the ‘ Gordie ’ with an assist to Dan Girardi , who scored a power play goal from the blue line in the third stanza .
The Rangers won the game 4 - 1 and Dubinsky along with Lundqvist and Zherdev were named the three stars .
From Wikipedia , then “ Ranger coach Tom Renney called the feat a ‘ Gordie Orr hat trick ’ claiming that Dubinsky ‘ did n’t do that well in the fight . ”
8. Steve Ott : “ Otter ” also landed the # 4 position in THW ’s Rafal Ladasz ’s Top 10 Dirty Players list .
The abrasive and fearless checking forward registered an impressive 46 points in 64 games , while spending the equivalent of about 7 games ( based on his ice time ) in the penalty box .
Ott showed some class and insight in picking up for Jarome Iginla in the Ethan Moreau accident / incident , stating Pat Quinn ’s subsequent comments were very harsh ( Calgary Herald ) .
7. Milan Lucic : After his 1st place finish in THW ’s Top Hitters list , “ Luch ” might be a little disappointed with his placing here .
The 6 ’ 4 ” , 220 lb savvy 2nd round pick of the Bruins recently had the Bruins show him the money in signing a 3 year , $ 12.25 million contract .
Lucic ’s exploits in his breakout sophomore campaign are well documented .
42 points in 72 regular season games and 9 points in 10 playoff games , all managed while spending 136 minutes as a sin bin , front row spectator .
6. Alexandre Burrows : From an undrafted QMJHL grad to being named Canada ’s top ball hockey player in 2006 to Canucks role player to Canucks unsung hero .
This agitator supreme has added a scoring touch to his game with a breakout 28 goal campaign and has already scored 3 goals in 5 games this season , spending some time on the top line with the Sedins .
The gritty , pesky two - way forward finished tied for 17th in the league with 150 minutes in the sin bin .
5. David Backes : Amazingly , the only player to finish in the top 10 in the NHL in total penalty minutes , but with less than 5 fighting majors .
He had three fighting majors .
Shane O’Brien ’s nine fighting majors made him the only other in the top 10 with less than 10 fights under their belt .
4. Scott Hartnell : “ Bird Dogg ” ( his nickname ) has been in the sports headlines recently for allegedly snacking on Kris Letang ’s finger .
Hartnell continued to rack up the penalty minutes last season and was also a 30:30 man – notching 30 goals and 30 assists .
The young power forward is known for his poise , defensive play and versatility – able to play all three forward positions .
3. Corey Perry :
One - third of THW ’s proclaimed third best line in hockey , is a deft stick - handler with outstanding offensive instincts .
He maintains his agitator ability , but will likely be looked upon to decrease his penchant for taking bad penalties .
You do n’t want to take away from a player with his ability on how he plays the game , but the Ducks need this guy on the ice and not taking in the great views the sin bin has to offer .
2. Brenden Morrow :
It was almost easy to overlook Morrow given that he only played 18 games last season .
The ultracompetitive forward made his presence felt in those games though with 15 points and 49 PIMs – on pace for 223 , which would have been good enough for second in the league .
The captain of the Stars is one of the best two - way power forwards in the league .
His presence was sorely missed last season with his knee injury .
He is out of the blocks fast this season with 5 points in 4 games .
1. Ryan Getzlaf :
It ’s quite amazing to see a guy who registered 91 points , good enough for 6th in league scoring , to be even be mentioned amongst these guys , let alone come out on top of the list .
Getzlaf is a rare blend of a power physical player with one with a superior offensive acumen for the game .
The 24 year old ’s game also seems better suited for the professional game than the junior game .
He has taken his scoring to the next level since arriving in the big league .
Like the 3rd ranked Corey Perry ( his linemate ) , Ryan is not immune from taking a bad penalty .
If he can cut some of those bad calls out of his repertoire , you have to think this young gun can crack the 100 point plateau .
* Honorable Mentions :
The Stadium Pal Kit
This is the ultimate portable urinal for men because it provides a convenient way to relief yourself on the go .
The kit includes : 7 male external catheters , an 18 ″ flexible hose with connector , 2 latex free straps and a pee bag to collect the urine .
A completely discrete and safe to wear for almost any occasion .
For convenience or as a tool during recovery from prostate surgery .
The fact is that this portable urinal allows for complete freedom without worrying about where the closest restroom is .
BUY STADIUM PAL KIT
Many transactions are carried out in cash in Iran
Iran 's central bank has said defaced banknotes are to be made invalid , after the appearance of opposition slogans on money , local media report .
They quote bank official Ebrahim Darvishi as saying that people possessing defaced banknotes should exchange them by 8 January .
It was difficult to distinguish genuine defaced notes from fakes , he added .
Messages in support of the opposition have been appearing on banknotes since June 's disputed presidential election .
Hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected in the poll - a move that triggered mass street protests by the opposition who claimed the election was rigged .
' Death to dictator '
" Banknotes on which there are writings or are stamped or have any additional signs will be invalid , " Iran 's Jam-e Jam newspaper quoted Mr Darvishi as saying on Thursday .
The bank official also called on the public and shop owners not accept such notes from 8 January .
Since June 's election , slogans such as " Death to the dictator " have appeared on many Iranian banknotes .
Opposition supporters have also sprayed anti-government graffiti on walls in the capital Tehran and other cities .
Many transactions are carried out in cash in Iran , which is under international banking sanctions and where major credit cards can not be used .
More than 2100 unique locations , 1000 items and 150 different zombies and lots of other enemies
Be part of a post - apocalyptic story in a city infested by the walking dead
As a survivor you had to scavenge for ressources and build your own safehouse
No installation required .
You could play directly from your browser
More than 2100 unique locations , 1000 items and 150 different zombies and lots of other enemies
The end has come ...
Zombie Pandemic was a free browser based game developed by Pixel Pandemic which was launched in March 2009 and was closed down 31st of May 2015 .
The game featured the player as a survivor in a zombie - infested city where you had to scavenge resources , build your own safehouses and fight the hordes of walking dead .
The game featured MMORPG gameplay such as enriched RPG elements , storydriven missions , advanced combat , random events and an inventory with hundreds of weapons to battle the more than 175 unique NPC opponents in a grid based map with more than 9000 locations .
The development team thanks for six great years and those who contributed to the game development or supported the games .
Check the alltime highscore
What the hell does ' $ 145 million is made from mobile services daily ' mean ?
Mobile services ?
ALL OF THEM ?
$ 145 million seems awfully small .
After over a year of existence , PlayStation Home is still struggling to find its place .
Despite a wealth of game - themed spaces and even an alternate reality game , there is n't much to do while in Home , something that 's been a problem for the service from the very beginning .
Enter Sodium One .
The curiously named Home space is being billed by Sony as the " next evolutionary step " of the platform .
Unfortunately , it 's little more than a new area to walk around and a few new minigames to play .
The main draw of Sodium One is a mini - game called Salt Shooter .
This has you taking control over some sort of hover tank and taking out waves of enemies in an arcade - style experience .
It 's fairly straightforward , as the battles take place in wide - open arenas and the ships you 're up against feature little in the way of variety .
Fallen enemies will drop both health and parts , which can be used to upgrade your craft in between stages .
You will also unlock new upgrades — like missiles and other weapons — to use against increasingly powerful foes .
It sports futuristic , boxy , WipEout style visuals that move smoothly considering how quickly everything happens .
The controls , meanwhile , use a dual - stick set - up that takes some time to get used to .
You move left - to - right with the left stick , the right stick controls your direction of fire , and the right trigger fires .
Overall it 's a pretty solid experience , though not particularly evolutionary .
It 's also not completely free - to - play .
The first five levels are free , but to play beyond that requires some real - world dollars .
This takes the form of a pilot jacket that gives you access to the remainder of the experience .
Wrapped around the Salt Shooter minigame is a game world not unlike Home itself .
In fact , aside from some aesthetic changes , it 's identical .
You 'll be inundated with flashing lights , high - energy music , and lots of screens displaying everything from Twitter updates to what appear to be fictional commercials .
There are a few distractions to keep you busy : you can stomp on robotic scorpions or go to a club and play a strange soda drinking minigame .
There is also a series of goals to accomplish — things such as registering your e-mail or killing 50 scorpions — relayed to you by an android named Vickie .
There 's not much incentive to actually complete these goals , though .
And , of course , you can shop .
Littered throughout Sodium
One are what 's called " commerce points , " which essentially serve as virtual vending machines where you can purchase clothing for your Home avatar .
It 's incredibly disappointing just how predictable Sodium One is , though not entirely unexpected .
What was pitched as an MMO - like experience really boils down to a few more mini-games and a new skin for the Home universe .
And while the core experience of Salt Shooter is enjoyable , it 's not really enough to make venturing into Home worthwhile , especially considering the fact you have to pay to get the whole experience .
Still , the jury found the article defamatory because it had not fully proved the accuracy of all of its content .
The jury faulted the newspaper , for instance , for not noting that the officer had received a limited amount of rescue training when he was a member of the Canadian military and it disputed the newspaper ’s suggestion that the former officer ’s inexperience disrupted rescue efforts .
“ There ’s probably going to be a fear that it ’s now the Wild West and we can run off and do whatever we want , ” said Gerry Nott , the editor in chief of The Ottawa Citizen .
“ But the decision does n’t approve recklessness . ”
To guide judges and juries , the court laid out a number of signs of responsible reporting , including efforts to obtain comment from all sides of a story .
“ This gives journalists a step - by - step test they should follow , ” said Mary Agnes Welch , president of the Canadian Association of Journalists and a reporter at The Winnipeg Free Press in Manitoba .
“ It ’s something to hang your hat on . ”
The court also offered very broad suggestions for determining if a newspaper article , broadcast news report , blog posting or any other form of communication was in the public interest and thus potentially covered by the new libel defense  regardless of whether its author is a professional journalist .
But Mr. Nott acknowledged that this standard might prove to be a matter of further public and legal debate .
“ It ’s going to have a significant impact on the relationship that exists between the media and the public , ” said Ronald F. Caza , the lawyer who represented the former police officer .
Mr. Caza said that the subjects of news stories “ may have to be very proactive to make sure that relevant information is provided to journalists . ”
In the second case , a forestry executive had been awarded $ 1.42 million after The Toronto Star published an article suggesting that the man had used his friendship and political connections with a former premier of Ontario to essentially circumvent the approval process for reviewing plans to expand a golf course .
The addition of six holes to the course required the use of government land and had provoked a battle with neighbors over its environmental impact .
Brazilians are world famous for their friendliness and so the handshakes , hugs and high fives were not unexpected .
But they were not much compensation for the fact that I was locked in a room full of Command Vermelho ( Red Command ) prisoners – one of the deadliest armed groups in the world today – and the only guard on duty was down the other end of the corridor behind a bolted metal grill .
I was being shown around a police lock - up in Rio de Janeiro by activists from Rio da Paz ( Rio of Peace ) who greeted the prisoners with equal enthusiasm .
There were 600 people crammed into a two - wing block , each of which contained five cells with space for about 12 bunks in each .
The heat was incredible and bodies were sprawled everywhere as people took it in turn to get some rest .
Despite the friendliness , the atmosphere of underlying violence was extremely apparent .
Rio is an undeclared war zone .
A few weeks ago 12 people died in a single day in gun battles between Comando Vermelho and Amigos dos Amigos ( Friends of Friends ) during which a police helicopter was shot down .
The police killed 1,137 people in Rio last year , down from their record of 1,330 the previous year , but still comparable with the total killed in Gaza during Israel 's last offensive or the annual total in Darfur in recent years .
Brazil 's criminal gangs recruit most of their members in prison and organise many of their activities from there .
Comando Vermelho controlled one of the wings that we were in while Amigos dos Amigos and Terceiro Commando ( Third Force ) were on the other .
" They would not last five minutes if they found themselves on the wrong wing , " I was told .
" What if someone is not in a gang when they are arrested ? " I asked .
" The authorities just assign them to one in that case . "
Viewed from this perspective the 200 % increase in the number of pre-trial detainees being held in Brazil that has occurred in the last 10 years is quite alarming .
Many of the people being held have only been charged with extremely minor offences – such as shoplifting – but administrative inefficiencies in the conduct of trials means that it is not uncommon for them to spend longer on remand than their final sentence .
Many should not even be there at all .
The Brazilian judiciary have recently reopened the files in a number of states and found that around 20 % of the people currently in prison should be released and a further 30 % moved to lower security .
Locking up petty thieves with hardened killers also provides the gangs with a steady stream of new recruits .
Their leaders are responsible for the day to day administration of many prisons , controlling the distribution of food , medicine , and hygiene kits and enforcing whatever internal discipline exists .
Two and half years ago the Primeiro Comando da Capital ( PCC ) , São Paulo 's most powerful crime gang , launched a series of co-ordinated attacks against police officers and prison staff in a protest over prison conditions , which resulted in around 450 killings .
The PCC was initially formed by a group of prisoners to " avenge the death of 111 prisoners " who were killed during the suppression of a prison protest in 1992 .
Brazil is a good country to be a criminal because police detection rates for crime are very low and the legal system is so convoluted that trials can be drawn out for years .
Its laws and constitution provide a whole range of rights and privileges to those who can hire private lawyers to claim them , but its legal aid system is weak to nonexistent and around 80 % of its prison inmates are too poor to afford a lawyer .
Documenting what is wrong with the current system is comparatively easy – although there are surprisingly few recent reports on the situation from groups like Amnesty International – it is knowing what to do about it that is the hard part .
For years , human rights groups have called for new laws and institutions – which the Brazilian government is actually quite happy to introduce – but have largely ignored the dysfunctionality of the system as a whole .
Brazil has entrenched the full range of human rights into its constitution and has some of the most liberal penal laws in the world .
The problem is that – faced with one of the world 's highest rates of violent crime – the people responsible for enforcing these laws are conspiring together to ensure that they do n't work .
Groups such as Rio da Paz and the Catholic church 's Pastoral Carceraria , who are prepared to visit prisoners and provide them with basic assistance , are very few and far between , but with the state almost completely abdicating its responsibilities for penal management they are the only chance that most prisoners have got .
Prison numbers are increasing across the country at a rate of 3,000 a month , so the pressure is now building at an alarming rate .
It costs money to keep people locked up and money spent on prisons cannot be spent on developing alternative programmes .
Imprisoning people for relatively minor offences has also been shown to be counterproductive and more likely to turn them into repeat offenders than a non-custodial sentence .
There are , therefore , strong utilitarian reasons for trying to reduce the number of people that are sent to prison in Brazil and to use imprisonment only as a last resort .
However , Brazil is not the only country in the world to be pursuing the opposite policy .
Prison numbers are going up across the world and Brazil offers a frightening glimpse into what the future consequences of this could be .
GMH : School nurse pandemic plan did n't work out
“ They really did n’t want to work here . , " the hospital administrator said .
Baltimore Mayor Sheila Dixon was convicted today of buying $ 500 of electronics for herself using gift cards intended for the city 's poor children .
She was found guilty on a misdemeanor charge of fraudulent misappropriation that could force her from office .
The jury cleared her of three felony counts .
Under Maryland law , Dixon , 55 , can serve until she is sentenced .
A date has not been set .
She still has other legal troubles .
She faces a March 1 trial on perjury charges for allegedly not reporting gifts from a married developer with whom she had an affair , including $ 4,000 she allegedly used to pay her American Express bill .
The Baltimore Sun and New York Times have details .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
During hearings this morning on the Flight 253 incident , Sen .
John McCain repeated the now - debunked claim that the suspected bomber had bought a one - way ticket to Detroit from Nigeria .
The administration official testifying tries to correct McCain , but he will have none of it .
Watch .
Ukraine 's prime minister , Yulia Tymoshenko , last night appeared to have forced a runoff in the race to become the country 's new president , closing the gap on her chief rival , Viktor Yanukovich , enough to ensure that the pair will have to face each other again in a deciding vote next month .
Exit polls showed Yanukovich winning the most votes in yesterday 's presidential election , but analysts expect Tymoshenko to pick up a higher proportion of second round votes from defeated candidates .
They say Yanukovich may struggle to extend his appeal beyond his support base in Russian - speaking eastern Ukraine .
Exit polls showed Yanukovich , 59 , a former prime minister who was declared president until the country 's Orange revolution of 2004 , won 31 - 38 % of the vote .
Tymoshenko , 49 , who helped to lead the pro-western revolution against his victory and is most popular in the European - leaning west of the country , scored between 25 and 27 % .
With only a fraction of votes counted , first official results showed Yanukovich on 38 % and Tymoshenko on 25 % .
Counting continued through the night .
Analysts said Tymoshenko was in a strong position to leapfrog Yanukovich when both candidates meet in a decisive runoff vote on 7 February .
" The eventual size of Yanukovich 's lead is key , " said Andrew Wilson , senior fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations .
" His strategy was to deliver a knock - out blow in round one .
The exit polls show his lead to be not a decisive one . "
In third place , with 14.5 % , according to one exit poll , was the multi-millionaire former banker Sergey Tigipko , 49 , who appeared to be enjoying a late surge .
He now appears to be in the position of king - or queen - maker .
The votes of his supporters will be crucial in the second round .
Tigipko may be persuaded to back Tymoshenko in return for the prime minister 's job .
The election took place against the backdrop of a severe economic crisis in Ukraine and amid widespread disillusionment with the country 's self - serving political elite .
The incumbent president , Viktor Yushchenko , is deeply unpopular and many voters dislike both of the current candidates equally .
Both Yanukovich and Tymoshenko have pledged to reset relations with Russia – reversing the pro-western Yushchenko's hostile policies towards Moscow .
At the same time , however , both are broadly committed to Ukraine 's integration with Europe , especially in economic matters .
A Yanukovich victory would mean an extraordinary reversal of the dramatic events of 2004 , which saw the supreme court overturn his fraudulent victory in the second round of the presidential election , and order another vote – which Yushchenko comfortably won .
In an interview with the Guardian , the deputy prime minister , Hryhoriy Nemyria , claimed that electoral violations occurred ahead of yesterday 's vote , and hinted that the contest may be decided not in the ballot box , but in the higher administrative court .
Both Tymoshenko and Yanukovich , in the event of defeat , are likely to accuse each other of fraud and appeal .
The court , however , currently has two rival judges – a symbol of the partisan political standoff that has paralysed the government during the past five years .
Nemyria , a member of the Block of Yulia Tymoshenko ( ByuT ) , said that opinion polls " always " underestimated her real support .
He predicted that her formidable campaigning and speech - making skills would see her beat the gaffe - prone and " wooden " Yanukovich in the second round .
Nemyria was scathingly dismissive of Yanukovich , who served two jail terms in his youth for robbery and other crimes .
" It would be a humiliation if Yanukovich becomes president .
Can you imagine portraits of a criminal who was in jail twice hanging in police stations and kindergartens ? " he remarked sarcastically .
COPENHAGEN — Shakespeare ’s Marcellus was right .
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark .
In this hotbed of homogeneity , where global warming is a sacred assumption for the faithful , 15,000 people will come together from 192 countries to pray for two weeks over what can be done to save the Earth from certain doom .
Few places are better suited to handle the throngs of unquestioning believers who will journey from around the globe .
Dissent is not tolerated , and diversity — in any form other than biodiversity — is not welcome here .
WORLD LEADERS ’ EMISSION MISSION
MAYOR ’S HOT - HEAD SCIENTISTS PUSH CLIMATE AHEAD OF JOBS
A CAVEAT ON COPENHAGEN
But it turns out that Denmark ’s big claim to greenery is n’t quite so impressive when you find out that they do not include one of their biggest and dirtiest industries — shipping — in calculating their annual carbon footprint .
That ’s because the last great world climate treaty , Kyoto , does not make them include their nasty shipping business in the calculation .
No wonder the Danes liked that so much .
Even if President Obama gives away the farm when he arrives next week and signs some drastic pledge , it will be a treaty that must be ratified by the Senate .
His Democratic majority dwindles to basically nothing without members from coal states , heavy - industry states and other states where people generally would like to find a job .
But this crowd gathering here is far worse than just a bunch of hand - wringing Hamlets dithering in Denmark .
Some 40,000 tons of carbon will be spewed getting this crowd together and keeping them in comfort .
That is the daily amount of carbon dioxide produced by 30 of the world ’s smaller countries , according to UN statistics .
churt@nypost.com
A Fox News correspondent suggested President Obama ’s first State of the Union Address had something to do with getting screwed Wednesday night but , oddly enough for the controversial network , it did n’t appear to be a deliberate faux pas .
Wonkette and Gawker are having fun at Major Garrett ’s expense .
Wonkette mocks ,
Last night , during the State of the Union , Fox News ’ Major Garrett accidentally showed his support for a Las Vegas - based consortium of whores via Twitter .
See , he Tweeted : “ To overcome the numbing weight of our politics ” and other Obama SOTU excerpts http://bit.ly/d6W
Wed 27 Jan 18:22 . ”
Except this URL does not redirect to whatever inane thing he had open in the tab next to the whores thing !
The link opened to the whores themselves , one half of whom is pictured above , picking a wedgie like a gross person .
ADVERTISEMENT
Garrett left the following Tweets :
I apologize .
Bit.ly turned my original link to SOTU excerpts to a soft - porn link .
NOT my intention .
http://bit.ly/d6WZBu
Wed 27 Jan 19:21
The link just posted works .
Any frequent visitor here knows that is not my style .
Sorry .
Shld have caught it sooner .
Wed 27 Jan 19:23
For those suckling snide syrup .
I publicly acknowledged an innocent mistake and corrected it .
If that ’s not good enuf , take a hike .
Wed 27 Jan 20:18
Gawker adds ,
Have n’t ever seen bit.ly do that , but sometimes , lightning strikes .
Sometimes it strikes twice : Garrett recently used Twitter to break the news that Obama will visit Las Vegas in February to stump for Harry Reid .
Lightning would strike thrice if Garrett goes to Vegas with Obama , and if he ’s planning that trip right now .
So if you hear the phrase “ Major Garrett , reporting from Las Vegas ” any time soon , let this be the lesson :
Always check your bit.ly ’s before you tweet them .
Check twice .
Excited last night — after live - Tweeting the SOTU — that his following on Twitter grew to over 13,000 strong , Garrett wrote , “ Just passed 13 K .
As always , thank you for following .
Will try to live up to your trust . ”
What seemed like a match made in heaven , Hollywood and Metal Gear Solid , does not look like it was meant to be .
Advertisement
The stealth series , created by game designer Hideo Kojima , was known for its stealth game play and movie style cinematics .
Metal Gear Solid looked , if not played , like a motion picture .
These cinematic stylings were no accident — designer Hideo Kojima has cited numerous movies that have influenced the MGS games .
When it was announced that a movie version of Metal Gear Solid was in the works , it seemed like a perfect fit .
Advertisement
Initially there were rumors that Christian Bale would be snake , chatter that Snake voice actor and Hollywood scribe David Hayter wanted to do the script and word that Kurt Wimmer , whose directing credits include sci-fi action fodder like Equilibrium and Ultraviolet would be helming the project .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Producer Michael De Luca , whose credits range from the good ( Boogie Nights ) to the not - so - good ( Little Nicky ) , was spearheading the Hollywood version of the flick .
In a recent interview with Collider.com , De Luca describes how the entire project has stalled : " I do n't think it 's going to move forward because I got the sense that there may not be enough of a coordinated will at this point on the side of certain parties to see a movie get made . "
Advertisement
According to De Luca , a movie can only hurt a franchise — not necessarily help .
If the film is good , then it will sell games .
If the film is a stinker , then it tarnishes the franchise 's image .
It becomes a black eye .
" Video game companies are very protective of their property and there are certain things a studio requires freedom - wise to market and distribute a movie effectively in a global marketplace and sometimes getting those two things to match up is really hard , " says the producer .
" And in the case of Metal Gear Solid , the agendas just …. not because the parties were n't amicable , it was just kind of impossible to get the agendas to match up . "
Advertisement
In spring 2008 , De Luca spoke at length about the " rich universe " Hideo Kojima created and how cinematic the series is .
" Not mess with the DNA of the game but provide a movie that is an adaptation but that has it's own cinematic identity so even if you do n't play the game you know , you 'll come out of that movie feeling like you did at the end of The Matrix or the end of Robocop , " the producer said at the time .
Advertisement
Several sources close to the project have confirmed that the Metal Gear Solid movie is n't happening .
The reason , however , seems to be an issue of money .
Sony Pictures was willing to finance somewhere between $ 40 million ~ $ 80 million for the film ; however , Kojima Productions and Konami balked , believing that the figure was not enough to create a proper cinematic version of the game .
By today 's standard , the budget would have put Metal Gear Solid at the lower end of the production scale .
For comparison 's sake , Sony Pictures film Spider - Man 3 had a $ 300 million budget .
During the holiday season , many people place toy trains on circular tracks beneath their Christmas trees .
This month , at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory , physicists and engineers built tracks inside one of its fusion reactors and ran a toy train on them for three days .
It was not an exercise in silliness , but in calibration .
The modified model of a diesel train engine was carrying a small chunk of californium - 252 , a radioactive element that spews neutrons as it falls apart .
Image TRAINED
Sly Vinson in a fusion reactor at a Princeton laboratory with the toy engine that was modified and run in circles carrying a radioactive element .
Credit ... Elle Starkman
“ We needed to refine the calibration technique to make sure we are measuring our neutrons as accurately as possible , ” said Masa Ono , the project head of the National Spherical Torus Experiment .
Mr Berlusconi has said the allegations of a turncoat cannot be trusted A court in the Italian city of Turin has heard an allegation that a Sicilian Mafia boss convicted of 1990s bombings boasted of ties to Silvio Berlusconi .
Mafia informant Gaspare Spatuzza was giving evidence at the appeals trial of Marcello Dell ' Utri , a co-founder of the Italian prime minister 's party .
He said the Mafia boss had claimed to have Mr Berlusconi 's support .
A spokesman for Mr Berlusconi , who denies the allegations , suggested the Mafia was trying to discredit the PM .
Mr Spatuzza , a prosecution witness , gave evidence from behind a screen in the courtroom , surrounded by several bodyguards .
Ten people were killed and dozens were injured in the 1993 attacks .
' Revenge '
The informant recounted an alleged meeting in 1994 with the Mafia leader , Giuseppe Graviano , who was later convicted along with his brother for the bombings in Rome , Milan and Florence .
Spatuzza gave evidence from behind a screen in the courtroom
He said that Graviano had boasted of his connections to media tycoon Silvio Berlusconi , who was then on the cusp of his political career .
" Two names were mentioned , one of them was Berlusconi's , " he told the court .
" I asked if he was the one from Channel Five and he told me ' yes ' . "
" Graviano told me that thanks to the seriousness of these people , we had the country in our hands , " he added .
The spokesman for Mr Berlusconi , who is not formally linked to the case of his political associate , said the Mafia was attempting to get its revenge on Mr Berlusconi 's administration for its fight against organised crime .
" It is completely logical that the Mafia would use its members to make statements against the prime minister of a government that has acted in a determined and concrete way against organised crime , " Paolo Bonaiuti said , quoted by to Reuters news agency .
Marcello Dell ' Utri is appealing against a conviction for Mafia association and a nine - year prison sentence .
Speaking to reporters at the Turin court , Mr Dell ' Utri said the claims were nothing news and " all false " .
He said he was unworried by the evidence .
" And of course Berlusconi is completely calm about it too - he 's more afraid of his wife than Spatuzza , " he said , referring to the prime minister 's ongoing divorce proceedings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
About The Wong Couple
We are Jeff and Erin , a Sydney - based husband - and - wife photography team , a.k.a.
The Wong Couple Photographers .
Why the silly awesome name ?
It came about when we were creating an “ Epic Wedding Trailer ” to announce our 2010 wedding , and after our short - lived encounter with internet fame , it stuck !
But it suits us , because we do n’t like to take ourselves too seriously .
If you can't already tell , we are a slightly ' offbeat ' couple and we love photography , the great outdoors , travelling , and exploring our beautiful home city of Sydney .
We value the diversity in the world — from the multitude of ancient cultures to today ’s modern lifestyles — and this is what we want our photography to be about .
We believe that every life and every love has a story worth telling .
We 'd love to capture and help you share your story , whether it be for your future selves , your families and friends , or the world at large .
We welcome you to learn more about us , and we ’d love to learn more about you !
" Elites "
Most people who like Sarah Palin have a very strong and well - developed story in their heads about " elites " ruining their lives .
These people see the country as being run by powerful , wealthy , Liberals who maintain their power by giving away opportunity and resources for free to lazy people , poor people and foreigners .
According to the story in their heads , these people are " hard working " and " normal , " but they have not found success or happiness because the rewards they deserve have been given to someone else .
When these people with this story in their heads hear Sarah Palin they react positively .
When they hear Sarah Palin stumble on her words , botch a policy statement , or otherwise sound unprepared , they do not hear " stupid , " they hear " normal . "
When they hear Sarah Palin complain about being trashed by the elite liberal media , they do not hear complaining , they hear their own story of being defrauded of their success by powerful people .
These people see Sarah as the kind of person they want to be -- a person who is just normal and trying to succeed .
And the more Palin gets attacked , the more they feel she understands them and speaks for them .
" Stupid "
Most of the people who flock to Sarah Palin view outward signs of education or intelligence from politicians as weapons used to victimize and defraud them .
They do not respect or admire well - spoken Senators , Governors or Presidents -- they resent them .
These kinds of people do not follow , understand , nor are they interested in the kind of complexity or subtlety required to discuss policy issues , either domestic or foreign -- but not because they do not care about policy .
The issue is simply that these kinds of Americans view well - spoken people as manipulators , tricksters , hucksters .
When they hear an intelligent elected official , they feel angry , not assured -- they feel judged , not informed .
Sarah Palin makes them feel the opposite .
When she speaks , she makes them feel included , welcome , accepted .
By speaking as an uneducated policy outsider , Sarah Palin reassures these people that speaking with authority on issues is just a gimmick .
What matters -- what 's really important -- is that our leaders do not act like they know more or are better than us .
" Common Sense "
When Sarah Palin says that she believes in " common sense " policy , her supporters hear someone saying that she would do things for the country the way they do things for their family .
" Common sense " to these people is code for " like I do it . "
What they hear is someone who is against the overly complicated , overly intellectualized ways that Liberal elites force on them .
To these people , the reason elected leaders sound complicated when they talk is not to explain complex issues , but to hide the truth .
What is the truth powerful elites are trying to hide that Sarah Palin reveals ?
The truth is that powerful elites are against them - - normal people who work hard -- and they are for lazy people , poor people , and foreigners .
When Palin talks " common sense , " she is saying that she is form the normal people -- the people who see themselves as victimized by elites .
Influence
Now , this exact formula was used successfully by George W. Bush to win a governorship and two presidential elections .
Sarah Palin has used it , so far , to turn a VP spot on one of the worst GOP Presidential tickets of all time into an A - List political celebrity status .
Whether or not Palin is able to use this formula to win another elections is doubtful , but she can use it to become influential .
While Palin 's controversial status makes it very difficult for her to build the coalitions she would need to win an election , she can use her status and her ability to communicate effectively to people in order to endorse or anoint less controversial candidates .
And that is why we cannot afford to waste any more time forgetting what we learned from almost two decades of George W. Bush style communications and electioneering .
If you are one of the people obsessing over how " stupid " Sarah Palin is and how " dumb " her supporters are , then take a step back and force yourself to remember the lessons of 2000 and 2004 .
Remember , in particular , that there is a large swath of the American public who sees themselves as victims of the very kind of force you embody when you attack Sarah Palin for lacking intelligence .
And those people have money to spend and votes to give .
Sarah Palin probably wo n't win another election , but we cannot let her lull us into amnesia and forget the kind of political success a person with her attributes and skill set can achieve .
Iran sentenced student leader Majid Tavakoli , who spoke out against the ayatollah regime in a speech last month , to eight years imprisonment .
The main charge brought against the student , which landed him six years in prison , was insulting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , by calling him a " fascist " .
Tavakoli was also charged with insulting supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who he called a " dictator " , and operating against the government .
The court also banned Tavakoli from political activity for a period of five years , and barred him from leaving the country for five years .
In a speech at Tehran University , Tavakoli slammed the president 's economic policies and the oppression of the opposition 's protest in the country .
After his arrest Iranian state media published pictures of the student dressed as a woman and wearing a hijab
Tavakoli's brother Ali later claimed that security forces beat him during his arrest and published the images to break his spirit and intimidate him during investigation .
But the authority 's actions only encouraged the opposition .
Thousands members of Iran 's reformist opposition posted online photos of themselves and of Iran 's top leaders dressed as women in a show of support of their comrade and in protest of his arrest .
In hopes of deterring other opposition supports of any public protests , Iranian authorities have handed out heavy sentences in recent weeks against reformist camp activists in the country .
One journalist was even sentenced to six years in prison and five years of internal exile in a remote desert town .
President Chavez has been waging what he calls a " media war "
The Venezuelan government has taken six cable television channels off the air for breaking a law on transmitting government material .
The privately owned RCTV International , openly opposed to President Hugo Chavez , is one of those affected .
On Saturday the government had ordered RCTV to televise a government message , but the channel refused to comply .
The communications director for RCTV , Gladys Zapain , told AFP there was " no prior notification " of the move .
Last week RCTV , along with 23 other cable channels , was redefined by the government as a national , rather than international broadcaster .
As such , the channels would now be expected to carry presidential addresses and government campaign material in what is an election year in Venezuela .
' Battle of wills '
The government had urged cable services to drop channels ignoring the rules .
" They must comply with the law , and they cannot have a single channel that violates Venezuelan law as part of their programming , " said the director of Venezuela 's state - run telecommunications agency , Diosdado Cabello .
When the first opportunity to televise a government message was rejected by RCTV , it was ordered off air within a day .
The BBC's Will Grant in Caracas says there was only going to be one winner in such a battle of wills .
He says it is thought that the move is temporary at this stage , but that the government is unlikely to permit RCTV to broadcast again until the media group agrees to comply with the new law .
Opposition groups accuse Mr Chavez of trying to control the media and prevent coverage of political discontent .
RCTV moved to cable in 2007 after the Venezuelan government of Mr Chavez refused to renew its terrestrial licence .
Mr Chavez has in the past accused it of backing a coup attempt against him .
An older man on the prowl for a younger woman and by definition , the gender opposite of the cougar .
The rhino derives his name from his appearance because the specimen is more often than not both horny AND ugly .
The rhino is usually found in warmer locales and can be spotted wearing either a flowered or pastel shirt ( with 3 buttons opened to expose a mature mane of chest hair ) tucked into khaki shorts and sporting boat shoes .
Also look for horrendous dance moves , a white man 's overbite , male pattern baldness and a penchant for picking up the bar tab .
Professor Salim Al - Hassani , chairman of 1,001 Inventions , the organisation which is helping put on the exhibition of the same name , said of the clock : " It gives physical form to the concept of multiculturalism .
It embodies cultural and scientific convergence of civilisations and is an appropriate centrepiece for an exhibition about the roots of science and technology . "
async.js is a library that aims to make it so you do n’t have to mess with callbacks when making applications in JavaScript 1.7 or higher by using the yield statement to pause function execution .
Examples
Please note that user interaction with the page is not blocked during the course of any of these examples .
A node.next ( eventType ) method
The node.next ( eventType ) method would pause a function until the specified event is fired on the node that next was called on and would return the captured event object .
var listenForNextEventDispatch = function ( [ node , eventType ] , callback ) { var listener = function ( event ) { node .
removeEventListener ( eventType , listener , false ) ; callback ( event ) ; } ; node .
addEventListener ( eventType , listener , false ) ; } ; Node . prototype .
next = function ( eventType ) { return [ listenForNextEventDispatch , [ this , eventType ] ] ; } ; var listenForNextEventDispatch = function ( [ node , eventType ] , callback ) { var listener = function ( event ) { node.removeEventListener( eventType , listener , false ) ; callback ( event ) ; } ; node.addEventListener( eventType , listener , false ) ; } ; Node.prototype.next = function ( eventType ) { return [ listenForNextEventDispatch , [ this , eventType ] ] ; } ;
You could now do the following in an async ( ) ed function to handle the next click event on the document .
var clickEvent = yield document .
next ( " click " ) ; // handle click event here var clickEvent = yield document . next ( " click " ) ; // handle click event here
Asking the user for their impressions of async.js
The following code does not use any obtrusive and annoying functions like prompt or alert yet still can utilize execution - blocking features .
yield to .
request ( " feedback " , " POST " , ( yield to .
prompt ( " What are your impressions of async.js ? " ) ) ) ; yield to .
inform ( " Thanks for your feedback ! " ) ; // do more stuff here yield to . request ( " feedback " , " POST " , ( yield to .
prompt ( " What are your impressions of async.js ? " ) ) ) ; yield to .
inform ( " Thanks for your feedback ! " ) ; // do more stuff here
As opposed to the following , which is functionally equivalent to the previous code but does n’t use async.js ’s blocking features .
async. prompt ( [ " What are your impressions of async.js ? " ] , function ( response ) { async. request ( [ " feedback " , " POST " , response ] , function ( ) { async. inform ( [ " Thanks for your feedback ! " ] , function ( ) { // do more stuff here } ) ; } ) ; } ) ; async.prompt(
[ " What are your impressions of async.js ? " ] , function ( response ) { async.request ( [ " feedback " , " POST " , response ] , function ( ) { async.inform (
[ " Thanks for your feedback ! " ] , function ( ) { // do more stuff here } ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
That ’s a lot of callbacks , all of which are implied when you use async.js .
Creating an async.js module for that FunctionThatUsesCallbacks
async . yourMethodName = function ( [ aParameterThatFunctionUses ] , callback ) { that FunctionThatUsesCallbacks ( aParameterThatFunctionUses , callback ) ; } ; async.yourMethodName = function ( [ aParameterThatFunctionUses ] , callback ) { that FunctionThatUsesCallbacks( aParameterThatFunctionUses , callback ) ; } ;
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Learning how to write content that ’s easy to read is crucial to the success of any hopeful web writer .
Sure .
Anyone can compile a page of any given keyword and smear it on the screen .
But it ’s those humans reading that a writer wants to appeal to .
The trick is :
How does a writer do this exactly ?
It ’s easy .
It ’s not so much a matter whether someone possesses any sort of “ Great Talent , ” or even if they ’re a native English speaker .
It ’s just a matter of approaching the effort with a bit of fore - knowledge .
Others have shared with me , and it is now my honor , to share with you .
Read on :
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number One :
Know what you ’re writing -
This is n’t to say that a writer must know all there is on a topic before writing .
In fact content published on the web seems to do better when it ’s not exhaustive on a topic , and offers the reader information in small , easily digested portions .
Still it ’s best to know well the topic being written on , but , writers can do a good job if there ’s been enough research done .
At the very least , do your homework on any content topic you ’re working with .
How many pages are there that , it ’s a little too obvious the “ author , ” did n’t really know what they ’re saying ?
Failing to at least research thoroughly will make you look bad to readers .
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Two :
Be objective - There are always going to be content topics that involve emotions .
Some examples might be divorce , religion , domestic violence , crimes against children , oh … this list could go on for days .
It may be one of the toughest parts of this job , to provide the information necessary to inform , and produce something more than just another editorial / opinion piece .
We ’re all human beings .
But your readers need you to educate , inform , and maybe even warn them from a factual , real - world perspective .
So rise above and stay objective to keep readers coming back for more .
Highly emotional content can make you , or it can break you , depending on how objectively you can write .
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Three :
Cite your sources -
What does it mean to cite your sources for your content ?
Simple .
If you get a bit of information from another website , then give credit , where credit is due .
Maybe a particular company employee , or industry expert , shared their valuable time in helping you with a good content topic .
List the source of your information at the end of your article at the very least .
Some content producers and writers not only list their sources at the end , but also embed the source of information , within the article itself .
It ’s not just about credit .
It ’s about credibility of your content .
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Four :
Use paragraph breaks - Nobody likes a text blob !
Even those amongst us who consider ourselves avid readers of web content feel the pain of too much text in one spot .
Folks have very short attention spans these days .
Perhaps they always have ... but that ’s not the point .
Breaking an article up makes it easier on the eyes of the reader , and the content is easier to take in , when published in smaller paragraphs .
So do it .
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Five :
Proofread -
During the act of writing itself , it ’s pretty easy for an author to make a few boo - boos , myself included .
Sometimes a key can stick .
A word can be mis-spelled .
Flow of the article and repetition is a big one for many of us logo - philes .
My personal weakness is going " serial comma . "
Once the piece is written , and before you go to publish , proofread .
When proofreading , do n’t read it like you normally would .
Go through the piece , one word at a time , literally .
Keep an eye out for punctuation errors also .
Yes .
This adds some time to how long it takes .
It ’s an investment no writer will ever regret .
If editing your own work is truly too much of a burden ( we writers are our own harshest critics after all ) then ask someone else to do it for you .
Just about anybody is tickled pink to “ bust on you ” for a typo .
Even your kids can do this if they ’re of reading age .
You remain typo - free .
They build strong spelling skills .
There ’s probably cookies involved …see ?
Everybody wins !
Re-write what you must before publishing
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Six :
Use sub-headers -
In case you have n’t heard : Keywords rule .
To make sure spiders crawling the web find your content , and therefore index it , you want to make sure the relevant keywords on the topic are frequent enough for your article to be noticed .
Ah !
Therein lies the rub , as old Shakespeare might say , and he makes a great point too .
Were you to publish a 500 word piece , with the keywords at 5 % , you ’ll have to use said keyword 25 times !
Madness !
Those in the know call that keyword stuffing and it is ugly .
Sub - headers allow a writer to make sure the necessary keywords occur frequently enough to be found by spiders , yet the natural flow of the subject still remains , and that ’s what you want .
Besides , those sub -headers just look nifty .
To write content in small chunks , using sub - headers makes you much more appealing .
How To Write Content That ’s Easy To Read Tip Number Seven :
Less really is more !
Oftentimes , folks who seem to not be native English speakers , want to make the point of their statements in the strongest of terms .
The desire to get the point across is not the problem .
If it 's the Average American reader you 're after , you must realize that , we seldom use such terms .
Less is more .
Flowery words are odd to us .
Simple words are easy to recognize .
We 're comfortable sitting at tea with a nickel word , but we 're unfortable drinking next to a twenty - five cent word .
Understand ?
Source :
Personal experience
John Toczek , who writes the PuzzlOR column for OR / MS Today ( example ) , has put together a new operations research / data mining challenge in the spirit of , though without the million dollar reward of , the Netflix Prize .
The Analytics X Prize is a fascinating problem :
Current Contest – 2010 – Predicting Homicides in Philadelphia
Philadelphia is a city with 5.8 million people spread out over 47 zip codes and , like any major city , it has its share of crime .
The goal of the Analytics X Prize is to use statistical techniques and any data sets you can find to predict where crime , specifically homicides , will occur in the city .
The ability to accurately predict where crime is likely to occur allows us to deploy our limited city resources more effectively .
What I really like about this challenge is how open - ended it is .
Unlike the Netflix Prize , there is no data set to be analyzed .
It is up to you to determine what might be an interesting / useful / important data set .
Should you analyze past murder rates ?
Newspaper articles ?
Economic indicators ?
Success in this might require a team that mixes those who understand societal issues with data miners and operations researchers .
This , to me , makes it much more of an operations research challenge than a data mining challenge .
I also like how the Prize handles evaluation : you are predicting the future , so murders are counted after your submission .
Unless you have invented time travel , there is no way to know the evaluation test set , nor can you game it like you could in the Netflix Prize ( at the risk of overfitting ) .
I asked John why he started this prize , and he replied :
I started this project about a year ago when trying to think of ways to
attract students and people from other professions into the OR field .
I
write an article in ORMS Today called the PuzzlOR which I originally
started in hopes of attracting more students to our field .
OR can be a bit
overwhelming when you first get into it so I wanted a way to make it easier
for the newcomers .
The puzzles I wanted to run were getting a bit out of
hand in their complexity so I needed some other place to house them .
Plus , I thought it would be good advertising for the OR field in general
and would have positive impact on the city where I live .
He ’s already gotten good local press for the project .
The Philadelphia City Paper ran a nice article that mentions operations research prominently :
Operations research may not sound sexy ; it focuses on analytics and statistics — determining which data in a gigantic data haystack is most relevant — in order to solve big problems .
There is a monetary prize involved : $ 20 each month plus $ 100 at the end of the year .
It is probably a good thing that this is not a million dollar prize .
Since entries are judged based on how well they do after submission , too high a prize might lead to certain … incentives … to ensure the accuracy of your murder predictions .
THE competition watchdog has drawn the ire of Telstra 's rivals , after it decided to put a freeze on the price of accessing the telco giant 's copper access network .
The prices will be frozen until December next year while the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission conducts a review of the prices Telstra charges its competitors for wholesale access to its copper network .
Telstra 's competitors , such as Optus , Macquarie Telecom and iiNet , access the telco 's copper network to provide fixed voice and broadband services , The Australian reported .
" This is a critical review of pricing principles which have been in place since 1997 .
Since this time , the telecommunications regulatory , technological and competitive landscape have and continue to evolve , and a review is timely , " ACCC chairman Graeme Samuel said in a statement .
" It will draw a line in the sand and address the pricing principles afresh for the new environment . "
The pricing guidelines have been in place since Telstra 's privatisation in 1997 and have caused much consternation in the telecoms sector .
For years , Telstra 's competitors have argued that the pricing determinations are too high , while Telstra has argued that the costs involved in building and maintaining its network should equate to higher prices for access seekers .
" This is a sensible decision .
It enables the important next steps to achieve regulatory certainty in the longer term , " Telstra head of regulatory affairs Jane van Beelen said .
But Telstra 's rivals were less than receptive of the decision .
" While the ACCC continues to navel gaze , the industry is sinking in quicksand , " Macquarie Telecom head of regulatory and government affairs Matt Healy said .
" It is bizarre that just as regulatory reform stalls in the Senate , the regulator decides to shelve its long - planned improvements to pricing access to Telstra 's monopoly network .
Competitors and consumers are forced to live in the past and are denied a digital `today ' , let alone the NBN future . "
The Competitive Carriers ' Coalition described the ACCC 's pricing freeze as " a grave indictment of the commission and the regulatory framework " .
" The ACCC has in the past two years repeatedly said that it believes Telstra 's prices for basic wholesale services are too high and that it -- the commission -- has contributed to this by not basing its wholesale price guidance on what it costs Telstra to provide the services , " CCC executive director David Forman said .
" Consumers will likely suffer both increases in retail prices and a further loss of competitive choices as a result of the commission 's failure of courage . "
In listening to the State of The Union Address , and other recent pondering of President Obama , I am constantly amazed at his ability to say things that he knows can be fact checked .
Let me give you a few examples .
Lobbyists .
President Obama promised during his campaign that lobbyists “ wo n’t find a job in my White House . ”
Then , once he was in , and hired a lobbyist a day for several weeks , he explained that there had to be exceptions .
In the State of the Union Address , he nuanced it further .
“ That ’s why we ’ve excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs , or seats on federal boards and commissions . ”
Now , I grant that he may have many lobbyists in non policy making positions , but here are a few that definitely DO make policy .
Eric Holder , Attorney General , lobbied for Global Crossing , a telecommunications firm .
Tom Vilsack , secretary of agriculture , lobbyist for the National Education Association .
William Lynn , deputy defense secretary , was registered to lobby as recently as last year for defense contractor Raytheon where he was a top executive .
Trying not to lose readers with mind numbing detail , here is a list of names , and you can google them if you want , but the one thing that they all have in common , is that they are all in policy making positions .
William Corr , David Hayes , Mark Patterson , Ron Klain , Mona Sutphen , Melody Barnes , Cecilia Munoz , Patrick Gaspard , Michael Strautmanis , and there ’s more .
This is n’t counting the ones that did n’t take the job , or the ones who could n’t pass muster .
Tom Daschle comes to mind .
Hiring the very type of people that he swore not hire , and do it from the very first day of his presidency , is the epitome of brazen .
Did he think that no one would notice ?
Stimulus Bill .
In regard to the Stimulus Bill , the President said , ” Economists on the left and the right say this bill has helped save jobs and avert disaster . ”
Then , two paragraphs later , he says ” That is why jobs must be our number - one focus in 2010 , and that ’s why I ’m calling for a new jobs bill tonight . ”
Most of the time , he waits at least 24 hours before contradicting himself .
In this case , the contradictory statement out of his mouth while the echo’s of the first statement could still be heard bouncing around the chamber .
Is that brazen , or what ?
My question is , which time was he telling the truth ?
And , in my opinion , the President , through words and deeds , has demonstrated that he believes that prosperity comes from the government .
Maybe in some other dimension of time and space , this would be true , but in this universe , prosperity comes from the private sector .
Earmark spending .
In the campaign , the President said that he would outlaw the practice of earmark spending .
That was his word .
Outlaw .
I ’m not making this up .
Then , when the stimulus bill came to him for his signature , it was full of earmark requests .
He signed it , rationalizing that some earmarks are good .
Does that make him an outlaw ?
In the State of the Union Address , he called on the House and Senate to control their earmark requests , but no mention of outlawing them .
How can he say some many different things about the same subject , and not expect to be caught ?
Oh , I forgot for a moment .
He is brazen .
Supreme Court .
The President , using a verbal baseball bat , lambasted the Supreme Court for its recent ruling on campaign finance , uttered , “ I do n’t think American elections should be bankrolled by America ’s most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities . ”
I do n’t want to debate the wisdom the ruling here , knowing that there are plenty of good arguments on both sides .
But I do want to address the last two words of that sentence .
Foreign entities .
Regardless of your opinion of allowing corporations to donate to campaigns , there is , and always has been , a law that prohibits foreign interests contributing to them , directly or indirectly .
The President was a professor at WHAT university ?
He graduated from WHERE ?
He passed the bar exam HOW ?
Was it a snow day on the day that his teacher was going to cover that ?
To be fair , I do n’t think that the President is ignorant of this law .
I just think he is brazen enough to believe that he can say anything , and the people who like him will believe him , and the people who do n’t like him wo n’t be taken seriously when they speak out .
Has any other President bashed the Supreme Court like this in a State of the Union Address ?
I have n’t heard or read all of them , but , I ’ve skimmed the text of all of them that happened in my lifetime , and I can’t find any evidence of it .
Final note on campaign finance .
This is from a man who promised to accept , and abide by the rules of , public financing , so as to keep the playing field level .
Then a few weeks later , upon discovering that he could raise more money , with less accountability , using the internet , he did an abrupt about face , describing the public finance system as “ broken ” .
This allowed him to outspend McCain by a very large margin .
A cynic might say that he bought the election .
What ’s the word to describe this type of behavior ?
Lemme think .
Starts with B , and rhymes with raven .
The last eight years .
I ’m going to get down on my knees and pray , “ Lord , in order to help the struggling people of America , please arrange for them to get a dime every time the President uses the phrases , ” .... the last eight years … ” , “ we inherited …. ” , “ we walked into a mess … ... ” , or any other phrase that puts the blames for the problems of the country on the last administration , or tries to excuse his failure by pointing out what a hard job he walked into .
I ’m going to run for President one day , but only if I can follow an administration that did everything perfect from the point of view of both democrats and republicans , so that I do n’t inherit any problems .
If this were an email or facebook post , I would end the previous remark with an LOL .
Here is a quote from George Bush ’s State of The Union Address from January , 2008 .
“ And Congress can help even more .
Tonight I ask you to pass legislation to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , modernize the Federal Housing Administration , and allow State housing agencies to issue tax - free bonds to help homeowners refinance their mortgages .
These are difficult times for many American families , and by taking these steps , we can help more of them keep their homes . ”
And if he had been successful in persuading the democrat controlled Congress to go along with him , we might have averted the crisis , or at least blunted it .
Bush did n’t cause the economic collapse .
That was in motion long he was sworn in .
Mortgage companies were passing around bad paper for decades .
Many of the mortgages that went bad were written in the 90’s .
Many others were written under policies that began in the 90’s .
I remember reading of a family that obtained a $ 720,000 mortgage , based on a combined income of under $ 15,000 dollars , that they earned by picking strawberries .
You can find their story here .
In 2004 , House Republicans tried to bring more regulation to mortgage lending , but the Dems fought against it tooth and nail .
Said Barney Frank : “ But I have seen nothing in here that suggest that the safety and soundness ( of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) are at issue .
I think it serves us badly to raise safety and soundness as kind of a general shibboleth when it does not seem to me to be an issue . ”
There is a video that can be found here , showing some house deliberations , that pretty well destroys that argument the President uses .
It shows republicans trying to put the brakes on Fannie Mae and Freddie , and how they are ridiculed by democrats for even suggesting such thing .
I dare anyone to invest 7 minutes of their life to look at this video , and then put the blame for the mortgage crisis anywhere but in the laps of Nancy Pelosi , Barney Frank , Lacy Clay , Maxine Waters , Gregory Meeks , Franklin Raines , Arthur Davis , and the Community Reinvestment Act .
In another matter concerning the last eight years , how many close calls have we had in the way of terrorist attacks in the past year , compared to Bush administration after 9/11 ?
I ’ve lost count .
Now , I do n’t believe for one second that the President is n’t aware of this .
He ’s not a stupid man .
I just believe that he is brazen enough to say things like that , regardless of whether they have any foundation in truth .
So , in answer to the question I started this essay with , here is how I spell “ brazen ” .
I spell it O. B. A. M. A .
That ’s the way I see it .
Neill Arnhart .
From Mop :
Sorry , Ministry of Railway spokesperson , the Berlin to Frankfurt high - speed rail is only 29 euros
High - level national leaders these days like to draw comparisons with foreign countries , thus making those dissenting voices in the populace shut up and stop questioning their glorious achievements .
Just now , I saw another big shot .
This is the rubbish he ’s spouting :
Wang Yongping , spokesman for the Ministry of Railways said during a news interview on the 26th said that the Wuhan – Guangzhou high - speed rail was full to capacity , and that at present it was very difficult to get tickets .
Wang Yongping was aboard the G1002 high - speed train from Guangzhou to Beijing when he said this .
In response to on - site reporters ’ questions about the price of tickets , Wang Yongping said that the price of tickets on the Wuhan – Guangzhou high - speed rail could not be compared to any other within China .
As he understood it , the Berlin – Frankfurt high speed train traveled at three hundred kilometers per hour , the distance traveled was only half that of the Wuhan – Guangzhou railway , but the price of a ticket was thousands of yuan .
At the present time , tickets on the Wuhan – Guangzhou railway ’s are priced at a preliminary operating price , and might be changed .
Really ?
Let ’s not get into that yet .
Firstly , the people ’s eyes are bright , that they leave messages when they have issues is right , that they are asking questions is correct .
That is , how can you draw comparisons only with Germany , and convert prices in euros to RMB to draw comparisons , why did n’t he mention Germany ’s per capita income ?
If you want to use consumption as a basis for comparison , that is to say that if the price of tickets on the Berlin – Frankfurt line are 1000 yuan , then Germany ’s average income is 15,000 yuan .
With an income of 15,000 per month , is a 1000 yuan train ticket expensive ?
But in our country the average income is only 1500 yuan per month .
So what kind of logic is this , this comparison of the price of tickets and not income ?
It is drunk logic !
It is kindergarten logic !
It is con-man logic !
Germany ’s average income is around 1500 euro per month , and with regard to consumers , is cheaper than China .
You could say that as long as you did n’t enjoy a luxurious lifestyle , you could get away with spending 1000 euro a month ( usually 600 – 800 is enough , you ’d still be able to drink beer and coke every day on 600 ) , and this 1000 euro would include everything you ’d need to eat , live , wear , transport costs ( gasoline etc. ) , 1200 euro would allow you to live more comfortably .
Naturally this would be for city living .
Can I ask if a person living in a city in China could live well by spending 1200 yuan a month ?
Let ’s get back to the price of tickets on the Berlin – Frankfurt line .
The Ministry of Railways spokesman said that tickets on the Berlin – Frankfurt high speed train were more than 1000 yuan RMB , and you could say that he was right .
But this is the price for idiots .
This price is mainly for those tourists who come to Germany .
This is a price that is just for show .
In reality the prices for German train tickets are extremely flexible , and trains are very convenient .
In Germany when people go on long journeys , other than private cars they travel by train .
Inter - city travel by car is almost non existent .
How much do Berlin – Frankfurt tickets really cost ?
In all of Germany , and not the Berlin – Frankfurt line , that is to say from the north all the way to the south , as long as you reserve tickets three days in advance , second class tickets are just 29 euro ( and German tickets can be booked a year in advance , so I could book a ticket for December 2010 right now ) .
You naturally need to book in advance .
If you buy a tickets less than three days before you need to pay full price .
Think about it how Germany ’s administrators consider the needs of its citizens .
Below are the prices for train tickets on the Berlin – Frankfurt line , which I just looked up .
The above prices are for the high - speed train from Berlin to Frankfurt , all are full price , the cheapest is 97 euro , and the reason : no prior booking has been made .
The above are the prices of tickets from Berlin to Frankfurt on January 8 , all are at the discounted price of 29 euro ( 113 euro , at the right , is the full price ) .
The price of a first class seat from Berlin to Frankfurt : full price 148 – 243 euro , there are two discounted prices , 49 euro and 53 euro .
Anyway , there are n’t many first class carriages in trains .
From the price of trains , we can see how Germany ’s railways make money , who they make money from , and how they embody people ’s livelihood .
Actually , German Railways is a share based company in which the government holds the majority of shares .
But in our country , the trains are a state enterprise , it ’s the people ’s own company !
It ’s taking the people ’s money !
The speed of the train from Berlin – Frankfurt is usually under 200 kilometers per hour , I do n’t know if the 300 km / h high speed train the Ministry of Railways leader mention was because he has ridden one , or he heard of one , or if he just made something up to explain away the problem / question .
What needs to be explained is that in Germany , the ICE are the best and fastest trains .
If something is a high speed train that goes along a fixed track , it is called an ICE , or an InterCity Express .
But half of the route from Frankfurt to Paris ’ Gare de l’Est is taken at speeds of over 350 km/h , with the fastest speed reached being 390 km /h .
The distance is in the thousands of kilometers , and the discounted price for train tickets : a second class ticket will cost 39 euros , a first class seat is 73 euros , with the full price being three times the discounted price .
Below is the price of second class tickets for the Frankfurt – Gare de l’Est station in Paris for January 8 .
This is the real German rail price , and if high - level leaders insist on using Germany high - speed rail ticket prices to determine Wuhan – Guangzhou high - speed rail ticket prices , thus embodying our country ’s leading cadres wholehearted purpose of serving the people , then use the income amount of 1500 as a premise and lower the second - class seat prices for the Wuhan – Guangzhou high - speed rail down to 39 yuan ( RMB ) and under !
Comments from Mop :
乖乖的小星 :
After reading this I am really really worried , what I am worried about is the LZ ‘s safety .
AHALYB2000 :
Those who are not idiots , cannot become leaders .
Do you guys understand the meaning of this saying ?
行健世坤 :
Lou zhu…
you know too much ~ ~~~~~~ ~~
一个人@精彩 :
The experts always have selective blindness .
贱 13滚开 :
LZ WATCH OUT , YOU NEED TO TEACH SOMEONE CLOSE TO YOU HOW TO USE MOP [ the website ] , JUST IN CASE SOMETHING HAPPENS TO YOU , YOU’LL HAVE SOMEONE TO HELP YOU .
對王之王…對穿肠 :
Nonsense , how could the Celestial Kingdom ever learn from the areas foreign countries are cheaper ?
That which is high - priced , we must bring ourselves in line with international standards , but those that are low - priced , we pretend we do n’t see !
无聊侃侃 :
The spokesperson did n’t think that anyone would actually go and check a foreign website , it seems that putting up a harmonious LAN is very important .
I ’m sure that in a few days these websites will be accused of capitalist dumping of goods and these websites will be blocked .
★吹大了气球玩球球★ :
LZ , please tell your good friends , and write your last will and testament !
cfl12cfl12 :
Lou zhu can rest at ease , when one lou zhu falls , millions of lou zhu‘s will take his place ~ ~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Then all of them will fall ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
跑跑跳跳玩玩闹 :
LZ be careful !
我是医生 ……:
There ’s nothing we can do , our economy ca n’t be compared with those developed American and European countries .
Do n’t just dismiss your country like that , being Chinese , we have to love our homeland .
If we do n’t , how can we match little Japan , bang zi , and the like ?
rudy7812 :
I ’m in Frankfurt .
Last month I took part in a party organised by a student group for ERASMUS .
A return ticket to Berlin and two nights , and all I spent was 90 euro .
William Shakespeare :
LZ , 39 euro to Paris is expensive , I got a return ticket for just 29.9 euro …
@@@@Mars :
I ’ve been on the ICE , from Frankfurt to Gare l’Est in Paris .
It was around 50 euro .
The speed was completely excessive , it made me , who had just finished riding on the Harmonious Train feel the pressure .
After I arrived I noticed that my watch was 5 minutes slow .
JimCurry :
LZ calm down !
Society is improving , if our population was the same as Germany ’s then our train tickets would n’t be so expensive !
The Germans can buy tickets online , there ’s little chance of that for us !
We can never get one !
The reason ?
The reason is because our population is too big !
Too many people … too many people …
Cheaper than the Wuhan - Guangdong High Speed Rail . chinaSMACK personals .
Bath Bombs , or Bath Fizzies , are like giant alka-seltzers for your bath – they spin , whirl and swirl in your bath while releasing scent and skin - softening agents .
They make bath time SUPER fun !
If you ’ve never made bath bombs before , check out this video on Soap Queen TV and learn how to make bath bombs .
Basic Bath Bomb Recipe
Gather your ingredients :
• 1 part Citric Acid
• 2 parts Baking Soda
• Witch Hazel
• Coloring of your choice
• Fragrance Oil of your choice
• Dome Shaped Mold
1. BLEND BLEND BLEND BLEND the citric acid and baking soda – this step is super important – if you do n’t blend well , you end up with a grainy bomb .
We actually use a mixer on our larger batches .
2 . Once you ’ve blended really well , add your colorant .
Dry pigments or a specialty bath fizzy colorant like La Bombs work best – do n’t add too much though – the color shows up once you add the witch hazel .
3 . Add fragrance oils to your personal nose preference .
4 . Now , this is the difficult part .
Spritz ( with a squirt bottle ) the witch hazel onto your batch while stirring with the other hand .
When your batch sticks together when squished , you need to start putting it in molds – time is of the essence .
If you wait too long , the mixture will get hard .
If you spritz too much , the mixture will be too wet and “ grow ” ( start the fizzing reaction ) on you .
5 . Put the bombs in molds – wait a few minutes and tap them out .
Let them air dry for 3 or 4 hours and voila !
Wonderful , hard bath bombs .
The harder you pack the bath bombs , the more dense , heavy , and durable bomb you will get .
Water Softening Fizzy
1 cup Baking Soda
1/2 cup Citric Acid
1/2 cup Corn Starch
2 -1/2 tablespoons
Oil ( I use a combo of Grapeseed and Almond , but you can use any liquid oils )
3/4 tablespoon Water
2 teaspoons Essential or Fragrance Oils
1/2 teaspoon Borax
Spray bottle filled with Witch Hazel
1 . Mix the baking soda , citric acid and corn starch until well blended .
2 . In a separate bowl combine cooking oil , water , essential oil , and borax .
Mix well .
Drizzle wet ingredients into the dry ingredients , pouring with one hand and squishing it together with the other .
3 . Pack into candy or soap molds .
I use a circular 2 oz .
soap mold with a flower pattern on the top ( it ’s tooooo hard to unmold anything with squared corners ) .
Pack it in really hard , then immediately flip it over and tap it out onto a lined cookie sheet .
When all are done , lightly mist with witch hazel and let dry overnight .
4 . Next day , turn over and mist the bottoms with witch hazel .
Let dry another day .
The witch hazel forms a crust on the outside that keeps them from cracking and falling apart , although they ’re still a little fragile .
Do n’t make them when it ’s damp outside , high humidity makes it much harder to do .
Moisture Rich Fizzy
Dry ingredients :
1 cup Baking Soda
1/2 cup Corn Starch
1/4 cup Epsom Salt
1/2 cup Citric Acid
Wet ingredients :
Mix all dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and then in a separate dish or cup mix wet ingredients and then combine the two .
I use a wire wisk ….
the mix does n’t really even look wet but it compacts nicely into molds and after drying through the night they are rock hard and fizz for almost 2 minutes .
Make sure to wisk fast when adding wet ingredients to prevent fizzing whisk for a good minute and then press mix into your mold .
Tub Tints 3 cups Baking Soda
1 1/2 cups Citric Acid
2 cups Corn Starch
3 cc Fragrance Oil
. 15 cc powdered water - soluble dye ( pigments or micas will NOT work .
FD&C Blue and FD&C Yellow from Bramble Berry WILL work .
If you use a pigment or mica , it may not disperse evenly in the water , and may stain your tub ! )
Mix all ingredients completely .
The mixture will appear white .
Package into decorative bags and tie closed .
To use , add 1 / 4 to 1/2 cup per full tub of water .
Mix crystals in completely before getting into the water .
Taa -daaaa !
Colored bath water !
Fizzy Milk Bath Bombs
Mix all dry ingredients together well , drizzle the olive oil and melted cocoa butter and fragrance / essential oil over the dry mix , mix together with hands , and then use witch hazel / water blend to get the product to the right consistency to shove into your favorite molds .
Enjoy with your bath !
a very tiny number of white families of noble birth , or who were owed favors by royalty and elevated to nobility ,
a not much bigger number of white technical specialists , such as doctors and clerks , who understood that their whole reason for being there was to provide services to the nobility , and ...
a substantial white army , whose job was to subjugate the natives and make them the slaves of the nobility .
If you got your education in an American or European school , you have n't thought about Haiti much , especially if you 're white .
In fact , if you 're white , and you have n't done a lot of reading on the colonial history of the western hemisphere , I 'd offer 9 to 1 odds that within a couple of weeks , you 'll go back to not thinking about Haiti again for a longish time .
For a moment , though , I 'd like you to think about that history , remember ( or learn ) a couple of things about it .
Here 's why : the immediate disaster will be over by the end of the day , for all practical purposes .
Disaster recovery teams are deploying throughout Port au Prince , and frankly , at this point , just about everybody who is going to die from the earthquake is already dead .
It has stopped getting worse .
So now , while a few people still care , is the time to think about what happens next .
( The odds are , what happens next is " nothing , " and Haiti goes back to being " the land where children eat mud . " )
The observation has been widely made that ordinary cities do n't collapse from an earthquake the size of the one that just hit Port au Prince , and ordinary countries have better and more widely dispersed disaster recovery teams of their own .
Haiti , though , is special , and there 's a reason for that :
A capsule summary of colonial history is essential at this point .
Basically everywhere south of US Interstate highway 70 , that is to say basically everywhere south of the 40th parallel north , the European colonial pattern was the same , and still shows .
The intent of the European powers was to use their military superiority to carve the agriculturally viable and mineral - valuable parts of the New World into estates , haciendas , plantations for white nobility .
To that end , everywhere south of I - 70 , what they sent were :
This did n't work as well as they would have liked , because part of Europe 's military superiority came from the fact that anywhere from 1/3rd to 9/10ths of the natives were dying off of smallpox and tuberculosis .
So the surviving native slaves were supplemented in numbers by , and encouraged to interbreed with , African pagans who had been sold into slavery to the white people , mostly by African Muslims .
When " decolonization " happened and these former colonies achieved their independence , basically nothing changed almost anywhere in the hemisphere .
The same few white families who had been granted ownership of everyone and everything continued to own everyone and everything .
The same slightly less few upper middle class white families continued to send their kids to college to be the white professionals and bureaucrats who ran those countries for the white owners of the countries , and to be the military officers who ruled over the mixed poor - white and brown / black foot soldiers who keep the brown / black poor , the descendants of the slaves , in thinly disguised slavery .
But Hispaniola , the island of which Haiti is the western half , started out special .
By the time it was safe enough for the nobles to move in , there were exactly zero inhabitants left to enslave .
When the native population of Hispaniola realized that they were going to lose , they fought to the death , and the last surviving women , children , and the elderly committed mass suicide rather than have their children grow up under European rule , and if I were a praying Christian , I would pray for their heroic , martyred souls every Sunday .
So even before the island got divided up between the French and the Spanish , the slave caste of Hispaniola was 100 % black , not thebrown / black mix that most Americans think of when they think of " Hispanics .
" But Haiti got even weirder , by western hemisphere standards , because it did n't get its independence from France by having its white population rebel against European rule and enlisting their slaves to fight " for freedom . "
No , Haiti is the only country in the western hemisphere to win its independence from Europe against the wishes of its white minority , to win its independence in a slave revolt .
And that is why , unlike every other country and state south of the 40th north line of latitude , when Haiti got its independence , And , even more to the point , that is why it became official US policy all the way backthat Haiti must fail , a policy that has remained to this very day under every US president but two , Carter and Clinton , and under every British prime minister since then until now , and under every French president until the current administration : the world must never see , the world 's poor must never see , the world 's former and current slaves must never , never see a slave rebellion that works .
Period .
To that end , the US and all European nations declared war on Haiti as soon as it won its independence , and stayed that war upon the promise of a terrifyingly highthe Haitian people had to pay back France the full market value of every acre of property in Haiti and the full slave market value of every Haitian citizen , or else be the victims of a threatened genocidal war by the armed , mechanized might of the white world .
They paid it .
It took them until 1948 , it took them working their fingers to the bone every single one of them and shipping every penny they earned by exporting all but starvation - level food overseas to do it , but they bought themselves .
And were poised to succeed .
And , well , we could n't have that .
What if black Americans were to see a thriving , prosperous black country , just 70 miles off the Florida coast , doing just fine without any white rulers ?
The result could be unthinkable levels of violence , maybe even armed revolution .
So in 1957 , just as Haiti was starting to recover from centuries of deprivation , the US backed the private army of would - be dictator Francois " Papa Doc " Duvalier , and gave him clear marching orders : he was to sink Haiti back into debt that it could n't pay .
The Duvaliers , and their successors from within his private murderous army , have consistently used weapons sent to them for free by the US government , and backed by invasion by the US Marine Corps whenever that was n't enough and democracy threatened to break out , to force the Haitian government to take out hundreds of billions of dollars in loans in the name of the Haitian people , and give at least 80 % of that money to the Duvalier family and their followers .
And every time they get close to paying it off , every time it even starts to look like some day they might pay it off , the Duvalierists ( still ! ) take out more loans , and steal that money , too .
Less than 20 % of that money was used to build the roads and bridges and railroads and factories and food processing plants and schools and firehouses and other infrastructure that a modern economy needs .
It was , quite intentionally , nowhere near enough : the Haitian people were told , on pain of re-invasion by the US and its allies , that they could not have any of those things until they paid off the Duvaliers ' loans , loans that they will never be allowed to pay off .
So when the earthquake hit , they had almost none of those things , and the few that they had were shoddily built because that was all they were allowed to spend , and they died by the tens of thousands : murdered by America 's fierce determination to kill them rather than let them succeed .
Nor will they be allowed to succeed after this , if our political class , yes , including Barack Obama , are not challenged :
And as anybody who 's studied the history of the International Monetary Fund and its " emergency stabilization loan " program will tell you , those loans come with murderous strings attached : none of that money can be used to build any of the public infrastructure or train or hire any of the government workers that would be needed to raise Haiti out of desperation and anarchy .
It ca n't be used to hire teachers to teach the Haitians to compete in a global economy .
It ca n't be used to build roads for them to get their goods to the port , it can't be used to improve the port so that more countries can buy their exports , it can't be used to hire and supervise truly professional police or the independent oversight boards and judges it would take to make it safe for Haitians to invest in and run their own businesses , that loan money can't be used for any of the things .
It can only be used to fund the expropriation of more food from Haitians ' own mouths , more assets from the island if any can be found , plus every dollar of those loans , back into the hands of the American and European governments and banks that lent it in the first place .
What can you do about it , what can I do about it ?
Probably not much .
Withdraw your consent ; it 's probably not enough , but it 's better than nothing .
Just about every year , one or more members of the US 's Black Congressional Caucus introduces a Haiti debt relief bill , a bill to cancel all of Haiti 's foreign debts and to require that all future aid to Haiti be in the form of grants , not loans .
But since this idea is " radical " and " out of the mainstream " ( that is to say , unacceptable to America 's wealthy elite and to the graduates of the universities , funded by that wealthy elite , who run the country on behalf of the wealthy elite , since as Dr. Chomsky pointed out back when he was still sane , thatwhat the word " radical " means in politics ) , calling your congressman and your senator and asking them to support debt relief for Haiti probably wo n't do any good , not so long as our political class consists almost entirely of people who were taught oh - so - carefully that loans are better than grants .
You can argue to them that since none of the Haitian people were allowed to benefit from those loans , and since any further loans will be stolen before the benefits get to the Haitian people , that it 's morally wrong to expect the Haitian people to pay them back .
Maybe that argument will carry water , now that there are piles of corpses to show your congressman and your senator .
But probably not .
Any bills to enact this are unlikely to come to a vote in the next three weeks .
And within three weeks , everybody not actively engaged in keeping the Haitian people down will have , once again , forgotten all about Haiti .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
More guns in law - abiding hands mean less crime .
The District of Columbia proves the point .
Reading most press accounts , one would be forgiven for thinking Armageddon had arrived after the Supreme Court struck down the District ’s handgun ban in 2008 .
Predictions sprung forth from all directions that allowing more citizens to own guns and not forcing them to keep them locked up was going to threaten public safety .
According to D.C. Mayor Adrian
Fenty , more guns in homes would cause more violent crime .
This has never been the case .
Local politicians enthusiastically embraced the 1977 handgun ban predicting it would make Washington a safe place by dramatically reducing murder rates .
But they were as wrong three decades ago as they are now .
A telling story is illustrated by the murder numbers since the handgun ban and gun-lock bans were struck down .
Between 2008 and 2009 , the FBI ’s preliminary numbers indicate that murders fell nationally by 10 percent and by about 8 percent in cities that have between 500,000 and 999,999 people .
Washington ’s population is about 590,000 .
During that same period of time , murders in the District fell by an astounding 25 percent , dropping from 186 to 140 .
The city only started allowing its citizens to own handguns for defense again in late 2008 .
Few who lived in Washington during the 1970s can forget the upswing in crime that started right after the ban was originally passed .
In the five years before the 1977 ban , the murder rate fell from 37 to 27 murders per 100,000 .
In the five years after the gun ban went into effect , the murder rate rose back up to 35 .
One fact is particularly hard to ignore : D.C. ’s murder rate fluctuated after 1976 but only once fell below what it was in 1976 before the ban .
That aberration happened years later , in 1985 .
This correlation between the D.C. gun ban and diminished safety was not a coincidence .
Look at the Windy City .
Immediately after Chicago banned handguns in 1982 , the murder rate , which had been falling almost continually for a decade , started to rise .
Chicago ’s murder rate rose relative to other large cities as well .
The phenomenon of higher murder rates after gun bans are passed is not just limited to the United States .
Every single time a country has passed a gun ban , its murder rate soared .
The choice Americans face is n’t between freedom or safety .
Washington ’s experience with gun bans shows once again that Americans will either be free and safe or unfree and unsafe .
Letting people protect themselves is the responsible approach .
It ’s important the Supreme Court remember these facts in March when it hears the case over Chicago ’s handgun ban .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Courtesy of Mike Whitney writing at Global Research
Is the Fed manipulating the stock market ?
TrimTabs CEO
Charles Biderman seems to think so , and he makes a strong case for his theory in an article at zerohedge.com .
Biderman focuses his attention on the mystery surrounding the stock market ’s 9 - month rally and asks , " Where is the money coming from ? "
After all , the market cap has increased by more than $ 6 trillion since March 9 .
That amount of money should be fairly easy to trace ; right ?
Wrong .
Biderman : " The most positive economic development in 2009 was the stock market rally .
( But ) We cannot identify the source of the new money that pushed stock prices up so far so fast .
For the most part , the money did not from the traditional players that provided money in the past . "
Huh ?
So , this vast infusion of liquidity -- which helped the banks to avoid painful deleveraging -- did not come from the usual suspects ?
That ’s right .
According to Biderman , the money did not come from ( a ) companies ( " which were a huge net seller " ) ( b ) retail investor funds , ( c ) retail investors , ( d ) foreign investors , or ( e ) pension funds .
What about the hedge funds ?
Biderman : " We have no way to track in real time what hedge funds do , and they may well have shifted some assets into U.S. equities .
But we doubt their buying power was enormous because they posted an outflow of $ 12 billion from April through November . "
Okay ; so we ’re back to Square One .
Where did the money come from ?
Biderman again : " As far as we know , it is not illegal for the Federal Reserve or the U.S. Treasury to buy S&P 500 futures .
Moreover , several officials have suggested the government should support stock prices .
For example , former Fed board member Robert Heller opined in the Wall Street Journal in 1989 , “ Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thereby stabilizing the market as a whole . ”
In a Financial Times article in 2002 , an unidentified Fed official was quoted as acknowledging that policymakers had considered buying U.S. equities directly , not just futures .
The official mentioned that the Fed could “ theoretically buy anything to pump money into the system . ”
Biderman is referring to the Plunge Protection Team .
Here ’s a clip from an article I wrote in 2007 which helps to clarify the PPT ’s origins :
" The Working Group on Financial Markets , also know as the Plunge Protection Team , was created by Ronald Reagan to prevent a repeat of the Wall Street meltdown of October 1987 .
Its members include the Secretary of the Treasury , the Chairman of the Federal Reserve , the Chairman of the SEC and the Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
Recently , ( 2007 ) the team has been put on high alert because of increased market volatility and , what Hank Paulson calls , the systemic risk posed by hedge funds and derivatives … .
Ambrose Evans - Pritchard of the UK Telegraph notes , " Secretary of the Treasury Hank Paulson has called for the PPT to meet with greater frequency and set up a command centre at the US Treasury that will track global markets and serve as an operations base in the next crisis .
The top brass will meet every six weeks , combining the heads of Treasury , Federal Reserve , Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , and key exchanges . "
This suggests that the PPT could , in fact , be the driving - force behind the ongoing stock market rally .
Biderman : " This type of intervention could explain some of the unusual market action in recent months , with stock prices grinding higher on low volume even as companies sold huge amounts of new shares and retail investors stayed on the sidelines .
For example , Tyler Durden of ZeroHedge has pointed out that virtually all of the market ’s upside since mid-September has come from after - hours S&P 500 futures activity . "
True .
The market has been behaving erratically for some time now .
Could it be the " invisible hand " of Fed chair Ben Bernanke nudging equities ever - higher ?
Consider the comments of former Clinton advisor George Stephanopoulos who verified the existence of the PPT in an appearance on Good Morning America on Sept 17 , 2000 .
He said :
" What I wanted to talk about for a few minutes is the various efforts that are going on in public and behind the scenes by the Fed and other government officials to guard against a free - fall in the markets . . . perhaps the most important the Fed in 1989 created what is called the Plunge Protection Team , which is the Federal Reserve , big major banks , representatives of the New York Stock Exchange and the other exchanges and they have been meeting informally so far , and they have a kind of an informal agreement among major banks to come in and start to buy stock if there appears to be a problem .
They have in the past acted more formally . . .
I do n’t know if you remember but in 1998 , there was a crisis called the Long term Capital Crisis .
It was a major currency trader and there was a global currency crisis .
And they , with the guidance of the Fed , all of the banks got together when it started to collapse and propped up the currency markets .
And , they have plans in place to consider that if the markets start to fall . "
If there was ever a time that warranted government intervention , it was right after Lehman Bros blew up and global markets went into freefall .
The whole system was teetering and about to collapse .
It ’s likely that the Fed recognized the danger and made a last - ditch effort to avoid another Great Depression .
That means that Bernanke probably used his surrogates at the banks and brokerages to strategically purchase futures and equities that had the best chance of reversing the downward trend .
What else could he do — sit on his hands and wait for Armageddon ?
The problem is , no steps have been taken to prevent a similar catastrophe from occurring in the future .
The same lethal debt - instruments that triggered the crisis are in play today ; over $ 1 trillion in toxic assets still remain on the banks balance sheets , and nothing has been done to reduce financial sector debt .
In fact , according to the Fed , total debt for the financial sector was $ 16.5 trillion in the second quarter 2009 , the same as it was a year earlier .
Nothing has changed .
Financial institutions are re-levering and taking on greater risks knowing that the government will bail them out if they get into trouble .
At the same time , the Fed ’s lending programs have kept markets from fully - correcting by keeping asset prices artificially high .
This has helped the banks to conceal their losses and appear healthier than they really are .
The question is ; how long can the charade go on before something gives ?
Policymakers seem to believe that blanket government guarantees and stock market manipulation are enough to forestall another disaster .
But critics think that a day of reckoning is fast approaching .
Mike Whitney is a frequent contributor to Global Research .
Global Research Articles by Mike Whitney
*****
Second Photo by Rob Kirby , at Financial Sense .
This entry was posted on Sunday , January 3rd , 2010 at 3:52 am and is filed under Phil 's Favorites .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
SPIEGEL Interview with Architect Albert Speer Jr. ' The Slums of the 21st Century Are Being Built in Dubai '
In an interview with SPIEGEL , German architect Albert Speer Jr. says Dubai's Burj Khalifa tower is purely a vanity project and argues that the emirate is an example of failed urban planning .
Saxo Bank has today announced its withdrawal of sponsorship from the Danish professional cycling team that bears its name run by Bjarne Riis at the end of the 2010 season .
The online trading and investment specialist has decided that it is not seeing the expected business return on its sponsorship of the team .
>>
Save up to 31 % with a magazine subscription .
Enjoy the luxury of home delivery and never miss an issue <<
“ Our collaboration with Bjarne Riis , the riders and the rest of Team Saxo Bank has been fantastic , and we are really looking forward to supporting the team in 2010 , ” said Saxo Bank CEO and co-founder Lars Seier Christensen .
“ We have enjoyed the journey that we have travelled with them .
We recognise that the sponsorship has given us a great branding opportunity and increased our name recognition around the world .
“ However , we also have to acknowledge that the sponsorship has not been ideal in reaching our narrow target group .
We have to take this seriously and after 2010 we will use our marketing funds differently .
It is our belief that a sponsor with a broader profile will achieve much more from sponsoring the cycling team . ”
Riis ’s team has suffered more than its fair share of sponsorship troubles in the past few years .
In March 2008 title sponsor CSC stated that it would end its financial support of the team at the end of that year ’s season .
Then in December 2008 , team co-sponsor IT Factory declared itself bankrupt after its chief executive Stein Bagger was discovered to have embezzled 500 million kroner ( £ 57 million ) from the firm .
The Saxo Bank ProTour team is home to 2010 Tour de France hopeful Andy Schleck – second behind winner Alberto Contador in 2009 – and brother Frank Schleck .
It also includes time trial multi-champion Fabian Cancellara .
Related links
New CSC team sponsor bankrupt
CSC to end cycling sponsorship
SOUTH African police caught more than they expected in a Cape Town drug raid when a strap - on dildo fell off a suspected crime lord during a search , the Sunday Times reported .
Fat Murphy , feared on the streets of Cape Town 's notorious Cape Flats suburb , told a court that he is a hermaphrodite who holds male and female identity documents - one under the name Fadwaan , the other under Hilary .
Police and a tearful Murphy recounted the saga during a bail hearing for Murphy 's charges of possession of stolen property , which come on top of earlier charges of kidnapping and intimidation , the paper said .
" I had a vagina that could not be penetrated .
But I also had male organs , testes .
But I always knew I was really a man and that was what I wanted to be , " he told the court , according to the newspaper .
" God created me with both sexual organs .
It was God 's decision , not mine . "
Murphy has been married twice - his second wife 's name is tattooed on his arm .
He said received his male identity documents after undergoing surgery to remove his female organs when he was in his teens , the paper said .
Police say Murphy offered them 9,100 rand ( $ 1300 ) not to search him during the raid .
Police said they were investigating how Murphy obtained his male identity documents , saying they found no records of him undergoing sex change surgery .
Murphy was released on 300 rand ( $ 43 ) bail .
Mount Mayon has been spewing lava and ash for more than a week
Scientists in the Philippines have raised the alert level for the volatile volcano Mount Mayon , amid fears of an imminent eruption .
It is now at four out of a possible five , meaning a hazardous eruption " is possible within days " .
Level five is when a major eruption has begun .
Scientists raised the level after the number of volcanic earthquakes more than doubled on Sunday .
The cone - shaped volcano has already been emitting lava and ash for days .
About 40,000 people who live near Mount Mayon have been moved to temporary shelters .
Forced moves
Scientists detected 453 volcanic earthquakes in a five - hour span on Sunday , compared to just over 200 Saturday , said Renato Solidum , chief of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology .
Powerful booms emanating from the volcano , audible up to 12 km ( 7.5 miles ) away , and continued lava flows all contributed to the raised alert level .
But despite the risks , local authorities estimate that roughly 1,300 families are still in their homes within the danger zone , unwilling to leave their farms and livestock .
" We will personally remove the residents who refuse to evacuate to their designated evacuation centres , " said Albay provincial governor Joey Salceda .
About 8,600 families , or 43,000 people , have already taken shelter in government centres beyond the zone .
Officials said they were strengthening the army and police enforcement of an exclusion zone at least eight km ( 4.3 miles ) around the volcano .
Past history
Philippine officials first raised the alert level for Mayon last Monday .
Mr Solidum said the pattern of volcanic activity was similar to Mayon 's last eruption in 2006 , when it expelled lava and steam for two months .
Mayon , 330 km ( 206 miles ) south - east of the capital Manila , has erupted 48 times since records began .
The most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns .
However the volcano remains a popular tourist attraction and is famous for its perfect cone .
From The Rachel Maddow Show Oct. 29 , 2009 .
Rachel reports that Evan Bayh is now walking back from his comments made on CBS News and has released this statement :
Senator Bayh will support moving forward to a health care debate on the Senate floor , where he will work hard to address his concerns and craft affordable legislation that reduces the deficit and lowers health care costs for Indiana families and small businesses .
Maddow :
In other words according to his office 's statement today Sen .
Bayh is now promising to allow the bill to come to the floor , but would he still like Lieberman filibuster the final vote with Republicans ?
Would he block a majority vote on the final bill and force his party to get sixty votes to pass health reform instead of fifty ?
Well , exclusively this afternoon Sen .
Bayh told us this .
He told us that his position on health reform is not the same as Sen. Lieberman .
Sen .
Bayh told us it is extraordinarily unlikely that he would filibuster health reform .
He said there is nothing in the bill he is aware of now that would cause him to vote to filibuster and he said that he currently " ca n't think of a set of circumstances under which he would vote against cloture .
What does this mean ?
It means that it 's been a very big 24 hours for health reform .
Sen .
Bayh 's statement as of 24 hours ago indicated that he had walked through the door that Joe Lieberman had opened -- that he was willing to go even further than Joe Lieberman — not only willing to filibuster the final bill on health reform , but to filibuster any debate as well , both of those perceived threats from Sen.
Evan Bayh of Indiana have been walked way back .
Which means that Joe Lieberman stands alone — Joe Lonely .
For a minute there , charismatic high school teacher Ron Jones had everyone , including himself , convinced that he was a power lord leading what he called the Third Wave .
It was only a classroom experiment that lasted five days .
But it went maybe too far , with the salutes and bodyguards and all , and ended up costing Jones his job and his future as a high school teacher .
What he got in return - during the 43 years since the experiment - was a magazine article that became a TV drama that was novelized by another writer and became an international best - seller .
A documentary , " Lesson Plan : The Story of the Third Wave , " is entering the film festival circuit in April .
Both the Third Wave and Jones are known everywhere but in the United States and especially here in the Bay Area , where the experiment took place .
This may change as a musical called " The Wave " has its world premiere tonight at the Marsh in the Mission District .
Of the various theatrical adaptations , this is the only one written by Jones with input from the students who were part of the strange new world he created at Cubberley High School in Palo Alto .
" It 's the first time the story is being told with some accuracy about what really happened , " says Jones , 69 , while grinding coffee beans in his house up the hill from the Haight .
" This is kind of like a ghost that keeps reappearing in my life .
Occasionally it has reached out and grabbed me by the neck , " says Jones , who would count this as one of those times .
" I 've been invited to do an exorcism in Germany .
When has that happened to someone ?
I'm a San Francisco gym teacher . "
The story starts in the spring of 1967 , when Jones was a first - year history teacher and basketball coach .
It was a time and a place open to the style of teaching that Jones wanted to pursue after coming out of Stanford University with a master 's degree in education and international relations .
Simulation was a trend
Simulation was in vogue for introducing abstract ideas .
One of the abstractions was fascism in World War II , and Jones decided to simulate it by turning his world history classroom into a one - day fascist state .
It was a morning class of 25 or 26 sophomores , and Jones introduced discipline by having them practice marching into class in an orderly fashion and sitting at their desks with perfect posture and smiles .
Jones figured that was the end of it , but when he came in the second morning , they were all sitting with perfect posture again .
They liked this game , and that is where the trouble began .
By the end of day two , participating students had developed a secret hallway salute , which caused enough campus curiosity that by day three there were 200 students or more , including kids who had heard about it at rival high schools Palo Alto and Gunn , jamming his classroom to be part of the Third Wave .
" Now it was not just a simulation , " says Jones .
" The Third Wave was becoming something bigger , and I was a victim of my own excitement .
I loved the power of it and the adulation . "
On the fourth day , Jones raised the stakes by telling his students that the Third Wave was part of a national movement .
They were " the vanguard , the soldiers of the future " and they would hold a rally on day five to meet their national leader in a televised speech .
By then the Third Wave soldiers were in white shirts , and they crammed into a small auditorium .
Jones turned the TV on to meet their new leader and it was nothing but white static .
After a few confusing moments , a slide projector came on with images of Adolf Hitler indoctrinating his youth .
" I said , ' This is where we are going .
We 're no better and no worse than the Germans we 've been studying , ' " Jones says .
" This is our future unless we understand the need for freedom . "
Students were shocked
It was a hard lesson and a bit much for high schoolers .
" Some are crying .
Some are bursting out of the room , " says Jones .
" It had gone way too far .
I was lucky I could bring it to an end . "
That was n't the only end he brought it to .
Two years later , he was let go .
Nobody said it was specifically because of the Third Wave experiment , but nobody said it was n't , either .
He never went back to the ' 50s - style flattop campus on Middlefield Road , which closed in 1979 , and he failed to find another high school that would hire him .
Jones became a punk rocker and has written 30 books , but he could n't face his own story until one of his students , Philip Neel , a Los Angeles film editor , decided to make a documentary .
Neel tracked down a dozen of his Third Wave classmates , plus their parents , the school principal and Jones .
" If this happened today , there would be lawsuits galore , " says Neel , who also interviewed psychologist Philip Zimbardo , creator of the famed Stanford prison cell experiment .
Coincidentally , the German feature " Die Welle , " based on the experiment , premiered at Sundance two years ago .
As part of the screening , Jones and his students were invited to answer questions .
" All of a sudden , we realized the story had international implications , " says Jones , who came home from Sundance and approached the Marsh , where he has done three solo shows .
He applied for a $ 40,000 grant to fund the musical ; when he did n't get it , he formed his own partnership with the Marsh , Mercy High School for girls in San Francisco and some of his punk friends .
Then he reached out to the original Third Wave class , some of whom are still traumatized by it .
' Monsters within us '
" For the first time in 40 years , I 'm now engaged in conversation with my old students , " he says .
" Once I had the underpinning of what really happened to all those kids , I could write the play through their eyes .
It 's like a secret that we have .
We know there are monsters within us . "
The performers in " The Wave " are from the Marsh Youth Theater 's Teen Troupe .
Jones is at every rehearsal , making sure they do it right , but not too right .
He wo n't let them use the original salute , so they 've made up one of their own .
Being at rehearsal reminds him of what he lost besides his teaching career .
" What I love more than anything is being around high school kids , " he says .
" They 're so hopeful . "
The Wave : Musical .
By Ron Jones Through Feb. 14 . The Marsh , 1062 Valencia St. , S.F. $ 14 , $ 7 students .
( 800 ) 838-3006 . www.themarsh.org.
Microsoft launched Windows 7 in October last year
Microsoft has reported a 60 % jump in profit , thanks largely to " exceptional demand " for Windows 7 .
Net profit came in at $ 6.66 bn ( £ 4.13bn ) for the three months to 31 December 2009 , up from the $ 4.18 bn it made in the same period a year earlier .
It also reported record revenues of $ 19.2bn , which comfortably beat analysts ' forecasts .
" We are thrilled by the consumer reception to Windows 7 , " said Kevin Turner , chief operating officer .
" This is a record quarter for Windows units . "
Microsoft released Windows 7 in October last year .
' Outstanding '
Windows 7 has proved to be Microsoft 's best - selling operating system to date after the disappointing Vista .
The online business came in line and the only business shy of expectations was Xbox
Brendan Barnicle , Pacific Crest Securities
Strong festive trading at Amazon
Microsoft was helped by a rebound in personal computer sales in the run-up to Christmas .
The company 's results are closely tied to computer sales because its two most profitable divisions make the Windows Operating System and Office business software .
" These are outstanding numbers , " said Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities .
" The upside was in the Windows business and service and tools , and Office business .
The online business came in line and the only business shy of expectations was Xbox . "
Shares in Microsoft rose 25 cents , or 0.9 % , to $ 29.41 in after - hours trading .
Reporting season
The company did not make any specific profit or sales forecasts , after making the decision to stop doing so in January 2009 , citing market volatility .
Microsoft is the latest technology company to report earnings results .
Yahoo and Apple both announced higher profits earlier this week , while Google reported strong figures last week .
However , Nintendo saw a near 10 % fall in profits after a slowdown in sales of its Wii games console .
The female cane toad can pump herself up to mega - size to throw off smaller males striving to mate with her , Australian biologists said .
The unusual tactic suggests that female anurans , as frogs and toads are called , may have far more power to select their sex partner than thought , according to their study in in the British journal , Biology Letters .
Female cane toads ( Bufo marinus ) are typically choosier than males when it comes to reproduction .
They discriminate among potential mates by approaching the toad with the best call .
But as they head to a rendezvous with the hunk with the mightiest ribbit , they also have to run the gauntlet of excited rival males .
An unwanted suitor will seek to climb on the female 's back , grasping her tightly in the armpit or groin , waiting until she starts laying her eggs in order to fertilise them .
This is where the pneumatic trick comes in , say the scientists , led by Benjamin Phillips of the University of Sydney .
By inflating sacs in her body , the female is able to loosen the grip and the luckless male slides off her body , defeated .
As a result , the female is able to choose the size of her mate , a factor that is important to the species , says the team .
Fertilisation among cane toads is most successful when males and females are similar in size .
Mr Phillips and his two colleagues worked on the small - to - XXXL hunch after noting that the cane toad puffs itself up in the presence of a predator to make itself look scarier .
Female toads likewise inflate at copulation time , but until now this was presumed to be a reflex to being pushed , kicked and occasionally flipped over as panting males wrestled for amorous contact .
- AFP
A Concise , Executable Guide to JavaScript Objects , Variables , Functions , and Prototypes
This document was originally created by Steve Jorgensen on December 8th , 2009 and was last updated on December 15th , 2009 .
Feel free to modify and / or republish this file , but please retain the authorship note above and any other authorship comments in the individual example entries .
If you make any changes that you would like added to the original copy , please email them to stevej@stevej.name .
This file contains a number of scripts , each in its own tag , and each writing its output to a corresponding element in a global array called ' outputs ' .
After all of those scripts have been executed , another script writes the code and output of each example to the page ( below ) so it can be read in a Web browser .
Two bank robbers who blew themselves up trying to make a sizable withdrawal from an ATM have been declared the 2009 winners of the Darwin Awards – while the first woman to be nominated came in third .
2009 Darwin Awards Winner :
“ The city of Dinant is the backdrop for this rare Double Darwin Award .
Two bankrobbers attempting to make a sizeable withdrawal from an ATM died when they overestimated the quantity of dynamite needed for the explosion .
The blast demolished the building the bank was housed in .
Nobody else was in the building at the time of the attack .
Robber
One was rushed to the hospital with severe head trauma ; he died shortly after arrival .
Investigators initially assumed that his accomplice had managed a getway , but the second bungler ’s body was excavated from the debris twelve hours later .
Would - be Robbers One and Two were n’t exactly impoverished –their getaway car was a BMW . ”
Organisers say the annual “ prize ” is given to “ those doing the most to improve the human gene pool … by removing themselves from it ” .
This year the dubious first place went to the pair of bungling thieves in Belgium who wildly overestimated the amount of dynamite they needed to rob a bank .
They both were killed when the blast demolished the entire building the ATM was housed in .
Police only found the body of the second robber some twelve hours after digging through the debris .
They had initially assumed he had made a getaway .
The bankrobbers just edged ahead of Florida man Shawn Motero , who was stuck in a traffic jam when nature called .
He got out of his car and jumped over a concrete wall to find a more secluded spot .
Unfortunately , the 30 - year - old had not realized he was on a bridge and fell 65 ft ( 19.8 m ) to his death .
Award organisers said the accident proved you should “ look before you leak ” .
Police revealed Mr Motero had been drinking at a bar in Pompano Beach before his tragic death , adding : ‘ He probably thought there was a road , but there was n’t . ’
The first woman to be nominated for the award came in at third place .
Rosanne Tippett drove her moped through a police road block – straight into a flooded river .
After being rescued by police she jumped back into the water to rescue her vehicle – and drowned .
Before embarking on her final journey the 50 - year - old had phoned her mother and told her : “ My moped has two rubber wheels , Mom , I ’ll be fine . ”
Her mum later admitted : “ She loved that thing . ”
Other nominees for the 2009 awards included an armed robber who used gold spray paint to disguise his face as he raided a convenience store .
The paint released toxic fumes and Thomas James , from South Carolina , collapsed and died shortly after the robbery .
To add insult to injury , the disguise did n’t work – with witnesses having no problem identifying the 23 - year - old .
SOURCE : http://www.darwinawards.com
At times , the moonscape land of Ladakh can appear as dry as a desert .
In this most northerly part of India , tucked high in the Himalayas , there is virtually no rainfall and almost 75 per cent of the local farmers rely on meltwater from the glaciers to irrigate their once - a - year crops .
It was in Ladakh , confronted by receding glaciers – currently at the centre of an increasingly bitter dispute between scientists and Delhi – that Chewang Norphel , a government engineer , hit upon an idea to use nature to give the locals a helping hand with growing more food .
Seeing how much fresh water was wasted during the winter – as villagers left their taps running to prevent them freezing solid – and noticing the way that they stored snow on shaded areas of the mountain , he decided to create his own artificial glaciers .
That was more than a decade ago .
Now , with funding from the Indian army – which is keen to maintain the support of local people in a strategically sensitive area close to the border with China – Mr Norphel has created 10 artificial glaciers and is planning more .
Crucially he has constructed them at lower elevations than the naturally occurring glaciers so that they melt at least a month earlier , providing the farmers with an opportunity to produce a second harvest of wheat , barley , peas and potatoes .
Such has been his success that to local people and environmentalists , he is known simply as Mr Glacier .
" I am a civil engineer by training and I was working in rural development .
I had to visit every village and I noticed that all their problems were related to water , " Mr Norphel said .
" I thought about how to solve the problem .
There was a pipe near my house that provided water for a village .
During the winter we had to keep it open to stop it freezing .
I thought that if we could hold that water it would all turn into ice . "
The engineer set about building a system of pipes with holes in them that diverted water to a shaded part of the hillside and slowly reduced the volume as the water froze to ice .
Over the years he has fine - tuned the design of the glaciers and their location on the hillsides .
Natural glaciers , he explained , begin to melt in June or July but by locating his artificial constructions 4,000 ft lower down the valley , he is able to ensure they melt in May , which is typically when farmers finish sowing their crops .
Last year his teams built three glaciers for Stamko , one of many villages that have suffered from a drastic lack of water for farming .
" There are a total of 113 rural villages in Ladakh and 80 of them depend on the glaciers for irrigation , " he said .
The magical but fragile eco-system of Ladakh and its traditional inhabitants are threatened most directly by the ironic combination of droughts and floods .
Mr Norphel , 74 , is certain of several things : that the glaciers are retreating more quickly than before ; that the region receives less snowfall and moisture than it did when he was younger ; and that the region is progressively getting warmer .
The engineer 's instincts are supported by a survey recently conducted by Geres India , a rural development organisation based in Ladakh .
It found a remarkable rising trend of average temperatures by 1C for winter and 5C for summer between 1973 and 2008 .
During the same period , rainfall and snowfall had shown a clear declining trend .
" Altogether snowfall has come down by almost 60 per cent in the past 50 years , " the group 's spokesman , Tundup Angmo , told Reuters .
Yet India 's Himalayan glaciers are currently the focus of heated debate .
This week the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) admitted that a claim included in a 938 - page scientific report that all of India 's glaciers would disappear by 2035 was incorrect , after it emerged it was based on an unsubstantiated media report .
The IPCC expressed its " regret [ for ] the poor application of well - established IPCC procedures in this instance " .
India 's environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , often attacked by activists , seized on the admission .
" The health of the glaciers is a cause of grave concern , but the IPCC 's alarmist position that they would melt by 2035 was not based on an iota of scientific evidence , " he told reporters .
Mr Ramesh 's ministry recently published a study paper which claimed that the Himalayan glaciers , which give birth to several key river systems including the Indus , Ganges and Brahmaputra , which provide water to hundreds of millions of people , had not retreated abnormally .
Elections to Watch in 2010
HLA HLA HTAY / AFP / Getty Images
UKRAINE
Type : presidential
Date : January 17
What to watch :
What a difference five years makes .
In 2005 , current Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko took power in a popular uprising known as the Orange Revolution , defeating the Moscow - backed Viktor Yanukovych after a disputed first - round result .
But Yushchenko has had less success as a president than as a revolutionary .
A faltering economy and ongoing corruption scandals have left Ukraine with the least popular government on Earth .
The president is trailing badly to Yanukovych and his one - time Orange ally Yulia Tymoshenko .
In another odd twist , the one - time nationalist firebrand Tymoshenko has made nice with Vladimir Putin since the election and is now said to be the Kremlin ’s preferred choice .
Interference by Russia in the event of a disputed election is another concern .
HALED DESOUKI /AFP / Getty Images
IRAQ
Type : parliamentary
Date : March 7
What to watch :
After months of sectarian bickering and political wrangling , Iraq ’s parliament finally agreed in December on a law to pave the way for nationwide elections .
The parliament will be expanded to 50 seats , with a number of districts gerrymandered to give more seats to the Kurds , who believe they were underrepresented in the previous arrangement .
Although Iraq ’s parties still largely break down along sectarian lines , their political alliances have grown more complex .
Most notably , Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki has formed an alliance with a number of Sunni parties to head off a challenge from Shiite religious parties led by hard - line cleric Muqtada al - Sadr .
As always , security is a concern , and authorities claim that a recent spate of bombings in Baghdad are the result of insurgents attempting to derail the election process .
Whatever the result , the elections will be a test of the Iraqi state ’s ability to function as the United States begins to draw down its combat forces .
JAY DIRECTO / AFP / Getty Images
PHILIPPINES
Type : presidential
Date : May 10
What to watch : Filipinos will see a crowded field of familiar names on the ballot this year .
Former President Joseph Estrada , overthrown in 2001in a popular uprising amid widespread corruption allegations , is planning to retake the presidency .
He is likely to face billionaire businessman and politician Manny Villar , who as speaker of the House of Representatives presided over Estrada ’s impeachment proceedings .
Benigno “ Noynoy ” Aquino , son of late president and democracy icon Corazon Aquino , has also announced he will run .
Despite the soap opera , Vice President Noli de Castro will be tough to beat if he throws his hat in the ring .
Meanwhile , in the lawless southern Philippines , tragedy struck in November when 57 people were killed while trying to register a local candidate , part of a recent upsurge in clan violence that is expected to worsen as the election approaches .
MASSOUD HOSSAINI /AFP / Getty Images
AFGHANISTAN
Type : legislative and local
Date : May 22
What to watch : After 2009 ’s presidential election debacle , Afghanistan will get another chance in 2010 with national legislative and regional elections .
If anything , though , these elections could be an even tougher challenge with more than 3,000 candidates running nationwide .
In Afghanistan ’s violence - wracked south , voting will be particularly difficult .
It remains to be seen if the widespread fraud and mismanagement of the last parliamentary elections in 2005 , combined with the disappointment of the presidential election , will dampen Afghans ’ once considerable enthusiasm for the election process .
CRIS BOURONCLE /AFP / Getty Images
EGYPT
Type : parliamentary
Date : May 22
What to watch :
In 2005 , candidates from the officially banned Muslim Brotherhood party — running as independents — managed to win one - fifth of the seats in parliament .
Since then , however , the government has carried out a crackdown against the Islamist group , arresting hundreds of members and banning them from holding seats in the parliament ’s upper house .
Vote - rigging in favor of President Hosni Mubarak ’s National Democratic Party should be expected .
Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
COLOMBIA
Type : presidential
Date : May 30
What to watch : President Álvaro Uribe — whose crackdown on Colombia ’s drug cartels and FARC rebels have made him overwhelmingly popular — is attempting to amend the country ’s term - limits laws so that he can run again .
If he succeeds , Uribe , with an approval rating of nearly 70 percent , will be nearly impossible to beat , though winning a third time will likely result in a blow to his considerable international reputation and draw comparisons to his archrival , Venezuela ’s Hugo Chávez , who has also come under fire for amending term limits .
If not , his designated successor , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , would be considered the favorite over Liberal Party leader Rafael Pardo .
GUILLERMO LEGARIA /AFP / Getty Images
BRITAIN
Type : parliamentary
Date : May
What to watch : Criticized for everything from his handling of the financial crisis to an ongoing lawmakers ’ expenses scandal to the release of a convicted Libyan terrorist , Prime Minister Gordon Brown is staggeringly unpopular , and his Labour Party suffered its worst defeat in 40 years in last June ’s local elections .
Barring a miracle , Labour ’s 12 - year dominance of British politics is coming to an end , paving the way for the rise of Tory leader David Cameron , a self - described “ liberal Conservative ” whose views , beyond opposition to Brown , remain somewhat unclear .
The far - right British National Party , which has enjoyed recent success in local and European elections , is looking to make gains as well , thanks to widespread dissatisfaction with both mainstream parties .
EVARISTO SA / AFP / Getty Images
BRAZIL
Type : presidential
Date : October 3
What to watch : With President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva constitutionally barred from running for a third term , his relatively unknown chief of staff , Dilma Rousseff , trails São Paulo state ’s popular centrist governor , José Serra , in opinion polls .
However , Rousseff should benefit from campaigning with the hugely popular Lula , and the one - time guerrilla fighter can expect to win the support of smaller left - wing parties in the event of a runoff .
Neither candidate should be expected to deviate much from Lula ’s market - friendly brand of center - left leadership .
Alex Wong / Getty Images
UNITED STATES
Type : legislative
Date : November 2
What to watch : Like all midterm elections , next year ’s Senate and House races will be widely seen as a referendum on Barack Obama ’s presidency .
Down eight seats in the Senate and 79 in the House , the Republicans have a lot of ground to make up to retake control of Congress , but with major debates pending on health care , climate change , and Afghanistan strategy , there are plenty of opportunities to score points at the president ’s expense .
Obama ’s escalation in Afghanistan and compromises on health care have also angered much of his liberal base .
If Democratic candidates begin distancing themselves from the White House , it could be a bad sign for Obama in 2012 .
HLA HLA HTAY / AFP / Getty Images
BURMA
Type : parliamentary
Date : Unknown
What to watch : Burma has not held an election since 1990 , when the country ’s military rulers dismissed a landslide victory by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi’s National League for Democracy ( NLD ) and confined her to house arrest .
The country has largely been an international pariah since then , though there are signs that the Obama administration is looking to improve relations .
The junta has not yet revealed the date or procedure for the election or whether the NLD will be allowed to participate .
In the likely event of voter fraud , it will be interesting to see whether popular protests erupt , or whether the regime ’s brutal crackdown during the 2007 monks ’ protest succeeded in intimidating the opposition .
man : i want my frisbee back * hes talking to a tree * tree : no its mine man : what !?
tree : you heard me man : at least i'm not balding tree : hey !
it 's fall !
i can't help it !
that 's it !
i'm coming down there to smack you in the face * tree bends over , back cracks * tree : ow ! my back !
* man reaches to get frisbee * man : thanks for the frisbee gramps
Me : “ How can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ My son told me that to get broadband I ’d have to pay more money , but I told him that there was this thing from the phone company you put on the telephone cord that gave you broadband . ”
Me : “ You mean a noise canceler , sir ?
That is only for DSL lines through the phone company , not through us . ”
Customer : “ Diesel … Yeah , that ’s what I want !
So , can you hook me up with diesel broadband ? ”
Me : “ Sir , I ’m sorry we do n’t offer D - S - L Lines .
You have to call your phone company and have them installed . ”
Customer : “ Do you have unleaded lines ? ”
Me : “ Sir , it ’s DSL .
Not diesel as in the fuel . ”
Customer : “ You ’re not a very good company , then .
You ’re saying I ca n’t get diesel from you , but then telling me I ca n’t get unleaded , either . ”
Me : “ Sir , if you just call your phone company , I am sure they can help you . ”
Customer : “ Oh , okay , then . ”
( The customer starts mashing numbers on the keypad without hanging up .
I stay on the line . )
Me : “ Sir ? ”
Customer : “ I just talked to [ My Company ] and they said you have diesel lines . ”
Me : “ Sir you never hung up the phone .
This is still [ My Name ] from [ My Company ] . ”
Customer : “ Holy s***!
You work for both places ? ”
This story is part of our Customers Caught Lying roundup !
Read the next Customers Caught Lying roundup story !
Read the Customers Caught Lying roundup !
photo by Valerie Everett
Tightwads have their limits .
If you ’re frugal , you might buy the occasional convenience product , but you have a list of items you simply refuse to buy .
The price is n’t worth the benefit of a mini shortcut that saves only a couple of minutes or seems absolutely crazy to spend money on , such as over - processed or fast food .
What products do you refuse to buy ?
Here are a few products to reconsider .
SUGARY BOXED CEREAL :
It ’s expensive , and there are cheaper and healthier alternatives .
Tightwads prefer to make hot breakfast cereals , pancakes , eggs , waffles , fruit and yogurt , to name a few .
PLASTIC WRAP : Rather than use a disposable plastic product , tightwads choose reusable containers .
Many invest in versatile storage containers , such as CorningWare Pop - Ins , which can be used in the oven , microwave , refrigerator and freezer .
PREMADE HAMBURGER PATTIES : Perfect circles for hamburgers ?
For convenience , buy a patty maker ( Tupperware still makes a great one ) , make hamburger patties , and freeze ahead until you want to make them .
Or simply use a measuring cup to provide the right amount to work with , do n’t overhandle or press the meat too hard .
Indent the center of each patty to prevent the top from rounding .
GRAVY : Set the packets and jars aside .
Use a wire whisk or shake flour and broth in a glass jar , then add to the pan drippings to avoid lumps .
Be sure to cook the gravy for at least 10 minutes to get rid of the flour taste .
SODA POP : Often , one of the first things cut from the grocery budget is soda pop .
Increase your water intake ( say no to bottled water , use a reusable container ) , and decrease beverages such as soda , coffee or powdered drinks .
With juice ( and snacks , fruit , etc. ) , avoid individual serving containers , and frozen concentrated juice is cheaper than by the carton or canister .
PACKAGED COOKIES : Homemade tastes better , and you control the ingredients .
Try this recipe .
Oatmeal Cookies
1 cup butter
1 cup firmly packed brown sugar
1/2 cup granulated sugar
2 eggs
2 teaspoons vanilla
2 cups flour
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon salt
3 cups uncooked old - fashioned oats
2 cups semisweet chunks
1 cup pecan pieces , optional
Beat the butter and sugars with a mixer until creamy .
Add the eggs and vanilla , and beat well .
Add the flour , baking soda and salt to the butter mixture , and mix well .
Stir in the oats and chocolate chunks ( and pecans if using ) .
Drop by tablespoonfuls onto ungreased baking sheets .
Bake at 350 F for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden .
Let the cookies cool a bit on the sheets , and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely .
—
Nancy , Virginia
PRECUT PRODUCTS :
In a frugal home , you wo n’t commonly see precut and bagged vegetables , such as mushrooms , celery , salads or cheese .
It takes only a few minutes to chop or slice vegetables , make a salad , or use a box grater to shred cheese .
GIFT WRAP :
There are plenty of materials to use , such as cloth totes or fabric bags , baskets or tins , which are all reusable , or wrap with newspaper , magazine pages or brown paper bags .
CANNED GOODS : Most frugal folks buy fresh ( in season ) or frozen fruits and vegetables and dry beans , or make homemade chili or soup instead of canned .
Sedentary TV time may cut life short
Couch potatoes beware : every hour of television watched per day may increase the risk of dying earlier from cardiovascular disease , according to research reported in Circulation : Journal of the American Heart Association .
Australian researchers tracked the lifestyle habits of 8,800 adults and found that each hour spent in front of the television daily was associated with :
an 11 percent increased risk of death from all causes ,
a 9 percent increased risk of cancer death ; and
an 18 percent increased risk of cardiovascular disease ( CVD ) - related death .
Compared with people who watched less than two hours of television daily , those who watched more than four hours a day had a 46 percent higher risk of death from all causes and an 80 percent increased risk for CVD - related death .
This association held regardless of other independent and common cardiovascular disease risk factors , including smoking , high blood pressure , high blood cholesterol , unhealthy diet , excessive waist circumference , and leisure - time exercises .
While the study focused specifically on television watching , the findings suggest that any prolonged sedentary behavior , such as sitting at a desk or in front of a computer , may pose a risk to one 's health .
The human body was designed to move , not sit for extended periods of time , said David Dunstan , Ph.D. , the study 's lead author and professor and Head of the Physical Activity Laboratory in the Division of Metabolism and Obesity at the Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute in Victoria , Australia .
" What has happened is that a lot of the normal activities of daily living that involved standing up and moving the muscles in the body have been converted to sitting , " Dunstan said .
" Technological , social , and economic changes mean that people do n't move their muscles as much as they used to - consequently the levels of energy expenditure as people go about their lives continue to shrink .
For many people , on a daily basis they simply shift from one chair to another – from the chair in the car to the chair in the office to the chair in front of the television . "
Dunstan said the findings apply not only to individuals who are overweight and obese , but also those who have a healthy weight .
" Even if someone has a healthy body weight , sitting for long periods of time still has an unhealthy influence on their blood sugar and blood fats , " he said .
Although the study was conducted in Australia , Dunstan said the findings are certainly applicable to Americans .
Average daily television watching is approximately three hours in Australia and the United Kingdom , and up to eight hours in the United States , where two - thirds of all adults are either overweight or obese .
The benefits of exercise have been long established , but researchers wanted to know what happens when people sit too much .
Television - watching is the most common sedentary activity carried out in the home .
Researchers interviewed 3,846 men and 4,954 women age 25 and older who underwent oral glucose - tolerance tests and provided blood samples so researchers could measure biomarkers such as cholesterol and blood sugar levels .
Participants were enrolled from 1999 � and followed through 2006 .
They reported their television - viewing habits for the previous seven days and were grouped into one of three categories : those who watched less than two hours per day ; those who watched between two and four hours daily ; and those who watched more than four hours .
People with a history of CVD were excluded from the study .
During the more than six - year follow - up , there were 284 deaths — 87 due to CVD and 125 due to cancer .
The association between cancer and television viewing was only modest , researchers reported .
However , there was a direct association between the amount of television watched and elevated CVD death as well as death from all causes even after accounting for typical CVD risk factors and other lifestyle factors .
The implications are simple , Dunstan said .
" In addition to doing regular exercise , avoid sitting for prolonged periods and keep in mind to ' move more , more often ' .
Too much sitting is bad for health . "
Lt. Gov. Andre Bauer ( R - S.C. ) breeds contempt
Of late , my affection for South Carolina has grown , but I just do n't get the Palmetto State 's politicians .
We tittered at Gov. Mark " Gone Hiking " Sanford ( R ) .
We gasped at Rep. Joe " You Lie ! " Wilson ( R ) .
And now we have say - what whiplash thanks to Lt. Gov. Andre " Starve the Poor " Bauer ( R ) .
The Greenville News reports that at a town hall meeting over the weekend , Bauer argued that the government end assistance to those who fail drug tests .
“ My grandmother was not a highly educated woman , but she told me as a small child to quit feeding stray animals .
You know why ?
Because they breed , ” he said .
“ They will reproduce , especially ones that do n’t think too much further than that .
And so what you ’ve got to do is you 've got to curtail that type of behavior .
They do n’t know any better . ”
Wow .
This incident is but one of many that explain why there was no way Sanford would be impeached over his affair with an Argentinian woman who was not his wife .
Check out NPR 's Ken Rudin to find out more about Bauer 's tense relationship with South Carolina Republicans .
L.A. Anarchist Bookfair : January 24th .
Be There !
It ’s time for another anarchist bookfair in Los Angeles .
AK
Press will be there of course , so stop by our table and say hello to Suzanne and Macio .
They ’ll probably be disoriented after the long drive , so speak slowly .
Here ’s the lowdown from the event organizers …
*************************************
Anarchists to Hold Bookfair , Disseminate Radical Literature
Public is invited for workshops , performances ,
experiments in non-oppressive relations
LOS ANGELES – A group of Southern California anarchists is holding a bookfair on Sunday , January 24th at Barnsdall Art Park in Hollywood from 11:00 AM to 9:00 PM .
The purpose of the bookfair is to provide the Los Angeles community with access to radical literature , engage in workshops , discuss current topics , and create communities of resistance .
“ Anarchism is a working - class response to capitalism , ” said Diego Flores , one of the bookfair organizers .
“ Now that the system is failing so massively , with so many out of work and even reforms such as the health care bill really being limited by big business , a lot of people are becoming interested in what anarchism has to offer . ”
For this reason , in addition to the author panels one might expect at a literary event , there will also be workshops regarding the student movement , anti-authoritarian parenting , indigenous resistance , health , political prisoners , and many more topics touching various aspects of life .
“ Workshops allow people to actually get involved with the material that is being presented , ” explained Emma , a member of a writer ’s collective and another bookfair organizer , “ and that really goes along with our vision of creating a non-oppressive society with everyone ’s participation . ”
“ Everyone is welcome at the bookfair .
We all have things to learn and to teach , ” she continued .
Children ’s activities will also be provided in order to facilitate the participation of families , and food , including vegetarian and vegan options , will be available .
The park is also wheelchair - accessible .
“ Last year caught us off guard .
We were expecting 150 - 200 people , and well over 500 showed up .
This year is going to be even better because of the unique location .
It ’s close to public transportation lines , it ’s got a gallery and a theater , and once the sun goes down , we get a beautiful view of L.A.
I ’m really excited about this year ’s bookfair ! ” said a bookfair organizer who preferred not to give her name .
Workshops and panels will be held during the day , with musical performances scheduled for the evening .
In order to create awareness about the bookfair , and about anarchism in general , the Los Angeles Anarchist Bookfair Collective is hosting a screening of the film Libertarias , a film about the struggles of Spanish women against both dictator Franco ’s fascism and the sexism of their own comrades in arms .
The film will be screened Thursday , January 21 at the Koreatown Immigrant Worker ’s Alliance Culture and Education Center , 3465 W 8th Street in Los Angeles at 7:00 PM .
The screening will be followed by a discussion about the film , and although a donation will be requested at the door , no one will be turned away for lack of funds .
The following day , the collective will also host a benefit concert for the bookfair at the same location , which will feature Canadian hip - hop , folk , and punk .
NASA 's Cassini Probe to Photograph Earth from Saturn This Week http://www.space.com/21963-nasa-cassini-photo-earth-from-saturn.html
You are currently viewing the old forums .
We have upgraded to a new NFL Forum .
This old forum is being left as a read - only archive .
Please update your bookmarks to our new forum at forums.footballsfuture.com .
FAQ Register Profile Log in to check your private messages Log in
FootballsFuture.com
Home
The Shift of Pangaea for cfootball ( Updated )
Goto page 1 , 2 Next
FootballsFuture.com Forum Index ->
College Football View previous topic :: View next topic Author Message He Hate Me
Joined : 02 Apr 2006
Posts : 11507
Location : Unconquered Territory Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 2:49 am Post subject : The Shift of Pangaea for cfootball ( Updated )
Although marred by controversy ( probation , recruiting violations , and scandals ) and inherent flaws ( no consensus to how to decide a champion ) , the college football system has provided state and national heroes that has only caused the popularity of the sport to skyrocket the past few decade .
College Football has always been a fix in American history , the New Years Day games being an example of that ; but with recent billion dollar TV dollars , new innovative offenses and stars , and the popularity of TV shows like ESPNs College Football Gameday , which was first introduced in 1993 ( the highest rated American Sports Show ) , the sport has hit a new peak in popularity .
The new decade figures to continue flourishing with news stars being made and big time programs reemerging from the ashes .
If the past decade is of any indication , expect the 2010 's landscape of college football to be totally made over .
Going into the 21st Centuary
After Florida State won their second National Championship of the decade in the 2000 Sugar Bowl against Michael Vick and the Hookies , they were on top of the college football world , having finished in the top 5 thirteen straight seasons and being renown by many as a dynasty and team of the decade .
One would have only expected that success to continue into the millennium .
It was n't just the Seminoles that were having success .
The Nebraska Cornhuskers won back to back national champions and were fixtures at the top of the polls .
The Michigan Wolverines had won a national title and were considered the class of arguably the best conference in America , the Big 10 .
The Tennessee Volunteers were highly successful as were the Florida Gators , each winning a National Championships and combining for 6 SEC championships .
Penn State bolstered one of the best defenses the sport saw ( featuring the top 2 picks in the 2000 NFL draft , All Americans Lavar Arrintong and Courtney Brown ) and one of the best offenses the sport saw ( before Bush , Leinart , and Jarrett , there was Kerry Collins , Kijana Carter , and Bobby Engram ) in the decade .
Although they did not win a National Title , they had an undefeated season and five 10 - win seasons .
The Wisconsin Badgers featured a heisman winner produced some good teams , Kansas State was a program on the rise , Colorado won a national title and if they could have found a way to beat Nebraska , could have played for more , and Ohio State put together strong seasons , despite too many losses to Michigan .
These programs collectively , shaped the face of college football as the premiere football programs going into the 2000's .
So how did USC , LSU , Texas , Alabama , Oklahoma , and Georgia , take their place ?
Pangaea Shifts
With 120 programs , one would think parity would run rampant .
On the contrary , college football usually only has at any given time 10 programs with a legit chance at winning a national title every year .
There are many Universities , with the potential to bolster a football powerhouse , but the stars have to align in order for them to maintain that success .
This is why college football will always work in cycles .
Coaching staffs help build relationships and pipelines with elite high school programs .
Two successful recruiting classes could realistically result in half a decade worth of dominance ( which is why some coaches can be successful with other coaches talent ... see Larry Coker ) .
This is why the wrong hire can set a program back for half a decade , if not longer .
Whenever these coaches depart for other jobs , then the process of rebuilding relationships and getting the elite of the elite starts all over again .
Sure having the facilities , alumni support , and tradition will keep you relevant , but it takes the right coaching staff to keep you elite .
Some teams struggle for years to get the right fit , and they in turn watch their elite qualities go to waste .
This is how certain programs can lay dormant for a decade ( see USC in the 90s ) .
The main thing that sustains programs for long periods of time is the relationships that coaches have within the program .
College Football is all about relationships .
College Football , maybe more than any other sport and certainly more than the NFL is about relationships .
Building relationship with the coaches .
Building relationships
with your team .
Building relationship with parents , and alumni , and boosters and students and the president .
Building relationships with high school coaches , who in turn have no problems or qualms with sending their star players to play for a specific program .
This is how pipelines are built and entire regions or states become locked down by certain coaching staffs .
The coaches that struggle to build relationships have trouble sustaining success , regardless of how good of an Xs and Os guy they may be .
When it comes to recruiting and selling a program , there is not much tangible difference from USC to Florida and Texas to Oklahoma .
The top tier programs all offer great education , great facilities , great gameday experiences , and access to the NFL .
Most of the top prospects have anywhere from 20 , to 30 , to 4o offers from the best colleges all around .
Location will always be a factor but when there are three top programs in the state of Florida , it s something else that is going to be the deciding factor for a lot of prospects .
When a west coast recruit is being courted by USC , and UCLA , and Oregon , and Stanford , and Notre Dame , it is going to come down most of the time to the relationship they have with the coaches .
It may sound simple ( and it is ) , but this is why some NFL guys can be successful and then struggle in the college ranks ( and vice versa ) .
There are legitimately 25 - 30 programs capable of producing decade dominant teams , but there are only usually 10 or so coaches capable of getting those programs there .
It s no wonder the highest paid coaches tend to produce the best teams .
College football experienced a great shift in power the past decade , and the direct cause for this shift can be attributed to the movement of coaches at the beginning of the decade .
Bob Stoops became the Oklahoma headcoach in 1999 after being a successful defensive coordinator for the Gators , inheriting a Oklahoma team with talent and a great recruiting base , but one that had struggled for years .
Mack Brown left North Carolina in 1998 after making them a contender in the ACC to coach at Texas , a program that had not seen a National contender in years .
Just recently , Texas was named the top money making University in college football .
Nick Saban left Michigan State in 2000 to coach at LSU , a program that had not won a national title in over four decades ; they won one three years later .
Mark Richt , the FSU offensive coordinator , left to become the Georgia Headcoach in 2001 after his FSU offense produced a Heisman winning QB and the number 1 ranked offense in the country .
Georgia , a program located in fertile recruiting ground , had been a middle of the pack SEC team for decades .
Rich Rodriquez , who was an offensive coordinator for an undefeated Mid Major ( Tulane ) , and offensive power ( Clemson ) , became the West Virginia headcoach in 2001 .
West Virginia saw some success in the 90's , but was seen as mostly a second teir team in the Big East , after Virginia Tech , Miami , and Syracuse .
Urban Meyer , a coordinator at Notre Dame and Colorado State would get his first headcoaching job at Bowling Green in 2001 .
Butch Davis , the man that was responsible for reloading the Miami Hurricanes with the most NFL talent a college football program has ever produced , left the Hurricanes to coach the NFLs Cleveland Browns in 2000 .
Steve Spurrier , the man responsible for bringing the Florida Gators it 's first National Title , surprisingly left for the NFL one year after Butch Davis left Miami .
Jim Tressell , a coach that won 4 National Championships at the 1 - AA level , became the Ohio State headcoach in 2001 , after headcoach John Cooper was fired for once again failing to beat heated rival Michigan ( despite averaging nearly 9 wins a season , five 10 win seasons in 6 years , and a 70 - 30 record in the Big 10 ) .
Pete Carroll , after being fired as a NFL headcoach , became the USC headcoach ( I think it's to note that Carrol was not a first or second choice candidate to become headcoach , as many felt they " settled " for him ) .
The Trojans , which saw dominance in the 1970's , had been largely mediocre in the decades that followed .
These coaching changes were like major earthquakes that would reshape the landscape of the college football world .
The tectonic plate movement meant that new powers would emerge , new recruiting domination would ensue , and the winners of the 90's would fall to the back .
TV Deals and their impact
With the Big 10 Network being established and ESPN securing a billion dollar deal with the SEC , its apparent that TV will play a large role in establishing dominant teams and conferences .
The SEC deals makes it possible for a program like Vanderbilt to receive 20 million dollars a year in TV deals alone , which could make it possible to attract one of the top tier coaches that can build relationships .
This means that the other conferences have to play catch up or risk being left behind .
The ACC , Big 12 , and Pac 10 all will be looking for TV deals within the next few years ( with negotiations looking to pick up within the next year ) .
One has to wonder will they look to stick together to try and get a deal with FOX ( who has now lost the rights to the BCS ) , or will one of them try to form their own network ?
Will ESPN risk losing Duke and North Carolina for basketball ?
Will Ted Turner ( TNT and TBS ) look to get back into the world of College Football / Sports ( ACC Basketball on TNT ) ?
The answer to these questions will be pivotal in trying to predict the future success of these programs .
As long as perception plays a key in deciding national championships , then broadcasting will be huge to a conference and their individual programs .
It s the difference between a 11 - 1 LSU getting in the championship game over a 11 - 1 Oregon .
Conference Realignment
What complicates the broadcasting subject is the fact that rumors have heated up that certain conferences may be looking to add teams .
Adding teams means some conference may lose teams , which subsequently creates a domino effect of epic proportions .
In the 90s , Penn State joined the Big 10 , Miami joined the Big East , Florida State joined the ACC , the Big 12 was formed , the SEC created a championship game , and Notre Dame continued to stay independent .
In the 2000s , the ACC expanded to 12 teams and although it was thought that the conference would become a superconference , the results have been less than stellar .
The past two decades have produced changes in conferences and I look for it to be no different in the next decade .
If it happens , expect it to cause some programs to become more powerful and others to lose power .
At this point , it is survival of the fittest .
Conference supremacy will continue to be a hot topic .
Top Rivalries reflect the face of the decade
One easy way to understand who was the most dominant teams of the decade is by looking at the top rivalries .
Some rivalries are " throw the record out " affairs , which is why games like Alabama vs Auburn or Army vs Navy will always be special games ; regardless of the teams on the field success ( or lack there of ) .
But looking back at the past two decades , the best rivalries meant National implications and competitive hatred .
In the 90's , these rivalries offered that and more .
5. Florida State vs Miami ( FL )
Although Miami fell off towards the end of the decade , this rivalry still offered some of the most memorable moments in college football history .
The two programs combined for three national championships and would have likely won more if they did not have to play each other every year ( Miami kept FSU from 3 National Titles during the decade ) .
Decade Winner : Florida State at 6 -
4
4. Alabama vs Tennessee
One of the more competitive rivalries in the decade , both Alabama and Tennessee had much success in the 90's and played in some of the most classic SEC games since it expanded to 12 teams .
The Third Saturday of October was also a game that had National implications as SEC title births were almost always on the line .
Decade Winner : Tennessee at 5 - 4 -
1
3. Michigan vs Ohio State
Although Michigan owned the series , this game was always large on a National scale as Heisman winners solidified their place in history ( Eddie George , Charles Woodson ) and unforgettable moments were achieved ( Tim Biakabatuka rushing for 300 yards against undefeated Ohio State ) .
It 's the game everyone waited for , as it almost always lived up to the hype .
Decade Winner : Michigan at 7 - 2-1
2. Tennessee vs Florida
This early September battle became arguably the most anticipated rivalry of the 90's as SEC East supremacy was at stake along with the bragging rights that it brings .
While the Vols were chosen by sportswriters year after year to contend for a National Championship , it was Steve Spurriers Gators that kept standing in their way .
Peyton Manning , one of the most celebrated quarterbacks in history , went a puzzling 0 - 4 against the Gators which was only made more humiliating by comments of Spurrier who once commented " You cant spell Citrus without UT " .
Decade Winner : Florida at 7 -
3
1. Florida State vs Florida
Or Bobby vs Steve .
This became the rivalry of the decade as every single year produced at least one top 5 team ( many years both teams were ranked top 10 ) .
The game always had National implications , especially as a end of the year game and it also produced a National Championship game .
The rivalry was highlighted by a Florida Qb throwing a football at coach Bobby Bowdens head during warmups , to which Bobby commented " If he played for us , he would have hit me " , Spurrier going 0 - 4 - 1 at Doak ( highlighted by a 34 - 3 comeback by Florida State ) and the Gators ruining FSU 's 1997 run at a title .
It lacked the tradition of other rivalries , but the intensity and passion here , fueled by fans only separated by a hundred miles , was the elite rivalry of the decade .
The 2000 's offered a different variety of rivalry
As the new coaching staffs migrated to new powers , new hatred was born amongst coaches as new recruiting wars were initiated and then intensified .
Conference pride also took on a new face with the help of the emergence of the BCS and the SEC became the power that it is known as today .
The Big 10 , known as the best conference for years , started to get a reputation of being an overrated conference .
While rivalries like UF vs FSU faded to the back , old time rivalries caught fire once again .
These rivalries would decide many of the National and Conference champions of the 2000's .
5 . Utah vs BYU
With the emergence of BCS busters came added emphasis to mid major battles .
The Holy War , as many fans refer to this game as , was the most competitive and dynamic of any .
The rivalry could have a high scoring shootout one year ( 41 - 34 Utah win in 2005 ) , and a defensive battle in another year ( 3 - 0 Utah win in 2003 ) this rivalry was unpredictable , with both teams winning 5 of the 10 games that were played .
Urban Meyer added to the hatred by not allowing his Utah team to mention the acronym " BYU " during his tenure , instead they refereed to them as the team down south .
In 04 , Meyers Utah team would crush BYU on their way to becoming the first non-BCS team to play and win a BCS bowl game .
Decade Winner : Tie at 5 - 5
4. Ohio State vs Michigan
Like the 90's , this rivalry was lopsided but the pendulum swung to the other side .
It was still one rivalry that captured the attention of college football fans almost every year .
The game had national implications as Ohio State would almost annually be vying for a trip to the BCS championship and also offered the first number 1 vs number 2 regular season matchup in years ( known by many as The Game ) .
Both teams would feature numerous NFL talents which resulted in both college football fans and NFL enthusiast tuning in each year .
Decade Winner : 8 - 2 Ohio State
3. LSU vs Arkansas
Georgia vs Florida ( SEC Powers ) , Miami vs Florida State ( Highest Rated ESPN games ever ) , Auburn vs LSU ( Battle for the West year after year ) , and a few other rivalries would likely make more sense to some that are surprised to see this game this high , but this was maybe the most heated rivalry in the SEC the past decade .
Not only was it one of the most competitive ( 2 overtime games , 7 games decided by a touchdown or less ) but it went on to decide many times which team would go to the SEC title game .
As a late season clash after or around thanksgiving , it was annually the perfect culmination to a great college football season .
Decade Winner : LSU at 6 - 4
2. Florida vs LSU
These two teams combined for four national championships and was the most consistent rivalry in the best conference in football .
Florida spoiled the 2003 LSU Tigers unbeaten season ( although they still won a BCS title ) and Nick Saban helped to increase traffic to fireronzook.com after pasting Florida by four touchdowns in 2002 .
Surprisingly , these two teams never met in the SEC championship game , despite arguably being the two most successful teams within their respective divisions .
Too bad we never got to see Saban vs Meyer with this rivalry either .
Decade Winner : Florida at 6 - 4
1. Texas vs Oklahoma
The Red River Shootout lost some of its luster during the 90's as both programs were down but gained its mojo back after Oklahoma won the first national championship of the decade .
The beginning of the decade saw Bob Stoops and the Sooners dominate Mack Brown and the Longhorns , as golden boy Chris Simms struggled against annually ferocious Sooner defenses .
Arguably the best player of the decade QB Vince Young would even the odds as he led Texas to an undefeated season , national championship , but got it going with a huge blowout of the Sooners .
The Rivalry also featured The Play which will go down in both Sooner and college football histories lore , and 5 teams that appeared in national title games , each winning one .
With a Heisman winning QB in one corner ( Jason White ) and the most winningest QB in college football history in the other ( Colt McCoy ) this rivalry became the rivalry of the decade in college football and one of the best in sports , period .
Decade Winner : Oklahoma at 6 - 4
We Got Some More Winning To Do
The end of the decade saw some amazing coaching runs come to an end ( USC 's streak of top 5 finishes ) most definitely controversy ( Kiffen leaving Tennessee , Meyer retiring for a week ) .
When taking into consideration the moves of certain coaches and the revaming of their respective coaching staffs , its only logic to assume that the face of college football is shifting once again .
The 2010 's wont look like the end of the 2000's , especially in regards to the sports top powers .
This is not a list of the best coaches ; best is too subjective and does not take into account variables like program prestige , assistant coaches , and recruiting .
Instead , this is a list of current successful coaches that have the best chance to keep on winning going into the new decade .
The next 10 years will be as unpredictable as December was to January this off - season , but this is my best attempt at pegging which coaches will continue to have success going forward .
1. Bob Stoops , Oklahoma
Age : 47
Record : 117-29
He 's young , recruits at a high level , and has a legacy to continue building , which includes shedding the perception that he is a choke - artist .
His 2010 resume may end up looking even more impressive than his 2000 resume , which included becoming the fastest Oklahoma coach to reach 100 wins .
2. Nick Saban , Alabama
Age : 58
Record : 124-50 -1
Saban produced an incredible college football tree ( both Florida State and Tennessee have Saban disciples as their headcoach ) and may go down as this generations greatest college coach , after becoming the first coach since the polls to win two national titles at two different schools .
So why is n't he number 1 ?
I doubt he coaches till he is 68 , and the SEC will likely make each and every season a challenge .
3. Brian Kelly , Notre Dame
Age : 48
Record : 171-57-2
Kelly has already put together one heck of a career , but he can become special if he can turn the fortunes of the Irish around .
I 've heard this saying a few times and its absolutely true .
If you go undefeated at a BCS school , you go to the hall of fame .
If you go undefeated at Notre Dame , you go to Heaven .
With a knack of gameplanning and coaching up talent , its no reason Kelly cant be one of the more successful coaches of the next decade .
4. Chris Peterson , Boise State
Age : 45
Record : 49 -4
Peterson took the reigns from Hawkins and never looked back .
He has led Boise State to two BCS Bowl wins and two undefeated seasons .
Going into 2010 , he has a realistic shot to lead the first non-BCS team to a BCS Championship game .
He may not stick with Boise State after this next season , but either way , its reasonable to expect his success at the collegiate level will continue .
5. Jim Tressell , Ohio State
Age : 57
Record : 87-21
Tressell has dominated Michigan and won a national championship , something his predecessor was not able to do .
One would think his fanbase would be anointing him as God after accomplishing what he was hired to accomplish .
But after humiliation in championship games , more is wanted from the coach that has won 5 national championships in college football .
Tressell is putting together top notch recruiting classes , and his teams should continue to be the cream of the conference .
If that is the case , dont be surprised to see Tressell in a few more title games before his career is done .
6. Gary Patterson , TCU
Age : 49
Record : 85-28
TCU , along with Utah and Boise State , has blown up the BCS and helped to increase the talks of of a reformatted championship formula .
The man responsible for that is Patterson , who has beaten BCS teams like Oklahoma and Clemson in his tenure .
With six 10 win seasons and 9 bowl appearances , it 's likely to see TCU continue to thrive as long as Patterson is in charge .
The question is would he be willing to leave TCU ?
He turned down the Minnesota job when it became open , and with the great state of Texas to recruit in , he may not see an incentive to leave ( especially if the Mountain West becomes a BCS conference ) .
7. Kirk Ferentz , Iowa
Age : 54
Record : 97-76
Ferentz has taken Iowa to two Orange Bowls , and has kept them competitive in the Big 10 for the majority of the decade .
His teams are known for being hard - nosed and physical ; a throwback and contrary to the spread - formation finesse teams of late .
Ferentz has been mentioned for some NFL gigs , but none have came to fruition .
If he stays at Iowa , expect his teams to be one of the better in the Big 10 .
8. Bronco Mendenhall , BYU
Age : 43
Record : 49 -15
Mendenhall has brought BYU back to national recognition and has also produced some of the more dynamic quarterbacks of the decade .
With the Mountain West Conference gaining more notoriety , he may also be more inclined to stay at BYU for a while .
He is young , has a fresh offensive mind , and is a great motivator .
Regardless of where he decides to coach , I dont expect to see him fade into obscurity anytime soon .
9. Mark Richt , Georgia
Age : 49
Record : 90 -27
Although the past two seasons have brought about criticism , and the Bulldogs failed to reach a BCS championship game despite talented teams , Richt has as impressive as a resume as almost any coach on this list .
Georgia under Richt were road warriors , a testament to his coaching , and they more games than any teams of the 2000's .
He has struggled against Florida which is a monkey he will have to get off of his back .
10 . Les Miles , LSU
Age : 56
Record : 50 - 14
Miles had an amazing run after taking over for Saban , but he has not been without criticism .
Although he won a national title , many critiques say it was with Sabans players and that team still lost two games .
I 've heard some even claim he is Larry Corker incarnated , but the man who led Oklahoma State to respectability and has produced in the SEC can't be as bad as some of his doubters are saying .
He turned down Nebraska , and now is making nearly 4 million dollars a year , a comparable salary to Nick Saban and Urban Meyer .
If Les does not start producing like Saban and Meyer , I dont expect him to be at LSU for too much longer .
Even if that comes to fruition , I still expect him to continue to win 8 - 9 games a year , and be one of the biggest winners in the new decade .
11 . Mack Brown , Texas
Age : 58
Record : 215-101-1
The lowest national champion on my list , Mack Brown won at North Carolina and Texas , two programs that were down in the dumps before he got there .
The only reason I cant put him higher is because current defensive coordinator and head coach in waiting Will Muschamp is patiently waiting to become the headcoach of the team .
Muschamp turned down a chance to coach at Tennessee in the SEC , which leads me to believe he feels that his chance to become the Longhorn coach will come sooner rather than later .
Still , I dont think Brown is quite satisfied yet , he wants at least another national title .
12 . Kyle Whittingham , Utah
Age : 50
Record : 47-17
Whittingham led Utah to a BCS bowl win over Nick Sabans Tigers and is a perfect 5 - 0 in Bowl Games .
The son of a NFL coach , Whittingham has the pedigree and foundation to continue his success as a great college coach and I would not be surprised to see him take his talent to the NFL .
That is the reason he is not higher on this list .
13 . Bret Bielema , Wisconsin
Age : 40
Record : 38-14
A youngster on the list , Bielema took over for Alvarez and did not miss a beat .
Wisconsin continues to be fly under the radar , but if their bowl game against Miami was any indication , then the Badgers may be ready to take that next step into being a BCS contender .
14 . Rich Rodriguez , Michigan
Age : 46
Record : 113-78-2
Rich Rod has had some opposition from Michigan faithful that claim he is not a Michigan man , but its no doubt that he is one of the better offensive minds in the country .
I 'm still not sure that Michigan is his best fit , but there is no doubt in my mind that he will be one of the most successful coaches going forward .
15 . Houston Nutt , Ole Miss
Age : 52
Record : 128-79
Nutt did great things at Arkansas and should continue his success at Mississippi .
While his 2009 team fell short of expectations , how many times did Tubbervilles Auburn team fall below expectation before they had that undefeated season .
Nutt is doing a great job at recruiting , and while he has to compete with Saban , Miles , Petrino , and even Mullen , I expect him to routinely get a nice sized slice of that SEC pie .
He will get his , even if it comes in the form of upsets .
16 . Jeff Tedford , California
Age : 48
Record : 67-35
Tedford came to prominence after having early success against USC and producing NFL Quarterback prospects like David Carr and Aaron Rodgers .
He 's a California guy , and should continue to have success in the Pac 10 , as he becomes one of the elders of the conference with so many newcomers coming in .
Cal does have to stop losing to teams they should be beating .
17 . Paul Johnson , Georgia Tech
Age : 52
Record : 126-46
Many doubted whether Johnsons tripple option could work in a BCS conference , and marginal recruits , Johnson proved that it could .
Although his teams have been stifled in bowl games when teams had extra time to prepare for it , I believe Johnson is stubborn enough to not adapt .
He 's still recruiting his guys , and the state of Georgia allows for Johnson to recruit big time athletes that should flourish in his system .
If he can get that defense back to being respectable , Johnsons success should continue .
I dont see him taking his game to the NFL , either .
18 . Mike Riley , Oregon State
Age : 56
Record : 64-47
Riley figures to be the Beaver head coach for as long as they will have him , after not having interest in the USC head coaching job .
His teams have been sneaky good during his time there , although there has been some criticism of slow starts .
I dont know if I expect a national title from Riley , but a few BCS bowl games could definitely be in store .
19 . Bobby Petrino , Arkansas
Age : 48
Record : 54-21
After building Louisville into a BCS bowl contender , Petrino left for the NFL as a hotshot headcoach .
After surprisingly leaving the Falcons , his reputation has taken a hit in some regard .
Regardless of that , reality is that he is still one of the best coaches in the game , and with Ryan Mallet back as QB , he should start the decade out with success .
Getting past Bama , Ole Miss , and LSU to get to SEC Championships will be a daunting task , but getting Arkansas to bowl games annually seems within reach .
20 . Butch Davis , North Carolina
Age : 58
Size : 70-38
Davis left the college game for the NFL and returned after a mediocre stint with the Browns .
Had he stayed with the Hurricanes , he could have potentially won 2 or 3 national championships , considering the talent those Miami teams had stacked because of his recruiting .
He 's trying to get UNC at least back to the level that Mack Brown had them in the late 90's , and so far he 's done a good job .
I cant see UNC ever getting to the level of a National Title contender , but winning ACC titles in the next decade is not out of the question .
Notable Emissions :
Frank Beamer , Virginia Tech
The 63 year old coach has had a great career , turning Virginia Tech into a perennial power .
But sadly , I think his career is starting to wind down .
He may end up sticking around a lot longer than I expect , ala Joe Paterno , but with a guy like Bud Foster continuing to stick around , I think Frank - - who has won over 230 games -- may be looking to hang it up relatively soon .
Urban Meyer , Florida
The wildcard in all of this .
I 've heard from some close to the Florida Program that they dont think the 45 year old coach will coach football anytime soon .
I also hear from many that he will be coaching come August .
His leave of absence , despite him actively putting finishing touches on his 2010 recruiting class , ultimately leaves his career in doubt .
I still anticipate there being more to the Urban Meyer story than what has come out .
If he 's back by September , He immediately shoots to the top of this list ; if not , he 'll have to settle for being one of the best coaches on the 2000's .
We Got Next
Unlike the last list , this one is for coaches that look like the future of the sport .
These guys are either young , are still early into their headcoaching careers , or are considered top notch coordinators with the potential to be headcoaches .
Ten years from now , expect a few of these guys to be national champions .
The Urban Meyers of the world had to start from somewhere .
1. Jim Harbaugh , Stanford
The beatdown of the Trojans , Ducks , and Irish , may be the start to the resurgence of Stanford thanks to the 46 year old coach .
Will academics hinder them ?
2. Lane Kiffen , USC
He 's a young ( 34 years young ) USC guy and has a good coaching staff surrounding him .
Maybe this is where we finally see what the fuss is about .
3. Bo Pelini , Nebraska
The blackshirts are back , all he needs to do is find some offense .
The North is for the taking for this 42 year old coach .
4. Pat Fitzgerald , Northwestern
He 'll have Northwestern competing for January Bowl games more times than not .
He 's one of the youngest coaches in the country ( 35 years )
5. Greg Schiano , Rutgers
Schiano ( 43 years old ) wants to build Rutgers into a power .
If he can monopolize the northeast in recruiting , then it 's possible .
6. Chip Kelly , Oregon
Kelly ( 40 years old ) led the Ducks to a Rose Bowl birth .
Can he lead them past that ?
7. Jimbo Fisher , Florida State
He fixed the anemic offense , but can the 44 year old do the same for the defense ?
8. Mike Gundy , Oklahoma State
He 's a man , and now he 's 42 .
But can he push them past Cotton Bowl births ?
9. Skip Hotlz , South Florida
Holtz ( 45 years old ) is in an ideal situation .
He can take the program where Leavitt could not .
10 . Steve Sarkisian , Washington
Washington is a potential sleeping giant , and Sarkisians ( 35 years old ) first season at Washington was a good start into awakening them .
11 . Charlie Strong , Louisville
Strong ( 49 years old ) finally gets a headcoaching gig after years of putting out top notch defenses at Florida .
He has the staff already in place to get Louisville back in the Big East chase .
12 . Will Muschamp , Texas ( DC )
The head coach in waiting at Texas should not miss a beat when he becomes the man in charge .
At 38 years old , he still can soak up game from headcoach Mack Brown while sharpening his skills as a coach .
13 . Turner Gill , Kansas
After unseen success at Buffalo , the 47 year old looks to bring his game to the Big 12 North , a division looking for a consistently good team .
14 . Gene Chizik , Auburn
Chizik ( 48 years old ) is recruiting like a mad man at Auburn , and after a solid first season could find himself competing for SEC West titles in the near future .
15 . Kirby Smart , Alabama ( DC )
He 's a disciple of Saban and should be one of the hottest names in the country within the next few seasons .
It 's likely that the 34 year old becomes a head coach sometime during the decade .
Sleeping Giants
We 've already discussed how football works in cycles , so its only a matter of time before the Notre Dames , Florida States , Michigans , Nebraskas , and Miamis of the world are back on top .
This list though is for programs that have all of the resources to become major college programs if they can get the right situation .
For example , this past decade the top 5 sleeping giants that emerged were
5. Georgia
4. Virginia Tech
3. West Virginia
2. Oregon
1. LSU
All of these teams had success prior to the 2000's and a few even won national championships .
But each of them were largely considered middle of the pack programs for much of their conception as football programs .
The thing that made them sleeping giaints , were their conference affiliation , great alumni support ( money ) , fertile recruiting grounds , and an unwavering fanbase .
All of these fans are known for being rowdy , despite not always being the most successful programs , and now each of them have won BCS games .
Going forward , which programs have that type of potential to become major in the 2010's ?
5. Cincinnati
They are adding to their stadium and after some very successful teams can look to start getting some more traction in the Ohio are for recruiting .
Ohio State will always be top dog ( does anyone remember Cincy almost upsetting Ohio State in 2002 ? ) , but I dont think it 's inconceivable that Cincy cant be what Virginia Tech was in the Big East .
4. Washington
Washington has won a national championship before , but they have seem some very dismal lows the past decade , which is amazing since they started off the decade with a bang .
This fanbase is too rowdy , this program is too storied , and the west coast has too much talent for Washington to continue to remain a doormat .
Can they duplicate the success that Oregon enjoyed in the 2000's ?
3. Stanford
Although many feel private institutions with high academic standards wont ever be able to consistently win in the new millennium , I think it will simply take the right situation for it to happen .
Stanford may not be able to outrecruit Cal , USC , or Oregon , but like West Virginia in the 2000's , I think its very possible for them to win with talented guys that did not get offered by the the USCs or the Oregons of the West Coast .
Consistent 8 win seasons with a few BCS games sprinkled in ?
I think its possible .
2. Texas A&M
They were the best Texas team of the 90's but one of the worst in the 2000's .
The Aggies have a relatively successful past , but lack a post - World War 2 National Title and has consistently been the little brother to the rival Longhorns .
I dont know if they have the right coach in place now , but sometime during the next decade , the right coaching staff could allow for them to become the power that they have the potential to be .
They have the right recipes for great success ( recruiting ground , tradition , fanbase ) but just lack the chef .
Reminds me of Georgia of the 2000's .
1. Clemson
They have a SEC - like fanbase , a state that cares about their football , a state that produces tons of college prospects , and the money and support that could easily push them to the top .
One has to wonder why it has taken so long for Clemson to become a college power .
In fact , it reminds me of LSU heading into the 2000's .
In fact , I think Clemsons Death Valley at night is comparable to LSUs .
Clemson had some good runs in the 80's and were consistent conference champions of the ACC pre-Florida State .
But they have failed to live up to expectation since .
I dont know if Dabo Sweeney is the man that will take them there , but if by 2020 , Clemson is not considered an elite program , it will be the biggest waste of potential in college football .
Next batch of BCS Busters
Provided there is no playoff the next decade , BCS Busters from mid majors will continue to be an annual topic .
Ever since Tulans undefeated season , there has seemingly always been one non-BCS program to look to join the party by going undefeated .
TCU and Boise State have been two of the more consistent programs to do it .
What s interesting is that it would have been difficult to predict the success of many mid majors at this point 10 years ago .
Boise State , a former junior college , was a member of the Big West Conference , and while TCU was a former Southwest Conference member , they were left out of the Big 12 and were randomly with the WAC conference .
A program like USF was an independent whose football program was only four years old .
Fastforward 10 years , and each of those programs have risen in terms of perception , with one of them now a BCS power .
Who will rise the next decade ?
Troy has had success on the field and also has produced some NFL stars .
SMU made its first bowl game since the death penalty this past season .
It s possible that by 2013 , Jacksonville State could move to the FBS .
Western Kentucky and FIU have recently moved to FBS and more than a few other FCS schools are hoping to make the move the next decade .
Will there be another USF or Boise State ?
With parity increasing in college football , I think its possible .
Innovation
With the rise in popularity of spread offenses and the wildcat , college football has continually evolved .
While the 90s teams mostly used Pro Style offenses and option offenses , resulting in dominant running games ( 4 of the Heisman winners of the 90s were running backs ) , the 2000s teams used short passing games as alternatives to running the ball and 5 wide sets with option reads allowing for QBs to become much more than a pocket QB .
This allowed for offensive records to be broken , while defenses played catch up .
Tim Tebow , became arguably the player of the decade because of this .
Spread offenses have reduced the need for one brute to carry the ball 25 times a game and maybe that is why the past decade only saw two Heisman winners at RB ( and one was as much of a receiver and return man as a running back ) .
Will this trend continue into the 2k10s ?
Will Paul Johnsons tripple option offense catch on with other programs ?
To counter the spread , will more big time teams start using the 3 - 3 - 5 defense ?
Florida used it some this past season to get their playmaking safeties on the field .
College football is always changing , so the best bet is there will be many changes to both the offensive and defensive side of the ball .
In Closing
College Football will continue to be the sport of choice for this fan , and it might even become crazier if they ever decide on a fair and viable post - season format .
Once considered mostly a southern sport , college football is starting to take off in all directions across the country .
But one thing remains for sure , the next decade will offer plenty of fresh ups and downs as new national powers will emerge and previous powers will go into hibernation .
The only question is what will it look like when the dust settles in 10 years .
- Written by HeHateMe Maybe no other sport in America has united or ( in the case of interstate collisions ) divided entire regions like college football has over the course of the past century and change .
Combining the purity of high school athletics with the skill of professional athletics , college football has managed to combine the best of both worlds for football fans , and can make the case for being the countries past - time .
Although marred by controversy ( probation , recruiting violations , and scandals ) and inherent flaws ( no consensus to how to decide a champion ) , the college football system has provided state and national heroes that has only caused the popularity of the sport to skyrocket the past few decade .
College Football has always been a fix in American history , the New Years Day games being an example of that ; but with recent billion dollar TV dollars , new innovative offenses and stars , and the popularity of TV shows like ESPNs , which was first introduced in 1993 ( the highest rated American Sports Show ) , the sport has hit a new peak in popularity .
The new decade figures to continue flourishing with news stars being made and big time programs reemerging from the ashes .
If the past decade is of any indication , expect the 2010 's landscape of college football to be totally made over .
Afterwon their second National Championship of the decade in the 2000 Sugar Bowl against Michael Vick and the Hookies , they were on top of the college football world , having finished in the top 5 thirteen straight seasons and being renown by many as a dynasty and team of the decade .
One would have only expected that success to continue into the millennium .
It was n't just the Seminoles that were having success .
Thewon back to back national champions and were fixtures at the top of the polls .
Thehad won a national title and were considered the class of arguably the best conference in America , the Thewere highly successful as were the , each winning a National Championships and combining for 6 SEC championships .
bolstered one of the best defenses the sport saw ( featuring the top 2 picks in the 2000 NFL draft , All Americansand ) and one of the best offenses the sport saw ( before , and , there was , and ) in the decade .
Although they did not win a National Title , they had an undefeated season and five 10 - win seasons .
Thefeatured a heisman winner produced some good teams , was a program on the rise , won a national title and if they could have found a way to beat Nebraska , could have played for more , andput together strong seasons , despite too many losses to Michigan .
These programs collectively , shaped the face of college football as the premiere football programs going into the 2000's .
So how did , take their place ?
With 120 programs , one would think parity would run rampant .
On the contrary , college football usually only has at any given time 10 programs with a legit chance at winning a national title every year .
There are many Universities , with the potential to bolster a football powerhouse , but the stars have to align in order for them to maintain that success .
This is why college football will always work in cycles .
Coaching staffs help build relationships and pipelines with elite high school programs .
Two successful recruiting classes could realistically result in half a decade worth of dominance ( which is why some coaches can be successful with other coaches talent ... see Larry Coker ) .
This is why the wrong hire can set a program back for half a decade , if not longer .
Whenever these coaches depart for other jobs , then the process of rebuilding relationships and getting the elite of the elite starts all over again .
Sure having the facilities , alumni support , and tradition will keep you relevant , but it takes the right coaching staff to keep you elite .
Some teams struggle for years to get the right fit , and they in turn watch their elite qualities go to waste .
This is how certain programs can lay dormant for a decade ( see USC in the 90s ) .
The main thing that sustains programs for long periods of time is the relationships that coaches have within the program .
College Football is all about relationships .
College Football , maybe more than any other sport and certainly more than the NFL is about relationships .
Building relationship with the coaches .
Building relationshipswith your team .
Building relationship with parents , and alumni , and boosters and students and the president .
Building relationships with high school coaches , who in turn have no problems or qualms with sending their star players to play for a specific program .
This is how pipelines are built and entire regions or states become locked down by certain coaching staffs .
The coaches that struggle to build relationships have trouble sustaining success , regardless of how good of an Xs and Os guy they may be .
When it comes to recruiting and selling a program , there is not much tangible difference from USC to Florida and Texas to Oklahoma .
The top tier programs all offer great education , great facilities , great gameday experiences , and access to the NFL .
Most of the top prospects have anywhere from 20 , to 30 , to 4o offers from the best colleges all around .
Location will always be a factor but when there are three top programs in the state of Florida , it s something else that is going to be the deciding factor for a lot of prospects .
When a west coast recruit is being courted by USC , and UCLA , and Oregon , and Stanford , and Notre Dame , it is going to come down most of the time to the relationship they have with the coaches .
It may sound simple ( and it is ) , but this is why some NFL guys can be successful and then struggle in the college ranks ( and vice versa ) .
There are legitimately 25 - 30 programs capable of producing decade dominant teams , but there are only usually 10 or so coaches capable of getting those programs there .
It s no wonder the highest paid coaches tend to produce the best teams .
College football experienced a great shift in power the past decade , and the direct cause for this shift can be attributed to the movement of coaches at the beginning of the decade .
became theheadcoach in 1999 after being a successful defensive coordinator for the Gators , inheriting a Oklahoma team with talent and a great recruiting base , but one that had struggled for years .
left North Carolina in 1998 after making them a contender in the ACC to coach at , a program that had not seen a National contender in years .
Just recently , Texas was named the top money making University in college football .
left Michigan State in 2000 to coach at , a program that had not won a national title in over four decades ; they won one three years later . , the FSU offensive coordinator , left to become the Headcoach in 2001 after his FSU offense produced a Heisman winning QB and the number 1 ranked offense in the country .
Georgia , a program located in fertile recruiting ground , had been a middle of the pack SEC team for decades . , who was an offensive coordinator for an undefeated Mid Major ( Tulane ) , and offensive power ( Clemson ) , became theheadcoach in 2001 .
West Virginia saw some success in the 90's , but was seen as mostly a second teir team in the , after Virginia Tech , Miami , and Syracuse . , a coordinator at Notre Dame and Colorado State would get his first headcoaching job atin 2001 . , the man that was responsible for reloading the Miami Hurricanes with the most NFL talent a college football program has ever produced , left the Hurricanes to coach the NFLsin 2000 .
Steve Spurrier , the man responsible for bringing the Florida Gators it 's first National Title , surprisingly left for the NFL one year after Butch Davis left Miami. , a coach that won 4 National Championships at the 1 - AA level , became theheadcoach in 2001 , after headcoach John Cooper was fired for once again failing to beat heated rival Michigan ( despite averaging nearly 9 wins a season , five 10 win seasons in 6 years , and a 70 - 30 record in the Big 10 ) . , after being fired as a NFL headcoach , became theheadcoach ( I think it's to note that Carrol was not a first or second choice candidate to become headcoach , as many felt they " settled " for him ) .
The Trojans , which saw dominance in the 1970's , had been largely mediocre in the decades that followed .
These coaching changes were like major earthquakes that would reshape the landscape of the college football world .
The tectonic plate movement meant that new powers would emerge , new recruiting domination would ensue , and the winners of the 90's would fall to the back .
With the Big 10 Network being established and ESPN securing a billion dollar deal with the SEC , its apparent that TV will play a large role in establishing dominant teams and conferences .
The SEC deals makes it possible for a program like Vanderbilt to receive 20 million dollars a year in TV deals alone , which could make it possible to attract one of the top tier coaches that can build relationships .
This means that the other conferences have to play catch up or risk being left behind .
The ACC , Big 12 , and Pac 10 all will be looking for TV deals within the next few years ( with negotiations looking to pick up within the next year ) .
One has to wonder will they look to stick together to try and get a deal with FOX ( who has now lost the rights to the BCS ) , or will one of them try to form their own network ?
Will ESPN risk losing Duke and North Carolina for basketball ?
Will Ted Turner ( TNT and TBS ) look to get back into the world of College Football / Sports ( ACC Basketball on TNT ) ?
The answer to these questions will be pivotal in trying to predict the future success of these programs .
As long as perception plays a key in deciding national championships , then broadcasting will be huge to a conference and their individual programs .
It s the difference between a 11 - 1 LSU getting in the championship game over a 11 - 1 Oregon .
What complicates the broadcasting subject is the fact that rumors have heated up that certain conferences may be looking to add teams .
Adding teams means some conference may lose teams , which subsequently creates a domino effect of epic proportions .
In the 90s , Penn State joined the Big 10 , Miami joined the Big East , Florida State joined the ACC , the Big 12 was formed , the SEC created a championship game , and Notre Dame continued to stay independent .
In the 2000s , the ACC expanded to 12 teams and although it was thought that the conference would become a superconference , the results have been less than stellar .
The past two decades have produced changes in conferences and I look for it to be no different in the next decade .
If it happens , expect it to cause some programs to become more powerful and others to lose power .
At this point , it is survival of the fittest .
Conference supremacy will continue to be a hot topic .
One easy way to understand who was the most dominant teams of the decade is by looking at the top rivalries .
Some rivalries are " throw the record out " affairs , which is why games likeorwill always be special games ; regardless of the teams on the field success ( or lack there of ) .
But looking back at the past two decades , the best rivalries meant National implications and competitive hatred .
In the 90's , these rivalries offered that and more .
Although Miami fell off towards the end of the decade , this rivalry still offered some of the most memorable moments in college football history .
The two programs combined for three national championships and would have likely won more if they did not have to play each other every year ( Miami kept FSU from 3 National Titles during the decade ) . : Florida State at 6 - 4
One of the more competitive rivalries in the decade , both Alabama and Tennessee had much success in the 90's and played in some of the most classic SEC games since it expanded to 12 teams .
Thewas also a game that had National implications as SEC title births were almost always on the line .
Tennessee at 5 - 4 - 1 Although Michigan owned the series , this game was always large on a National scale as Heisman winners solidified their place in history ( Eddie George , Charles Woodson ) and unforgettable moments were achieved ( Tim Biakabatuka rushing for 300 yards against undefeated Ohio State ) .
It 's the game everyone waited for , as it almost always lived up to the hype .
Michigan at 7-2-1 This early September battle became arguably the most anticipated rivalry of the 90's as SEC East supremacy was at stake along with the bragging rights that it brings .
While the Vols were chosen by sportswriters year after year to contend for a National Championship , it was Steve Spurriers Gators that kept standing in their way .
Peyton Manning , one of the most celebrated quarterbacks in history , went a puzzling 0 - 4 against the Gators which was only made more humiliating by comments of Spurrier who once commented " You cant spell Citrus without UT " .
Florida at 7 - 3 Or Bobby vs Steve .
This became the rivalry of the decade as every single year produced at least one top 5 team ( many years both teams were ranked top 10 ) .
The game always had National implications , especially as a end of the year game and it also produced a National Championship game .
The rivalry was highlighted by a Florida Qb throwing a football at coach Bobby Bowdens head during warmups , to which Bobby commented " If he played for us , he would have hit me " , Spurrier going 0 - 4 - 1 at Doak ( highlighted by a 34 - 3 comeback by Florida State ) and the Gators ruining FSU 's 1997 run at a title .
It lacked the tradition of other rivalries , but the intensity and passion here , fueled by fans only separated by a hundred miles , was the elite rivalry of the decade .
As the new coaching staffs migrated to new powers , new hatred was born amongst coaches as new recruiting wars were initiated and then intensified .
Conference pride also took on a new face with the help of the emergence of the BCS and the SEC became the power that it is known as today .
The Big 10 , known as the best conference for years , started to get a reputation of being an overrated conference .
While rivalries like UF vs FSU faded to the back , old time rivalries caught fire once again .
These rivalries would decide many of the National and Conference champions of the 2000's .
With the emergence of BCS busters came added emphasis to mid major battles . , as many fans refer to this game as , was the most competitive and dynamic of any .
The rivalry could have a high scoring shootout one year ( 41 - 34 Utah win in 2005 ) , and a defensive battle in another year ( 3 - 0 Utah win in 2003 ) this rivalry was unpredictable , with both teams winning 5 of the 10 games that were played .
Urban Meyer added to the hatred by not allowing his Utah team to mention the acronym " BYU " during his tenure , instead they refereed to them as the team down south .
In 04 , Meyers Utah team would crush BYU on their way to becoming the first non-BCS team to play and win a BCS bowl game .
Like the 90's , this rivalry was lopsided but the pendulum swung to the other side .
It was still one rivalry that captured the attention of college football fans almost every year .
The game had national implications as Ohio State would almost annually be vying for a trip to the BCS championship and also offered the first number 1 vs number 2 regular season matchup in years ( known by many as ) .
Both teams would feature numerous NFL talents which resulted in both college football fans and NFL enthusiast tuning in each year . : 8 - 2 Ohio State ( SEC Powers ) , ( Highest Rated ESPN games ever ) , ( Battle for the West year after year ) , and a few other rivalries would likely make more sense to some that are surprised to see this game this high , but this was maybe the most heated rivalry in the SEC the past decade .
Not only was it one of the most competitive ( 2 overtime games , 7 games decided by a touchdown or less ) but it went on to decide many times which team would go to the SEC title game .
As a late season clash after or around thanksgiving , it was annually the perfect culmination to a great college football season .
LSU at 6 - 4 These two teams combined for four national championships and was the most consistent rivalry in the best conference in football .
Florida spoiled the 2003 LSU Tigers unbeaten season ( although they still won a BCS title ) and Nick Saban helped to increase traffic to fireronzook.com after pasting Florida by four touchdowns in 2002 .
Surprisingly , these two teams never met in the SEC championship game , despite arguably being the two most successful teams within their respective divisions .
Too bad we never got to see Saban vs Meyer with this rivalry either .
Thelost some of its luster during the 90's as both programs were down but gained its mojo back after Oklahoma won the first national championship of the decade .
The beginning of the decade saw Bob Stoops and the Sooners dominate Mack Brown and the Longhorns , as golden boy Chris Simms struggled against annually ferocious Sooner defenses .
Arguably the best player of the decade QB Vince Young would even the odds as he led Texas to an undefeated season , national championship , but got it going with a huge blowout of the Sooners .
The Rivalry also featuredwhich will go down in both Sooner and college football histories lore , and 5 teams that appeared in national title games , each winning one .
With a Heisman winning QB in one corner ( Jason White ) and the most winningest QB in college football history in the other ( Colt McCoy ) this rivalry became the rivalry of the decade in college football and one of the best in sports , period .
Oklahoma at 6 - 4 The end of the decade saw some amazing coaching runs come to an end ( USC 's streak of top 5 finishes ) most definitely controversy ( Kiffen leaving Tennessee , Meyer retiring for a week ) .
When taking into consideration the moves of certain coaches and the revaming of their respective coaching staffs , its only logic to assume that the face of college football is shifting once again .
The 2010's wont look like the end of the 2000's , especially in regards to the sports top powers .
This is not a list of the best coaches ; best is too subjective and does not take into account variables like program prestige , assistant coaches , and recruiting .
Instead , this is a list of current successful coaches that have the best chance to keep on winning going into the new decade .
The next 10 years will be as unpredictable as December was to January this off - season , but this is my best attempt at pegging which coaches will continue to have success going forward . : 47117-29
He 's young , recruits at a high level , and has a legacy to continue building , which includes shedding the perception that he is a choke - artist .
His 2010 resume may end up looking even more impressive than his 2000 resume , which included becoming the fastest Oklahoma coach to reach 100 wins .
58124-50-1Saban produced an incredible college football tree ( both Florida State and Tennessee have Saban disciples as their headcoach ) and may go down as this generations greatest college coach , after becoming the first coach since the polls to win two national titles at two different schools .
So why is n't he number 1 ?
I doubt he coaches till he is 68 , and the SEC will likely make each and every season a challenge .
48171-57 - 2Kelly has already put together one heck of a career , but he can become special if he can turn the fortunes of the Irish around .
I 've heard this saying a few times and its absolutely true .
If you go undefeated at a BCS school , you go to the hall of fame .
If you go undefeated at Notre Dame , you go to Heaven .
With a knack of gameplanning and coaching up talent , its no reason Kelly cant be one of the more successful coaches of the next decade .
4549 - 4Peterson took the reigns from Hawkins and never looked back .
He has led Boise State to two BCS Bowl wins and two undefeated seasons .
Going into 2010 , he has a realistic shot to lead the first non-BCS team to a BCS Championship game .
He may not stick with Boise State after this next season , but either way , its reasonable to expect his success at the collegiate level will continue .
5787 -21 Tressell has dominated Michigan and won a national championship , something his predecessor was not able to do .
One would think his fanbase would be anointing him as God after accomplishing what he was hired to accomplish .
But after humiliation in championship games , more is wanted from the coach that has won 5 national championships in college football .
Tressell is putting together top notch recruiting classes , and his teams should continue to be the cream of the conference .
If that is the case , dont be surprised to see Tressell in a few more title games before his career is done.4985-28TCU , along with Utah and Boise State , has blown up the BCS and helped to increase the talks of of a reformatted championship formula .
The man responsible for that is Patterson , who has beaten BCS teams like Oklahoma and Clemson in his tenure .
With six 10 win seasons and 9 bowl appearances , it 's likely to see TCU continue to thrive as long as Patterson is in charge .
The question is would he be willing to leave TCU ?
He turned down the Minnesota job when it became open , and with the great state of Texas to recruit in , he may not see an incentive to leave ( especially if the Mountain West becomes a BCS conference ) .
5497-76 Ferentz has taken Iowa to two Orange Bowls , and has kept them competitive in the Big 10 for the majority of the decade .
His teams are known for being hard - nosed and physical ; a throwback and contrary to the spread - formation finesse teams of late .
Ferentz has been mentioned for some NFL gigs , but none have came to fruition .
If he stays at Iowa , expect his teams to be one of the better in the Big 10.4349-15 Mendenhall has brought BYU back to national recognition and has also produced some of the more dynamic quarterbacks of the decade .
With the Mountain West Conference gaining more notoriety , he may also be more inclined to stay at BYU for a while .
He is young , has a fresh offensive mind , and is a great motivator .
Regardless of where he decides to coach , I dont expect to see him fade into obscurity anytime soon .
4990 - 27 Although the past two seasons have brought about criticism , and the Bulldogs failed to reach a BCS championship game despite talented teams , Richt has as impressive as a resume as almost any coach on this list .
Georgia under Richt were road warriors , a testament to his coaching , and they more games than any teams of the 2000's .
He has struggled against Florida which is a monkey he will have to get off of his back .
5650 -14 Miles had an amazing run after taking over for Saban , but he has not been without criticism .
Although he won a national title , many critiques say it was with Sabans players and that team still lost two games .
I 've heard some even claim he is Larry Corker incarnated , but the man who led Oklahoma State to respectability and has produced in the SEC can't be as bad as some of his doubters are saying .
He turned down Nebraska , and now is making nearly 4 million dollars a year , a comparable salary to Nick Saban and Urban Meyer .
If Les does not start producing like Saban and Meyer , I dont expect him to be at LSU for too much longer .
Even if that comes to fruition , I still expect him to continue to win 8 - 9 games a year , and be one of the biggest winners in the new decade .
58215-101-1
The lowest national champion on my list , Mack Brown won at North Carolina and Texas , two programs that were down in the dumps before he got there .
The only reason I cant put him higher is because current defensive coordinator and head coach in waiting Will Muschamp is patiently waiting to become the headcoach of the team .
Muschamp turned down a chance to coach at Tennessee in the SEC , which leads me to believe he feels that his chance to become the Longhorn coach will come sooner rather than later .
Still , I dont think Brown is quite satisfied yet , he wants at least another national title .
5047 -17 Whittingham led Utah to a BCS bowl win over Nick Sabans Tigers and is a perfect 5 - 0 in Bowl Games .
The son of a NFL coach , Whittingham has the pedigree and foundation to continue his success as a great college coach and I would not be surprised to see him take his talent to the NFL .
That is the reason he is not higher on this list .
4038 - 14A youngster on the list , Bielema took over for Alvarez and did not miss a beat .
Wisconsin continues to be fly under the radar , but if their bowl game against Miami was any indication , then the Badgers may be ready to take that next step into being a BCS contender .
46113-78-2 Rich
Rod has had some opposition from Michigan faithful that claim he is not a Michigan man , but its no doubt that he is one of the better offensive minds in the country .
I 'm still not sure that Michigan is his best fit , but there is no doubt in my mind that he will be one of the most successful coaches going forward .
52128-79
Nutt did great things at Arkansas and should continue his success at Mississippi .
While his 2009 team fell short of expectations , how many times did Tubbervilles Auburn team fall below expectation before they had that undefeated season .
Nutt is doing a great job at recruiting , and while he has to compete with Saban , Miles , Petrino , and even Mullen , I expect him to routinely get a nice sized slice of that SEC pie .
He will get his , even if it comes in the form of upsets .
4867-35
Tedford came to prominence after having early success against USC and producing NFL Quarterback prospects like David Carr and Aaron Rodgers .
He 's a California guy , and should continue to have success in the Pac 10 , as he becomes one of the elders of the conference with so many newcomers coming in .
Cal does have to stop losing to teams they should be beating .
52126-46 Many doubted whether Johnsons tripple option could work in a BCS conference , and marginal recruits , Johnson proved that it could .
Although his teams have been stifled in bowl games when teams had extra time to prepare for it , I believe Johnson is stubborn enough to not adapt .
He 's still recruiting his guys , and the state of Georgia allows for Johnson to recruit big time athletes that should flourish in his system .
If he can get that defense back to being respectable , Johnsons success should continue .
I dont see him taking his game to the NFL , either .5664-47 Riley figures to be the Beaver head coach for as long as they will have him , after not having interest in the USC head coaching job .
His teams have been sneaky good during his time there , although there has been some criticism of slow starts .
I dont know if I expect a national title from Riley , but a few BCS bowl games could definitely be in store .
4854-21 After building Louisville into a BCS bowl contender , Petrino left for the NFL as a hotshot headcoach .
After surprisingly leaving the Falcons , his reputation has taken a hit in some regard .
Regardless of that , reality is that he is still one of the best coaches in the game , and with Ryan Mallet back as QB , he should start the decade out with success .
Getting past Bama , Ole Miss , and LSU to get to SEC Championships will be a daunting task , but getting Arkansas to bowl games annually seems within reach .
5870-38
Davis left the college game for the NFL and returned after a mediocre stint with the Browns .
Had he stayed with the Hurricanes , he could have potentially won 2 or 3 national championships , considering the talent those Miami teams had stacked because of his recruiting .
He 's trying to get UNC at least back to the level that Mack Brown had them in the late 90's , and so far he 's done a good job .
I cant see UNC ever getting to the level of a National Title contender , but winning ACC titles in the next decade is not out of the question .
Notable Emissions : Frank Beamer , Virginia Tech
The 63 year old coach has had a great career , turning Virginia Tech into a perennial power .
But sadly , I think his career is starting to wind down .
He may end up sticking around a lot longer than I expect , ala Joe Paterno , but with a guy like Bud Foster continuing to stick around , I think Frank - - who has won over 230 games -- may be looking to hang it up relatively soon .
Urban Meyer , FloridaThe wildcard in all of this .
I 've heard from some close to the Florida Program that they dont think the 45 year old coach will coach football anytime soon .
I also hear from many that he will be coaching come August .
His leave of absence , despite him actively putting finishing touches on his 2010 recruiting class , ultimately leaves his career in doubt .
I still anticipate there being more to the Urban Meyer story than what has come out .
If he 's back by September , He immediately shoots to the top of this list ; if not , he 'll have to settle for being one of the best coaches on the 2000's .
Unlike the last list , this one is for coaches that look like the future of the sport .
These guys are either young , are still early into their headcoaching careers , or are considered top notch coordinators with the potential to be headcoaches .
Ten years from now , expect a few of these guys to be national champions .
The Urban Meyers of the world had to start from somewhere .
1. , Stanford
The beatdown of the Trojans , Ducks , and Irish , may be the start to the resurgence of Stanford thanks to the 46 year old coach .
Will academics hinder them ?
2. , USCHe 's a young ( 34 years young ) USC guy and has a good coaching staff surrounding him .
Maybe this is where we finally see what the fuss is about .
3. , NebraskaThe blackshirts are back , all he needs to do is find some offense .
The North is for the taking for this 42 year old coach .
4. , Northwestern
He'll have Northwestern competing for January Bowl games more times than not .
He 's one of the youngest coaches in the country ( 35 years ) 5. , RutgersSchiano ( 43 years old ) wants to build Rutgers into a power .
If he can monopolize the northeast in recruiting , then it 's possible .
6. , OregonKelly ( 40 years old ) led the Ducks to a Rose Bowl birth .
Can he lead them past that ?
7. , Florida StateHe fixed the anemic offense , but can the 44 year old do the same for the defense ?
8. , Oklahoma StateHe's a man , and now he 's 42 .
But can he push them past Cotton Bowl births ?
9. , South FloridaHoltz ( 45 years old ) is in an ideal situation .
He can take the program where Leavitt could not .
10 . , WashingtonWashington is a potential sleeping giant , and Sarkisians ( 35 years old ) first season at Washington was a good start into awakening them .
11. , LouisvilleStrong ( 49 years old ) finally gets a headcoaching gig after years of putting out top notch defenses at Florida .
He has the staff already in place to get Louisville back in the Big East chase .
12. , Texas ( DC ) The head coach in waiting at Texas should not miss a beat when he becomes the man in charge .
At 38 years old , he still can soak up game from headcoach Mack Brown while sharpening his skills as a coach .
13 . , KansasAfter unseen success at Buffalo , the 47 year old looks to bring his game to the Big 12 North , a division looking for a consistently good team .
14 . , AuburnChizik ( 48 years old ) is recruiting like a mad man at Auburn , and after a solid first season could find himself competing for SEC West titles in the near future .
15 . , Alabama ( DC ) He's a disciple of Saban and should be one of the hottest names in the country within the next few seasons .
It 's likely that the 34 year old becomes a head coach sometime during the decade .
We 've already discussed how football works in cycles , so its only a matter of time before the Notre Dames , Florida States , Michigans , Nebraskas , and Miamis of the world are back on top .
This list though is for programs that have all of the resources to become major college programs if they can get the right situation .
For example , this past decade the top 5 sleeping giants that emerged were5 .
Georgia4 . Virginia Tech3 .
West Virginia2 . Oregon1 . LSUAll of these teams had success prior to the 2000's and a few even won national championships .
But each of them were largely considered middle of the pack programs for much of their conception as football programs .
The thing that made them sleeping giaints , were their conference affiliation , great alumni support ( money ) , fertile recruiting grounds , and an unwavering fanbase .
All of these fans are known for being rowdy , despite not always being the most successful programs , and now each of them have won BCS games .
Going forward , which programs have that type of potential to become major in the 2010's ?
They are adding to their stadium and after some very successful teams can look to start getting some more traction in the Ohio are for recruiting .
Ohio State will always be top dog ( does anyone remember Cincy almost upsetting Ohio State in 2002 ? ) , but I dont think it 's inconceivable that Cincy cant be what Virginia Tech was in the Big East .
Washington has won a national championship before , but they have seem some very dismal lows the past decade , which is amazing since they started off the decade with a bang .
This fanbase is too rowdy , this program is too storied , and the west coast has too much talent for Washington to continue to remain a doormat .
Can they duplicate the success that Oregon enjoyed in the 2000's ?
Although many feel private institutions with high academic standards wont ever be able to consistently win in the new millennium , I think it will simply take the right situation for it to happen .
Stanford may not be able to outrecruit Cal , USC , or Oregon , but like West Virginia in the 2000's , I think its very possible for them to win with talented guys that did not get offered by the the USCs or the Oregons of the West Coast .
Consistent 8 win seasons with a few BCS games sprinkled in ?
I think its possible .
They were the best Texas team of the 90's but one of the worst in the 2000's .
The Aggies have a relatively successful past , but lack a post - World War 2 National Title and has consistently been the little brother to the rival Longhorns .
I dont know if they have the right coach in place now , but sometime during the next decade , the right coaching staff could allow for them to become the power that they have the potential to be .
They have the right recipes for great success ( recruiting ground , tradition , fanbase ) but just lack the chef .
Reminds me of Georgia of the 2000's .
They have a SEC - like fanbase , a state that cares about their football , a state that produces tons of college prospects , and the money and support that could easily push them to the top .
One has to wonder why it has taken so long for Clemson to become a college power .
In fact , it reminds me of LSU heading into the 2000's .
In fact , I think Clemsons Death Valley at night is comparable to LSUs .
Clemson had some good runs in the 80's and were consistent conference champions of the ACC pre-Florida State .
But they have failed to live up to expectation since .
I dont know if Dabo Sweeney is the man that will take them there , but if by 2020 , Clemson is not considered an elite program , it will be the biggest waste of potential in college football .
Provided there is no playoff the next decade , BCS Busters from mid majors will continue to be an annual topic .
Ever since Tulans undefeated season , there has seemingly always been one non-BCS program to look to join the party by going undefeated .
TCU and Boise State have been two of the more consistent programs to do it .
What s interesting is that it would have been difficult to predict the success of many mid majors at this point 10 years ago .
Boise State , a former junior college , was a member of the Big West Conference , and while TCU was a former Southwest Conference member , they were left out of the Big 12 and were randomly with the WAC conference .
A program like USF was an independent whose football program was only four years old .
Fastforward 10 years , and each of those programs have risen in terms of perception , with one of them now a BCS power .
Who will rise the next decade ?
Troy has had success on the field and also has produced some NFL stars .
SMU made its first bowl game since the death penalty this past season .
It s possible that by 2013 , Jacksonville State could move to the FBS .
Western Kentucky and FIU have recently moved to FBS and more than a few other FCS schools are hoping to make the move the next decade .
Will there be another USF or Boise State ?
With parity increasing in college football , I think its possible .
With the rise in popularity of spread offenses and the wildcat , college football has continually evolved .
While the 90s teams mostly used Pro Style offenses and option offenses , resulting in dominant running games ( 4 of the Heisman winners of the 90s were running backs ) , the 2000s teams used short passing games as alternatives to running the ball and 5 wide sets with option reads allowing for QBs to become much more than a pocket QB .
This allowed for offensive records to be broken , while defenses played catch up .
Tim Tebow , became arguably the player of the decade because of this .
Spread offenses have reduced the need for one brute to carry the ball 25 times a game and maybe that is why the past decade only saw two Heisman winners at RB ( and one was as much of a receiver and return man as a running back ) .
Will this trend continue into the 2k10s ?
Will Paul Johnsons tripple option offense catch on with other programs ?
To counter the spread , will more big time teams start using the 3 - 3 - 5 defense ?
Florida used it some this past season to get their playmaking safeties on the field .
College football is always changing , so the best bet is there will be many changes to both the offensive and defensive side of the ball .
College Football will continue to be the sport of choice for this fan , and it might even become crazier if they ever decide on a fair and viable post - season format .
Once considered mostly a southern sport , college football is starting to take off in all directions across the country .
But one thing remains for sure , the next decade will offer plenty of fresh ups and downs as new national powers will emerge and previous powers will go into hibernation .
The only question is what will it look like when the dust settles in 10 years .
Last edited by He Hate Me on Sat Feb 20 , 2010 1:04 am ; edited 3 times in total Back to top Blknite01
Joined : 09 Jan 2005
Posts : 13776
Location : Apopka , FL Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 3:06 am
Post subject :
Will you marry me ?
_________________
I 'd rather get gunned down than dumb'd down Back to top thrILL !
Joined : 28 Feb 2007
Posts : 23622
Location : Los Angeles CA Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 3:16 am Post subject :
_________________
ROLL TIDE ROLL
A very comprehensive and interesting read .
Kudos._________________ GRINDIN ' wrote :
No more late night Boggle with Paul Giamatti .
Back to top rabbisson
Joined : 26 Dec 2004
Posts : 28904
Location : # PoWwW York City Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 3:24 am Post subject :
But no Randy Edsall / UCONN mention ?
At all ?
Considering at the beginning of this decade they were in the FCS ?
And storied minds like Houston Nutt and Jeff Tedford make it ?
That 's a bit of a surprise to me , just because of the fact that he essentially built the program from the ground up , led them to a Big East Championship in 2006 , and guided them through a ridiculous tragedy this year .
To me , that reads more than Nutt and Tedford 's empty bowl wins with teams that should consistently compete .
I 'd even call them disappointments .
IMO , no coaches in the country do a better job at evaluating and maximizing talent than Randy Edsall and Jim Grobe .
And they 're both only going to get better as time goes on .
_________________
Sensational post ... But no Randy Edsall / UCONN mention ?
At all ?
Considering at the beginning of this decade they were in the FCS ?
And storied minds like Houston Nutt and Jeff Tedford make it ?
That 's a bit of a surprise to me , just because of the fact that he essentially built the program from the ground up , led them to a Big East Championship in 2006 , and guided them through a ridiculous tragedy this year .
To me , that reads more than Nutt and Tedford 's empty bowl wins with teams that should consistently compete .
I 'd even call them disappointments .
IMO , no coaches in the country do a better job at evaluating and maximizing talent than Randy Edsall and Jim Grobe .
And they 're both only going to get better as time goes on .
_________________
Iggles wrote :
This guy gets it .
Seriously , the ideas being espoused here need to get to 88 mph so they can go back to the 1950's .
I 'm a cold - blooded dickens .
Back to top RavensWin520
Joined : 11 Oct 2005
Posts : 16580
Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 3:41 am Post subject : rabbisson wrote : Sensational post ...
But no Randy Edsall / UCONN mention ?
At all ?
Considering at the beginning of this decade they were in the FCS ?
And storied minds like Houston Nutt and Jeff Tedford make it ?
That 's a bit of a surprise to me , just because of the fact that he essentially built the program from the ground up , led them to a Big East Championship in 2006 , and guided them through a ridiculous tragedy this year .
To me , that reads more than Nutt and Tedford 's empty bowl wins with teams that should consistently compete .
I 'd even call them disappointments .
IMO , no coaches in the country do a better job at evaluating and maximizing talent than Randy Edsall and Jim Grobe .
And they 're both only going to get better as time goes on .
I love your # 1 Sleeping Giant pick .
I sure hope it happens , and Clemson will have an elite recruiting class in 2011 which is a great start .
According to the early rankings , Clemson will have the # 10 ( Brandon Shell - very strong lean ) , # 16 ( Jay Rome , legacy recruit , Clemson lock , called best TE prospect since Gresham ) , # 22 ( Cheron Peake - SC player , very strong lean ) , # 32 ( Marlin Lane - already committed ) , # 93 ( Shon Carson - lean ) and is in great position to land the # 14 ( Stephone Anthony ) and # 88 ( Phillip Dukes ) .
That is one hell of a potential class .
Already have 7 really good commitments , and even though NSD for 2010 has n't arrived , Clemson coaches keep talking about their 2011 class .
Great post He Hate Me
_________________
It is n't his list of best coaches , it is the list of coaches who have the best chance at success .
Edsall has n't proven enough , and Wake is too hard of a place to recruit .
I love your # 1 Sleeping Giant pick .
I sure hope it happens , and Clemson will have an elite recruiting class in 2011 which is a great start .
According to the early rankings , Clemson will have the # 10 ( Brandon Shell - very strong lean ) , # 16 ( Jay Rome , legacy recruit , Clemson lock , called best TE prospect since Gresham ) , # 22 ( Cheron Peake - SC player , very strong lean ) , # 32 ( Marlin Lane - already committed ) , # 93 ( Shon Carson - lean ) and is in great position to land the # 14 ( Stephone Anthony ) and # 88 ( Phillip Dukes ) .
That is one hell of a potential class .
Already have 7 really good commitments , and even though NSD for 2010 has n't arrived , Clemson coaches keep talking about their 2011 class .
Great post He Hate Me_________________
Back to top He Hate Me
Joined : 02 Apr 2006
Posts : 11507
Location : Unconquered Territory Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 3:50 am Post subject : rabbisson wrote : Sensational post ...
But no Randy Edsall / UCONN mention ?
At all ?
Considering at the beginning of this decade they were in the FCS ?
And storied minds like Houston Nutt and Jeff Tedford make it ?
That 's a bit of a surprise to me , just because of the fact that he essentially built the program from the ground up , led them to a Big East Championship in 2006 , and guided them through a ridiculous tragedy this year .
To me , that reads more than Nutt and Tedford 's empty bowl wins with teams that should consistently compete .
I 'd even call them disappointments .
IMO , no coaches in the country do a better job at evaluating and maximizing talent than Randy Edsall and Jim Grobe .
And they 're both only going to get better as time goes on .
Edsall was on my list ( he came in at around 22 , I was going to do honorable mentions but decided not to ) but I could not see him having more success going forward than the guys I had ahead of him .
And while Grobe proved he was one of the best coaches this decade ( as a Nole Fan , I saw firsthand how good his teams could be ) I could not put him above any other the coaches I had either .
Since Grobe still has not left , I 'm starting to doubt him going anywhere else .
And going forward I cant see Grobe having top 20 win success at Wake Forrest .
Both can both make the case for being one of the top 20 best college coaches in america .
Back to top TheManster
Joined : 30 Oct 2007
Posts : 8048
Location : started out on burgundy Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 4:39 am Post subject :
One would think , though , that June Jones is position for a tremendous amount of success at SMU and in the C - USA .
In his first full recruiting class , he has already pulled in the best class since the death penalty .
He has a wealth of options in state , especially in the Dallas area , to pull great athletes from .
I could easily see SMU having around 90 wins in the decade , possibly more .
_________________
Fan of : Cowboys , Rangers , SMU Mustangs , Chelsea FC , Pirlo's Hair Great post .
One would think , though , that June Jones is position for a tremendous amount of success at SMU and in the C - USA .
In his first full recruiting class , he has already pulled in the best class since the death penalty .
He has a wealth of options in state , especially in the Dallas area , to pull great athletes from .
I could easily see SMU having around 90 wins in the decade , possibly more .
_________________Fan of : Cowboys , Rangers , SMU Mustangs , Chelsea FC , Pirlo's Hair Back to top playmaker8267
Joined : 03 Jan 2008
Posts : 10631
Location : Connecticut Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 8:00 am Post subject : The Manster wrote : Great post .
One would think , though , that June Jones is position for a tremendous amount of success at SMU and in the C - USA .
In his first full recruiting class , he has already pulled in the best class since the death penalty .
He has a wealth of options in state , especially in the Dallas area , to pull great athletes from .
I could easily see SMU having around 90 wins in the decade , possibly more .
I completely agree , it 's just that I think a BCS conference program would snatch Jones up before he could lead SMU to 90 + wins .
He Hate Me , fantastic stuff .
I learned a lot by reading this , and enjoyed it thoroughly .
I 'll probably re-read it when I get home .
I wo n't do the rab thing and complain about my team not being mentioned on this list .
_________________
Bruins // Patriots // Red Sox // Chelsea
I completely agree , it 's just that I think a BCS conference program would snatch Jones up before he could lead SMU to 90 + wins . , fantastic stuff .
I learned a lot by reading this , and enjoyed it thoroughly .
I 'll probably re-read it when I get home .
I wo n't do thething and complain about my team not being mentioned on this list_________________
bkobow05 wrote : Ban playmaker iyam imo fwiw .
Back to top ianlewis16
Joined : 07 Dec 2004
Posts : 24071
Location : Proud Eagles Forum First Ballot HOF Member Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 10:03 am Post subject : I second the marriage comment .
Great read dude , nice to see Peterson getting some credit .
I actually feel i learnt something after reading this !
_________________
Kempes wrote :
There 's Eastern Time , there 's Greenwich Mean Time and then there 's ianlewis time .
Blahman88 wrote : I control the EBB ....... except Ian , no body can control him Back to top He Hate Me
Joined : 02 Apr 2006
Posts : 11507
Location : Unconquered Territory Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 10:20 am Post subject : Great point by June Jones .
Did a lot for Hawaii and resurrected SMU .
He should most def be among the biggest winners of the new decade .
Top 20 ?
I think its possible .
Back to top B_wolf84
Joined : 17 Apr 2008
Posts : 1491
Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 11:14 am Post subject : Blknite01 wrote :
Will you marry me ?
A Gator and a Nole ?
thats just wrong !
wrong I say lol
Great post man .
I enjoyed the read alot .
The one thing I have concerns about is Mark Richt .
I can see his run at Georgia ending in near future , and now Tenn coach being thier top canidate depending on the job he does at Tenn .
Richt needs to have success quickly , the talent of his teams vs the production he has had have not been up to Geo standards as of late .
I am not sure just how well Dan Mullen will do , but he looks to have already stepped things up for Miss St and look for a decent rise out of that team in the next few years .
He might be worth an honorable mention as they have a team that could benifit from lack luster Tenn , Geo and the always under acheving S. Car in the SEC .
_________________
FB : b.wolf84 , PSN : b-wolf84
Its good to be a Florida Gator !!!
Go Pack Go! Back to top He Hate Me
Joined : 02 Apr 2006
Posts : 11507
Location : Unconquered Territory Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 11:27 am
Post subject :
If you ask me , Richt raise the standards at Georgia .
Even if he leaves Georgia , I see him having success elsewhere .
I could def see someone like Kirby Smart being the Richt replacement if he did end up getting the axe ( which I still dont think would happen ) .
Mullen would have most def been on the " We Got Next " list if I would have expanded it to 20 coaches .
Back to top vikingsnumber1
Joined : 29 Jan 2007
Posts : 2120
Location : Winona State University Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 12:06 pm
Post subject :
Awesome read .
Made my morning a whole lot better .
_________________
Vikings | Brewers | Wild | Thunder | Michigan
props to mack .
on the sick sig Awesome read .
Made my morning a whole lot better .
_________________props to mack . on the sick sig Back to top d_stanton2lions
Joined : 18 Mar 2007
Posts : 3324
Location : Boulder , Colorado Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 1:46 pm
Post subject :
One of the better posts I 've read in a while , fantastic job .
Completely unbiased , and remained neutral .
Props to that .
Makes me want to sit down tomorow and watch a college football game , but unfortunately , I can't .
Back to top Dolphins82
Joined : 29 Apr 2007
Posts : 13686
Location : The 2015 Parade Posted : Fri Jan 22 , 2010 2:10 pm
Post subject :
But no Miami returning to dominance .....
Miami if going to win the first title to set it off .
_________________
[ ] _ [ ]
Family
Not 1 , not 2 , not 3 ........... it's not a joke , it 's a threat Damn .... But no Miami returning to dominance ..... Miami if going to win the first title to set it off .
_________________Not 1 , not 2 , not 3 ........... it's not a joke , it 's a threat Back to top Display posts from previous : All Posts 1 Day 7 Days 2 Weeks 1 Month 3 Months 6 Months 1 Year Oldest First Newest First
FootballsFuture.com Forum Index ->
College Football
All times are GMT - 4 Hours
1 , 2 Next Goto page Page 1 of 2
Jump to : Select a forum Football ---------------- NFL General NFL News NFL Comparisons NFL Draft 2017 NFL Mock Draft GM Mock Drafts Fantasy Football College Football AFC East ----------------
Buffalo Bills Miami Dolphins New England Patriots New York Jets AFC North
----------------
Baltimore Ravens Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Pittsburgh Steelers AFC South
----------------
Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Tennessee Titans AFC West ----------------
Denver Broncos Kansas City Chiefs Oakland Raiders Los Angeles Chargers NFC East ----------------
Dallas Cowboys New York Giants Philadelphia Eagles Washington Redskins NFC North
----------------
Chicago Bears Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Minnesota Vikings NFC South
----------------
Atlanta Falcons Carolina Panthers New Orleans Saints Tampa Bay Buccaneers NFC West ----------------
Arizona Cardinals Los Angeles Rams San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Other Sports
----------------
Baseball Basketball Soccer Other Sports Fantasy / Sim / GM Leagues General ----------------
This aint sports talk !
Entertainment Madden 17 and video games Feedback Forum Signature and Avatar Help
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot vote in polls in this forum
Powered by
Powered by phpBB © 2001 , 2005 phpBB Group
U.S. Defence Secretary Robert Gates says Americans should expect a significant U.S. military presence in Afghanistan for another two to four years .
Appearing Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press , Gates said the initial U.S. troop withdrawal from Afghanistan in July 2011 might involve only a small number of troops .
Gates said that just as in Iraq , the U.S. will turn over provinces to homegrown security forces , allowing the United States to bring the number of troops down steadily .
The U.S. defence secretary noted that Afghan President Hamid Karzai talked in his inaugural address about taking over security control in all of Afghanistan in five years .
Many of the other answers have focused on the performance ( parallelism ) side of functional programming , which I believe is very important .
However , you did specifically ask about productivity , as in , can you program the same thing faster in a functional paradigm than in an imperative paradigm .
I actually find ( from personal experience ) that programming in F# matches the way I think better , and so it 's easier .
I think that 's the biggest difference .
I 've programmed in both F# and C# , and there 's a lot less " fighting the language " in F# , which I love .
You do n't have to think about the details in F# .
Here 's a few examples of what I 've found I really enjoy .
For example , even though F# is statically typed ( all types are resolved at compile time ) , the type inference figures out what types you have , so you do n't have to say it .
And if it can't figure it out , it automatically makes your function / class / whatever generic .
So you never have to write any generic whatever , it 's all automatic .
I find that means I 'm spending more time thinking about the problem and less how to implement it .
In fact , whenever I come back to C# , I find I really miss this type inference , you never realise how distracting it is until you do n't need to do it anymore .
Also in F# , instead of writing loops , you call functions .
It 's a subtle change , but significant , because you do n't have to think about the loop construct anymore .
For example , here 's a piece of code which would go through and match something ( I can't remember what , it 's from a project Euler puzzle ) :
let matching Factors = factors |> Seq.filter ( fun x -> largestPalindrome % x = 0 ) |> Seq.map ( fun x -> ( x , largestPalindrome / x ) )
I realise that doing a filter then a map ( that 's a conversion of each element ) in C# would be quite simple , but you have to think at a lower level .
Particularly , you 'd have to write the loop itself , and have your own explicit if statement , and those kinds of things .
Since learning F# , I 've realised I 've found it easier to code in the functional way , where if you want to filter , you write " filter " , and if you want to map , you write " map " , instead of implementing each of the details .
I also love the |> operator , which I think separates F# from ocaml , and possibly other functional languages .
It 's the pipe operator , it lets you " pipe " the output of one expression into the input of another expression .
It makes the code follow how I think more .
Like in the code snippet above , that 's saying , " take the factors sequence , filter it , then map it . "
It 's a very high level of thinking , which you do n't get in an imperative programming language because you 're so busy writing the loop and if statements .
It 's the one thing I miss the most whenever I go into another language .
So just in general , even though I can program in both C# and F# , I find it easier to use F# because you can think at a higher level .
I would argue that because the smaller details are removed from functional programming ( in F# at least ) , that I am more productive .
Edit : I saw in one of the comments that you asked for an example of " state " in a functional programming language .
F# can be written imperatively , so here 's a direct example of how you can have mutable state in F# :
sessionman.vim : Vim session manager
script karma Rating 375/130 , Downloaded by 7578 Comments , bugs , improvements
Vim wiki created by Yuri Klubakov script type utility description Vim provides a ' : mksession ' command to save the current editing session .
This plug - in helps to work with Vim sessions by keeping them in the dedicated location and by providing commands to list all sessions , open session , open last session , close session , save session and show last session .
From a list of sessions you can open session , delete session , edit session and edit extra session script .
Please note that session name can contain spaces and does not have to have a .vim extension .
On Windows , DOS and OS2 sessions are saved in :
" $ HOME / vimfiles / sessions " if $ HOME is defined
" $ APPDATA / Vim/ sessions " if $ APPDATA is defined
" $ VIM / sessions " otherwise
On Unix sessions are saved in :
" $ HOME/.vim/sessions "
If this directory does not exist , it will be created by the : SessionSave command ( requires Vim 7 ) .
At the top of the window there is a help that shows normal mode mappings :
q - close session list
o , < CR > , < 2- LeftMouse > - open session
d - delete session
e - edit session
x - edit extra session script
The name of an opened session is saved in g:LAST_SESSION variable which is saved in the viminfo file if ' viminfo ' option contains '!'.
It is used to open last session by : SessionOpenLast command .
It can be done when Vim starts ( gvim + bd - c SessionOpenLast ) or any time during a Vim session .
You can edit an extra session script to specify additional settings and actions associated with a given session .
If you change values of ' expandtab ' , ' tabstop ' or ' shiftwidth ' , they will be restored to their original values when session is closed or before a new session is opened .
When session is opened and ' cscope ' is enabled , script calls ' cscope add ' for the current directory so make sure it is set correctly for the session .
: SessionOpen command takes a session name as an argument .
It supports argument completion .
: SessionOpenLast command opens the g:LAST_SESSION session ( see above ) .
: SessionClose command wipes out all buffers , kills cscope and clears variables with session name .
: SessionSave command saves the current editing session .
If v:this_session is empty it asks for a session name .
: SessionSaveAs command takes a session name as an optional argument .
If there is no argument or it is empty , it asks for a session name ( default is the last part of v:this_session ) .
: SessionShowLast command shows the content of the g:LAST_SESSION and v:this_session variables .
If ' sessionman_save_on_exit != 0 ' ( default ) then the current editing session will be automatically saved when you exit Vim .
Plug - in creates a " Sessions " sub - menu under the " File " menu .
install details Download and copy sessionman.vim to $ HOME /.vim / plugin ( Unix ) or $ HOME / vimfiles / plugin ( Windows ) or $ VIM / vimfiles / plugin ( both ) directory .
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes sessionman.vim 1.07 2015-04-09 6.0 Yuri Klubakov
Wiping out all buffers with ' % bwipeout ' was reported to be more reliable by demon386 sessionman.vim 1.06 2011-05-06 6.0 Yuri Klubakov - Added more " doautoall " commands when session is opened ( thanks to Marcin Szamotulski )
- Turned off spell checking in session list window .
sessionman.vim 1.05 2011-05-06 6.0 Yuri Klubakov - Improved compatibility with other scripts .
- Kill all cscope connections before sourcing new session .
That allows to add additional connections in extra session script .
- Fixed extra session script file name when session name has an extension .
- Removed < ESC > mapping .
Only 'q ' will close session list .
sessionman.vim 1.04 2008-06-22 6.0 Yuri Klubakov -
Added ability to edit session file ( can be useful if you moved files to a different location ) and extra session script ( see description ) .
- Added : SessionShowLast command that shows the content of the g:LAST_SESSION and v:this_session variables .
- Added test if session list window is already displayed and switch to it if it is .
- Show help at the top of the session list window instead of the status line ( with Erik Falor ) sessionman.vim 1.03 2007-09-13 6.0 Yuri Klubakov -
The command names were changed to start with : Session ... to make them completion - friendly ( sorry for breaking your settings ) .
- Added : SessionOpen {session} command that supports argument completion .
It makes it possible to open a session without showing session list ( useful when used in a script ) .
- Added : SessionSaveAs [ session ] command .
It makes it possible to save a session without a prompt when called with an argument ( useful when used in a script ) .
- :SessionSave command now saves the active session without a prompt if v:this_session is not empty .
sessionman.vim 1.02 2007-09-11 6.0 Yuri Klubakov
Configurable option to automatically save the current editing session on exit ( with Viktor Kojouharov ) sessionman.vim 1.01 2007-09-08 6.0 Yuri Klubakov - " OS friendly " sessions location ( see description )
- Create new window for the session list
- Create " Sessions " sub - menu under the " File " menu sessionman.vim 1.0 2007-09-05 6.0 Yuri Klubakov Initial upload ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
I ’m catching up with my podcasts and right now listening ( and watching ) to This Week in Android # 1 .
I have some comments to add .
First of all , I think it ’s great they are making a show about it .
I ’ve been extremely excited about Android since day 1 ( when I could n’t tell anyone because it was confidential information at Google ) and I ’m getting more excited all the time .
I honestly believe the Nexus One is the best phone ever made .
The show still has some rough edges , but that ’s a huge compliment for episode # 1 and looking forward to # 2 .
So , my comments …
Android was not a response to iPhone .
Android was released latter but it was being developed before iPhone was publicly known , probably even before it was even a rumor .
If you look at the early Android emulators , you can see it was targeted as a Blackberry competitor and I actually believe Android was delayed because they ’ve had to get rid of the keyboard to compete with iPhone .
Android is not good old Java .
It ’s for sure not J2ME , it ’s something totally different .
The virtual machine does n’t follow Sun ’s specification so you need a separate VM , compiler and so on ( provided in the SDK , of course ) .
The language , in a sense , it ’s not really Java .
It ’s so identical than developers wo n’t notice the difference .
Android is more open than they ’ve mentioned on the show .
In the show the mention the usual complaints about the draconian attitude for approving iPhone Apps while the Android Market is much more free and open .
But then , pushing the argument forward , the Android Market does n’t allow adult content .
What they ’ve failed to mention is that in Android you are not stuck with the Android Market ( like you are with the App Store in an iPhone ) .
In Android you can install web apps directly from the web , without any kind of market .
And some of those apps are actually markets themselves .
There are alternative markets including some that will allow adult content .
Another reason for these markets to exists is that they offered paid apps in countries before the Android Market did or you can envision they offering a bigger share to the developers or other benefits .
Google decided not to serve the porn industry with their Android Market but at no time they are forbidding you from getting adult content in your small wonderful portable tablet .
At some point in that episode they ’ve show a graph where iPhone had only 1 % of the market .
Well , iPhone really does n’t have the bast majority of the market .
It ’s really a small player in amount of phones .
It ’s the biggest player in apps and money moved in those apps and totally dominates some communities ; but not the whole market .
Android is going to be the dominant player because it ’s going to be in all those other phones .
Android will be huge without ever causing one lose sales for the iPhone .
It ’s a huge market with space for both players .
What Android is really grabbing is the market of Symbian and other operating systems like that .
My last comment for the show : stop talking about the iPhone .
I think it would be good to have one person be the outside voice , defending iPhone , and I think Lon is that voice .
He plays the part well .
The rest should never mention iPhone and should never do a pros and cons with Android in a balanced way .
It ’s not interesting , it does n’t make a show and I ’m not watching This Week in Android to know what are the advantages of iPhone .
Just say and keep repeating how Android is crushing it , get me excited about it .
The third search for the black boxes will begin in February next year French accident investigators say they will begin a third search for the black boxes of an Air France plane that crashed off the coast of Brazil .
The Airbus A330 crashed in a storm en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris on 1 June , killing all 228 people on board .
The head of the French investigation agency , Jean - Paul Troadec , announced the move in Rio de Janeiro after meeting relatives of the dead .
The search of the Atlantic Ocean is not due to begin until February 2010 .
The cause of the accident is still unknown although investigators believe the plane 's speed sensors had been " a factor " involved in the crash .
Mr Troadec was in Brazil to brief relatives about the current stage of the investigation before a new report into the crash is published in Paris next week .
" We tried to convince the families that we are conducting the investigation with the full intention of getting to the truth , " he said .
Timeline of Flight AF 447 Mystery of Air France flight Challenge of deep - sea debris Combing clues of crash jet He said a number of experts - including some from the US Navy and National Transportation Safety Board - would assist in the new search for cockpit audio and data recorders .
Private contractors will also be hired to help .
He said the searches would take place over a three - month span about 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) off Brazil 's north - east coast .
Investigators will use sonar and robot submarines .
However , they say the search will be challenging as ocean depths where the plane went down reach about 7,000 m ( 22,950 ft ) .
Maarten Van Sluys , one of the relatives that Mr Troadec met , said the renewed search was welcome but it was important to remember that 178 bodies had yet to be recovered .
He said : " We have expectations of recovering these remains and giving them a dignified burial . "
Mr Troadec said the forthcoming report contained no surprises but would highlight new details , " notably in terms of safety recommendations " .
The crash was the worst disaster in the 75 - year history of Air France .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gordon Brown will this week launch a £ 100bn programme to build thousands of offshore wind turbines that could power most of Britain 's households during strong winds and are crucial to meeting the country 's renewable targets .
The Crown Estate will announce which consortia have been successful in bidding to develop the nine zones , mostly in the North Sea , in the project , which is the most ambitious of its kind in the world .
The prime minister is expected to use the event to promote the potential economic benefits of the massive building works .
Bidders , which include the UK's big six energy suppliers , are being judged on their financial resources , expertise and safety record .
Many developers are privately sceptical about whether all the projects will be built by 2020 as planned because of the huge logistical and financial challenges involved .
Dozens of smaller projects – including the London Array – have been delayed because of funding problems in recent years .
The projects will be bigger than anything which exists today in the UK or elsewhere .
They will be further away from the coast and in deeper waters than existing offshore projects , making them more difficult and expensive to build and operate .
The biggest zone is at Dogger Bank , about 100 km off the north east coast , where wind farms with a capacity of 10gw – enough to power 10 m homes – are planned , at an estimated cost of more than £ 30bn .
Successful applicants will carry out further scoping work to decide where exactly to build the farms before submitting planning applications .
Construction is not expected to start until 2014 at the earliest .
But the Crown Estate will not require developers to source a proportion of the turbines and other components from domestic manufacturers unlike other countries , including Spain and China .
The paucity of Britain 's low carbon industry was exposed last year , when the Danish firm Vestas closed England 's only turbine manufacturing plant .
A spokeswoman for the Crown Estate said the government body , which owns the UK 's seabed , was holding a supply chain roadshow for British manufacturers around the country , starting later this month .
Working with regional development authorities , companies will be informed what components will be needed by the energy companies to help British industry benefit from the construction programme .
• This article was amended on 6 January 2010 .
The original described Vestas as a Dutch company .
This has been corrected .
The market is dead , with only Cyborg algos trading amongst themselves , as is the norm lately .
No reason to even comment on this .
Nobody wants to sell courtesy of moral hazard , and nobody wants to buy courtesy of 100x P/E .
Can we just call it a stalemate and all go home .
This is getting really stupid .
( oh and note the volume " accumulation " of days in which the market was up .
Yeah , exactly ) .
Il y a des exceptions dont la France pourrait - et devrait - se dispenser .
Il en est ainsi de la garde à vue .
Selon une étude de législation comparée réalisée par le Sénat - elle porte sur six pays européens : Allemagne , Grande - Bretagne , Belgique , Danemark , Espagne , Italie - , la France se singularise par un régime de garde à vue qui ne se limite pas aux présomptions d'infractions graves et qui , pour ce qui est de la présence d'un avocat , est peu respectueux des droits des prévenus .
Selon l'article 63 du code de procédure pénale , un officier de police judiciaire peut décider d'une privation de liberté dès lors qu'il a " une ou plusieurs raisons plausibles de soupçonner que ( ces personnes aient ) commis ou tenté de commettre une infraction " .
Dans les pays étudiés par le Sénat , il n'est possible de placer en garde à vue que des personnes soupçonnées d'une infraction d'une certaine gravité .
En Allemagne , ce régime est réservé aux infractions passibles d'au moins six mois de prison .
L'Espagne a placé la barre plus haut : le suspect doit être passible d'une peine de cinq ans d'emprisonnement .
Rien de tel en France : jeunes des quartiers difficiles , médecins , infirmières , syndicalistes et militants associatifs , enseignants , étrangers en situation irrégulière , conducteurs contrôlés avec un taux d'alcoolémie trop élevé ou trafiquants de stupéfiants , simples citoyens ayant eu le malheur de déplaire à un fonctionnaire de police , tous sont à la même enseigne - susceptibles d'être mis en garde à vue , avec toutes les humiliations habituelles accompagnant cette situation .
Et c'est ainsi qu'en 2008 pas moins de 577 816 personnes âgées de plus de 13 ans ont été en garde à vue - une hausse de près de 55 % en huit ans ! - , soit près de 1 % de la population .
Du jamais - vu dans aucun pays européen .
Triste record !
Le mauvais exemple vient d'en haut .
Cette banalisation de la garde à vue est encouragée par une obsessionnelle politique du chiffre qui suscite le mécontentement des syndicats de police .
Un projet de réforme de la procédure pénale envisage de limiter les gardes à vue aux infractions passibles d'une peine d'emprisonnement .
Ce serait un mieux qui rapprocherait la France des autres pays européens .
Encore faudrait - il que les droits de la défense soient enfin renforcés .
Or , là encore , la réforme en cours est plus timide que ce qui se pratique dans tous les pays voisins - notamment en ce qui concerne le niveau de l'intervention possible d'un avocat lors de la garde à vue .
C'est de bien mauvais augure .
Le Monde
svn2git ruleset for converting the gentoo - syntax repo to 2 git repos , {gentoo , eselect} - syntax
Carpets and copies of the Quran were burned in the attack Israeli police have released a rabbi they arrested in connection with an arson attack on a mosque in the West Bank last month .
Rabbi Yitzhak Shapira , from the settlement of Yitzhar , was arrested on Wednesday after he refused to co-operate with a police investigation .
Mr Shapira , who denies any involvement , was released on Thursday .
A court ruled that Mr Shapira should be released on Wednesday but police appealed against the decision .
On Thursday a Jerusalem magistrate turned down that appeal , saying the police and intelligence service Shin Bet had no evidence he was involved in the arson attack on a mosque in the Palestinian village of Yasuf on 10 January .
Attackers burned the mosque 's carpet and a shelf of Qurans , and wrote slogans in Hebrew on the floor .
Police arrested some students from the Od Yosef Hai yeshiva which is run by Mr Shapira , earlier this month saying they wanted to investigate whether they were involved in the mosque attack .
They have been remanded in custody until later on Thursday when it will be decided if they will face charges .
' Not co-operating ' Security sources said on Wednesday that Rabbi Shapira was " suspected of involvement in an attempt to set fire to a mosque " .
Rabbi Shapira 's lawyer told the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahranot that his client " denies any connection to the event " .
He was not co-operating with his investigators " in light of the Israel police 's conduct and their treatment of rabbis recently , " he said .
Rabbi Shapira published a controversial book last year which includes discussion of interpretations of the circumstances under which Jewish law permits Jews to kill non-Jews .
There have been protests by seminary students and a right - wing member of the Knesset outside the police station where he is being held .
The yeshiva said in a statement that he had been arrested " because of suspicion of not preventing the crime of torching a little carpet near a mosque " .
It said the institution 's spirit would not be broken by what it called " an alienated and frightened regime " , in reference to the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Mr Netanyahu has ordered a 10 - month lull in permits for new settlement homes in the West Bank , not including East Jerusalem .
The order followed US and Palestinian calls for a total freeze in settlement building .
Palestinian officials have refused to rejoin peace talks until a total freeze is imposed .
Some hard - line settlers say they will attack Palestinians in retaliation for any Israeli government measure they see as threatening Jewish settlements .
It is a policy they call the " price tag " .
All Jewish settlements in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , are illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Doctor : Hello , Mr. Phillips .
The nurse said you 're smelling double ?
Mr. Phillips : Yea well , I got two nostrils , do n't I ? Doctor : Hmm ... yes .
Doctor : I see you 're a rebellious cool guy .
Mr. Phillips : Yea well , my collar 's popped , ai n't it ?
Doctor : Exactly .
Doctor :
Tell me : how many bananas do you smell ?
Mr. Phillips : Hmph . ( Mr. Phillips looks nervous ) Mr. Phillips : I NEVER LEARNED TO SMELL !!
Doctor : I know .
I knew all along .
A rebel without a schnoz ?
Each dot represents a bit of known space junk that 's at least 4 inches ( 10 cm ) in low - Earth orbit , where the space station and shuttles roam .
In total , some 19,000 manmade objects this size or bigger orbit Earth as of July 2009 ; most are in low - Earth orbit .
Countless smaller objects are also circling the planet .
It 's not as bad as it looks , NASA says .
New images depict man-made objects bigger than 4 inches ( 10 cm ) orbiting Earth , and there are a bunch of them -- some 19,000 by the latest count .
NASA released the illustrated representations of space junk today based on the latest data and analysis from the U.S. Space Surveillance Network and the space agency 's Orbital Debris Program Office .
As with previous depictions , it looks like a mess .
But in a statement , NASA said the situation is not as dire as it may appear , even though each year brings more flotsam into the mix .
" The dots are not to scale , and space is a very big place , " the statement reads .
" Collisions between large objects are fairly rare .
The orbit of each piece is well known .
If any debris comes into the path of an operating NASA satellite , flight controllers will maneuver the satellite out of harm ’s way . "
Just this week , space shuttle Discovery was forced to dodge a piece of orbital trash as its astronaut crew prepared to come home .
Also this week , a piece of Chinese satellite debris was expected to pass by the space station twice early Wednesday , but never came anywhere near the orbiting laboratory .
Last week , a massive chunk of a 3 - year - old European rocket buzzed the space station while the shuttle was docked there , zipping past about 1.3 miles ( 3 km ) ahead of the station ; it posed zero risk of impact , Mission Control said .
And as of May 2009 , satellites in NASA ’s Earth Observing System had been maneuvered three times to avoid orbital debris .
But collisions do happen , and they make matters worse , scattering fresh plumes of debris into orbit .
On Feb. 11 this year , a U.S. communications satellite owned by the private company Iridium collided with a non-functioning Russian satellite .
The collision destroyed both satellites and created a field of debris that endangers other orbiting satellites , NASA states .
The risk is well recognized by the agency .
" The threat posed by orbital debris to the reliable operation of space systems will continue to grow unless the sources of space debris are brought under control , " NASA 's chief orbital debris scientist Nicholas Johnson told the House Space and Aeronautics Subcommittee in Washington , D.C. in April .
In 1661 , Adam Schall , a Jesuit missionary from Germany and astronomer at the Chinese imperial court , fell victim to jealous mandarins , and was sentenced to death for teaching false astronomy and a superstitious faith .
He was only just saved from being strangled , when a sudden thunderstorm convinced his judges that nature had spoken against their verdict .
Father Schall died soon after .
But the defensiveness of the mandarins , who saw his foreign ideas as a threat to their status , would be a recurring theme in Chinese relations with the outside world .
So , ...
Scientists say a number of factors may be responsible for the decline Eel populations in the River Thames have fallen by 98 % in just five years , scientists have said .
The numbers of eels - which have been a traditional east London dish for centuries - fell from 1,500 in 2005 to just 50 last year .
Conservationists fear this could have a knock - on effect for other species in the river 's ecosystem .
The Zoological Society of London records the numbers by capturing eels in traps before releasing them .
They are thought to take up to three years migrating as larvae from the Sargasso Sea to European rivers , where they spend up to 20 years before making the 4,000 mile ( 6,500 km ) return journey across the Atlantic to spawn and die .
Mysterious creatures Conservationists are concerned the species is not returning to the Thames , or is facing problems in the river and its tributaries .
European eels and flounders were the first species to recolonise the Thames Estuary after being considered " biologically dead " in the 1960s .
Dr Matthew Gollock , tidal Thames conservation project manager at ZSL , said : " Eels are mysterious creatures at the best of times but we are very concerned about the rapid disappearance in the Thames .
" It is difficult to say what is going on - it could be due to a number of potential factors including changes in oceanic currents due to climate change , man -made structures such as dams and the presence of certain diseases and parasites . "
Time appears to be running out for eels in the River Thames and this could have a domino effect on other species in the Thames
ZSL's Dr Matthew Gollock
Boxer gives up jellied eels
And he said there was a need to find out why the declines were happening , in order to save the eels and help other species in the estuary 's food web which would be affected by their disappearance , such as birds which feed on it .
" Time appears to be running out for eels in the River Thames and this could have a domino effect on other species in the Thames , " Dr Gollock added .
Jellied eels have been eaten since the 18th century , most famously in the east end of London .
The dish , served in Pie and Mash shops , is made up of chopped eels , boiled in a spiced stock that is allowed to cool and set , forming a jelly and can be eaten hot or cold .
Most eels used in Pie and Mash shops now come from Holland or Northern Ireland .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You step through scarlet curtains into a dining room lit gently with candles and decorated with black and white photographs .
Attentive waiting staff serve delicious South American dishes to a groovy young clientele .
But this is no ordinary top - end eatery .
It is a " rebel restaurant " run by an anarchist collective that opened in a squatted building in Bristol last night and will continue to welcome guests until Saturday before vanishing into the ether .
The idea is to challenge the normal restaurant model of charging as much as possible for as little as you can get away with and paying staff next to nothing .
Here the collective – professional and amateur chefs , waiters , bar tenders – have come together to briefly run the best restaurant they can for the love of it , begging and borrowing everything from cutlery and pots and pans to chairs and tables .
It 's a not - for - profit venture – at the end of every meal guests pay what they think the meal was worth , no more , and profits are ploughed back into the project .
And it is working .
The restaurant is just about the hottest ticket in Bristol .
As word spread , it was booked out before the group could send its flyers out .
The collective has asked the Guardian not to reveal the location or the name of the restaurant – not because they are worried about the authorities , but because they fear they could be over - run by would - be customers .
" I was shocked by the response , " says Lady Hop – not her real name – who is one of the front - of - house staff .
" It really seems to have caught people 's imagination .
The idea is to work collectively and see what you can create in four nights . "
The rebel restaurant is hidden behind a bright door in an old red brick building .
Knock hard and a benevolent bouncer in a bomber jacket emblazoned with " anti capitalista " on the back opens up .
A maitre d' ( that probably is n't the term an anarchist collective would use ) greets guests and shows them into the lounge , where – and this is probably the biggest shock – smoking is allowed .
Up one flight of a grand staircase decorated with pieces of modern art is the dining room .
The power lead wrapped discreetly around the balusters is a big clue that this is no conventional restaurant .
On the top floor a team of Colombian chefs is cooking soups , fish stew and bandeja paisa in a makeshift kitchen .
There is no Gordon Ramsay figure in charge here .
The maitre d' explains the structure .
" Kitchens and the service industry are very hierarchical set ups .
The classic image is of the head chef barking orders .
" We organise horizontally , there 's no leaders amongst us .
A misconception about anarchism is that there 's no leaders .
I think it 's more about everyone taking a lead in doing certain stuff .
This is a shared dream of many people . "
The chefs change every night and a new menu is created from scratch .
In the dining room , some of the guests have gone to just as much trouble to make this a special night out .
One sports a top hat , white bow tie and tailcoat .
Another has opted for a green felt hat cheered up with plastic charity - shop flowers .
Juan says : " This feels like something unique .
There 's a philosophy behind it .
It 's done for the love of it .
When you go to any place with that kind of approach you feel warmer , there 's a bond .
Everyone is giving the best of themselves . "
Shonette says it is a good night for her because it comes just before pay day .
" I think a lot of people pay over the odds at restaurants .
You should n't have to pay 40 quid just to enjoy sustenance . "
Back downstairs , Lady Hop says that the group hopes to repeat the exercise somewhere else soon .
" This is a testing ground , an experiment .
We 'll see how it goes .
If it 's a success we could do it again in a few months ' time .
" Each building has a different character , each time of year is different , it 's nice not to be constrained to open all the time . "
And she 's off to meet and greet the next batch of guests who , for one night at least , have been tempted away from the chain pizzerias and gastropubs .
Thursday 's menu ( it changes every night )
Starters :
Potato , spring onion , coriander and lemon soup
Lentil and tomato soup sweetened with parsnip and squash served with side salad
Mains
Fish stew , spiced with paprika , cumin , coriander , tomato
Bandeja paisa - parsley rice with fried plantain , red beans , a mince alternative , salad and avocado
Dessert
Natilla , a custard - like pudding
Lupardo Quote : Originally Posted by Na ja sry aber jeder normale Mensch müsste am 4 Januar sowieso wieder arbeiten gehen , hängt halt von den Arbeitszeiten der leute ab , aber der größteil hat ja geregelte Arbeitszeiten .
09.00 Uhr bis 17.00 überhaupt kein problem find ich man kommt sowieso
15 - 16 Uhr je nachdem wie der verkehr ist nach hause dann wartet man halt noch eine Stunde und dann kann man ja spielen .
Wär jetzt noch Urlaub hat ( Was ich mir kaum vorstellen kann^^ ) trifft es natürlich hart .
Na ja und an die arbeitslosen die schon um 09.00 Uhr zocken wollen pech gehabt .
Arbeitslose ( ich meine damit Gammler , nicht die , die wirklich aus irgendeinem Grund nichts finden ) beschweren sich am wenigsten über solche Zeiten , da diese einfach bis um 9
Uhr zocken und dann erst schlafen gehen .
Die sind da flexibel
Fakt ist halt , das Nachts weitaus weniger Leute spielen wie tagsüber .
Hat ja seinen Grund , wieso die Zeiten in den USA Nachts liegen .
Währen die europäischen Zeiten so human , dann würden auch in den USA die Server von 9 bis 17 Uhr gewartet , weil das ja die Zeit ist , in der am wenigsten Leute spielen aller Anschein nach .
Ich denke einfach mal , das es dort aktuell nur eine handvoll Techniker gibt die keinen Bock auf nen 24 Stunden Tag haben , was ich auch verstehen kann .
Bleibt nur zu hoffen das BW mal bisschen in neue Mitarbeiter investiert und gut ist .
... und die Studenten , Schüler , Hauffrauen , Hausmänner , die regulären Urlaub haben usw usw .
Arbeitslose ( ich meine damit Gammler , nicht die , die wirklich aus irgendeinem Grund nichts finden ) beschweren sich am wenigsten über solche Zeiten , da diese einfach bis um 9
Uhr zocken und dann erst schlafen gehen .
Die sind da flexibel
Fakt ist halt , das Nachts weitaus weniger Leute spielen wie tagsüber .
Hat ja seinen Grund , wieso die Zeiten in den USA Nachts liegen .
Währen die europäischen Zeiten so human , dann würden auch in den USA die Server von 9 bis 17 Uhr gewartet , weil das ja die Zeit ist , in der am wenigsten Leute spielen aller Anschein nach .
Ich denke einfach mal , das es dort aktuell nur eine handvoll Techniker gibt die keinen Bock auf nen 24 Stunden Tag haben , was ich auch verstehen kann .
Bleibt nur zu hoffen das BW mal bisschen in neue Mitarbeiter investiert und gut ist .
Pictured :
The incredible light graffiti created as a host of lamps are shone straight at the camera lens
Advertisement
The name light graffiti struggles to do these displays justice .
The fantastic spectacles of colour - which are the latest trend in street art - are as impressive as fireworks .
A host of light sources , from flash lights and bike lights to blinking LED lights , are used to ' paint ' a picture straight onto the camera lens .
Also known as light drawing or light painting , these arresting images are created with long exposure cameras in the dark .
Sometimes the exposures run on for longer than an hour .
Tripping the light fantastic : Light Art Performance Photography images were born by shining a host of lights onto the camera lens
Creating the light ' picture ' also needs a slow shutter speed , often longer than a second , and a tripod to keep the camera steady .
These images are made by Jan Wöllert and Jörg Miedza , the brains behind Light Art Performance Photography .
The pair from Bremen , Germany , have been working together since 2007 but neither are full - time photographers .
Jan is a PA while Jorg is an office - based worker .
For more information visit their website Another world :
An LAPP image is one single photo that are never manipulated by computer enhancement LAPP - PRO specialises in single - shot , long - exposure images manipulated with movement of light .
They use d a 21.1 megapixel Canon EOS 5D Mark II camera to capture these high - resolution images .
Each of these spectacular pictures is one single photo that has not undergone any computer enhancement .
Feast your eyes on LAPP - PRO 's mind - blowing work ...
Aborigines to Ask Prince William for Missing Historical Head
The Aborigines of Australia stated Friday , January 15 , that they will ask Prince William of Wales for help in finding and returning the head of an indigenous warrior when he visits Sydney next week .
The British prince , aged 27 , will be visiting the country after his stint in New Zealand .
It will be his first visit in the country since he was a baby in 1983 when he accompanied his parents , the Prince of Wales , Prince Charles and Princess of Wales , Princess Diana .
The second - in - line to the British throne will be representing his grandmother , Queen Elizabeth II , when he meets the leaders of the indigenous people Tuesday , January 19 .
The name of the warrior whose head is missing is Pemulwuy .
He was born in 1750 and has opposed the British settlement .
He was shot in 1802 and his head was cut , put into a jar and sent to England .
It was never seen since then .
The Aborigines greatly respect the remains of their ancestors , that ’s why getting the head is important to them .
This is the third news about the prince for this month , the first two are his earning of his Royal Air Force pilot wings and the release of his first oil painting with brother Prince Henry of Wales ( painting pictured ) .
Our attorneys and staff are completely committed to living up to our four credos of thorough preparation , hard work , vigorous advocacy , and client service .
In every case , they take those values to heart , striving with determination to achieve the client 's goals .
You can depend on Scaringi Law , for skillful advocacy , compassionate counsel and responsive service .
Contact a Lawyer
To schedule a free consultation about your legal matter , contact Scaringi Law .
We have offices in Harrisburg , Newport , Carlisle , York , Lancaster , and Gettysburg to serve you .
View All Videos
Website for ' beautiful people ' throws out 5,000 members for gaining weight over Christmas
A social networking site for ' beautiful people ' has axed 5,000 of it 's members for piling on the pounds over Christmas .
BeautifulPeople.com , which boasts 550,000 users worldwide and has a strict ban on ' ugly people ' , said it acted after vigilant members noticed ' fatties roaming the site ' .
Most of those expelled came from the UK , US and Canada , and had somewhat foolishly uploaded photos revealing they had ' let themselves go ' over Christmas and the New Year .
Skin deep : Website BeautfiulPeople.com was hit by an ugly virus
Robert Hintze , the site 's founder , said : ' We mourn the loss of any member .
But our users demand the high standard of beauty be upheld .
' Letting fatties roam the site is a direct threat to our business . '
Almost 900 members from the UK were thrown out and told to re-apply once they had lost weight .
Managing director Greg Hodge said : ' We responded to complaints by moving the newly chubby members back to the rating stage .
This is the same as having them re-apply .
' Their re-applications were reviewed by existing members and only a few hundred were voted back in .
Over 5,000 were rejected .'
The social networking site allows its members to decide on who should be allowed to join .
Admission to the site is only allowed after accepted members vote on a photograph of the applicant and a brief profile .
No way :
The website excluded people for being overweight and told them to re-apply after shedding some pounds
Members of the opposite sex vote ' Yes definitely ' , ' Hmm yes , O.K ' , ' Hmm no , not really ' and ' NO Definitely NOT ' to decide who is allowed into the site .
Mr Hodge said the ' festive fatties ' have become an annual problem : ' Every year we see that some of our members from western cultures eat and drink to excess over the holidays and clearly their looks suffer .
' In the UK and Canada , Christmas and the New Year are all about over - eating , over - drinking and watching TV on the sofa .
' It 's no wonder that so many members have been expelled from the network .
We hope they will be back after shedding the festive pounds . '
In an attempt to soften the blow to those given the boot the website sent details of fitness centres where they can lose weight .
Mr Hodge said they had already received many new applications to join the site , with the majority of applicants from Brazil .
Fox 's Brit Hume has taken some heat since advising Tiger Woods yesterday to embrace Christianity as a way to cope with his problems , while knocking another religion in the process .
" He 's said to be a Buddhist , " Hume said on Fox News Sunday .
" I do n't think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith .
...
Tiger , turn to the Christian faith , and you can make a total recovery . "
On Monday night 's " Factor , " Bill O'Reilly asked Hume a good question : " Was that proselytizing ? "
" I do n't think so , " Hume said , before reiterating his comments from Sunday that Woods should convert to Christianity .
Hume said that given Woods problems , he " needs something that Christianity , especially , provides and gives and offers . "
That includes , he said , the chance for " redemption and forgiveness . "
Later in the segment , Hume said : " I think that Jesus Christ offers Tiger Woods something that Tiger Woods badly needs . "
The former Fox anchor takes his Christian faith very seriously , and told me last year that upon leaving the anchor desk on " Special Report , " he'd hope to spend more time in Bible study .
There 's nothing wrong with that , and I do n't think criticism was leveled at Hume over the past 24 hours or so simply for being a Christian , but more for what seemed like a jab at Buddhism .
But apparently , Hume does n't see pushing his own religion on air , while dismissing another , as proselytizing .
So how does Merriam - Webster define the word ?
Let 's see : " to induce someone to convert to one 's faith " or " to recruit someone to join one 's party , institution , or cause . "
I reached out to a Fox spokesperson yesterday regarding Hume 's remarks and have not heard back .
I will update if the network has any further comment .
UPDATE : MSNBC's David Shuster responded Monday night on Twitter : " Brit Hume on Oreilly tonight left no doubt he intended to proselytize with his comments about Tiger Woods .
Truly embarrassing . "
comments closed
permalink
IF A MIRACLE anti-growing old pill does exist , probabilities are that it is available in a shell .
Nuts – and it does n’t count number in case you ’re munching on almonds , walnuts , Brazil nuts , pistachios or peanuts ( which can be technically legumes ) – are proven time and time once more to save you the improvement of chronic sicknesses , promote durability and , in keeping with a new have a look at published within the American journal of medical nutrients , take on inflammation , the single best marker of getting old .
“ Nuts are wealthy in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids , fiber , nutrients and minerals which have a synergistic impact to reduce infection and its results on the frame , ” says observe co-creator Ying Bao , assistant professor of medicine at Harvard clinical school .
Her preceding research , posted inside the New England journal of medication , found that folks who ate nuts seven or more times per week had 20 percentage decrease danger of death on any given day .
Also Check : Saffron Benefits & Buying Guide
Here are six ways nuts permit you to age gracefully and stay the longest , healthiest lifestyles possible : 1 . Have a more healthy coronary heart “ primarily based on our research , the largest benefit of nut intake is in the discount of heart sickness , ” Bao says .
In truth , whilst she and co-workers tracked information on 119,000 ladies and men covering 30 years , individuals who ate a serving of nuts approximately every day had been 29 percent much less probable to die from heart disease .
“ this is mainly critical for older adults , as coronary heart ailment kills greater people than every other disease and getting older is a first - rate threat element for coronary heart disease , ” Bao says .
In keeping with the arena coronary heart Federation , the probability of struggling a stroke doubles each decade after age 55 .
Other than their health - wholesome fatty acids , nuts are rich in plant sterols , fiber and copper , all of that have been linked to reduced ldl cholesterol and blood strain stages , notes Jim White , a registered dietitian and spokesman for the Academy of vitamins and Dietetics .
The yank coronary heart association recommends eating four servings of unsalted nuts in step with week for cardiovascular health .
One serving is 1 .
Five oz , or a handful .
[ See : The 12 Best Diets for Your Heart . ]
2 . Hold Your mind Sharp
You know the inflammation that nuts are so top at fighting ?
Properly , that is essential to preventing cognitive decline and dementia into old age .
For example , research out of Huntington medical studies Institutes indicates that during patients with Alzheimer ’s disease , ranges of infection are higher , in part due to decrease ranges of omega - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids , explains Alfred Fonteh , neuroscience research scientist at HMRI .
Nuts , but , are rich in omega - 3s , and walnuts specially are ripe with docosahexaenoic acid , or DHA , a form of omega - three that is a primary structural compound in the human brain .
“ DHA is the source of molecules that protect neurons , molecules that clear up infection and molecules that help restore loose radical harm of tissues , ” Fonteh says .
“ what ’s more , monounsaturated fatty acids wealthy in nuts additionally manipulate how poisonous proteins are eliminated from the brain . ” “ consequently , a dietary source of omega - three fatty acids and monounsaturated fatty acids from nuts may top off what is misplaced in the brain and decorate the capacity of the brain to dispose of poisonous peptides that could in any other case kill neurons , ” he says .
Living proof :
In a 2015 JAMA inner remedy have a look at of older adults , those who followed a Mediterranean weight - reduction plan supplemented with nuts over the route of six years loved better cognitive feature than folks that ate a Mediterranean food regimen sans nuts .
[ See : 5 Ways to Cope With Mild Cognitive Impairment . ]
Three .
Prevent Age - associated Weight benefit Nuts are rich in each fat and energy .
But studies display they nonetheless assist human beings lose , no longer gain , weight over the years .
For example , in one Harvard faculty of Public health observe , middle - elderly women who noshed on nuts as a minimum two times per week were 27 percent less likely to grow to be obese over the path of the eight - yr study length .
Once more , nuts ’ ability to combat inflammation may play a function in preventing age - related weight advantage .
And while they ’re wealthy in energy , White notes that nuts ’ aggregate of fats , fiber and protein resource in satiety to make weight - control less difficult .
Plus , interestingly enough , your body might not truly absorb all the calories indexed in your almonds ’ nutrients label .
It really is because nuts have a totally big thermic effect – which means that your frame burns many energy chewing and digesting them , he says .
4 . Prevent and manipulate kind 2 Diabetes Similarly to curbing age - associated weight advantage , nuts lower ranges of blood glucose and insulin , to help both save you and manipulate kind 2 diabetes .
At the same time as studies posted in Diabetes Care suggests that regularly eating pistachios improves metabolic health in human beings with prediabetes , Bao ’s studies shows that individuals who consistently devour any form of tree nut can be up to 20 percentage much less in all likelihood to die from diabetes .
To prevent blood sugar and insulin spikes which might be related both with the development of type 2 diabetes in addition to bad diabetes management , nuts are in particular helpful while integrated into high - carb food .
Their combination of fiber , fat and protein slows digestion to show excessive - GI ( glycemic index , a degree of submit - meal blood sugar response ) meals into low - GI ones .
5 . Ease Aching Joints
Nuts are a critical part of a joint - healthful diet , in line with the Arthritis basis , and are mainly beneficial for people managing osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis .
Nuts ’ blessings to your joints might also come down to 2 mechanisms : weight loss and irritation reduction .
“ Musculoskeletal diseases , along with osteoarthritis , are strongly correlated with weight problems , ” says Reema Kanda , a medical dietitian at Hoag Orthopedic Institute in California .
In reality , in those who are overweight , even modest weight loss can ease pressure on joints to help relieve signs .
“ what ’s extra , stopping immoderate in inflammation can prevent degeneration of joints and help restore , ” Fonteh says .
He notes that in humans with joint disease and arthritis , levels of inflammatory enzymes are markedly higher .
In the end , the most apparent sign of irritation is swelling , and arthritis sufferers are used to seeing – and feeling – joint irritation .
6 . Avert most cancers
Age is the primary risk element within the improvement of most cancers , in accordance to investigate published in present day Biology .
And whilst nuts can’t preserve the years from passing , they may be able to lessen biological markers of ageing and decrease the hazard of growing most cancers .
At the same time as little studies exists on the topic of nut consumption and cancer prevention , a promising examine in most cancers Epidemiology , Biomarkers & Prevention determined t
A man changes course midlife , comes out , begins again , remains the same , learns to live a new life , holds on to the old life , things happen , he writes about them .
These are the stories of the man who jumped off a cliff , stories from the wonderful , confusing , liberating , contradictory world he discovered upon landing .
Comments are welcomed !
Slim society ’s tolerance is wearing thin .
As more people over the last decade have tipped the scales toward obesity , normal weight folks have signed up for employee wellness programs that offer them lower premiums and other financial perks as a reward for their healthy weight -- and that indirectly penalize heavier workers .
They ’ve crafted policies , most unsuccessful , to compel individuals to lose weight .
They ’ve become vocal , sometimes vehemently so , in their support for “ sin taxes ” on junk food and soda .
And they ’ve increasingly attacked , with words or actions , the overweight and obese .
All the while , public service campaigns offer a steady drumbeat of vague lose - weight , get - healthy messages .
“ Americans as a society are getting fed up with the matter of obesity .
No doubt about it , ” said Douglas Metz , chief of health services for American Specialty Health , a San Diego - based company that offers wellness programs to employers .
“ Some pockets of society are taking positive action , and unfortunately others are taking negative action .
That ’s what happens when a society has n’t figured out what the fix is . ”
Among those actions :
* A recent and ultimately unsuccessful plan at Lincoln University in Pennsylvania sought to take the body mass index of every enrolling student and require the obese to lose weight or take a fitness class before they could graduate .
* In Mississippi , legislators tried to pass a bill to let restaurants prohibit obese people from dining .
* In an interview with the New York Times last August , Toby Cosgrove , chief executive of the Cleveland Clinic , one of the nation ’s largest medical centers , provoked national outrage when he said that , if it were up to him , he would stop hiring the obese .
He later apologized for his remarks .
* Last summer in Florida , animal rights activists at People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) took aim at heavy women in a “ Save the whales ” billboard campaign that featured an overweight , bikini - clad woman .
It read : “ Lose the blubber .
Go vegetarian . ”
Angry reactions caused the organization to remove the signs .
Most efforts have ultimately met a quick demise or retraction , but not before leaving an impact .
Employers and legislators are now getting in on the force - others - to - change bandwagon .
And the 31 - year - old National Assn. to Advance Fat Acceptance has seen its membership increase 20 % each year for the last five years , according to co-chairman Jason Docherty .
Michael Kellner , a trim , 37 - year - old public relations professional who lives in San Francisco , is among the disgusted : “ I am completely and utterly frustrated with rising healthcare costs due to the deluge of fat Americans taxing the healthcare system .
I ’m in shape and have been all my life because I do n’t soothe myself with food all day . ”
He ’s not alone in his opinion .
Los Angeles actor Jim Dailakis feels most frustrated with the fat issue when he travels .
“ I understand some people have issues that are uncontrollable .
However , why is it that if I say anything about being stuck between two huge people on an airplane , I ’m being politically incorrect ?
I work out religiously , watch what I eat and am very healthy .
Yes , I ’m fed up with it . ”
Obesity cost
Frequent media reports of the toll obesity is taking on our nation ’s health fan the fury .
A report by Emory University researchers projected last November that by 2018 the United States could expect to spend $ 344 billion on healthcare costs attributable to obesity .
Obesity - related costs would account for 21 % of healthcare spending , up from 9.1 % today , said the report , sponsored in part by the United Health Foundation and the American Public Health Assn .
“ If we as a nation do n’t get any fatter , then excess weight would cost the nation $ 198 billion in 2018 , ” said Kenneth Thorpe , professor of health policy at Emory and the report ’s lead author .
“ Obesity is a leading driver in rising healthcare costs .
Between 1990 and today , obesity rates have doubled , and obesity now accounts for one - third of the increase in our nation ’s healthcare costs . ”
The forecast is frightening , agreed Dr. Reed Tuckson , chief of medical affairs for the UnitedHealth Group .
“ It portends a tsunami of preventable chronic illness , and it ’s overwhelming from an economic point of view . ”
Obesity is linked to heart disease , stroke , cancer , respiratory disease , diabetes , hypertension , asthma , sleep apnea , arthritis , degenerative joint disease , gastric reflux and depression .
But sociologists believe more lies behind the anger than concern over healthcare costs .
“ In our society , being heavy has become more of a stigma lately because we ’re struggling with other issues of consumption , ” says Abigail Saguy , associate professor of sociology at UCLA .
The economic climate , a recent history of people buying more than they can afford as well as environmental issues , including the depletion of our planet ’s resources , are making people feel more angry about society ’s overconsumption , she says .
Obviously overweight people are an easy target .
“ They ’re almost a caricature of greed , overconsumption , overspending , over - leveraging and overusing resources , ” says Saguy .
“ Though it ’s not entirely rational , it ’s an understandable reaction , especially in a country founded on the Puritan ethics of self - reliance , sacrifice and individual responsibility .
If people feel they ’re sacrificing , then see someone spilling over an airplane seat , they feel angry that that person is not making the same sacrifices they are . ”
Rebecca Puhl , a researcher at Yale University ’s Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity , has quantified the rise in fat bias .
In two papers published last January -- one in the journal Obesity , the other in the International Journal of Obesity -- Puhl reported that weight discrimination in the United States increased 66 % over the prior decade .
The study compared two national random surveys of adults ages 35 to 74 , the first of 1,826 adults taken from 1995 to 1996 , and the second of 1,136 adults taken from 2004 to 2006 .
The survey asked participants to report occurrences of discrimination they ’d experienced and what they perceived as the cause of the discrimination , including age , gender , race , sexual orientation , religion , disability , height or weight .
“ Weight discrimination is highly prevalent in American society and increasing , ” said Puhl , who cites several possible reasons .
Among them are a lack of legislation to prohibit weight discrimination and an increase in media coverage of obesity ( up fivefold from 1992 to 2003 ) .
Most media framed the problem of obesity as one of personal responsibility , she reported .
Employees react
The constant nudges might be having an effect , albeit a small one .
Data released in January from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention showed that the percentage of Americans who are overweight or obese has leveled off .
But a sea change is unlikely ; 68 % of Americans remain overweight , and 33.8 % are actually obese .
Bill Clayton of San Bernardino is one who responded to workplace pressure .
Though no one at work said anything to him directly , the formerly 320 - pound manager felt he’d hit what he called the fat ceiling .
“ I knew I was being passed over for jobs because of my weight .
I was n’t going to get promoted looking the way I looked .
I got the clear impression that it was n’t acceptable to be overweight anymore . ”
In March 2007 , Clayton , then age 55 , learned from his doctor that he was going to need blood pressure medicine unless he lost weight .
He ’d had some prior success with Weight Watchers , so he went back on the program and lost 35 pounds .
Then he hit a plateau .
“ I was still 100 pounds over my target weight of 185 , and I was stuck , ” said Clayton , a safety manager for the Southern California Schools Employee Benefits Assn .
In September 2007 , he saw a poster at work promoting Healthy Roads , a new offering in the company ’s health and benefits program .
“ I figured , what could it hurt ? ”
He signed on and got a health coach , who checked in with him regularly and held him to a diet and exercise regimen .
Over the next two years he lost 90 pounds .
Today he weighs 195 , runs five miles three days a week , does strength training and encourages others to lose weight .
“ I have a before picture of me in my office , and people ca n’t believe it ’s the same person .
I tell my co-workers all the time , ‘ Look , it ’s in your benefits .
It ’s free for you .
Why would n’t you use it ? ’ ”
If public health officials , employers and still - slim Americans channel their concerns properly , it will have a positive effect , health experts say .
“ There ’s no better example of what happens when public health takes on an issue than what we ’ve seen happen with tobacco over the past 10 years , ” Tuckson said .
Metz has a similar view .
“ Not long ago , the thought of not allowing people in a building to smoke was n’t realistic ; now it ’s common , ” he said .
“ Similarly , in some schools the thought of banning sugary drinks and junk food seems completely unrealistic , but that will change too .
The changes will meet resistance , but over time , healthy ideas will gain acceptance . ”
health@latimes.com
By David Ignatius - January 3 , 2010
The U.S. economy survived the traumas of 2009 , thanks to good policy and good luck .
What worries me , looking ahead , is what might be called the " Californiazation " of America -- the growing tendency of our political system to make promises in social spending programs that it is n't prepared to pay for with tax increases .
America 's other economic problems seem solvable :
The economy is returning to normal growth , even though consumers are sensibly saving a greater proportion of their incomes ; the global economy is becoming more balanced , with China contemplating an upward adjustment in the value of its currency ; and the Federal Reserve is managing the transition from a crisis policy of free money to a tightening that 's likely to begin later this year .
Unemployment remains stubbornly high at 10 percent as of November -- which is roughly 1.5 percentage points above what government economists expected -- but the White House hopes this is a temporary deviation .
To encourage quicker job growth , the Obama administration is likely to ask Congress for another dose of stimulus , perhaps $ 50 billion more in spending for infrastructure .
After the huge bank bailouts , who 's going to quibble over that ?
What 's worrisome this year is n't economic decline but political dysfunction .
And nowhere is that clearer than in California , where politicians -- despite some serious bipartisan efforts -- have n't been able to make the decisions that would put the state on a sound financial footing .
The political forces that generate deficits are just too strong : a Democratic Party in hock to public - employee unions and a Republican Party in love with tax cuts .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger labored mightily in 2009 to close a $ 60 billion budget deficit , hammering out a plan that included $ 32 billion in spending cuts and $ 12.5 billion in temporary tax increases .
But at year 's end , Schwarzenegger was still looking at a combined $ 21 billion deficit for the current and coming fiscal years , and he was pleading for an $ 8 billion federal bailout .
A Bay Area news site last week featured this telling headline : " Schwarzenegger 's New Action Role : Beggar . "
" The problem is that there are no easy solutions left , " lamented Jean Ross , director of the California Budget Project , in a comment to Bloomberg News .
Schwarzenegger is talking about a new round of budget cuts , but what he really wants is a federal rescue .
I can't help thinking of California as the new AIG -- spending money extravagantly on the way up and then extending the tin cup to Washington when the bubble bursts .
California is hardly alone in its fiscal difficulties .
Most states are still recovering from the effects of the recession .
But even more , they suffer from a chronic inability to resist the impulse to spend big and tax small .
There 's Wisconsin , for example , which finished 2009 with a $ 2.7 billion deficit despite a technical requirement that the state balance its budget .
Wisconsin 's budget shortfalls have grown every year but one since 1999 , and its deficit per capita is four times that of California , according to an article last week by Todd Berry , a budget expert based in Madison .
What many state governments want is a federal bailout , which would free them of the consequences of overspending .
It 's a classic case of what economists call " moral hazard " -- in that the bailouts would allow the irresponsible behavior to continue , rather than force a halt .
One prominent economist argues that if the states were countries , the International Monetary Fund would grant relief only if it came with conditions that imposed fiscal discipline .
So will Washington become like California ?
Some would argue that has already happened , with the fiscal disaster masked by the federal government 's ability to sell its massive debt cheaply and print money to pay its bills .
And you see in Washington the same dysfunctional political process that 's at work at the state level -- Democrats who get elected by delivering services and Republicans who get elected by delivering tax cuts .
The test case this year for Californiazation will be the health - care bill .
Democrats ' desire to provide universal access to care is right , but the country has to pay for it .
Indeed , we have to lower the cost of delivering health care so that paying this bill wo n't be a crushing economic burden .
We should judge President Obama and Congress this year on whether they 're paying for the promises they make -- and providing real reform that cuts costs , rather than another political goody bag .
Why the French obsession with the burqa ?
After all , as the French government itself has conceded , only about 1,900 women wear the full - body covering .
So why are over half of the respondents in recent public opinion polls in favor of a ban on it ?
The answer is simple .
This is not about a fashion faux pas or women ’s rights , but about sending a message to Muslims .
Concerned with increasingly visible numbers of Muslims openly practicing their way of life while enjoying the privileges of life in the West , French citizens and politicians alike feel that they need to restore “ Frenchness ” to their streets .
What exactly they mean by this is unclear , but there is apparently agreement that it means a largely homogenous society or , at the least , a multicultural one with well - integrated foreigners .
Whether such a society is desirable or not , the burqa ban is not the way to get there .
This confusion is at the root of the French parliamentary commission ’s decision to recommend a partial ban on burqas .
It would ban burqas in hospitals , schools , government offices and on public transport .
Women defying the ban would be denied public services .
Are Women Being Taken for a Ride ?
According to sociologist Pepper Schwartz they are — as car passengers .
Schwartz reports that even in households that consider themselves feminist , men are far more likely to take the keys when the couple rides together .
Does the evidence back her up ?
I ’ve been working with the American Time Use Survey , a great data set collected by the Department of Labor .
The ATUS is chock - full of fun facts ; for example , American adults report spending more than two - and - one - third times more time at gambling establishments than at museums .
The ATUS shows that women do indeed spend a disproportionate share of their in - car time as passengers — 29 percent .
This is more than twice the share of men , who only spend 14 percent as passengers .
This certainly suggests that when men and women ride together , men are behind the wheel .
Might issues other than gender per se be responsible for the gap ?
We can sort this out with more precision using regression , a technique that allows us to untangle the factors that we believe are causing a particular outcome .
The numbers show that , roughly speaking , and holding other demographic factors ( including , importantly , income ) constant , the share of in - vehicle time we spend as passengers drops until about age 41 .
From that point on , we increasingly let others do the driving .
Those who work more hours tend to drive more and ride shotgun less .
This jibes with the state of our knowledge ; carpooling to work is ( disappointingly ) rare .
The large majority of multi-occupant car journeys are “ fampools ” unrelated to work travel .
Not surprisingly , people are more likely to travel as passengers when there are more adults in the household .
This makes intuitive sense ; single people can be expected to do most of their travel alone and behind the wheel , while families can split up the driving duties .
Upper - income people tend to spend relatively less time as passengers .
It ’s likely that the major cause is that wealthier households are more likely to have more than one car , so household members do n’t have to share as much .
Even controlling for income , minorities , particularly Hispanics , are disproportionately likely to spend time as passengers .
This is consistent with findings by my UCLA colleagues Evelyn Blumenberg and Michael Smart , which show that immigrants , and especially Hispanics , have a high rate of carpooling .
( More on their findings on immigrants and travel another time . )
And men vs. women ?
The regression model pretty much confirms what we saw from the simple averages .
Even holding other things constant , men are much more likely than women to drive rather than ride as passengers .
The main revelation is that some of the gap between men and women is explained by the fact that men tend to work more hours , which in turn causes them to spend more of their in - car time driving .
But this is only a small part of things : the rest of the gap is a black box , a result of the deceptively simple set of factors that go into the construct of gender .
Is the ATUS telling us the real story ?
The 2001 National Household Transportation Survey says it is .
It showed that , on a typical day , when household members shared a car men were more than three times more likely to be the driver as opposed to a passenger .
For women it was the reverse ; when traveling with household members , women were about twice as likely to be a passenger as opposed to a driver .
Why do men dominate the wheel ?
In the past , physical factors were important .
My grandmother learned to drive only after the introduction of automatic transmission and power steering , which made the task much less physically demanding .
But driving today ’s cars requires little strength .
In addition , our roads are engineered to be quite forgiving , for example with very long reaction times permitted by the system .
What else might be responsible ?
Cultural factors ?
Social ones ?
Psychological differences ?
Logistics ?
Animal instinct ?
Historical inertia ?
Furthermore , is this state of affairs due to men ’s preferences , women ’s , or both ?
And should we care ?
These are n’t rhetorical questions ; I ’d love to hear your thoughts .
Please post them if you have a chance .
And do n’t worry , thanks to the miracle of the anonymous comment board , you can vent about the driving habits of your spouse and he or she will never be any the wiser .
WASHINGTON 
In truth , it was a dog - bites - woman story when we learned Sarah Palin would be joining Fox News .
Where else would a conservative with a best - seller , notoriety and big ambitions land ?
MSNBC , where she is regularly lampooned ?
CNN , which likes its partisans with a '90s tint ?
Yet Palin 's move to the conservative network says much about the merger of media , politics and popular culture .
It also says something about media history , too .
For all that conservatives lambast the " mainstream media , " Palin 's new job continues a half - century trend of conservative dominance of broadcast opinion .
ARCHIVE : Previous columns from Chuck Raasch Lately , liberals have largely shaped the political discourse of the Internet .
But ever since Ronald Reagan used his 1960s gig as host of television 's " GE Theater " to reshape his image in prime time , conservatives have gotten the best of talk television and talk radio .
Over more than 20 years at the microphone , Rush Limbaugh has never had close to an equal on the center or left .
Fox , which has some of the highest - rated political talk shows on cable , now has two potential Republican presidential aspirants in 2012 on its payroll .
Mike Huckabee , the former governor of Arkansas , hosts a Saturday night show that mixes politics , music and popular culture in a folksy , Jim Nabors - goes - to - Washington way .
Huckabee likes it so much , he says , he may not run for president again .
It 's a lot better asking the questions than answering them .
And that begs a serious question :
What 's more attractive for a conservative politician who wants to make a difference – the considerable megaphone of Fox , or the down - and - dirty , 24 - hour - a - day scrap to get and hold the world 's hardest job ?
" For Palin , Fox News could be the steppingstone for national politics , or her brief flirtation with national politics could have been a steppingstone for Fox News , " said Matthew Kerbel , an expert in political communications at Villanova University .
" Either way , it is an interesting commentary on the merger of popular culture and politics . "
Kerbel is author of " Netroots : Online Progressives and the Transformation of American Politics . "
He said that while left - leaning communicators have helped drive the Internet into a powerful political force , conservatives continue to reap benefits from longer - term investment and focus on more traditional talk radio and TV .
" They have done it deliberately , with a lot of funding and concerted effort over a long period of time , " Kerbel said .
Barack Obama won the presidency after organizing and capturing the most significant Internet movement yet .
Kerbel said left - leaning bloggers and others largely fell into the power of the new medium , and that they found its back - and - forth immediacy amenable to a decentralized , and constant , debate over progressive politics .
Conservatives , he said , have made inroads but have been more likely to use Internet blogs to augment more traditional mediums .
The difference goes back to 1930s comedian Will Rogers ' joke that he belonged to no organized political party , that he was a Democrat .
As a general rule , Democrats are more inclined to revel in the roiling .
And so for the left in this country , the Internet has become a comfortable free - for - all zone , with its multitudes of bloggers , commentators and news karaoke artists swirling around fresh liberal fixtures like Daily Kos and Huffington Post .
Palin's new gig has been a hot topic on these blogs .
Now she has the microphone to fire back .
Chuck Raasch writes from Washington for Gannett .
Contact him at craasch@gannett.com , follow him at http://twitter.com/craasch or join in the conversation at http://www.facebook.com/raaschcolumn
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The judges concluded that the wolf was probably a trained model
The winner of the Wildlife Photographer of the Year award has been disqualified after judges ruled that the featured wolf was probably a " model " .
The 2009 winning image , dubbed the storybook wolf , was taken by photographer Jose Luis Rodriguez .
Mr Rodriguez strongly denied that the wolf was a trained animal , according to a statement from the organisers .
His photograph was chosen out of more than 43,000 competition entries in October 2009 .
Louise Emerson from the Wildlife Photographer of the Year competition office explained that the judging panel had been " reconvened " and had concluded that it was likely that the wolf featured in the image was an animal model that could be " hired for photographic purposes " .
This , she said , was in breach of the competition rules which are made available to all entrants .
" The judging panel looked at a range of evidence and took specialist advice from panel judges who have extensive experience of photographing wildlife including wolves , " continued Ms Emerson .
" They also considered the responses to specific questions put to the photographer . "
Wildlife photographer Mark Carwardine was one of the competition judges .
He told BBC News that this was the first time in its 46 year history that there would not be a winner .
Mr Carwardine explained that he and his fellow judges had gathered evidence and sought the opinions of wolf experts in order to reach their decision .
The experts compared the winning picture to pictures of Ossian , a tame wolf that lives at a zoological park near Madrid called Canada Real .
" You can see several very distinctive markings and the experts all agreed that , yes , it 's the same wolf , " said Mr Carwardine .
" We disqualified [ Mr Rodriguez ] and banned him for life from entering the competition again , so I think that sends a strong message .
"
Mr Carwardine added that Mr Rodruiguez had , throughout the investigation , denied " hiring " Ossian for the photograph .
The disqualified photographer maintains that his subject was a wild wolf .
Mr Rodriguez was not immediately available for comment .
" This is very sad and I think it might make us more suspicious of entries that are too good to be true , " said Mr Carwardine .
But he added that he hoped it would encourage honesty in the competition in the future .
The disqualified photograph will be removed from the Wildlife Photographer of the Year exhibition , which is being held at the Natural History Museum in London .
The exhibition tour will also take place without a winning image .
The annual competition is owned by the Natural History Museum and BBC Wildlife Magazine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here 's a bit of nostalgia for all of you Marvel fans out there .
You may or may not remember the Marvel Swimsuit issue that they used to put out annually in the early 90 's ( 91-95 ) .
The first was titled Marvel Illustrated : The Swimsuit Issue , but subsequent issues were called Marvel Swimsuit Specials ( most likely to avoid a lawsuit from Sports Illustrated ) .
The magazine - sized specials featured pin-ups and tongue - in - cheek articles .
They also featured hilarious advertisements with Marvel Characters as spokesmen for the fake products !
Below are some of the ads that I came across , that made me chuckle and gave me all sorts of flashbacks .
Check out the ads and let us know what you think !
Source : GiantSizeMarvel
Those with no technical knowledge generally believe that they are anonymous when simply browsing the Web .
Those who know more might recognize that IP addresses can be used to do some rough targeting , while browser cookies can be used to track someone across sessions and across IP addresses .
But what if your browser itself — even with cookies off and IP addresses out of the picture — was leaving a digital fingerprint at every site you visit ?
That possibility lies behind a new experiment from the Electronic Frontier Foundation , something called " Panopticlick . "
( Insert your favorite Bentham / Foucault joke here . )
Panopticlick measures the unique characteristics of your particular browsing setup , logs them , and then tells you just how unique that signature is .
The project has just started , but it has already racked up over 40,000 results .
So far , my own browser fingerprint is totally unique .
Even if I surf with cookies disabled , and even if I move locations to change my IP address , crafty advertising networks can still theoretically know exactly who I am .
Browsers provide all sorts of details to websites that request them .
There 's the well - known " user agent string " that specifies the browser and computing platform being used , of course , but my own user agent string was not particularly unique .
Much more incriminating were the details of my particular browser plugins ( only 1 in 20,830 browsers have an identical plugin load ) and the list of my system fonts ( 1 in 13,886 ) .
Websites can also access data on time zone , screen size , color depth , and more .
Together , the data can be surprisingly unique .
According to the EFF , " Adding your information to our database will help EFF evaluate the capabilities of Internet tracking and advertising companies , who are already using techniques of this sort to record people 's online activities .
They develop these methods in secret , and do n't always tell the world what they 've found .
But this experiment will give us more insight into the privacy risk posed by browser fingerprinting , and help web users to protect themselves . "
e-nsecure.net blog - Comments on IT security and Privacy or the lack thereof .
Rat 's Blog - The Reverend Rat writes about London street life and technology
Duncan Drury - wired adventures in Tanzania & London
Dr. K's blog - Hacker , Author , Musician , Philosopher
David Mery - falsely arrested on the London Tube - you could be next .
James Hammerton
White Rose - a thorn in the side of Big Brother
Big Blunkett
Into The Machine - formerly " David Blunkett is an Arse " by Charlie Williams and Scribe
infinite ideas machine - Phil Booth
Louise Ferguson - City of Bits
Chris Lightfoot
Oblomovka - Danny O'Brien
Liberty Central
dropsafe - Alec Muffett
The Identity Corner - Stefan Brands
Kim Cameron - Microsoft's Identity Architect
Schneier on Security - Bruce Schneier
Politics of Privacy Blog - Andreas Busch
solarider blog
Richard Allan - former Liberal Democrat MP for Sheffield Hallam
Boris Johnson Conservative MP for Henley
Craig Murray - former UK Ambassador to Uzbekistan , " outsourced torture " whistleblower
Howard Rheingold - SmartMobs
Global Guerrillas - John Robb
Roland Piquepaille 's Technology Trends
Vmyths - debunking computer security hype
Nick Leaton - Random Ramblings
The Periscope - Companion weblog to Euro-correspondent.com journalist network .
The Practical Nomad Blog Edward Hasbrouck on Privacy and Travel
Policeman's Blog
World Weary Detective
Martin Stabe
Longrider
B2fxxx - Ray Corrigan
Matt Sellers
Grits for Breakfast - Scott Henson in Texas
The Green Ribbon - Tom Griffin
Guido Fawkes blog - Parliamentary plots , rumours and conspiracy .
The Last Ditch - Tom Paine
Murky.org
The ( e ) State of Tim - Tim Hicks
Ilkley Against CCTV
Tim Worstall
Bill 's Comment Page - Bill Cameron
The Society of Qualified Archivists
The Streeb - Greebling Diaries - Bob Mottram
Your Right To Know - Heather Brooke - Freedom off Information campaigning journalist
Ministry of Truth _ Unity 's V for Vendetta styled blog .
Bloggerheads - Tim Ireland
W. David Stephenson blogs on homeland security et al .
EUrophobia - Nosemonkey
Blogzilla - Ian Brown
BlairWatch - Chronicling the demise of the New Labour Project
dreamfish - Robert Longstaff
Informaticopia - Rod Ward
War -on - Freedom
The Musings of Harry
Chicken Yoghurt - Justin McKeating
The Red Tape Chronicles - Bob Sullivan MSNBC
Campaign Against the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Bill
Stop the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Bill
Rob Wilton 's esoterica
panGloss - Innovation , Technology and the Law
Arch Rights - Action on Rights for Children blog
Database Masterclass - frequently asked questions and answers about the several centralised national databases of children in the UK .
Shaphan
Moving On
Steve Moxon blog - former Home Office whistleblower and author .
Al - Muhajabah's Sundries - anglophile blog
Architectures of Control in Design - Dan Lockton
rabenhorst - Kai Billen ( mostly in German )
Nearly Perfect Privacy - Tiffany and Morpheus
Iain Dale 's Diary - a popular Conservative political blog
Brit Watch - Public Surveillance in the UK - Web - Email - Databases - CCTV - Telephony - RFID - Banking - DNA
BLOGDIAL
MySecured.com - smart mobile phone forensics , information security , computer security and digital forensics by a couple of Australian researchers
Ralph Bendrath
Financial Cryptography - Ian Grigg et al .
UK Liberty - A blog on issues relating to liberty in the UK
Big Brother State - " a small act of resistance " to the " sustained and systematic attack on our personal freedom , privacy and legal system "
HosReport - " Crisis .
Conspiraciones .
Enigmas .
Conflictos .
Espionaje . " - Carlos Eduardo Hos ( in Spanish )
" Give 'em hell Pike ! " - Frank Fisher
Corruption - free Anguilla - Good Governance and Corruption in Public Office Issues in the British Overseas Territory of Anguilla in the West Indies - Don Mitchell CBE QC
geeklawyer - intellectual property , civil liberties and the legal system
PJC Journal - I am not a number , I am a free Man - The Prisoner
Charlie 's Diary - Charlie Stross
The Caucus House - blog of the Chicago International Model United Nations
Famous for 15 Megapixels
Postman Patel
The 4th Bomb : Tavistock Sq Daniel 's 7:7 Revelations - Daniel Obachike
OurKingdom - part of OpenDemocracy - " will discuss Britain ’s nations , institutions , constitution , administration , liberties , justice , peoples and media and their principles , identity and character "
Beau Bo D'Or blog by an increasingly famous digital political cartoonist .
Between Both Worlds - " Thoughts & Ideas that Reflect the Concerns of Our Conscious Evolution " - Kingsley Dennis
Bloggerheads : The Alisher Usmanov Affair - the rich Uzbek businessman and his shyster lawyers Schillings really made a huge counterproductive error in trying to censor the blogs of Tim Ireland , of all people .
Matt Wardman political blog analysis
Henry Porter on Liberty - a leading mainstream media commentator and opinion former who is doing more than most to help preserve our freedom and liberty .
HMRC is shite - " dedicated to the taxpayers of Britain , and the employees of the HMRC , who have to endure the monumental shambles that is Her Majesty 's Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) . "
Head of Legal - Carl Gardner a former legal advisor to the Government
The Landed Underclass - Voice of the Banana Republic of Great Britain
Henrik Alexandersson - Swedish blogger threatened with censorship by the Försvarets Radioanstalt ( FRA ) , the Swedish National Defence Radio Establishement , their equivalent of the UK GCHQ or the US NSA .
World 's First Fascist Democracy - blog with link to a Google map - " This map is an attempt to take a UK wide , geographical view , of both the public and the personal effect of State sponsored fear and distrust as seen through the twisted technological lens of petty officials and would be bureaucrats nationwide . "
Blogoir - Charles Crawford - former UK Ambassodor to Poland etc .
No CCTV - The Campaign against CCTV
Barcode Nation - keeping two eyes on the database state .
Lords of the Blog - group blog by half a dozen or so Peers sitting in the House of Lords .
notes from the ubiquitous surveillance society - blog by Dr. David Murakami Wood , editor of the online academic journal Surveillance and Society
Justin Wylie 's political blog
Panopticon blog - by Timothy Pitt - Payne and Anya Proops .
Timothy Pitt - Payne is probably the leading legal expert on the UK's Freedom of Information Act law , often appearing on behlaf of the Information Commissioner 's Office at the Information Tribunal .
Armed and Dangerous - Sex , software , politics , and firearms .
Life ’s simple pleasures … - by Open Source Software advocate Eric S. Raymond .
Georgetown Security Law Brief - group blog by the Georgetown Law Center on National Security and the Law , at Georgtown University , Washington D.C , USA .
Big Brother Watch - well connected with the mainstream media , this is a campaign blog by the TaxPayersAlliance , which thankfully does not seem to have spawned Yet Another Campaign Organisation as many Civil Liberties groups had feared .
Spy on Moseley - " Sparkbrook , Springfield , Washwood Heath and Bordesley Green .
An MI5 Intelligence - gathering operation to spy on Muslim communities in Birmingham is taking liberties in every sense " - about 150 ANPR CCTV cameras funded by Home Office via the secretive Terrorism and Allied Matters ( TAM ) section of ACPO .
FitWatch blog - keeps an eye on the activities of some of the controversial Police Forward Intelligence Teams , who supposedly only target " known troublemakers " for photo and video surveillance , at otherwise legal , peaceful protests and demonstrations .
Local people clapped and cheered yesterday as hundreds of Africans were moved by police out of a small town in Calabria following clashes in which immigrant farmworkers were shot at , severely beaten and run over .
More than 300 immigrants were loaded on to buses in the riot - torn town of Rosarno , destined for immigrant holding centres .
Meanwhile , an immigrant was shot from a moving car with a pellet rifle , bringing to five the number who have been shot .
The first shooting , last Thursday , provoked a violent protest march by Africans through Rosarno , which left 66 injured .
A second immigrant was beaten with metal bars yesterday despite a heavy police presence in and around Rosarno .
" There is a very serious security problem here and many immigrants working on local farms are scared and just want to get out , even though many have not been paid , " said Laura Boldrini , a UN official , after touring some of the disused factories in which immigrants sleep after returning from poorly paid shifts in nearby fields .
" My fear is that the government will use this opportunity to expel those who do not have permits to stay in Italy , " said Jean - Léonard Touadi , Italy 's only black MP .
Reportshave emerged of mafia involvement in a vigilante - style response by locals to the immigrants ' protest , including setting up a roadblock and hunting down stray Africans in the streets of Rosarno .
Among the Italians arrested was Antonio Bellocco , 29 , who is related to members of the feared Bellocco clan , which controls the area in which the fruit farms are situated , the newspaper La Repubblica reported .
A year ago , two immigrant pickers were shot and wounded by a gunman in the disused factory where they were staying .
" This is the very first time the Africans rebel against the local ' Ndrangheta mafia which dominates the fruit and vegetable businesses , " said Francesco Forgione , a former head of Italy 's parliamentary anti-mafia commission .
" During their protest they even surrounded the house of an old boss in the Pesce clan , which is powerful locally , something the Calabrians have never done . "
The Pesce and Bellocco clans are both believed to be involved in racketeering at the nearby container port of Gioia Tauro .
Touadi said : " [ African imigrants ] need to be helped or the Italian south will this year become like Alabama in the 1920s , just as Rosarno is now . "
There is a glacier in Antarctica that seems to be weeping a river of blood .
It 's one of the continent 's strangest features , and it 's located in one of the continent 's strangest places -- the McMurdo Dry Valleys , a huge , ice - free zone and one of the world 's harshest deserts .
So imagine you 're hiking through this ...
... which has been kept ice - less since God was a child because of something called the katabatic winds , which sweep over the valleys at up to 200 mph and suck all the moisture out of them .
Anyway , you 're hiking along , passing dessicated penguin carcasses and such , and you come to this :
A bleeding glacier .
Discovered in 1911 by a member of Robert Scott 's ill - fated expedition team , its rusty color was at first theorized to be caused by some sort of algae growth .
Later , however , it was proven to be due to iron oxidation .
Every so often , the glacier spews forth a clear , iron - rich liquid that quickly oxidizes and turns a deep shade of red .
According to Discover Magazine :
The source of that water is an intensely salty lake trapped beneath 1,300 feet of ice , and a new study has now found that microbes have carved out a niche for themselves in that inhospitable environment , living on sulfur and iron compounds .
The bacteria colony has been isolated there for about 1.5 million years , researchers say , ever since the glacier rolled over the lake and created a cold , dark , oxygen - poor ecosystem .
Even weirder : scientists think that the bacteria responsible for Blood Falls might be an Earth - bound approximation of the kind of alien life that might exist elsewhere in the solar system , like beneath the polar ice caps of Mars and Europa .
Once again , Deadpool lives out our most primal id fantasies for us in " Deadpool : Merc With a Mouth " # 5 .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/01/11/jar-jar-binks-is-an-abomination-say-it/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
( via @ ToplessRobot ) Make Your Own Star Trek Phaser
2,100 - Year - Old Computer Still Awesome
New Transformers cartoon series on the way
Howard Dean is once again the tribune of frustrated liberals .
The resurrection of Howard Dean
After four relatively low - profile years pushing the official party line as chairman of the Democratic National Committee , Dean is once again the tribune of frustrated liberals .
And after he called out President Barack Obama and his congressional allies over their concessions on health care , those close to him predict he ’s just getting warmed up .
Dean ’s health care stand has infuriated party leaders , who have alternately tried to marginalize him and to bring him on board .
Yet at the same time , his provocative approach has re-energized the political group he founded and thrilled legions of progressive activists , many of whom were drawn to politics by Dean 's insurgent 2004 presidential campaign , then deflated when he did n’t land an Obama Cabinet post .
Advertisement
They have grown increasingly disenchanted with Obama ’s presidency and are urging Dean to keep up the drumbeat as the health care debate heads to conference this month ; to push Obama to stand more firmly with liberals on other issues ; and , if the administration continues to disappoint , to consider challenging Obama in the 2012 Democratic primaries ( a far - fetched scenario for which one liberal blogger recently posited Dean was “ perfectly positioned ” ) or — if nothing else — to seek the party ’s presidential nomination in 2016 , when Obama could be finishing his second term .
“ It ’s almost like the circle has come all the way around again , and Howard Dean ’s voice is leading the same charge that he started to lead in 2003 , ” said Joe Trippi , who ran Dean ’s 2004 campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination .
In fact , Dean ’s resurgence in some ways resembles his meteoric rise to national prominence as a dark - horse presidential candidate whose strident anti-war rhetoric set the left ablaze even as it made Washington Democrats uneasy .
This time around , his supporters and allies say , he is even better positioned to channel liberal frustrations , given his health care bona fides .
A medical doctor , Dean as governor of Vermont oversaw the creation of a universal health care program for children and pregnant women in that state .
But — policy specifics aside — for many supporters , Dean ’s harsh December allegations that Obama and Senate Democrats caved to big insurance companies by shelving both a public health insurance option and the Medicare expansion that replaced it – and his much - criticized assertion that “ the best thing to do right now is kill the Senate bill and go back to the House and start the reconciliation process ” – brought to mind his 2004 campaign pledge “ to represent the Democratic wing of the Democratic Party . ”
Dean did not respond to requests for comment for this story .
But sources close to him said that when the health care debate concludes , he ’ll likely continue pushing the White House and congressional Democrats to take liberal stances on other issues , including alternative energy , and also will stay involved with Democracy for America ( DFA ) , the political action committee he founded and recently reconnected with .
“ He is going to keep pushing the envelope on health care and some other issues , ” said Dean ’s brother , Jim Dean , chairman of DFA , which was created from the remnants of his brother ’s presidential campaign .
“ Someone ’s got to do it , because a lot of Obama ’s core constituencies do n’t feel like they ’re getting paid attention to right now . ”
Howard Dean “ certainly subjugated a lot of stuff because he was the DNC chair , ” his brother said .
“ But when he realized he was n’t going to be in the administration , he was going to speak out about something , and he ’s been committed to health care ever since he first ran for office . ”
After Obama last January tapped close ally Tim Kaine to replace Dean at the DNC , Dean hired former DNC communications director Karen Finney as his spokeswoman and signed on as a contributor at CNBC , a strategic advisor with McKenna Long & Aldridge ( a major lobbying firm for which he specializes in healthcare and alternative energy issues ) and a consultant at DFA , where he participates in regular strategy sessions .
The group , which had previously focused primarily on grass - roots organizing and campaigns , mobilized in support of the public option more than it had around any other policy issue , Jim Dean said .
It saw a corresponding spike in both its membership and donations and is planning to continue taking on the administration over policy issues , said Dean , explaining , “ I see us constantly having to make sure that this party does n’t fall back on its heels the way it did in the 1990s .
And this health care thing was n’t exactly a confidence builder . ”
After top
White House aide David Axelrod last month set into Howard Dean for trashing the latest iteration of the health care bill , DFA blasted an e-mail to its 1.2 million members declaring “ Governor Dean speaks for me ” and urging donations to DFA “ right now to get Howard ’s back and fuel our campaign for real reform . ”
On a Florida progressive listserv , one poster urged readers to donate to DFA instead of the DNC , which in the days before the Senate ’s pre-Christmas vote to pass health reform , urged the 13 million subscribers on Obama ’s campaign e-mail list to call their senators in support of the Senate bill .
After unsubscribing from OFA and pledging to turn his efforts to DFA and another liberal PAC that supports the public option called the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , former Obama volunteer and donor Michael Hermann , a Los Angeles musician , told POLITICO : “ I find the administration 's hubris in thinking they will never lose their liberal base astounding . ”
Wendy Sejour , a DFA leader in Homestead , Fla. , who is also active in her local Democratic Party , said “ what the administration does not understand is that when they try to marginalized Dean and DFA , they insult us and dismiss our hard work .
We are the foot soldiers . ”
Another DFA volunteer , Patrick Briggs of Pasadena , Calif. , said he scrapped plans to become more involved in OFA over what he saw as its health care capitulation .
He said Dean ’s salvos “ reminded some of us in the movement that at least there ’s someone out there in the progressive community who ’s looking out for our interest . ”
Dean and his supporters even seem to be relishing the broadsides he ’s absorbed from liberals eager to pass some form of health care reform .
After MSNBC host Joe Scarborough late last month cited a Washington Post columnist ’s suggestion that Dean had “ lost his mind , ” Dean shot back , “ Those are also the same people who said I did n’t know what I was talking about when I said we should n’t get into Iraq , when our party caved in on that issue six years ago . ”
On NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” last month , Dean said that the left has “ been very disappointed ” by the Senate ’s shelving proposals for a government - run health insurance plan .
“ We do n't think that there has been much fight in the White House for that , ” Dean charged , asserting that the Senate bill falls well short of the type of reform Obama promised during his campaign and could make an already difficult Democratic 2010 election cycle even harder .
DFA could help make the 2010 election cycle a bloody one for Democrats , since it plans to support primary challenges to Democratic incumbents it deems insufficiently supportive of the public option , said Jim Dean , adding , “ I ’m not going to name names right now , but there are some actors in this who the Party and the country would be better off without . ”
Additionally , Trippi said DFA could serve as a vehicle to help launch a future Howard Dean campaign by paying for staff and travel .
Though he rejected the Netroots - stoked speculation that Dean would challenge Obama in a 2012 Democratic primary , Trippi asserted a 2016 Dean presidential run is not all that far - fetched .
Dean would turn 68 just after election day in 2016 .
“ A lot of establishment people might laugh at that , but there ’s angst in the progressive wing of the party , and it matters that Howard Dean is emerging as the leading voice of that angst , ” said Trippi .
“ It could matter on a number of other issues , and it could lead to another Howard Dean campaign for president , ” said Trippi , who had a falling out with his old boss toward the end of the campaign but would not rule out signing on to a Dean 2016 campaign .
“ There ’s a real chance that if progressives feel at the end of the Obama era that there was n’t enough movement on issues they care about , then somebody will emerge out of the progressive wing of the Party as a leading contender .
If you follow that logic , then you have to conclude that it could be Howard Dean . ”
The manager on duty , Linda ( who asked that I not mention her last name here , for reasons I can't get into but let 's just say everything worked out okay ... ) , tells me that a couple in their 30s paid their check at the register , then asked the cashier to let them secretly pay the check of another couple in the dining room - a couple they did n't know .
I ’ve spent the last week working on a tinypy to C++ converter .
It works !
See the screenshot to the right – I ’ve managed to port a pygame game over to C ++.
Here ’s how ( and some of the catches ) :
I require type annotation of all the functions and methods .
“ def test ( x : str ) -> str : return x ”
I do two passes on each file , the first pass to catch all the function types and class members , and the second pass to generate the code .
I generate C++ code that has automagic reference counting .
So you have to code your script so it wo n’t have any cyclic references if you want garbage collected for you .
How is this different from shedskin ( really cool project ! ) ?
Built - in reference counting , instead of using libgc .
I require the user to type annotate everything .
It only supports a subset of the tinypy subset of python .
Shedskin supports a much larger subset of python .
So what ’s the point ?
Well , I learned a lot about STL and C ++.
I know it will produce iPhone friendly code , I ’m pretty sure libgc is n’t iPhone friendly ?
( At least , I have n’t found anything via a few searches … )
Way less magic .
Since everything is annotated , there are no surprises .
Implementing C++ modules is pretty easy – the code can be inlined within the python code and it just works .
This will make it easier for me to develop C++ games .
Anyway , if you ’re super brave , you can check out svn://www.imitationpickles.org/tinypy/branches/tinypy2
..
I do n’t have the elephants example in there , but the pygame .
py that I include gives you a pretty good example of a complex module .
I ’m going to chat with the tinypy folks to see if we ’ll merge this into the tinypy trunk or have it as a separate project .
I ’m not quite sure what makes sense to everyone else 🙂
The nice bit about merging this in is that I could unify the test suites nicely .
And tinypy would still function as normal , just better tested , and with function annotation parsing supported .
All that said , I should make a tinypy module for tinypy C++ so that I can do some code evals !
January 19 , 2010 -- Labor Notes --
Iran has seen incredible tumult in the last few months , with massive street protests challenging the government , even as the US and allied nations continue to threaten the Iranian government under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
But most people in the US know little about Iranian society , and especially its working class .
Iranian workers have been organising for more than a century but today largely have to function in a secretive , underground way .
It is therefore very fortunate that we have obtained an interview with a labour organiser ( whom we shall call Homayoun Poorzad ) , who is based in Tehran , the capital city of Iran .
Labor Notes : How has the Iranian labour movement fared under the Ahmadinejad regime ?
Homayoun Poorzad :
This has been the most anti-labour government of the Islamic Republic over the last 30 years .
The 1979 revolution was not regressive in every sense ; it nationalised 70 per cent of the economy and passed a labour law that was one of the best in terms of limiting the firing of workers .
This is a target for change by capitalists , both private and those in the government bureaucracy .
The economic crisis has helped Ahmadinejad ram through a new agenda .
This is also aided by the acceleration of the percentage ( 60 per cent to 70 per cent ) of the workforce who are temporary contract workers .
Iran , like other countries , has had an import mania — from food to capital goods .
Many local firms are being driven to bankruptcy .
Workers ’ bargaining power has suffered , with labour supply far outstripping demand .
The Ahmadinejad government has been “ bailing out ” firms , but the government is running out of money .
The situation for labour is at its lowest status since the start of the 20th century , leaving out the years of the two world wars .
What government actions have led to tensions with Iranian workers ?
The Ahmadinejad government is trying to make it easier to fire workers .
There have also been massive privatisations , including turning over many firms to the Revolutionary Guards and the armed forces .
Again , this has intensified the pushing of more workers into temporary contracts .
In addition , there is a “ subsidies reform law ” that is imminent .
Previously , the government has provided the equivalent of billions of dollars to subsidise utilities , transportation , gasoline , heating oil , electricity and water — for both individuals and factories .
What people pay is as little as 5 per cent to 18 per cent of the actual costs .
Two years ago gasoline was about 40 cents a gallon .
This bill would double or triple costs in a few months and eliminate many subsidies over a period of five years .
This will have a double effect : it will lead to massive inflation , but the main damage will be that when factories ’ costs increase , it will lead to massive layoffs .
We believe this will spark huge labour actions , in somewhere between three months to a year .
How does this situation relate to past developments with workers ’ struggles and rights in Iran ?
There have been major reductions in labour actions in the last five or six years .
Most workers can't afford to strike , and temporary contract workers have virtually no rights .
Full - time workers can engage in peaceful protests , according to the Iranian constitution , around working conditions or being paid on time .
That leaves more than 8 million workers prevented from organising themselves .
Six years ago , under former president Mohammad Khatami , the situation was better .
International Labor Organization ( ILO ) covenants were signed , which provided some freedom to organise , combined with some encouragement by certain government spokespeople .
It must be said that since the Islamic Revolution , it has been harder in many ways for workers to organise than even under the Shah .
After 1979 , there were workers councils ( these were politicised organisations ) .
But after 1982 , they were expelled and replaced by the Islamic Workers Councils .
They pushed the politics of the regime and stymied independent labour action , but they did defend some workers .
They have an umbrella organisation called the Workers House , which has a newspaper and is represented in the Iranian parliament .
In order to maintain its base , it has opposed changes in the labour law , and its representative was the only outspoken opponent of the new subsidies cutbacks legislation .
The older workers of the earlier revolutionary period are still respected by younger workers and in that way exert an indirect influence on labour activism .
What sectors of the workforce are active ?
The main sectors of the workforce in Iran are in oil and gas , followed by automobiles , steel , textiles and mining .
There are over a dozen nuclei of unions underground and 10 or 11 sectors of the workforce involved , despite the fact there are many less labour actions than 10 years ago .
The best example of recent labour activism is the bus drivers ' union in Tehran .
They have set up workshops and classes on organising , the history of the labour movement , and legal and constitutional rights for workers .
In a work stoppage around wages and working conditions not long ago , they brought Tehran , a major city , to a halt .
Even the baseej [ the Islamic paramilitary assigned to communities and worksites , at the centre of the recent repression ] were sympathetic to their strike ; the mayor of Tehran addressed more than 10,000 of their members .
After a second strike , the union was banned and the security police arrested their leaders , including Mansoo Osanhoo .
[ After last May 1 , other Iranian labour leaders were also arrested -- see the US Labor Against the War website . ]
More than 40 of their leaders were fired and some are still unemployed .
The government started privatisation ; over half the buses are now “ owned ” by individual drivers .
There has also been an attempt to co-opt the bus drivers with some small benefits and pay raises .
The other important union involves the sugar - cane workers .
They are active in an area near the oil fields and have massive ( over 90 per cent ) support of these agricultural workers and their families .
After petitioning for work improvements and meeting with bureaucrats , which led nowhere , they took direct action and blocked a freeway .
They have been involved in a three - year struggle .
What has been the role of workers in the recent post-election protests ?
How do workers view the election of Ahmadinejad ?
Some people in the US saw Ahmadinejad as a populist ; but workers are not fooled ; they know it is a police state , with a right - wing ideology .
He has a base in small towns and rural areas amongst the poor .
The regime gives handouts of money and coupons to such people before the elections .
The recent protests are often portrayed as just a middle - class movement , but workers are in support of the Green Wave actions .
The protests are centred in Tehran , especially in the northern part of the city , which is more middle class .
There are less agents there of the regime , like the baseej , so people are not so easily identified .
That is the second reason there are not many workers currently out on the streets in these protests .
If they are arrested , they would lose their jobs and starve ; middle - class demonstrators do n't face starvation as a result of their activities .
Overall , there is an ongoing danger from a core of religious radicals , especially the baseej , who believe that by imprisoning and torturing those opposing the Islamic state , they are gaining access to paradise .
The labour movement does not identify with any political faction in the current struggle , but once the labour movement becomes strong , it can effect an overall change in policies , including at the international level .
We could stop people such as Ahmadinejad from making such an outrageous speech in the UN about the Holocaust .
What is the Ahmadinejad regime 's agenda in this crisis ?
First , the whole regime supports an IMF - type structural adjustment [ which usually includes privatisation , deregulation and government cuts to education , public health and social safety nets ] .
Second , the government is desperate , facing a possible US or Israeli attack , and is seeking funds for its political agenda .
They are sensitive to other oil producers ( and their unions ) , but any outside intervention ( even more sanctions , which we believe are not now helpful ) will allow them to label any Iranian labour activists as agents of foreign powers .
Third , there will be major layoffs , which would be aggravated by sanctions as well as government policies , which can lead to huge labour actions , especially among industrial workers .
It is a unique opportunity to go on the offensive and push the government .
The current regime desperately wishes to join the World Trade Organization , which requires meeting certain ILO guidelines .
Therefore , union members and leaders in the West can pressure their national and international federations to demand union organising rights in Iran as well as freeing imprisoned labour leaders .
Hopefully , there could be a delegation sent by such federations to Iran and perhaps a committee of trade unions to demand such rights .
[ Bill Balderston is from the Oakland Education Association and US Labor Against the War .
The Network of Iranian Labor Unions can be reached at niluinfo@gmail.com and a new website , Iranlaborreport.com .
This interview first appeared at Labor Notes , a US - based magazine for trade union activists . ]
Ahmadinejad a progressive ?
Ahamdi ’s anti-imperialism is a myth and so are his leftist credentials
Network of Iranian Labor Unions ( NILU )
Iran Labor Report --
There is a fiction going about in some progressive circles around the world according to which Ahmadinejad is a great nationalist crusader , that he is a champion of the poor and that he is a man of the people .
This is certainly shocking to the ears of most Iranians ( including many Iranian workers ) who consider their president to be a demagogue and a petty dictator .
Let ’s look at the facts in detail :
Subsidies Rationalisation Plan .
The government ’s Economic Reform Plan first introduced in March 2008 followed up by the Doctor - Jekyll - like Subsidies Rationalisation Plan is a carbon copy of the IMF prescriptions for neoliberal restructuring .
Its centrepiece is the wholesale axing of national subsidies within five years starting from January 2009 .
One of the few victories of Iranian working class from the 1979 revolution has been the constitutionally guaranteed right of the Iranian people to make free use of billions of dollars in assistance provided in the form of state subsidies .
Gasoline users , bakeries , city bus commuters and consumers of public utilities are among the tens of millions of people who have benefited to one degree or other from this policy .
For instance , bus commuters in urban areas pay only about a tenth of the fares they would have otherwise paid .
Gasoline is only 40 cents per litre .
Cooking gas is a fifth of its so - called market rate .
It is important to note that these benefits were not a result of an act of generosity or some kind of government largess but an achievement wrought by the sacrifice and blood of millions of Iranians .
It is now all coming to an end .
Ahmadinejad 's government has brazenly set about ending this 30 - year arrangement with a fanatical zeal .
Starting this January , subsidies will be cut in large increments .
In this , the government is supported by the majority of the country ’s ruling factions who expect to grab various chunks of the bonanza .
( Significantly , opposition figure Mir Hossein Mousavi has sharply criticised the plan as ill advised and misguided . )
There is nothing novel or redeeming about the Subsidies Rationalisation Plan .
Ahmadinejad ’s price liberalisation scheme is nothing but a regurgitated version of the infamous shock therapy treatment devised by the late Milton Friedman of the University of Chicago fame .
It was first applied in Chile in the late 1970s and later in east and central Europe with devastating effect for the poor and working classes .
Privatisation .
Ahamdinejad has dutifully signed on to the so - called Amendment to Article 44 of the Constitution , which envisions the wholesale dismantling of the public sector and its handover to crony capitalists .
According to the government ’s own 2008 statistics , one third of the state assets have already been privatised ( US $ 37 billion out of $ 110 billion ) of which 78 % occurred under the Ahmadinejad administration .
This too is a carbon copy of the IMF model for structural adjustment .
In fact , despite abundant national resources , Ahmadinejad is eager to have Iran join the World Trade Organization at the earliest possible date .
Too bad the WTO has only allowed his government observer status !
The only difference between privatisation in Iran and privatisation in the rest of the world is that it is not really the private sector that ends up with the public enterprises in question .
Rather , it is the Revolutionary Guards Corps of Iran ( RGCI ) and its sundry subsidiaries — followed by less powerful players — that have grabbed the prized state assets .
It would be a real stretch of imagination to call these RGCI - controlled entities as Iran ’s private sector .
In the last year alone , tens of billions of dollars in state assets were handed out to the RGCI in no -bid , below - market - price sweet deals .
For example , last October , in the stock market ’s largest transaction ever , an $ 8 billion purchase was made of the country ’s telecommunication industry in a sweet deal that is costing the RGCI next to nothing .
In other words , the Iranian people are getting the worst of both worlds !
They are gradually losing their public ownership rights while a small clique of hard - line military men and militocrats with absolutely no managerial or technical skills are calling themselves the new masters of the country .
Already , many fraudulently “ privatised ” firms are being run to the ground or cannibalised of choice assets thanks to the inexperience , greed and venality of the RGCI .
Income redistribution .
Much has been made of Ahmadi ’s pseudo - leftist Robin Hood - style rhetoric to steal from the rich and give it to the poor .
The last four years have seen , thanks to the huge oil income windfall , possibly the largest - ever budget increase in Iran ’s 2500 - year history ; yet , all that Ahmadinejad and his defenders have to show for are the so - called Justice Shares ; small salary increases for selected groups ; and some paltry micro-credits for low - or middle - income families .
The much - touted Justice Shares have an uncanny resemblance to the voucher privatisation scheme that was practiced in Russia during the 1990s .
The plan led to the destruction of the state sector and the accumulation of power and wealth in the hand of mafia oligarchs .
As for the salary increases , the 2007 - 2008 inflation rates of 36 % and 33 % swept away whatever income boost the government had promised to prospective voting blocs .
As for micro-credits , according to the minister of trade , 56 % of the micro-credit allocations “ failed to reach their goals ” with the majority given out to favoured individuals .
In short , as far as Iran ’s working people are concerned , Ahmadi ’s economic performance is at best poor and probably abysmal .
But what of his social and political policy ?
Social Policy .
Since coming to power in 2005 , Ahmadinejad has once again unleashed the loathsome religious " vice squads " on the population of the urban areas .
In the last four years , hundreds of thousands of young people , particularly young women , have been subjected to searches , arrest and humiliating behaviour for such innocuous infractions as wearing boots in winter .
Ahmadinejad has also closed down 48 newspapers and magazines ; rolled back the limited social and cultural freedoms won in the old administration and generally allied himself with the most retrograde social forces in the country — possibly in the world — such as the fire - breathing ayatollah Mesbah Yazdi .
The budget for the arts have been cut by 62 % while that of the hard - line religious centres have increased exponentially .
Women , particularly working - class women , have seen their status eroded or under severe attack .
For example , in 2007 the government introduced a bill on the floor of the parliament called the Family Protection
Act which nullified a woman ’s legal right to be notified of her husbands ’ intention to seek a second wife and to annul it once it has occurred .
In the end , Iranian parliament members , no doubt fearing a backlash from their own wives and daughters , voted the disgraceful bill down .
But they did n’t veto another bill which made it obligatory for female civil servants to refuse overtime work and pay on the grounds that “ women ’s true place was at home ” .
Democratisation .
To our knowledge , Mr. Ahmadinejad has never had the pretense of being a democrat and we would certainly not want to contradict him on that score .
Anti-imperialism .
It is a grave mistake to brand anyone who rails against the United States as an anti-imperialist .
If that were the case , Osama Bin Laden and his murderous followers would have been the greatest anti-imperialists the world has ever seen .
Ahamdinejad ’s anti-Americanism is fueled by a desire to become the region ’s new hegemon and nothing else .
Iran ’s working classes have no interest whatsoever in seeing their rulers exploit other nations ’ peoples and resources .
VictoriaHow to plan your route into work along the bike paths and on - road lanes .
Back - off warning has failed in this instance ( Image : Dr Camilla Ryne )
BEDBUGS are notoriously undiscerning about who they mount , and are wont to stab their penis straight into another male ’s abdomen .
Now it seems they have evolved a way of telling mistaken mounters to back off .
Female bedbugs have a structure beneath their carapace to guide the penis into a mass of infection - fighting immune cells , but males have no such protection .
Camilla Ryne at Lund University in Sweden found that they respond instead by emitting a pheromone normally used to warn off predators .
Males with blocked glands were mounted …
Ooops : the ABC has inadvertently leaked the winner of its popular annual poll on the ABC Shop website .
Look away now if you do n't want to ruin your Australia Day BBQ .
Sorry to ruin your Triple J Hottest 100 BBQs folks , but it seems the ABC has inadvertently leaked the winner of its popular annual poll on the ABC Shop website .
The spiel promotes the February edition of its flagship JMag rag .
Look away now if you do n’t want to know which UK nu-folk quartet emerges triumphant .
Crikey left a message for Triple J Marketing Coordinator Gerry Bull just before deadline , but we did n’t hear back .
Photo by Mark Green / The Urban Country
In China it ’s not uncommon for bicycles to carry an inordinate amount of cargo .
When I visited Beijing in 2007 I saw bicycles carrying loads of vegetables that would make a dump truck driver envious .
This picture was snapped the other day by The Urban Country ’s China correspondent Mark Green in Shanghai , China .
Mark says this particular cargo load was stacked more than 10 feet deep :
“ It ’s pretty common to see ridiculously high stacked bikes here , but this one caught my attention because of the way the driver seat is cut out , reducing visibility to about 70 degrees .
Extra body armour I suppose . ”
That ’s what I love about the Chinese .
They can make practical use out of almost anything , and very little goes to waste .
They always manage to find a way to re-use almost everything .
While most people in China yearn for the western luxuries that we enjoy here in North America , many of us in North America yearn for the pragmatic lifestyles of many of the Chinese .
The Central Limit Theorem says that if you average enough independent copies of a random variable , the result has a nearly normal ( Gaussian ) distribution .
Of course that ’s a very rough statement of the theorem .
What are the precise requirements of the theorem ?
That question took two centuries to resolve .
You can see the final answer here .
The first version of the Central Limit Theorem appeared in 1733 , but necessary and sufficient conditions were n’t known until 1935 .
I wo n’t recap the entire history here .
I just want to comment briefly on how the Central Limit Theorem began and how different the historical order of events was from the typical order of presentation .
A typical probability course might proceed as follows .
This is the opposite of the historical order of events .
Abraham de Moivre discovered he could approximate binomial distribution probabilities using the integral of exp ( - x2 ) and proved an early version of the Central Limit Theorem in 1733 .
At the time , there was no name given to his integral .
Only later did anyone think of exp ( - x2 ) as the density of a probability distribution .
De Moivre certainly did n’t use the term “ Gaussian ” since Gauss was born 44 years after de Moivre ’s initial discovery .
De Moivre also did n’t call his result the “ Central Limit Theorem . ”
George Pólya gave the theorem that name in 1920 as it was approaching its final form .
For more details , see The Life and Times of the Central Limit Theorem .
Related links :
For daily posts on probability , follow @ ProbFact on Twitter .
The dudes in THE BLACK DAHLIA MURDER are touring machines .
They have been on the road non -stop since their album came out in the Summer , and it looks to be about the same for 2010 as they have just announced another killer tour .
The band will be taking out tech - metal gods OBSCURA along with AUGURY and HATESPHERE .
This is a tour that is not to be missed .
Full tour dates after the jump …
2/24 Atlanta , GA @ Masquerade
2/25 St. Petersburg , FL @ State Theatre
2/26 Ft. Lauderdale , FL @ The Culture Room
2/27 Orlando , FL @ The Social
3/1 Houston , TX @ Meridian
3/2 Dallas , TX @ Granada Theatre
3/3 San Antonio , TX @ White Rabbit
3/5 Tucson , AZ @ The Rock
3/6 Los Angeles , CA @ Ultra Violet
3/7 San Francisco , CA @ Slims
3/8 Portland , OR @ Hawthorne Theatre
3/9 Seattle , WA @ El Corazon
3/10 Boise , ID @ The Venue
3/12 Denver , CO @ Marquis Theatre
3/13 Lawrence , KS @ The Bottleneck
3/14 Des Moines , IA @ People 's Court
3/15 St. Paul , MN @ Station 4
3/16 Chicago , IL @ Metro
3/18 Washington , DC @ Rock N Roll Hotel
3/19 Philadelphia , PA @ First Unitarian Church
3/20 New York , NY @ Santo's Party House
3/21 Cambridge , MA @ Middle East
3/22 Allentown , PA @ Crocodile Rock
3/23 Pittsburgh , PA @ Mr. Smalls
3/24 Detroit , MI @ Magic Stick
ROBERT KAHN
Courthouse News Service
Friday , Jan 1st , 2010
A suburban Chicago police officer Tasered a man 11 times while he was having a diabetic seizure , and the 56 seconds of needlessly inflicted electric shock , “ inflicted … while he was lying unresponsive on the floor of his bedroom , permanently scarred [ him ] and caused him neurological damage that has not abated , ” the man claims in Chicago Federal Court .
Prospero Lassi says he suffered a diabetes - induced seizure at home on April 9 .
His roommate called 911 , and police from LaGrange Park and Brookfield responded , with EMTs from LaGrange Park .
Lassi says his roommate explained to police that he was having a diabetic seizure .
Lassi “ was not alert and could not move his body . ”
[ efoods ]
When the EMTs asked the cops to help them move Lassi from where he was lying on the floor , Lassi says , one of his “ arms flailed during his diabetes - induced seizure , striking one of the LaGrange and Brookfield defendants .
At no time did Mr. Lassi intentionally strike or offensively touch any of the LaGrange or Brookfield defendants . ”
Lassi says LaGrange Park Officer Darren Pedota responded by Tasering him 11 times , for nearly a minute , as he lay helpless .
He was hospitalized for 5 days , and was unable to work for 3 months because of the attack , “ and his quality of life has suffered substantially , ” Lassi says .
“ At no time did Mr. Lassi do anything to warrant the use of force against him .
Mr. Lassi was never cited , arrested , or charged with any crime , ” according to the complaint .
He seeks punitive damages for battery , excessive force , and failure to intervene .
He is represented by Arthur Loevy of Loevy & Loevy .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Doctor Who : The End of Time Part Two
Last week , when writing about the first part of the Tennant / Davies swansong , I talked about not making any predictions , as well as the possibility of expectations not being met .
On the predictions front , I ’m glad I did n’t bother ( although one of the few that I did make may actually be true – more on that in a bit ) , because there ’s really no way I could have predicted the bizarre manner in which this tale concluded .
The narrative meat of this episode – the stuff involving the Time Lords , Gallifrey and the Master – was quite frankly difficult to wade through on the first viewing ; a second viewing alleviated some of that , and yet I ’m still not convinced it all makes perfect sense .
Perhaps I ’m looking at it too deeply , and wanting more than there is ?
I ’d also be lying if I said I went into this episode without any expectations – I mean , how can you not ?
Many , if not most of them were n’t met , although there were plenty of other treats on display that made up for that .
Indeed , this episode was hell bent on subverting expectations .
“ The End of Time ” as a whole , which is how it should be judged , is a landmark slice of “ Doctor Who , ” even though the writing is n’t as tight as the intricate standard set by “ The Waters of Mars . ”
Oh well – based on previous finales , I did n’t really expect it to be , and on that level it ca n’t be called a letdown .
It ’s so steeped in the mythology of Davies ’ vision of “ Who , ” that it ’s difficult to imagine it could possibly work as a piece of standalone drama for anyone unfamiliar with the past five years of the series .
But that also ca n’t be a criticism , since what it really is is a jagged love letter to everyone who ’s been paying attention during that time .
Davies really backed himself into a corner with this one , because “ Journey ’s End ” very much felt like the end of the era , only it was n’t .
So this proper ending , which feels more like a coda or an afterward , had to be a horse of a different color , and it most certainly was .
The episode wastes no time addressing the final moments of “ Part One ” by diving straight into the Gallifrey situation .
Before going further , let me just say how incredibly fucking cool it was to have James Bond playing the Time Lord President .
If someone had told me 20 years ago that Timothy Dalton would someday be playing such a role on “ Doctor Who ” I ’d have thought them bonkers .
Sure , it ’s not as if Sean Connery is gracing the screen , but anyone who really appreciates the Bond franchise knows Dalton got a bum deal , and that both of his outings were pretty damn good entries .
Anyone who appreciates both Bond and “ Who ” will also acknowledge how the two concepts – which , aside from their inherent Britishness , really only have the changing of lead actors in common – have worked oddly parallel to one another over the past 40 some - odd years .
Dalton is terrifying here , especially for anyone who does n’t know the history of the classic series , and expects the Time Lords to be the good guys .
Even as an old school fan , it was shocking to see the Time Lords as they ’re presented here , but the more I thought about it , the more it was perfect and right .
These guys – even from their very first outing , “ The War Games ” – were bad news .
It ’s just that they were so passive in their assholedom before ; here they ’re proactively destructive .
Even though it ’s never stated in the episode , the old Time Lord decree of “ non-intervention ” was obviously filed into 13 once their existence was threatened .
And then there ’s the Deus ex glove !
Oh , how I loved and hated that stupid glove !
( Maybe it ’s a relative of the glove from “ Torchwood ? ” )
My teenager hilariously dubbed it “ The Glove of Time . ”
He started making up dialogue for Dalton : “ I am endowed with The Glove of Time ! ” and “ The Glove of Time will smite you ! ”
We got , and will continue to get , a lot of mileage out of that silly glove .
It occurred to me in the days leading up to the finale exactly how much fun the idea of the Master race really was .
I ’d initially written it off as little more than a clever gag , but once the notion of it is dissected , and after seeing this episode , it probably becomes the Master ’s crowning evil achievement in the history of the whole series .
One thinks back to the McGann movie , where the Master merely wanted the Doctor ’s remaining lives ; here he manages to snag the lives of everyone on planet Earth .
Yes , it ’s batty , but so is this incarnation of the Master .
The Doctor is oddly removed and casual about the whole thing .
Once again , the Master has put him into a humiliating position – this time strapped to some kind of weird gurney / chair thing .
He ’s gagged him , and Tennant does n’t even have any dialogue for the first few minutes he ’s onscreen ( although Tennant , pro that he is , does wonders with his eyes ) .
Once the gag comes off , he delivers a gorgeous speech to the Master – one that is so painful in its plea , that as a viewer you really wish it could be .
Perhaps the Doctor remembers how much fun he had traveling the universe with Romana ?
The Vinvocci reenter the picture , and an inordinate amount of time is spent on their ship .
It would be the low point of the episode , if it did n’t allow for yet another brilliant scene involving the Doctor , Wilf and a service revolver .
Out of the myriad ideas RTD had for this 2 hour and 15 minute finale , involving Wilf / Cribbins was the most inspired and perfect .
Initially I ’d assumed Wilf ’s involvement in this tale would end up simply being an excuse to do something else with Donna , but as it turns out , that was n’t the case .
I was frankly taken aback by how little Donna had to do here , and there are some viewers who may be upset by that .
An expectation for this episode was Donna regaining her memories and all that would entail , yet Davies gives it a wholly contrived out : “ Do you think I ’d leave my best friend without a defense mechanism ? ”
It does n’t play to expectations , as in the end she does n’t recall her time with the Doctor … yet she gets something even more fulfilling , and that ’s a happy life with a decent and good man – which is the one thing she ’d always wanted that eluded her .
Had she regained her memories , but lost the Doctor , there would always have been a giant , unfulfilled hole in Donna ’s life .
It may not be brilliant and fantastic , but it is right , and that ’s what matters .
After a ridiculous sequence involving the Vinvocci ship and hundreds of missiles , the Doctor makes a mind - boggling jump back into the Naismith mansion .
It ’s not even worth pondering “ How could he survive that ? , ” because he did and he ’s more broken than ever .
The Time Lords show up , the Master is present , and it ’s this crazy standoff with the Doctor as the centerpiece doing the one thing he abhors – holding a weapon ; in this case , Wilf ’s service revolver .
It should be my duty to guide you through this Doctor / Master / Time Lord / Gallifrey situation , but I ’m not even going to bother .
The whole thing is too layered in its cumbersome plotting , yet the only thing that really matters is “ What will the Doctor do ? ”
It must be mentioned that The Glove of Time , in addition to being able to vaporize Time Lords out of existence , can also change mankind back to the way they were before .
Sheesh .
And why did n’t Dalton use The Glove of Time to vaporize the Doctor when the gun was pointed at the Master ?
I can buy the Doctor jumping hundreds of feet from a moving spaceship , crashing down through a glass window and surviving , but Rassilon ’s failure to use The Glove was absurd .
Ah yes – Rassilon .
If you only know the new series , this name does n’t matter .
But if you know the mythology of old , you can only say , “ I thought he was dead ? ”
It ’s an instance of throwing something in there for the fans , only so that the fans can call bunk .
Why even bother ?
Oh , and the higher plane to which the Time Lords aimed to ascend was hogwash .
Anyway , the Doctor shoots a machine and the Master becomes enraged and the Time Lords , I guess , are sent back to their time locked scenario .
I guess .
If anyone knows better , feel free to step in and set me straight .
I still have no idea what happened to the Master , but hopefully he ’ll return to shit disturb another day , probably with a different actor playing the part in an entirely different fashion .
And what of Claire Bloom ’s mysterious woman , who ended up being a Time Lord ?
Easily the most purposefully nebulous aspect of the story , we never do find out exactly who she is .
I predicted last week she would be the Doctor ’s mother .
Maybe she is .
Maybe she is n’t .
We ’ll probably never find out , and she seems designed to do nothing more than give fans something to debate until something newer and more puzzling comes along .
Finally , after months of buildup , comes the four knocks – a move so deftly executed , that there ’s no possible way fan speculation could have foreseen it .
It ’s just Wilf , locked in the Immortality Gate control chamber ( again , I guess that ’s what it is ) , wanting to be let out .
The Doctor thought he cheated death , and in an instant realizes what everything has been leading up to , and why Wilf and he were so connected .
He ’s incensed and annoyed , mostly by his own short - sightedness , but perhaps stymied that his end could be something so simple .
Yet he finally acknowledges that this prophecy must be fulfilled , as it just is n’t in him to cheat death by letting this old man perish on his watch .
He absorbs a shitload of radiation , which takes a few of us back to Jon Pertwee ’s death in “ Planet of the Spiders . ”
The regeneration process begins , but this is going to be a slow burn .
He returns
Wilf to his home , promising him that they ’ll meet once more , and sets off in the TARDIS , to collect , as he says , his reward .
His reward consists of checking in with and doing one last little thing for the people who mattered , one last time .
Mickey and Martha ( Freema looked damn fine ! ) are now married ( a delightful flourish ) , and doing anti-alien sorts of things , and the Doctor saves them from being gunned down by a Sontaran .
He saves Luke from a reckless driver on Bannerman Road , and Sarah Jane shows up just long enough to see him enter the TARDIS .
( For those who may have felt that scene a cheat , the Tenth Doctor said a proper farewell to Sarah on her own show this season ; when it hits DVD , you might want to check it out – if for no other reason than it ’s more Tennant you have n’t seen , and he recorded it after “ The End of Time . ” )
The Doctor then visits Jack in a creature cantina ( one of seemingly numerous “ Star Wars ” homages in this episode ) , and does about the only thing he could possibly do for the immortal Captain , which is hook him up with a date – Midshipman Frame ( Russell Tovey ) from “ Voyage of the Damned . ”
The most curious drive by is to Verity Newman ( Jessica Hynes ) , the great - granddaughter of Joan Redfern from “ Human Nature , ” who has published Joan ’s memoirs under the title “ A Journal of Impossible Things . ”
All he wants to know is if Joan was happy .
Onto Donna ’s wedding , where he sees Wilf and Sylvia one last time , and gives them a lottery ticket to give to Donna as a wedding gift .
The ticket was paid for by Sylvia ’s deceased husband , Geoff , and finally even she sees the magic of the Doctor .
Lastly , he visits Rose on New Year ’s , 2005 – just months before they first met .
He stands in the shadows and tells her she ’s going to have a great year .
The simplicity of this entire sequence is an episode highlight , as the Doctor knows he ’s dying the entire time .
It ’s a series of last goodbyes , although if they ’re with no regret is up to interpretation ; maybe they ’re riddled with regret .
And so finally we come to the actual regeneration , which , I must confess , did n’t do much for me .
While it gave the story a circular feel to see Ood Sigma again , and have the universe “ sing ” the Doctor to his end , I felt nothing by it .
Nor did I feel anything by the regeneration itself , and it must be said , “ I do n’t wanna go , ” ranks right up there with Captain Kirk ’s “ It was …fun .
Oh , my … ” from “ Generations ” as lame exit lines for iconic sci - fi figures go .
Yet Tennant ’s Doctor had a great deal to say about dying and / or not wanting to die since “ Mars . ”
We ’ve been getting his final words in bits and pieces for three episodes running .
Was there much more for him to say on the matter ?
It ’s also something of a shame he had to die alone , although this was maybe meant to reflect his self - imposed isolation since “ The Next Doctor . ”
( Of course , practically speaking , it also gave Moffat a clean slate with which to work . )
The innovative execution of this regeneration can be appreciated , yet the moment itself left me wanting – until Matt Smith showed up and everything went ballistic .
I ’ve always been more excited by the possibilities that the aftermath of regeneration hints at than I am by the moments leading up to it .
Regardless , at this stage there ’s no more point in speculating on what Smith ’s going to do with the Doctor than there was when Tennant said , “ New teeth – that ’s weird . ”
That said , I ’m willing to go on record as saying that I am less than thrilled with the catchphrase “ Geronimo ! ”
There ’s nothing more irritating for me as a reader than to get to the end of a lengthy , indulgent opinion piece – which this clearly is – and wonder , “ But did s/he like the material or not ?
Maybe you ’re wondering just that .
I did n’t like “ The End of Time ” as much as I admired the audacity of it – its aim to do something completely unexpected , even if it did n’t always work .
As far as regenerations go , “ The Parting of the Ways ” was sleeker , and delivered the emotional goods with greater ease .
But Davies had already done it “ that way . ”
Were we to expect him to repeat himself ?
He ’s earned the right to do whatever he damn well wished , and I applaud his decisions , even if I do n’t totally agree with them .
I ’ll miss Russell .
I ’ll miss David .
But I ca n’t wait to see what tricks Moffat and Smith have up their sleeves .
_____________________________________________________
NEXT TIME :
In case you have n’t seen it , here ’s a one - minute teaser of what ’s to come this spring .
Classic “ Who ” DVD Recommendation of the Week : Call me crazy , but this may be the last time I can wholeheartedly endorse the movie “ Daleks ’ Invasion Earth : 2150 A.D. , ” which stars Peter Cushing as Dr. Who , and the mighty Bernard Cribbins as policeman Tom Campbell , who accidentally stumbles into TARDIS ( note the lack of “ the ” ) and is taken on an insane ride to the future .
Put it in your Netflix queue by searching for “ The Dr. Who Collection ” and adding Disc 2 .
( Lastly , thanks again to Sonic Biro for the screencaps .
My words would be considerably less effective without your efforts . )
A POPULIST WEDGE ?….
The “ Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee ” proposed by President Obama is hardly a draconian cudgel , swung at irresponsible banks .
It ’s about repaying a debt to the public — as the president put it this week in a message to the industry , “ We want our money back . ”
There was some speculation this week about the politics : “ [ I ]t does put Republicans in a box .
It forces them to make a choice of siding with the banks or not .
And who is going to want to argue that banks should n’t pay for their own bailout ? ”
About a nano - second after the White House unveiled the proposal , Republicans — the ones who hoped to position themselves as populist champions — immediately denounced the fee as outrageous , and swore to fight to protect those responsible for the crisis from bearing any burdens .
Atrios noted that the fee is too modest , but added , “ [ P] olitics - wise , I ’m struck by how little it takes to actually call Republicans on their ‘ populist ’ bluff . ”
In a preview of an argument we ’re likely to hear quite a bit of in the coming months , President Obama used his weekly address this morning to get the debate started in earnest .
The president laid the blame for much of the financial crisis where it belonged : “ Much of the turmoil of this recession was caused by the irresponsibility of banks and financial institutions on Wall Street .
These financial firms took huge , reckless risks in pursuit of short - term profits and soaring bonuses .
They gambled with borrowed money , without enough oversight or regard for the consequences . ”
Obama added that this made TARP a necessary evil , though it was his administration that made sure the cost of the program was cut and that most of the money was recovered .
But that ’s not good enough : “ We want the taxpayers ’ money back , and we ’re going to collect every dime . ”
The president went on to make his case , which should , at least in theory , put Republicans in a tougher position :
“ That is why , this week , I proposed a new fee on major financial firms to compensate the American people for the extraordinary assistance they provided to the financial industry .
And the fee would be in place until the American taxpayer is made whole .
Only the largest financial firms with more than $ 50 billion in assets will be affected , not community banks .
And the bigger the firm — and the more debt it holds — the larger the fee .
Because we are not only going to recover our money and help close our deficits ; we are going to attack some of the banking practices that led to the crisis .
“ That ’s important .
The fact is , financial firms play an essential role in our economy .
They provide capital and credit to families purchasing homes , students attending college , businesses looking to start up or expand .
This is critical to our recovery .
That is why our goal with this fee — and with the common - sense financial reforms we seek — is not to punish the financial industry .
Our goal is to prevent the abuse and excess that nearly led to its collapse .
Our goal is to promote fair dealings while punishing those who game the system ; to encourage sustained growth while discouraging the speculative bubbles that inevitably burst .
Ultimately , that is in the shared interest of the financial industry and the American people .
“ Of course , I would like the banks to embrace this sense of mutual responsibility .
So far , though , they have ferociously fought financial reform .
The industry has even joined forces with the opposition party to launch a massive lobbying campaign against common - sense rules to protect consumers and prevent another crisis .
“ Now , like clockwork , the banks and politicians who curry their favor are already trying to stop this fee from going into effect .
The very same firms reaping billions of dollars in profits , and reportedly handing out more money in bonuses and compensation than ever before in history , are now pleading poverty .
It ’s a sight to see .
“ Those who oppose this fee say the banks ca n’t afford to pay back the American people without passing on the costs to their shareholders and customers .
But that ’s hard to believe when there are reports that Wall Street is going to hand out more money in bonuses and compensation just this year than the cost of this fee over the next ten years .
If the big financial firms can afford massive bonuses , they can afford to pay back the American people .
“ Those who oppose this fee have also had the audacity to suggest that it is somehow unfair .
That because these firms have already returned what they borrowed directly , their obligation is fulfilled .
But this willfully ignores the fact that the entire industry benefited not only from the bailout , but from the assistance extended to AIG and homeowners , and from the many unprecedented emergency actions taken by the Federal Reserve , the FDIC , and others to prevent a financial collapse .
And it ignores a far greater unfairness : sticking the American taxpayer with the bill .
“ That is unacceptable to me , and to the American people .
We ’re not going to let Wall Street take the money and run .
We ’re going to pass this fee into law .
And I ’m going to continue to work with Congress on common - sense financial reforms to protect people and the economy from the kind of costly and painful crisis we ’ve just been through .
Because after a very tough two years , after a crisis that has caused so much havoc , if there is one lesson that we can learn , it ’s this : we can not return to business as usual . ”
I have a suggestion for the WH speechwriters working on the SOTU : “ There are those who say we ca n’t possibly ask anything of the very financial institutions that brought us to the brink of collapse .
But I ’ve got news for them , too : Yes .
We. Can . ”
Food Fight
One of the lesser known , but no less bitterly contested , fronts in the Arab - Israeli conflict is the setting of records — in particular , food records .
Back in 2006 , Nasser Abdulhadi , a Palestinian hotelier and restaurateur from the West Bank town of Nablus , gained his troubled nation a new kind of notoriety when he whipped up the world ’s largest salad : a 2,383 - pound vat of tabbouleh , the tangy Middle Eastern mixture of cracked wheat and parsley .
Not to be outdone by its political rivals , in 2007 the Israel farming community of Sde Warburg snatched away the salad record , which had fallen in the meantime to a couple of other countries , by producing a lettuce salad nearly 10 times as large as Abdulhadi ’s tabbouleh .
The record still stands to this day .
Then last year , Lebanon — in a propaganda ploy to reclaim what it says is its national cuisine — launched a food blitzkrieg , cooking up not just a mound of tabbouleh weighing in at 3.5 metric tons , but also a 215 - square - foot tray of minced - meat - and - cracked - wheat kibbe and a 4,532 - pound plate of hummus , the chickpea paste that is a Middle Eastern staple .
The Lebanese also turned to the courts in an effort to defeat Israel .
In October 2008 , Fadi Abboud , president of the Association of Lebanese Industrialists , announced that Lebanon would file an international lawsuit against Israel for violating its food copyright .
By marketing Lebanese national dishes such as hummus and tabbouleh as its own , Abboud claimed , Israel was costing Lebanon tens of millions of dollars per year .
He stated that Lebanon ’s case would rely on the " feta cheese precedent , " whereby a European court granted Greece the sole right to use " feta " in the name of the cheese it produced .
Nevertheless , the hummus record Lebanon set in 2009 lasted less than three months : On Jan. 8 , Israel , which had set the previous record with a measly 900 pounds or so , hit back by getting a crack team of Arab chefs to mix up more than double the Lebanese portion .
Meanwhile , Abdulhadi was determined to win back the laurels — not just for Palestine but also for himself , ever since a compatriot in Nablus last year baked the world ’s largest knafeh , 243 feet of pastry made from goat ’s cheese and syrup .
And just to ensure that he would not be trumped so easily , he asked Guinness World Records , the British publisher of the almanac of amazing achievements , to judge three new records : the biggest mujadara , a dish of rice and lentils ; the largest performance of the dabke , a group folk dance ; and the " longest existing occupation , " Israel ’s 42 - year - old control of the West Bank and Gaza .
The publisher consented to weigh Abdulhadi ’s lentils and count his dancers , but it sent a form letter declining on the occupation .
" We do not accept proactive applications for these records , " it stated .
Damian Field , a spokesman for the organization , explained in an email that people cannot apply to have records of a " political nature " recognized and that the company hires " specialised consultants [ to ] research these types of categories for us . "
Abdulhadi , unfortunately , misread " proactive " as " provocative " and concluded that Guinness World Records was exercising political censorship .
Incensed , he sent an email to friends and supporters .
" I was angered , " he wrote .
" Since when is it a provocation to be occupied ?? ? "
What really stung was that the form letter , designed to prevent the company from being implicated in every act of reckless record - breaking on the planet , contained some unintentionally apt , if not very useful , advice .
" As your record application has not been accepted , " it reads , " Guinness World Records is in no way associated with the activity relating to your record proposal and we in no way endorse this activity .
If you choose to proceed with this activity then this will be of your own volition and at your own risk . "
Abdulhadi still hopes that his mammoth mujadara will take its place in the record book alongside the humongous hummus and titanic tabbouleh , and he plans to pursue the dabke , if he can find space in crowded Nablus for 15,000 people to dance at once .
The occupation , however , will have to continue breaking records without any help from him — a feat it seems perfectly capable of accomplishing .
VA Loan
A VA mortgage loan ( also known as a Veterans Administration home loan ) is one of the useful military benefits .
If you qualify for a VA Loan , you can buy a home or build the home of your dreams .
You can also cash our refinance or refinance an existing mortgage , with as little as zero down , better than current rates , and financing up to $ 510,400 ( 2020 limit ) – higher limits if you live in certain high - cost areas like New York City and other high cost areas nationally .
Another benefit is that there is no PMI ( Private Mortgage Insurance , the monthly insurance fee charged to protect the bank until you reach at least 20 percent equity ) required by other FHA and conventional loans .
For most of our service - members and veterans who do qualify , a VA loan is one of their most valuable benefits over other , traditional mortgage loan types .
Qualify Here :
Support Adnan and Emin posts details of two demonstrations scheduled to take place outside the Embassies of the Republic of Azerbaijan in Paris , France , and London , England , in support of imprisoned video blogging youth activists Adnan Hajizade and Emin Milli .
The two men were detained last summer and sentenced to 2 and 2.5 years in prison in what most observers consider to be a politically motivated trial .
The Presidency of the European Union , Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe ( PACE ) , Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , Human Rights Watch and Reporters Without Borders have condemned the verdict .
Amnesty International has declared both men to be prisoners of conscience .
Both demonstrations will take place on 22 January and are a continuation of those held last year .
In Paris , the protest action will start at 3 pm .
A 15 heures , le 22 janvier 2010 , Paris participera à une série de manifestations organisées à travers le monde pour la libération des “ donkey blogueurs ” Adnan Hadjizadeh et Emin Milli .
Les deux jeunes vidéoblogueurs ont été condamnés , le 11 novembre 2010 , par le Tribunal du district de Sabayil à Bakou , à deux ans et demi ( Emin ) et deux ans ( Adnan ) d'emprisonnement ferme pour prétendu hooliganisme .
Les blogueurs ont fait appel de ce jugement .
L'audience en appel aura également lieu vendredi prochain , 22 janvier 2010 .
Tandis que les supporters d'Adnan et Emin assisteront au procès à Bakou , nous nous réunirons à Paris devant l'ambassade d'Azerbaidjan , 78 avenue d'Iena à Paris ( 16ème ) Rejoignez - nous en face de l'ambassade pour protester contre l’ emprisonnement arbitraire des blogueurs et appelons à leur libération immédiate .
Invitez tous vos amis .
Allons faire du bruit pour Adnan , Emin et tous ceux qui ont été punis pour avoir filmé et raconté l'injustice en Azerbaïdjan .
Meanwhile , the London demonstration will take place at 1 pm .
On January 22nd , London will be part of a series of protests across the world calling for the freedom of the “ Donkey Bloggers ” Join us outside the Azerbaijan Embassy to protest against the unlawful imprisonment of Adnan Hajizade and Emin Milli , and call for their immediate release .
So don your best donkey suit and invite all your friends , and let 's make some noise for Adnan , Emin , and countless other unjustly imprisoned activists in Azerbaijan .
Background to the case can be found in Global Voices Online 's Caucasus 2009 Blog Review and on Threatened Voices .
At the beautiful papal residence overlooking Lake Albano outside Rome , a sound would occasionally emanate from the Pope 's private chamber .
It was John Paul II , flagellating himself .
'' Several times he would put himself through bodily penance , '' said a Polish nun , Tobiana Sobodka , who worked in the Pope 's Vatican apartments and summer residence .
'' You could hear the sound of the blows when he flagellated himself . ''
Monsignor Slawomir Oder , the Vatican '' postulator ' ' in charge of John Paul II 's canonisation process , confirmed that testimony this week , saying the Polish - born Pope would whip himself as a bishop in Krakow and continued after being elected pope in 1978 .
'' In his wardrobe , among his vestments , there hung on a clothes hanger a special belt for trousers , which he used as a whip , '' said Monsignor Oder , describing self - flagellation as '' an instrument of Christian perfection ' ' to emulate the sufferings of Jesus Christ .
There are references to self - flagellation in the scriptures ; many scholars interpret St Paul 's words '' I chastise my body ' ' as the earliest reference to the custom .
He only appeared in 2 races for Toyota last year , deputising for the injured Timo Glock , but I became an instant fan of Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi and really hoped he would get a drive for 2010 .
Even when Toyota pulled out of the sport , I felt that he had shown enough potential that at least one team , if only one of the new expansion teams , would offer him a drive .
The BMW Sauber F1 team , taking over the BMW team , have thankfully offered him a drive and will use Ferrari engines .
As of 8th January , although the BMW Sauber team has been assured of a place on the 2010 grid , they are yet to be officially confirmed on the FIA ’s entry list .
Nevertheless , their entry is expected and they have announced they will unveil their new car in Valencia on January 31st just before the first official 3 - day test of 2010 gets underway .
Kobayashi’s brief appearance at the grand prix of Brazil and Abu Dhabi last year revealed a great deal about the driving and racing ability of this relatively unknown driver .
His debut into Formula 1 came at Brazil , a track he was unfamiliar with and qualified in the pouring rain in a respectable 11th , especially as he had very few practice laps before hand .
It was in the race that he showed that he was a driver that was not in awe of established drivers .
He notoriously battled Jenson Button and aggressively defended his position before eventually the future champion managed to squeeze by .
Kobayashi also had a fierce and almost kamikaze battle with his countryman , Nakajima , which did not end well for the latter who ended up crashing out and Kobayashi went on to finish 9th just outside the points .
Although that day was all about Button finally clinching the 2009 F1 crown , many people were talking about the driving of Kobayashi .
Everyone thought he was quick , but many said he was too reckless and dangerous and that he could not continue to drive like that in formula one .
Even Jenson , when talking about his amazing race that day , said that Kobayashi was “ crazy ” .
He was definitely fearless and determined and maybe just over the line of recklessness , but then you want to see that in a F1 driver do n’t you ?
The likes of Schumacher and Senna were also criticised in a similar way .
The following race at Abu Dhabi , a new track to all drivers , saw Kobayashi drive a mature race to finish 6th , ahead of his far more experienced teammate Trulli .
He also overtook Jenson Button and drove at a quick and respectable pace throughout and very much looked like a F1 driver who needed a confirmed drive for next season .
So what else do we know about Kobayashi ?
According to his website , Kobayashi began his racing career in 1996 at the age of 9 and finished 3rd in his first season of Karting in the SL Takarazuka Tournament Cadet Class and in the following 7 years he won 4 karting titles .
In 2004 he signed up with the Toyota Drivers Academy and raced in Formula Renault , both in the German series and in Italy where he was 7th overall in his first season .
The following year , he finished 1st in Italian Formula Renault and Formula Renault Eurocup ( all with the Prema Powerteam ) .
He moved up to Formula 3 in 2006 & 2007 ( Euroseries ) and finished 8th overall and then 4th a year later .
2008 saw him graduate to GP2 in the Asia Series and in the main GP2 Series as well as becoming a Toyota F1 Test Driver .
He finished 1st overall in his second season of GP2 Asia Series but did not make much of an impression in the main GP2 Series , finishing only 16th overall in 2008 and 2009 .
I think this is what shocked people when he drove in F1 last year as they were not expecting much from him .
Looking at his GP2 results , he did not seem to fair well at street circuits such as Monaco and Valencia .
However , he did win at Bahrain ( look for him to do well at the first race of the season ) , Shanghai ( China ) , Sepang ( Malaysia ) and at the Circuit de Catalunya in Spain .
This season is going to be very intense up at the front , but I will be watching Mr Kobayashi very closely to see how he does .
Sauber has yet to announce who will be driving alongside him and they are clearly trying to get someone experienced .
They could not get Trulli but Heidfeld would also be desirable , however , he could be too expensive .
To help Kobayashi ’s first full season in F1 it would help him to have an experienced driver with him who knows how to set up and develop a car .
If that does happen then I can very much see Kobayashi becoming part of the usual suspects in F1 !
( sorry , could n’t resist it )
— — — — — — — — — — — —— —— ——
Jake McMillan
The muscular giants of the technology industry often seem to be one step ahead of antitrust regulators , who must rely on century - old laws and slow - moving courts .
Technology markets , by contrast , operate according to the hurry - up clock of the Internet age .
The Federal Trade Commission , one of two main agencies that enforce the antitrust laws in the United States , is trying to pick up the pace  and look to the future .
In an unusual complaint filed Wednesday against Intel , the world ’s largest chip maker , the F.T.C. said it wanted to address anticompetitive abuses not only in the past and present , but also down the road .
Armed with a hybrid law that spans consumer protection and antitrust concerns , the agency said it was seeking to prevent Intel from using its dominance in the market for microprocessors , the main control chips in personal computers , to squelch competition in video graphics chips .
The graphics - chip market is currently quite competitive , with Intel facing off against Nvidia and Advanced Micro Devices .
My kids ' grand - father sent them back home from Christmas break armed with 15 pounds of bacon .
This is the most bacon I 've seen in one location ... possibly ever .
I put the majority of it in the freezer in separate bags , and have been cooking bacon way more than normal .
Other than crumbling them in salad or putting some strips on a sandwich , what am I supposed to do with this much bacon ?
What am I supposed to do with 15 pounds of bacon ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A panel probing fraud claims in the Afghan election has found Hamid Karzai did not gain enough valid votes for an outright win , the BBC understands .
Preliminary results from August 's first round had placed Mr Karzai comfortably over the 50 % plus one vote threshold needed to avoid a run-off .
But one poll monitoring group estimates that almost one million of Mr Karzai 's votes have now been deemed invalid .
Poll rules say Mr Karzai must now face a run -off against his nearest rival .
In Washington , the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she expected Mr Karzai to announce on Tuesday how he would " set the stage " to resolve the country 's political crisis .
" I am very hopeful that we will see a resolution in line with the constitutional order in the next several days , " Mrs Clinton said .
ANALYSIS Lyse Doucet , BBC News , Kabul
When this tangled process began , the ECC , the only electoral body composed of Afghan and foreign representation , was regarded as the " final arbiter " .
The IEC 's role was to ratify and announce the results .
The IEC is accused by many of being too close to a president who appointed all its commissioners .
It now says it needs " a day or two " to examine the details of the ECC report .
One source warned of a possible " train crash " .
Others are still hoping a compromise can emerge at this critical 11th hour .
President Karzai has repeatedly warned foreign countries not to interfere in the election process .
Sources say he firmly believes Western countries , in particular the United States and Britain , are conspiring to rob him of victory .
Endgame for Afghan elections ?
She added that she was " encouraged at the direction the situation is moving " .
In its much - anticipated report on Monday , the UN - backed Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) deducted hundreds of thousands of votes from the main candidates .
Its investigation focused on 600 of the most serious complaints , and a sample audit of suspect votes at 3,377 polling stations .
At 210 polling stations all the ballots were invalidated .
The panel said it had found " clear and convincing evidence of fraud " at the polling stations , which were across the country .
Initial results released last month had given him nearly 55 % of votes , with former foreign minister Mr Abdullah on 28 % .
The Afghan president has insisted he won the election outright , but EU observers have said as many as one in four votes cast were suspicious .
According to Democracy International , a US group involved in monitoring the Afghan election , Mr Karzai 's share of the vote has now fallen to just over 48 % .
The group says its own calculations - based on their understanding of the workings of the ECC - now give Mr Karzai 48.29 % of the overall vote and Abdullah Abdullah 31.5 % .
The US and the UK both really want Hamid Karzai to establish a more broadly based government , by including his rival Abdullah Abdullah
Mark Mardell , BBC North America editor
Read Mark 's thoughts in full Although there has been no official reaction from Mr Karzai to the vote probe , he told the UN secretary general he would " fully respect the constitutional order " , according to a UN spokeswoman quoted by AFP .
The BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul says the Afghan leader believes an election victory has been stolen from him and he is threatening to block attempts to hold any second round .
But Washington - which has been debating a request for 40,000 more US troops to be sent to Afghanistan - warned at the weekend no more soldiers would be deployed until a political resolution was reached .
A spokesman for the UN in Afghanistan , Aleem Siddique , said on Monday they now expected the IEC to " swiftly " announce either final results or a runoff .
AFGHAN ELECTION BODIES
Election Commission Constitutional body appointed by Afghan president to oversee polls Registers voters , runs polling stations , issues results Accountable to Afghan parliament and people Electoral Complaints Commission Independent panel , two of its five members are Afghans Investigates allegations of fraud and passes findings to IEC Reports to IEC but law states IEC must accept ECC findings
Q&A : Afghan election Afghan poll : Possible outcomes
In the last few days Western leaders and diplomats have engaged in a rapid round of diplomacy to get Mr Karzai to accept the election results .
But our correspondent says that for now that pressure does not seem to have worked .
The ECC launched its investigation in the wake of the 20 August vote as allegations of mass fraud began to emerge .
The panel reports to the Independent Election Commission ( IEC ) , which will make the final announcement on the election outcome .
The IEC is widely regarded as pro-Karzai , but it is legally bound to accept the ECC 's findings .
Ex-foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah is Hamid Karzai's nearest rival However , the Canadian head of the ECC , Grant Kippen , told the BBC on Monday his panel 's investigation " met international standards and was open , thorough and transparent " .
Diplomats have accused the IEC of stalling to give the president more time to reach a deal with Mr Abdullah , possibly on power - sharing to avoid a run-off .
Even if a second round is required , many analysts have said Mr Karzai , a Pashtun from the country 's largest ethnic group , would probably still win .
With violence at its worst levels across Afghanistan since the Taliban were ousted in 2001 , there are warnings the ongoing political paralysis will only embolden the militants .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you want to see who the real corporatists are then wait until they are put to the test over the Citizen 's United ruling .
Conservatives have been trying to destroy any type of campaign finance reforms and what this ruling means is that corporations will be allowed to blackmail any candidate just by threatening to spend gobs of money against them if they vote the wrong way .
Alan Grayson 's petition says it all .
At any moment , the Supreme Court will announce whether it will allow corporations to spend unlimited funds on political campaigns .
Sign my petition to the Supreme Court now , and tell them to keep unlimited corporate spending out of our federal elections .
PETITION TEXT
Unlimited corporate spending on campaigns means the government is up for sale and that the law itself will be bought and sold .
It would be political bribery on the largest scale imaginable .
This issue transcends partisan political arguments .
We cannot have a government that is bought and paid for by huge multinational corporations .
You must stop this .
Pretty interesting , do n't you think ?
An entire media mythology has grown up around the noble missionary who carried her child to term against a doctor 's advice , and the child grows up to become a devout Christian and football star .
Or maybe not :
As Joe Jervis points out , we ’ve been hearing the propaganda for weeks now about how Tim Tebow ’s mother was confronted with a difficult pregnancy , encouraged to have an abortion , and made the heroic and courageous choice to carry the pregnancy to term , so that her son Tim would one day sport Bible verses in his eyeblack and have a really hard time at NFL tryouts .
As you all know , the propaganda has become even fiercer as Focus on the Family has spent $ 2.5 million on an anti-choice ad to be aired during the Super Bowl featuring Tebow ’s story .
Yeah , well , Gloria Allred begs to differ :
In her exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com , Allred slams the ad and CBS ’s decision to air it , pointing out factual inconsistencies with Pam ’s story .
One glaring one is the fact that the act of abortion is totally illegal in the majority Catholic country of the Philippines – under all circumstances including rape and incest , and even without a provision in the circumstance that the mother ’s life is in danger .
The law has been in effect since 1930 .
Allred says she believes it an impossible scenario to believe that [ Filipino ] doctors would [ have ] ever suggested abortion as a viable option for Tebow in the first place .
And when you learn that physicians and midwives who perform abortions in the Philippines face six years in prison , and may have their licenses suspended or revoked , and that women who receive abortions – no matter the reason – may be punished with imprisonment for two to six years , it ’s easy to see why .
Gloria Allred is threatening to sue CBS if they run the Tebow ad , saying if the ad fails to disclose that abortions were illegal at the time Tebow made her “ choice ” , " I intend to file a formal complaint of misleading advertising with those federal commissions . ”
From Erickson 's diary :
Here is what I ’m being told if any of you want to go by tomorrow and laugh : Organizers are asking for volunteers to be at the IBEW address before 9 am to hear from Coakley and Vicki Kennedy tomorrow morning ...
He then proceeds to list the various headquarters and meeting times .
It 's pretty clear why he would do that , and it's not so all the redstaters can go " laugh " or volunteer to help Coakley GOTV .
The redstate denizens are taking the hint , and in the comments make various suggestions to show up and disrupt the phone banks .
A couple of examples :
Jot down there callback number … put it on autodial …
Reminisce about “ the good old days ” …
Ask about their grandkids and family and ask if they ’re voting for coakley … are any of them in the military ?
Why not ?
What ’s wrong with that …
when they eventually hang up start calling them back on autodial to talk …
Anyone have access to any robocall setups ?
just a thought …
Off to conventionland again in AM …
Good luck up North next Tuesday - do n’t forget to be ready to call shenanigans etc ...
and
Post callers numbers so we all can call them back .
We can tie them up more !
Anybody need any more evidence of why we need to be getting out the vote for Coakley ?
If you have n't made calls for Coakley , yet , do it today :
Call For Coakley
If you have n't donated to the campaign , do it today :
Donate For Coakley
Just one of the boys : Red Arrows display team unveils its first ever woman pilot
She is the first woman to join the Red Arrows in its 45 - year history .
And now , after five weeks of training , Flight Lieutenant Kirsty Moore can proudly boast she 's the fastest redhead in the sky .
The 32 - year - old spoke of her pride for the first time yesterday since joining the prestigious display team , which puts on between 80 and 90 shows across the world every year .
Flight Lieutenant Kirsty Moore , the first woman pilot to join the Red Arrows , smiles at RAF Scampton , Lincolnshire , this afternoon
Team effort : Flt Lt Moore 's plane , circled , takes to the skies above Lincolnshire for an exercise
' It was one of the best days of my life when I was told that I had been selected to join the team , ' she said .
' I love the fact I 'm the first girl - but then somebody was going to do it sooner or later . '
Asked about her fellow Red Arrows at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire , she said : ' It 's all good fun .
' But there 're no jokes about me being a girl .
They 're a lot cleverer than that .'
Flight Lieutenant Moore revealed how her high - flying achievements have come at the expense of her private life .
Despite marrying fellow RAF fast jet pilot Nicky Moore , 34 , nearly five years ago , she revealed the pair have never been able to live under the same roof .
High - flier : Kirsty Moore with the Red 3 display plane
What goes up :
The Red Arrows go through their paces with Flt Lt Moore taking up her place in the formation second from the right in both pictures
Flight Lieutenant Kirsty
Moore signals from the cockpit of her aircraft
Flight Lieutenant Moore , who met her husband , an instructor at RAF Valley in Anglesey , Wales , during pilot training , said : ' We 've always been based at opposite sides of the country .
' I have a three - and - a - half hour drive to see him at weekends .
' But we almost have a better relationship because of it .
We make sure that we have a good time rather than worrying about trivial things .
' We have to value the time that we have together .
There 's no rivalry between us .
We respect each other .'
Flight Lieutenant Moore will begin flying with the nine - member Red Arrows as Red 3 next year for a three - year stint .
Head girl : ( From the left ) Flt Lt Ben Plank , Flight Lieutenant Kirsty Moore , Flt Lt Zane Sennett , Sqn Ldr Ben Murphy and Flt Lt Dave Davies ( hidden )
Flight Lieutenant Moore and her squadron train in their Hawk aircraft at the Royal Air Force base at Scampton
Centre of attention : Flt Lt Kirsty
Moore speaks to the media in front of a Hawk aircraft at RAF Scampton
She will also don the team 's distinctive red flying overalls in 2012 as part of a display for the London Olympics ' opening ceremony .
The fast jet pilot also revealed how she was inspired to join the RAF by her father , Squadron Leader Robbie Stewart , who served as a Tornado navigator .
' Dad is amazingly proud of me , ' she said .
' So is my mum .
They live near the base and sometimes pop outside to watch us practising .'
Earlier this year , Flight Lieutenant Moore beat more than 30 male applicants to win a place with the Red Arrows , along with Flight Lieutenant Ben Plank , 34 .
Although she is not the first woman to apply to join the team , she is the only one to make it through the rigorous selection process .
Chocks away : Flt Lt Moore climbs out of her Hawk aircraft as an RAF ground crewman looks on
Flt Lt Moore said she had been subject to some banter from her male colleagues but was not aware of any jokes about women drivers going around
All applicants to the Red Arrows must have ' above average ' flying skills , a minimum of 1,500 hours in the cockpit and at least one frontline operational tour in fast jets .
Squadron Leader Ben Murphy said : ' Kirsty is a classic example of how far you can get .
She is an ambassador to other girls to be fast jet pilots .
' It is a milestone for the Red Arrows but , that said , we do have female aircrew in all our squadrons and this is a great way of getting the message across to women thinking of joining the Red Arrows .
' She is very calm under pressure but Red Arrow pilots also have to be able to do the job on the ground as well as the flying job and she has a very calm and level - headed approach . '
Sqn Ldr Murphy , who takes over as Red One this year - the leader of the nine - man team - said Flt Lt Moore was picked for her calm personality as well as her skills as a pilot
leading edge :
The first woman pilot to join the Red Arrows Kirsty Moore stands by her Hawk aircraft
The Red Arrows go through one of their aerobatic displays as Flight Lieutenant Kirsty Moore takes to the air for the media
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Cape Wind , the hotly contested proposed offshore wind farm in Massachusetts ’
Nantucket Sound , suffered a major setback on Monday when the National Park Service ( NPS ) announced that the site should be eligible for protection as a historical place .
While the decision is being touted as a victory for two Massachusetts Native American tribes , the big winners may well be the dirty energy interests that have been working for nearly a decade to block the project .
The determination that the Nantucket Sound is eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places , which Andy Kroll wrote about over on Blue Marble , is only the latest setback for the proposed 24 - square - mile , 130 - turbine wind farm that would be the first offshore project in the US .
The New York Times gave a good rundown on this latest roadblock , which was spurred by a request from two local tribes that claim the turbines would impede their religious practice by blocking the view of the sunrise and intrude on historic burial grounds .
But what the Times fails to mention is that the bulk of the opposition to Cape Wind over the years has come from a multimillion - dollar campaign backed by oil and gas money — not Native Americans trying to protect territory they regard as sacred .
At the forefront of the effort has been William Koch , who alone has spent more than a million to oppose the farm via a group called the Alliance to Protect Nantucket Sound .
Koch is the founder and president of the Oxbow Group , and has made his fortune off mining and marketing coal , natural gas , petroleum , and petroleum coke products .
He ’s the son of Fred Koch , founder of oil and gas giant Koch Industries , and brother of David and Charles Koch — who have supported conservative groups like Citizens for a Sound Economy ( which later merged with another group to form FreedomWorks ) and Americans for Prosperity , which has campaigned against both climate legislation and health care reform .
Bill Koch used to work for the family business , but split off in the early ’ 80s , prompting a nasty feud with his brothers business that dragged on for nearly two decades .
In that time , however , he built a dirty energy empire all his own , which has helped fund his Cape Wind crusade .
The Alliance was founded in 2001 with the sole purpose of defeating the wind farm .
Koch , a billionaire fossil - fuel tycoon and yacht enthusiast , has given at least $ 1.5 million to the Alliance and related efforts to defeat the project ( as of 2006 , that is — how much he ’s given since then is unknown ) , which would be visible from his home in the Cape Cod town of Osterville .
Doug Yearley , the former CEO of mining giant Phelps Dodge and a member of Marathon Oil ’s board of directors , was also highly involved in the Alliance up until his death in 2007 .
Koch and his wealthy friends in the area are responsible for more than 90 percent of the contributions to the Alliance , and fundraising documents released in 2006 showed that those major donors gave between $ 20,000 and $ 1 million each .
In just the last three years the Alliance has brought in $ 8.6 million , according to its IRS forms .
It has spent $ 2 to $ 3 million a year to fight Cape Wind .
In a 2008 fundraising letter to its wealthy supporters , the Alliance promised that it “ will do what whatever it takes to win .
We will never allow Cape Wind to become a reality . ”
Despite all the income from well - heeled dirty energy interests like Koch and Yearley , the Alliance describes itself on its tax forms as a “ nonprofit environmental organization . ”
Though they have different stated concerns , Koch , the Alliance , and the tribes have united in opposition to Cape Wind .
Yet both Audra Parker , president of the Alliance , and representatives of the tribes deny that they are mounting a coordinated campaign .
Parker called the idea of them working together “ media spin . ”
“ We share a common goal , raising the same issues , ” she said .
“ I do n’t know if you can say we ’re working together , but we share a common goal and are trying to make something out of it . ”
“ The tribe does not work with the Alliance , ” Chuckie Green , tribal historic preservation authority and assistant natural resources director for the Mashpee Wampanoag tribe , told Mother Jones .
“ The tribe has no connection , except for the fact that we ’re two groups going in the same direction .
They ’re for different reasons . ”
Yet there ’s evidence to suggest the Alliance and the tribes are working more closely together than Green or Parker acknowledge .
For instance , the tribes used Alliance letterhead to send at least one letter to the state historic preservation officer in Massachusetts .
And the Alliance was clearly enthused to have the tribes step up with the historical preservation claim ; Parker said it “ would be great news ” if their claim for historic preservation was what finally killed the project altogether .
The tribes surely have perfectly sound reasons of their own for opposing the project .
“ We are hoping … that we can protect the sound and our religious right to worship the rising sun and be able to pass that tradition on to our grandchildren , ” Green said .
“ The government has not honored many of the things it has promised to the Native American people …
All we have is the process , and all we ’ve asked for is due process . ”
That ’s clearly a consideration for the Department of Interior , which oversees NPS .
To that end , the Interior Department recently issued a new tribal consultation policy , a long overdue effort to improve the agency ’s relationship with tribes .
But in the case of this particular decision on Cape Wind , granting this level of preservation to an entire body of water could be a bad omen for all future offshore wind development .
Barring development here , Cape Wind president Jim Gordon told Mother Jones recently , “ would have a chilling effect on what could possibly be one of the most promising sources for energy independence and creating a new green economy . ”
Gordon envisions wind as a major source of power going forward — and his Cape Wind project as one of the pioneers .
Gordon ticks off the problems facing the region , like eroding beaches , an acidifying ocean , and the decline of Cape Cod ’s namesake fish .
His project , he says , should be seen as part of the solution for all those problems .
“ Cape Wind is really about trying to contribute to these energy , environmental , and economic challenges that this region faces , ” said Gordon .
As Gordon notes , the delay on the project has come from a relatively small number of people opposing it .
Meanwhile , it has the support of Gov. Deval Patrick , along with the majority of state residents , the state legislature , and the state ’s congressional delegation .
“ How can such a small opposition group hold up America ’s energy future ? ” asked Gordon .
The NPS decision is n’t the final nail in the coffin for Cape Wind .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has said that the tribes and Gordon have until March 1 to reach a compromise .
But it is another hurdle for a project that proponents say could herald a renewable energy future .
Nursery Furniture Store
We ’ll be back soon !
Sorry for the inconvenience but we are performing some maintenance at the moment .
For all of your nursery furniture needs , you can always visit our sister site
You will be redirected automatically in a 5 seconds .
Billboard reports that Vampire Weekend 's Best New Music album Contra has sold 124,000 copies in its first week , making it the highest selling album in the country .
Contra debuts at number one on the Billboard 200 today , beating out the likes of Susan Boyle ( number two ) , Lady Gaga ( number four ) , Taylor Swift ( number eight ) , and the Black Eyed Peas ( number ten ) .
According to Billboard , Contra , which was released by XL , is only the 12th independently distributed title to hit number one since 1991 , when SoundScan started tracking sales .
Say hello to Goojje , a Chinese search engine that looks remarkably like one we 've seen before .
It launched on January 14 , and yes , it 's filtered for less flavor .
Advertisement
The way the name works is this : Jie Jie ( Goojje ) is mandarin for sister , while " ge ge " ( Google ) means big brother ( er , should n't that be the other way round ? )
The Web Monster ( ie , the real one ) is being exhorted to stay by its sino - doppelganger , with a message on Goojje that reads , " Sister was very happy when brother gave up the thought of leaving and stayed for sister . "
The figure behind Goojje is said to be a female student from Guangdong , who 's been calling for help developing the search engine - translated , I guess that means it 's open source .
[ Shanghaiist and BBC News ]
Britain is reviewing procedures for issuing arrest warrants in war crimes cases after a diplomatic row with Israel over allegations against its former foreign minister .
David Miliband , the foreign secretary , said tonight the government was " looking urgently " at ways the legal system might be changed following action against Tzipi Livni , Israel 's opposition leader , over her role in the Gaza war .
The dispute erupted after Westminster magistrates court in London issued an unprecedented arrest warrant for Livni on Sunday – a move described by Binyamin Netanyahu , Israel 's prime minister , as an " absurdity . "
Miliband said Israeli leaders " must be able to visit and have a proper dialogue with the British government . "
Ron Prosor , Israel 's ambassador to Britain , said after talks with Miliband : " The British government must take a firm stand to prevent British courts becoming a playground for anti-Israel extremists .
" The current situation is absurd and unacceptable in equal measure .
Israelis cannot continually be held hostage by fringe groups of anti-Israel extremists , preventing politicians , businessmen and officers from visiting the UK . "
The warrant for Livni 's arrest was withdrawn amid embarrassment in the Foreign Office when it was discovered that she was not in the UK .
But the fact that it was issued in error – at the request of lawyers acting for Palestinian victims of the Gaza war – did nothing to quell Israeli anger .
The Israeli foreign ministry condemned what it called it a " cynical " move .
Livni had been due to attend a conference in London , but her office said she had cancelled two weeks ago .
Palestinian sources claimed to have seen her at the event and alerted the lawyers .
Palestinians and an Israeli human rights organisation say about 1,400 people , mostly civilians , were killed in the Gaza offensive .
Israel counted 1,166 Palestinians dead and said most were combatants .
Israel says it acted in self - defence against Hamas rockets from Gaza .
Thirteen Israelis died .
Miliband said in his statement : " The procedure by which arrest warrants can be sought and issued without any prior knowledge or advice by a prosecutor is an unusual feature of the system in England and Wales .
The government is looking urgently at ways in which the UK system might be changed in order to avoid this sort of situation arising again . "
Earlier , Britain 's ambassador to Israel , Tom Phillips , was summoned to the foreign ministry in Jerusalem , and told Israeli officials would not visit the UK until the matter was resolved .
Britain 's ability to play a role in the Middle East peace process had been damaged , Israel said .
Livni said today : " I have no problem with the world wanting to judge Israel .
A problem arises the moment [ Israeli Defence Forces ] soldiers are compared to terrorists . "
In September , pro-Palestinian lawyers tried to invoke " universal jurisdiction " to arrest Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister .
His status as a cabinet minister gave him diplomatic immunity which Livni , a former minister , did not have .
In 2005 , a retired general , Doron Almog , returned to Israel without leaving his plane at Heathrow after a tip - off that police planned to arrest him in connection with the bombing of a building in Gaza in which 14 people were killed .
Καλω σήλθατε στο siteseeing .gr
Στην ιστο σ ελίδα μα ς μπορείτε να β ρείτε χωρισ μένα σε κατηγορίε ς τα καλύτερα Ελληνικά e-shops .
Ελπίζο υ με να σα ς είμα σ τε χρήσιμοι καθώς όλοι αναζητο ύμε ευκαιρίες , εκπ τώ σεις , προ σ φορές , εκπτωτικά κο υπόνια και όποια άλλη ενέργεια θα βοηθ ή σ ει σ την εξοικον όμησ η χρημάτων και χ ρόνο υ .
Τι κάνει για εσάς το siteseeing .
gr
Το siteseeing .
gr σα ς δίνει τη δυνατ ότητα όχι μόνο να β ρείτε σ υγ κ εν τρ ωμένα όλα τα γν ωστά Ελληνικά ηλεκτρονικά κα τα σ τήματα αλλά και να πληροφορε ί σ τε για τις προ σ φορέ ς των επι χ ε ι ρήσ ε ων σε προϊόντα και υ πη ρεσ ίε ς και να αντλείτε πληροφορίε ς για τα κατα σ τήματα που σ α ς ενδιαφέ ρουν .
Δείτε τα κατα στήματα σε αυτή τη σ ελίδα
Margaret , Chapter One of Going Rogue by Sarah Palin ends on page 62 .
That ’s about 61 pages after it should have ended .
It has approximately 19,500 words to it , but not one of them was worth reading .
It ’s all pure crap .
If this chapter is any indication of what ’s ahead , then it appears Mrs. Palin plans to spend the rest of her life getting even with the world by rewriting history .
The very first page of the book is a map of the globe as seen from the North Pole – I guess to emphasize the proximity of Alaska to Russia .
Honestly honey , when is she going to learn that dog do n’t hunt ?
Her defending us from Russia would be about as effective as Todd Palin ’s preferred brand of condoms .
Oh yes – Track arrived not quite 8 months after they sprinted to the courthouse to elope .
I guess Sarah ’s ghost writer did n’t think anyone who reads this book could count .
And oh my but did she love to read .
All her life all she ever did was read , read , read .
Too bad somewhere along the way she did n’t learn to write .
And that college thing …
Well , it seems that it took so many years and so many different colleges to get a degree because she had to work so much .
And by work , she means entering beauty pageants and sleeping with Todd .
She finds a way to reference Ronald Reagan as early as page three in this chapter – which is supposedly about her childhood – and then mentions him again about a dozen more times before the chapter ends .
Even her Grandpa ate jelly beans and looked remarkably like Ronald Regan .
And Sarah ’s favorite words – patriotic , patriot and patriotism – populate her paragraphs like children conceived out of wedlock populate her family tree .
On page two we learn that sweet little Piper , Sarah and Todd ’s fourth child , is the poster child for the Alaska Right to Life group , but if you ask me , she should have been the poster child for the waning popularity of Jay Leno and late night television .
I guess there ’s not much to do on cold nights in Alaska except watching out for Russians and wooing Palins .
Margaret , I tried to come to this with an open mind .
Really I did , sweetheart .
I wanted to believe that there really was something of substance to someone who captured the imagination of millions .
Even Barbara Walters has Sarah on her Top 10 list for the year .
But it ’s just not there , Margaret .
Substance .
She has none .
Not even with a ghost writer .
I mean how much respect can you have for a woman who describes the birth of her first son by writing , “ Oh. My. Gosh .
I thought I was going to die …
Had any woman ever hurt this much ?
I did n’t think so . ”
Is it possible her ghost writer is a man ?
But honestly , why am I so nasty about this woman ?
First I called her a bitch and now I am suggesting her knees are together about as often has Hillary Clinton appears in public with Bill .
Look .
There I go again sounding like a dime novel .
But her entire attitude and approach to life – the sheer hypocrisy of it all – just really gets my goat .
Consider the following excerpt from the book which refers to a State Trooper who pulled her over for an illegal joy ride on a snow machine :
“ It was Christmas Day ; we were out in the middle of nowhere , a couple of kids on a snowmachine up against a big dude with a gun and a badge .
I could n’t help but wondering about his priorities , if he really did n’t have more important things to do , like catching a bad guy , or helping a poor old lady haul in her firewood for the night .
Looking back , maybe that was my first brush with the skewed priorities of government . ”
Page .
18
And that , dear Margaret , sums up my issue with Sarah Palin and so many others like her .
They are so quick to look for the “ bad guys ” in everyone else never seeing the one staring back at them in the mirror each morning .
Here ’s hoping Chapter
Two has something worth writing about because I ’ve only got a few years left on this earth and I hate that even a few hours are being wasted on this exercise in fertility .
Pun intended .
I mean it .
Really .
Twin brother pediatricians from the northern US state of Ohio face trial for allegedly using their practice to molest boys and teenagers for more than 20 years , prosecutors said on Tuesday .
Mark and Scott Blankenburg , 53 , collectively face 76 charges of engaging in sex crimes with minors at their practice in the industrial city of Hamilton , sometimes paying the victims some $ US200 ( $ A225 ) , prosecutors said .
The counts also involve drug trafficking , child pornography , bribery and money laundering .
Mark Blankenburg , whose trial opened on Tuesday , slipped money and prescription drugs to some of the patients after each episode , said Assistant Prosecutor Lance Salyers .
Some of the abuses date back to 1987 , according to authorities .
" Dr Blankenburg , for about 20 to 30 years now , has been driven by a specific sexual appetite for teenage boys , " Salyers told jurors , according to the Dayton Daily News .
Here ’s the infographic for the third episode of This American Life .
The first episode of what would become a tradition : the poultry slam .
I am having trouble expressing how awed and grateful I am to get a link from ThisAmericanLife.com – I never expected such a thing when I first posted a link to this project on my Twitter yesterday .
As I navigated to ThisAmericanLife.com I noticed “ Infographical Companions ” on the homepage and thought that somebody had beat me to the idea !
If you have any suggestions as to how things should be done around here … angles I should look at , techniques I should use , or any other suggestions , feel free to leave them in the comments .
I am using this blog to learn and I welcome any and all criticism .
I am doing my best to make something worthwhile for myself and others , so getting pointed in the right direction is helpful .
Thank you for checking out my site , I hope that you ’ll like it .
We ’ve ( mostly ) completed the major upgrade of Haskell packages on Arch Linux to use GHC 6.12 .
The summary :
We updated to GHC 6.12
Most things are working .
You ca n’t use “ yaourt ” any more — it is broken on Haskell dependencies .
There are several consequences of this upgrade for Arch Haskell users , so read on for the full stories .
Changes to GHC
Firstly , GHC has been improved in many ways :
Parallel execution performance is better ( for your multicore Haskell apps )
Dynamic linking of Haskell libraries is supported ( see this tutorial ) .
Package management is far more robust and scalable ( you ’ll see improvements in install times if you use many packages ) .
And of course , many tweaks and new features in the language and base libraries .
To upgrade we recommend you completely clean your existing Haskell Arch packages , via :
sudo pacman -c –remove ghc
to do a recursive removal of all packages , then install ghc in a clean state :
sudo pacman -S ghc
Changes to Extra / Community Packages
With the GHC 6.12 update , GHC no longer distributes a number of libraries that it used to , including :
All these packages are now in the ( Extra ) repository , and make up the bulk of the support for the Haskell platform in ( Extra ) .
You can find them with pacman .
Major Applications : xmonad , darcs , …
The major applications have all been updated , and you should have no trouble upgrading to the versions in ( Extra ) and ( Community ) .
For example , xmonad :
upgrade ghc with pacman install xmonad and xmonad - contrib with pacman
and you ’ll be good to go .
“ Provides ” packages : Do not use Yaourt !
A consequence of moving these packages out of the ghc package is that almost all Haskell packages had missing dependencies .
Previously , if a Haskell package had used say , transactional memory , it only had to depend on “ ghc ” in its specification .
That is no longer the case , and to solve this problem of dependencies moving around once and for all we have enacted the following policy for Haskell packages :
All dependencies are always listed .
GHC will use the “ provides ” fields to list the packages it exports .
We have updated all packages in AUR to list explicit dependencies .
So now you will see things like this , for the latest haddock .
Dependencies : haskell - array haskell - cabal haskell - containers haskell - directory …
So even the libraries distributed with GHC are explicitly listed .
This has major consequences for which package builder tool you use !
To build Haskell libraries and programs , the package tool must support the “ provides ” field .
yaourt does NOT support “ provides .
You need to use a different package tool
We ’ve put together a list of preferred package tools here , and I ( dons ) have switched to bauerbill , which is fast , and has full support for more complicated package specifications .
You use it exactly as for yaourt , but without the bugs :
sudo bauerbill -- no - color -- aur - S haskell - csv
The Haskell packaging tool for Arch , cabal2arch , has been fully updated to support the new “ provides ” policy , and in turn has been used to update all 1500 +
Haskell packages in AUR .
If you have any dependency resolution problems , make sure you are not using yaourt .
Version changes
We ’re moving towards full support of the next Haskell Platform release in binary form from ( Extra ) .
To get there we decided to upgrade to QuickCheck 2 .
This means that some packages that have n’t yet migrated to QuickCheck 2 will be temporarily unavailable from AUR ( including HDBC ) .
gkt2hs and wxHaskell are also not yet supporting GHC 6.12 .
They upstream maintainers are aware , and these packages will be updated once upstream is ready .
AUR Packages
AUR now carries 1500 +
Haskell packages , and all have been updated to the new provides syntax .
You can track the last known build / version status of these packages here .
Get in touch !
You can join in the community for Haskell users on Arch , via :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Thursday proposed Wall Street banks pay up to $ 117 billion to reimburse taxpayers for the financial bailout , as he slammed bankers for their “ massive profits and obscene bonuses . ”
Striking a populist tone , Obama called for a fee on the biggest U.S. banks to “ recover every single dime ” the government spent rescuing the financial sector from its worst crisis since the Great Depression .
“ My determination to achieve this goal is only heightened when I see reports of massive profits and obscene bonuses at some of the very firms who owe their continued existence to the American people , ” Obama told reporters at a White House event .
Obama and his Democratic allies in Congress are seizing on the chance to cast Wall Street as its political foil in a congressional election year when their party is worried Republicans might weaken its majority status .
Obama , who has labeled financial executives “ fat cats ” for the huge bonuses they have received , is taking an increasingly tougher line against the industry .
Democrats hope that will resonate with an American public furious at multimillion - dollar bonuses being handed out by banks as the middle - class struggles with double - digit unemployment .
The fee is also aimed at helping to reduce the ballooning U.S. budget deficit .
Democrats in Congress signaled they would quickly take up the legislation .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus praised Obama for “ working to ensure taxpayers see a return on their investment . ”
“ I remain committed to working with the president , and my colleagues across the aisle , to make sure this proposal is right , ” he said .
REPUBLICANS CRITICIZE FEE
But Republicans may try to block it .
Some of them have criticized the bank fee as a tax that would be passed on to small businesses and Americans with savings accounts .
Republican Representative Scott Garrett said the bank tax would “ further cripple the economy ” through its impact on consumers and small firms .
The aim of Obama ’s proposal is to recoup losses from the $ 700 billion rescue program of U.S. banks called the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP .
It calls for a levy of 0.15 of a percentage point on the balance sheets of companies with assets exceeding $ 50 billion .
The Obama administration expects to raise $ 90 billion over the first 10 years , and thinks this will ultimately cover all losses from TARP , although at the moment these losses are being projected at $ 117 billion .
Bank analysts at Credit Suisse said the impact would be felt heavily by Wall Street powerhouses Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley .
They saw it denting Goldman ’s earnings per share by 10 percent in 2011 and Morgan Stanley ’s by 19 percent .
U.S. bank shares ended Thursday higher , recovering from earlier slippage in the week when investors had anticipated the levy .
Obama has suffered a backlash for supporting the rescue program , which was begun in the Bush administration .
Forged after the collapse of U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers and multibillion - dollar rescue of insurance giant American International Group , TARP helped stem the crisis by injecting public capital into the biggest U.S. banks and convincing investors no others would be allowed to fail .
The administration said it was needed to avert a catastrophe in the broader economy , but it did not prevent the country from sliding into a deep recession that has pushed unemployment to a 26 - year high of 10 percent .
President Obama makes a statement at the opening session of the Forum on Modernizing Government in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , January 14 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
Wall Street has rebounded , raking in bumper profits .
This has helped many of the banks repay their financial bailout funds , freeing them of government rules on compensation and allowing them to pay out major staff bonuses .
FEW SPARED
Big financial firms consider the fee unfair because it will apply even to those companies that have already repaid the rescue funds they received as well as to firms that got no bailout money to start with .
But the White House argues that the industry as a whole benefited from the calm the rescue package brought to the markets .
Obama also said the financial industry bears responsibility for the crisis because of what he said were its reckless actions that led to the subprime mortgage meltdown .
Financial industry analysts said the fee would act as a drag on the sector , though the fact that the fee will be spread out over 10 years lessens the impact .
“ It throws some sand into the gears .
It ’s one more thing dragging on the sector , but it ’s spread over 10 years , so it ’s not so consequential .
It ’s petty theft from bank balance sheets , ” said Robert Albertson , chief strategist at Sandler O’Neill in New York .
Full details of the fee proposal will not be laid out until Obama delivers his budget for fiscal 2011 in early February , and will then be subject to shaping by Congress .
AIG will be subject to the fee , but mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which are under government conservatorship , will be excluded , as will still - ailing U.S. automakers that got bailout money .
The bank fee proposal come as Congress is weighing sweeping financial regulatory reforms in the face of stiff industry opposition .
Obama is pushing such an overhaul , but some liberal supporters of Obama have accused him of coddling Wall Street by not seek a more robust package of Wall Street reforms .
Wall Street chiefs were grilled on Wednesday at the opening hearing of a special inquiry into the 2008 financial crisis and the resulting taxpayer bailout to save their industry .
The heads of Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America faced the first public hearing of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission .
It will convene throughout the year and is expected to issue a report by December 15 .
Obama said the goal of the bank fee is “ not to punish Wall Street firms but rather to prevent the abuse and excess that nearly caused the collapse of many of these firms and the financial system itself . ”
“ We can not go back to business as usual , ” he said .
Now that the Senate has confirmed him for a second term as chairman of the Federal Reserve , Ben Bernanke has , or ought to have , a very simple agenda : improve confidence .
This is n't his job alone , of course .
President Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner are hardly bit players .
But what Bernanke does and says -- how he projects himself and the Fed -- matters a great deal , and he faces an exacting challenge .
There is a supposition among academic economists ( the tribe from which Bernanke comes ) that " economic policy " consists of making decisions about interest rates , taxes , government spending and regulations that translate , almost mechanically , into actions by firms and consumers to hire or fire , spend or save , invest or hoard .
By now , Bernanke surely recognizes that this economic model is at best a half - truth .
The famous British economist John Maynard Keynes ( 1883 -1946 ) coined the phrase " animal spirits . "
Less elegantly , we say " emotions . "
Whatever the vocabulary , the lesson is the same : Psychology matters .
Booms proceed from overconfidence ; busts inspire great fear .
Recoveries require increasing optimism .
Otherwise , despondent consumers confine buying to necessities , and businesses delay hiring and expansion .
By many measures , confidence has already improved .
At the depth of the crisis in October 2008 , 73 percent of Americans rated the economy " poor " and 84 percent thought it was " getting worse , " according to Gallup surveys ; recent responses in mid-January were 47 percent and 58 percent -- dismal but better .
Interest rates on many bonds have dropped sharply .
In October 2008 , high - quality corporate bonds fetched 9.5 percent ; now , that 's about 6.2 percent .
Lenders have become less risk - averse ; credit markets , though damaged , are working better .
Still , confidence remains fragile , for obvious reasons .
Unemployment is 10 percent and may stay high for years .
The Congressional Budget Office 's latest outlook has it averaging 10.1 percent this year , 9.5 percent in 2011 and 8 percent in 2012 .
Against that backdrop , Bernanke 's confidence - building mission faces two problems .
One is that much of Washington is conspiring to corrode confidence .
Given the importance of psychology , how could that be ?
Simple .
A crisis usually inspires either political unity ( " we 're all in this together " ) or gamesmanship ( " blame them , not me " ) .
This crisis has produced more of the second than the first .
Of course , fact - finding and corrective actions are inevitable and desirable .
But much of what 's happening today is old - fashioned political grandstanding .
To be sure , Bernanke did n't foresee the crisis , but his aggressive response contained the damage .
Casting him and the Fed as handmaidens of Wall Street gives vent to populist anger but does n't explain what happened .
Unwise proposals to restrict the Fed 's powers -- to limit its power to regulate large financial institutions and subject it to ongoing " audits " -- have made headway .
There are dangers .
One pillar of confidence is the belief that the Fed can act quickly and decisively in a crisis ; arguably , that 's what spared us a deeper downturn .
But now Congress may curb those powers or so vilify the Fed that it becomes intimidated .
Compounding this uncertainty are unsettled policy questions involving health care and financial " reform . "
The administration 's decision to push health - care legislation was a blunder .
It sowed conflict and was so time - consuming that it paralyzed action on other issues .
Business planning and the willingness to expand have suffered , because companies find it harder to predict their costs and returns .
The second problem , though technical , is also crucial .
During the crisis , the Fed became the " lender of last resort " for much of the economy .
It created special lending facilities to support banks , money market funds and the commercial paper market .
Fed lending grew by more than $ 1 trillion .
These facilities stopped the financial panic , and private credit flows resumed .
The Fed is closing most facilities Feb .
1 . But as this lending subsided , the Fed expanded lending elsewhere .
Specifically , it committed to buy $ 1.75 trillion of Treasury securities and mortgage - related securities .
The goal was to reduce long - term interest rates .
By some studies , rates may have dropped one percentage point on some mortgages and half a point on 10 - year Treasury bonds .
The question is when and how to end this policy of easy credit , which is augmented by an effective interest rate of zero on overnight Fed funds .
Purchases of Treasury bonds have already ceased ; buying of mortgage - related securities is now scheduled to stop in March .
The Fed faces a classic dilemma .
If it retreats too rapidly from easy credit , higher interest rates could sabotage the recovery .
But maintaining easy credit policies too long could backfire if they raise inflationary expectations and trigger a loss of confidence in the dollar .
Bernanke will no doubt savor his confirmation , but whether he inspires confidence depends on his responses to enormous political and economic problems , both known and unknown .
2011 Audi A8
Audi 2011 is looking great and is going to be released in late 2010 .
The new 4th generation A8 is full sized and is an excellent luxury sedan that exudes charm and beauty from its every core .
It has a 372 hp with 4.2 liter V - 8 that is 8 - speed with transmission right under its hood .
It gives you a smooth drive and brings you one of the best experiences that you could garner with detailed functioning .
It is one of the best things that one could look for in terms of competent driving .
This car will bring many pleasures and joy to your life and is well worked up enough to compete with the likes of Mercedes Benz 8 S class , Maserati Quattroporte , Lexus LS460 , Jaguar XJ / XJL and BMW 7 - series .
This is one of the best cars that one can experience in 2010 and so be ready for it !
Cohen Garelick & Glazier has been providing legal assistance for people and businesses for more than a century .
While physically located within the State of Indiana , the attorneys at CGG are able to provide support in many states across the US .
Due to the effects of the COVID - 19 pandemic on the 2020 CFB season , there will be no weekly GBE College Football Ratings
As there is no consistency among conferences with regards to how many games each team will play , when those games are to be played , and the variety of games that will actually be played , it would be impossible to properly compare teams this season .
In addition , it is not be fair to penalize schools who have chosen to ( or have been forced to ) sit out the 2020 CFB season .
We sincerely hope for a quick " return to normalcy " that will allow for a 2021 CFB season with full participation and normal scheduling .
We eagerly await this and will resume our ratings at that point in time .
In the meantime , we encourage everyone to practice safe behavior and to use good sense in their interactions with others until a safe and effective vaccine is developed and deployed .
We hope that all of our visitors remain safe from infection and that we all emerge a stronger society .
Congratulations to the 2019 GBE National Champion LSU Tigers
2019 Final Ratings
1 South Carolina 5.01205 2 Auburn 5.07942 3 Ohio State 5.11631 4 Wisconsin 5.13981 5 Tulsa 5.16236 6 Michigan 5.20336 7 LSU 5.22995 8 Georgia 5.26722 9 Mississippi St. 5.26830 10 Texas 5.29098 11 UCLA 5.29504 12 Rutgers 5.30812 13 USC 5.33980 14 Penn State 5.39016 15 Houston 5.39948 16 South Florida 5.42808 17 Florida State 5.44429 18 Texas A&M 5.45396 19 Michigan State 5.46580 20 Arkansas 5.48959 21 Notre Dame 5.48968 22 Stanford 5.49536 23 Maryland 5.50597 24 Colorado 5.50649 25 Cincinnati 5.50923 26 Utah State 5.52330 27 Tennessee 5.55348 28 Iowa State 5.56524 29 Georgia Tech 5.56582 30 Washington 5.56719 31 Louisville 5.58099 32 Clemson 5.60579 33 Vanderbilt 5.60777 34 Mississippi 5.60793 35 Iowa 5.61680 36 Northwestern 5.62224 37 Purdue 5.63169 38 BYU 5.63436 39 South Alabama 5.63490 40 North Carolina 5.65995 41 Oregon State 5.66508 42 Memphis 5.67617 43 Georgia Southern 5.68394 44 Virginia 5.68535 45 Florida 5.68592 46 Tulane 5.68739 47 New Mexico 5.68774 48 Boston College 5.6899 3 49 Nebraska 5.69842 50 Oregon 5.70825 51 Oklahoma 5.71087 52 TCU 5.71972 53 Texas State 5.71979 54 Marshall 5.74970 55 La Monroe 5.75177 56 Arizona 5.75611 57 Miami ( FL ) 5.76174 58 Duke 5.76451 59 Kansas 5.78281 60 SMU 5.78794 61 Miami ( OH ) 5.81006 62 Baylor 5.81758 63 Kansas State 5.86073 64 Arizona State 5.87018 65 Florida Atlantic 5.87283
Mass Effect 2 is going to come with a nice surprise : " The Cerberus Network , " an in - game content delivery system that will be your place to grab new missions , new equipment , and even characters .
You 'll be able to download the Network with a one - use code that comes with the game ... as long as it's new .
If you buy the game used , the pipeline will be able to be activated by buying another code from EA .
Players who buy the game new will have a nice surprise on the first day .
" Players who access ‘ The Cerberus Network ’ will receive the first DLC pack on January 26th ( launch day in North America ) featuring new missions and in - game items , " EA explained .
" Included in this pack is a mission that introduces Zaeed , a rugged and deadly gun -for - hire who is recruited to join Commander Shepard ’s mission to save mankind . "
There is even more content planned for after launch , including a hovering tank called the Hammerhead , new missions , and new in - game items .
EA also notes that these downloads are tied to your EA Online account , which is non-transferable .
After launch , when GameStop is pushing that used copy of the game for a few bucks less , gamers now have a reason to go with a new copy , as they wo n't have to buy the Cerberus Network separately .
Mass Effect 2 is coming to the Xbox 360 and PC on January 26 .
A few days ago I moaned about an inaccurate and ininterpretable visualization appearing in a book touting its own excellence at visualization .
Now , I 'm pointed to a visualization of the recently released Met Office land surface temperature record that makes similar mistakes .
Folks , data visualization is n't about pretty colours , or slapping some data into a CSV and asking Excel to make you a line graph .
It 's about thinking about how the data needs to be interpreted and then creating an appropriate visualization .
Many of the ' infoporn ' graphics that adorn the blogs and magazines of the digerati ( a pejorative term ) are little more than the fantasies of a graphic designer sprinkled with some magical ' data ' or ' statistics ' pixie dust .
But these designers should n't be messing around with magic like that .
They are n't trained to handle it , Hermione .
Here 's the first graph from the blog .
It appears to show that it 's 10C hotter now than in the 1800s .
Holy cow , Batman , the Earth 's on fire !
It 's all wrong .
All they 've done is averaged the temperature readings from across the globe to try to get a sense of global warming .
Averages are fun because any fool can calculate them , but pity the fool who averages without thinking .
Some questions : 1 . Did they ask themselves about the distribution of temperature readings across the globe to ensure that the average correctly reflected the entire Earth 's surface ?
For example , are there lots of thermometers clustered close to each other that might bias the average ?
2 .
Did they ponder the fact that there 's much more land in the northern hemisphere , hence many more readings , hence without weighting the average is dominated by northern climes ?
3 .
Did they ask themselves if an average is what you want ?
Is it reasonable to take the temperature in London in December and the temperature in Sydney in December and average them ?
Given that it 's winter up north and summer down south what does an average tell you ?
4 .
Did they ever ask themselves why the standard deviation is so freakin ' huge ( see the 2008 numbers in the graph above ) ?
No , they made a CSV file and graphed it .
And since they get some ' warming ' out of it they are happy .
This is what I call Data Visualization Disease .
You grab some data , you think of a fancy ( or not so fancy ) way to show it .
You shade that it in pastel colours you picked by wandering around Habitat , label it in a sans - serif font , and you 're a God of visualization .
What they should have done is taken the thermometer readings , calculated a long term average for each location , calculated the difference between each reading and the average ( to understand how much temperature has changed , not the absolute values ) , mapped those onto a grid laid across the Earth 's surface , averaged ( perhaps with variance adjustment ) values from all the thermometers in each grid square to get a grid anomaly value , then produced a weighted average for the hemispheres based on weighting by the cosine of the latitude ( since the grid box area varies with latitude ) to get hemisphere averages .
Then they could have plotted that .
But there 's no infoporn in doing that , that sounds like actual work , and worse , thinking .
Phew !
No , thanks .
Pass the Crayola .
Update : since writing this rant I 've seen that the blog I 'm criticizing has listened to the complaints of people who pointed out similar problems .
Labels : climate change , rants and raves
Celebrating the 10th year of the Santa Speedo Run , over 500 participants braved temperatures hovering around freezing , but with wind chill making the air feel as cold as 20 degrees .
Starting at Lir on Boylston Street , they ran a 1 1/4 - mile loop down Boylston to Berkeley and back up Newbury Street .
Each runner raised at least $ 250 to participate , with funds going to Crossroads for Kids and Bottom Line
These runners wrote messages on the body , ranging from " Free Tiger " to this man 's proclamation of his love for dear old Mom .
Have a compact rear - wheel - drive car and want to traverse vast stretches of unpaved snowy wasteland ?
Russia has the solution .
We bring you " Snow Foot Car , " a 1 - hour conversion system capable of turning a Lada into a radical snowmobile .
Advertisement
The system works like this :
Take your rear wheel drive car and drive it up on to what 's basically a car trailer with balloon tires at the rear and a snow ski at the front .
Lash the rear end to a support and take off the rear wheels and replace the rim with an offset chain sprocket .
Run a chain around sprocket and to the rear wheel gears then lash strap the front wheels into a cradle that 's hooked up to the ski's steering system .
The next step is to go driving around in the snow to make a video you set to porno music .
Snow Car Foot .
This idea and execution might be perfect right out of the box , anything more would be ridiculous , less would be underwhelming .
They even did it with a wagon .
( Thanks Ian )
Yesterday , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Chairwoman Sheila Bair gave a speech at the Commercial Mortgage Securities Association Annual Conference .
In it , she said a lot of what we already know about Bair 's intentions for regulation going forward .
But she also summarized some data the FDIC had compiled on the commercial real estate market .
One item particularly caught my attention : the big banks ' exposure .
For some time now , commercial real estate has been characterized as what may be the next shoe to drop .
If anything threatens to cause a double - dip recession , it 's a widespread deterioration in commercial mortgages .
I 've written about this several times .
Megan 's magazine column this month in The Atlantic also addressed the topic .
But up to now , most of what I 've read and heard about the upcoming commercial real estate doom had been mostly isolated to smaller , regional banks .
They were said to hold greater CRE risk than the bigger banks .
While bad news for the FDIC 's insurance fund , at least it would imply that the big banks might not need another bailout due to commercial mortgages going bad .
But yesterday , Bair said :
Despite what you may be hearing , CRE credit problems are affecting big and small banks alike .
In fact , CRE noncurrent and charge - off rates are higher at banks with over one billion dollars in assets than at community banks .
Industry analysts expect CMBS delinquency rates to continue climbing .
That 's pretty disturbing .
Big banks are actually exposed to uglier commercial mortgages than smaller banks .
But what does this mean in a broader context ?
First , if we do see enormous losses from CRE , they 'll probably hit big banks first , since their delinquency and charge - off rates are initially higher .
Then regional banks ' CRE losses will follow .
Even if the smaller banks ' mortgages are a tad cleaner than those the bigger banks hold , it might not matter : just as we saw with residential mortgages , even prime loans can experience deterioration in an environment like this .
I think this is actually worse news than if the situation was reversed , and the losses began at regional banks first instead .
If the big banks begin to encounter problems again before an economic recovery is well underway , this would almost certainly throw the financial markets back into disarray .
A fragile economy could n't handle it .
But if regional banks got hit first , then the pain would initially be more dispersed and less front - page .
That would more likely allow the economic recovery to slowly continue , without too strong a shock to the market or sentiment .
Then , if it hit the big banks later , the economy might have recovered enough to better endure it .
We still do n't know how much pain CRE will bring .
It could be a false alarm .
But the sobering information Bair provides above at least provides some clue of how to know when we 're in the early bands of the storm .
If large banks begin reporting big CRE losses , then we 're likely in for a heap of trouble .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Growlers are glass jugs that allow you to bring home fresh draft beer from the pub or brewery .
Many homebrewers also use growlers to store their brews because it is easier than bottling .
It 's common for brewpubs and breweries to offer their beers in a growler .
This allows you to return with an empty jug for a refill , which saves money and gives you the freshest beer available without installing a keg system at home .
What Is a Growler ?
A growler is any container used to sell a measured amount of beer .
Most growlers hold half a gallon of draft beer , though some can hold an entire gallon .
The Spruce Eats / Bailey Mariner
The growler has taken many forms over the years , but its primary purpose has always been to transport fresh beer from a brewpub or brewery to the drinker 's home .
Brewers spend a lot of time precisely perfecting their recipes , and often use growlers as a way to sell their beers when they 're not set up for bottling .
Today , most growlers are made of dark brown glass and have a screw - on cap .
Some fancy growlers use a ceramic stopper that clamps down with a metal attachment around the neck .
Brown glass beer bottles allow less light to hit the beer inside , so growlers use brown glass , too .
When too much ultraviolet light hits a beer , it can cause a foul odor and taste , essentially ruining it .
This is often called " skunked " beer .
Tips for Using a Growler
Growlers are becoming more popular for selling craft beer .
Many brewpubs and breweries are opting for this packaging method , and you can even find a few growler refill stations at stores that specialize in selling beer .
It 's a great way to explore beers on tap for a minimal price , and many beer drinkers prefer it to the average six - pack of cans .
However , if you choose to go the growler route , you will need to take special care of the beer .
Always rinse the growler clean as soon as it's empty .
Soap should n't be necessary , just a thorough hot water rinse until the growler smells clean .
Allow it to dry completely before sealing it again .
Refrigerate a growler to maximize the beer 's shelf life .
Unopened , the beer should be good for seven to 10 days .
You have about two to three days to drink the beer after opening before the beer begins to go flat .
Limit the size of your growler according to how much you drink .
The point of a growler is to get the freshest beer , and there 's no sense in buying a gallon if you 're not going to drink it before it goes bad .
That 's why most growlers are only a half gallon , and this is the perfect size for the average beer drinking household .
Where to Buy Growlers
Thanks to the craft beer movement , it is easier than ever to find a growler .
Most stores that specialize in homebrewing and winemaking sell growlers of various sizes and they are surprisingly inexpensive .
If you have a local brewery or brewpub that sell growlers , you can often buy a growler directly from them .
Some sell the jugs outright , and others require a deposit in hopes that you will return it or ask for a refill when you 're done .
No matter the case , if you are hoping to get a growler filled , there are a few things you should know :
Clean the growler before returning it or asking for a refill .
When buying a growler for the first time , you will pay for both the growler and the beer it is filled with .
Your refills should be significantly cheaper because the price of the growler is not included .
This fill - your - growler system is a nice way to enjoy draft beer at home .
Many beer aficionados use it to explore whatever beers are on tap and find that the cost savings are worth an extra trip to their nearest pub or brewery .
Presbyterian Bible Content Exam Learning Tool As of September 30 , 2020 , we have served 18015 Bible Content Exams !
You can also find me at www.steve-whitney.com or twitter.com/SteveWhitney or www.YouTube.com/whitneycast INTRODUCTION
This is the tool I wanted when I was preparing to take the February 2000 Bible Content Exam .
If you 're preparing for that exam , this site was designed especially for you !
But anyone can use it to improve their Bible knowledge .
God bless you !
Blessings ,
Steve Whitney
The Tests
Just click a year to take that year 's test or choose a category from the menu beneath each year to focus on one part of the test .
Instructions are available below if you need them .
The contents of these tests are the property of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) .
The software and formatting used on this site are copyright © 2000 - 2011 by Stephen A. Whitney .
All rights reserved .
The Bible reference links are from the Bible Gateway .
Instructions
It 's very simple .
Just scroll through the questions , clicking what you think is the correct answer for each one ( A , B , C , or D ) .
If you need a little help , you can click the " Bible reference " link below the question to see the Bible passage the question is based on .
( It 's OK - this is a learning tool , not a test . :-)
But do note that the quotations on the test are always from the NRSV and the Bible reference window will have NIV text .
When you 're done , click the " Score Practice Test " button at the bottom of the screen .
A score of 70 out of 100 is passing .
You 'll also see how you did in each category .
The program normally only shows you the answers you got wrong , but you can click the small box near the " Score Practice Test " button to see all of the answers .
After you take a test , you will have lots of options to create special tests on the subjects you need to work on or over all of the questions you got wrong .
Just click the links .
You can bookmark ( or " add to favorites " ) these customized tests to come back to them later .
Your feedback is important !
Feedback , corrections to the tests , questions , comments ?
Send e-mail to Steve .
Acknowledgments
Thanks to Eric Ledermann , Suzanne D'Spain , Julie Kim , David Brown , Mike Foster , Beverly Ewing , John Reed , Deborah Matthews , Heather Reichgott , Stephanie Croom , Sally Cooper Larson , and Leslie Veen for typing tests !
Thanks to Mike Frandsen , Anthony Damelio , Lucus Keppel , Matthew Gaventa , and Harry Workman for helping me reconstruct the February 2010 test .
Thanks to San Francisco Theological Seminary for funding the typing of the first 10 exams .
Links
WASHINGTON / BEIJING ( Reuters ) - The United States said on Saturday it regretted China ’s announced cuts in bilateral contacts and its plans to punish U.S. companies involved in a $ 6.4 billon arms package for Taiwan .
While China said the arms sales “ damaged ” its national security and reunification efforts with Taiwan , the Obama administration defended the package sent to the U.S. Congress on Friday as boosting regional security .
“ We regret that the Chinese government has announced that it plans to curtail military - to - military and other security - related exchanges and take action against U.S. firms that supply defensive articles to Taiwan , ” said P.J. Crowley , the State Department ’s chief spokesman .
“ We believe our policy contributes to stability and security in the region , ” he said .
China opposes all U.S. arms sales to Taiwan , which it regards as part of its territory .
For the first time , it said would impose unspecified sanctions on unnamed companies involved in arms sales to Taiwan and scale down contacts with the United States unless it canceled the new arms package .
China ’s Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi said the United States had “ damaged China ’s national security and great task of reunification ( with Taiwan ) , ” the official Xinhua news agency reported early on Sunday .
Yang , traveling in Cyprus , said China and the U.S. had held many discussions about the arms sales , but the U.S. had ignored China ’s demand that the sales be stopped .
The United States should “ truly respect China ’s core interests and major concerns , and immediately rescind the mistaken decision to sell arms to Taiwan , and stop selling arms to Taiwan in order to avoid damaging broader China - U.S. relations , ” Yang said .
Among the sales , subject to congressional review , would be Black Hawk utility helicopters built by Sikorsky Aircraft , a unit of United Technologies Corp. ; Lockheed Martin Corp - built and Raytheon Co.- integrated Patriot missile defenses ; and Harpoon land - and sea-attack missiles built by Boeing Co. .
Representatives of Sikorsky , Raytheon and Boeing either had no immediate comment or did not respond to questions left for them .
A Lockheed spokesman referred a caller to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency , which formally announced the sales plans .
An agency representative could not immediately be reached .
Boeing , the No. 1 U.S. exporter , has big commercial interests in China , the world ’s most populous market , including commercial aircraft sales .
United Technologies also has significant sales in China , where it sells Carrier brand heating and air - conditioning , Otis elevators and escalators and other products .
The other arms makers appear to have more limited exposure to Chinese sanctions .
CHINA NAMES NO COMPANIES
The dispute deepens rifts between the world ’s biggest and third - biggest economies .
Although they are cooperating on counter - terrorism , nuclear arms control , climate change and other major security issues , Beijing and Washington are at odds over trade as well as China ’s tight control of its currency , dissent in Tibet and the Internet .
Since 1949 when Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan after losing the mainland to Communist rebels , Beijing has demanded Taiwan accept unification , threatening to use force if necessary .
“ The United States will shoulder responsibility for the serious repercussions if it does not immediately reverse the mistaken decision to sell weapons to Taiwan , ” Chinese Vice Foreign Minister He Yafei told U.S. ambassador to China Jon Huntsman in comments reported on the ministry ’s website ( www.mfa.gov.cn).
China ’s Defense Ministry said military exchanges would be put on hold and Beijing postponed vice ministerial - level talks on security , arms control and non-proliferation .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
“ China will also impose corresponding sanctions on U.S. companies that engage in weapons sales to Taiwan , ” the Foreign Ministry said , without naming any companies .
A spokesman for the Chinese embassy in Washington did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
But Beijing has shown no sign of trying to use its huge pile of U.S. dollar assets to pressure Washington , or impose broader trade penalties -- both steps that would undercut China ’s own economic strength .
BROADER RISK
The feud could damage broader diplomacy between the two permanent members of the U.N. Security Council .
Washington has sought China ’s backing in its nuclear standoffs with Iran and North Korea and in fighting climate change , and is preparing for a world summit on nuclear weapons in April .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
China ’s official Xinhua news agency said in an English - language commentary that the arms sales “ will cause seriously negative effects on China - U.S. exchanges and cooperation in important areas , and ultimately will lead to consequences that neither side wishes to see . ”
The sales in effect constitute the second half of a package that former President George W. Bush had approved as early as 2001 .
The notice of a potential sale is required by law and does not mean a deal has been concluded .
Congress has 30 days to block such sales , though it has never done so .
Taiwan ’s President Ma Ying - jeou told reporters the weapons would give “ Taiwan more confidence and a sense of security to go forward in developing cross-Strait relations ” .
Under Ma , Taiwan has sought to ease tensions with the mainland and expand economic ties .
But it worries China could develop an overwhelming military advantage .
Taiwan says China has 1,000 to 1,500 short - range and mid-range missiles aimed at the island .
U.S. officials have said Taiwan , which lags China in the balance of military power , needs updated weapons to give it more sway when negotiating with Beijing .
In coming months , President Barack Obama may meet the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan leader whom China calls a dangerous separatist .
Beijing is sure to condemn such a meeting .
Chinese President Hu Jintao is expected to visit the United States later this year .
Both sides praised an Obama visit to China in November as showing deepening cooperation .
The two countries traded angry words about Internet policy after the search engine giant Google Inc. this month threatened to shut its Chinese google .cn portal and pull out of China because of censorship and hacking attacks .
The result was a financial industry that was hugely profitable as long as housing prices were going up  finance accounted for more than a third of total U.S. profits as the bubble was inflating  but was brought to the edge of collapse once the bubble burst .
It took government aid on an immense scale , and the promise of even more aid if needed , to pull the industry back from the brink .
And here ’s the thing :
Since that aid came with few strings  in particular , no major banks were nationalized even though some clearly would n’t have survived without government help  there ’s every incentive for bankers to engage in a repeat performance .
After all , it ’s now clear that they ’re living in a heads - they - win , tails - taxpayers - lose world .
The test for reform , then , is whether it reduces bankers ’ incentives and ability to concentrate risk going forward .
Transparency is part of the answer .
Before the crisis , hardly anyone realized just how much risk the banks were taking on .
More disclosure , especially with regard to complex financial derivatives , would clearly help .
Beyond that , an important aspect of reform should be new rules limiting bank leverage .
I ’ll be delving into proposed legislation in future columns , but here ’s what I can say about the financial reform bill the House passed  with zero Republican votes  last month :
Its limits on leverage look O.K .
Not great , but O.K .
It would , however , be all too easy for those rules to get weakened to the point where they would n’t do the job .
A few tweaks in the fine print and banks would be free to play the same game all over again .
And reform really should take on the financial industry ’s compensation practices .
If Congress ca n’t legislate away the financial rewards for excessive risk - taking , it can at least try to tax them .
Let me conclude with a political note .
The main reason for reform is to serve the nation .
If we do n’t get major financial reform now , we ’re laying the foundations for the next crisis .
But there are also political reasons to act .
For there ’s a populist rage building in this country , and President Obama ’s kid-gloves treatment of the bankers has put Democrats on the wrong side of this rage .
If Congressional Democrats do n’t take a tough line with the banks in the months ahead , they will pay a big price in November .
GREENLAND lost 1500 cubic kilometres of ice between 2000 and 2008 , making it responsible for one - sixth of global sea - level rise .
Even worse , there are signs that the rate of ice loss is increasing .
Michiel van den Broeke of Utrecht University in the Netherlands and colleagues began by modelling the difference in annual snowfall and snowmelt in Greenland between 2003 and 2008 to reveal the net ice loss for each year .
They then compared each year ’s loss with that calculated from readings by the GRACE satellite , which “ weighs ” the ice sheet by measuring its gravity .
The team found that results from …
Mirror image : neurons in the brain begin to clone after reaching a ‘ tipping point ’ of activity
Subatomic particles do it .
Now the observation that groups of brain cells seem to have their own version of quantum entanglement , or “ spooky action at a distance ” , could help explain how our minds combine experiences from many different senses into one memory .
Previous experiments have shown that the electrical activity of neurons in separate parts of the brain can oscillate simultaneously at the same frequency – a process known as phase locking .
The frequency seems to be a signature that marks out neurons working on the same task , allowing them to identify each other .
Dietmar Plenz and Tara Thiagarajan at the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland , wondered whether more complicated signatures also link groups of neurons .
To investigate , they analysed neuronal activity using arrays of electrodes implanted in the brains of two awake macaque monkeys and embedded in dish - grown neuron cultures .
Advertisement
In both cases , the researchers noticed that the voltage of the electrical signal in groups of neurons separated by up to 10 millimetres sometimes rose and fell with exactly the same rhythm .
These patterns of activity , dubbed “ coherence potentials ” , often started in one set of neurons , only to be mimicked or “ cloned ” by others milliseconds later .
They were also much more complicated than the simple phase - locked oscillations and always matched each other in amplitude as well as in frequency .
Perfect clones
“ The precision with which these new sites pick up on the activity of the initiating group is quite astounding – they are perfect clones , ” says Plenz .
Importantly , cloned signals only appeared after one region had reached a threshold level of activity .
Plenz likens this to the “ tipping point ” in human societies when a trend becomes adopted by large numbers of people .
This threshold might ensure that our attention is only captured by significant stimuli rather than by every single signal .
Since the coherence potentials seemed unique , each one could represent a different memory Plenz suggests .
Their purpose may be to trigger activity in the various parts of the brain that store aspects of the same experience .
So a smell or taste , say might trigger a coherence potential that then activates the same potential in neurons in the visual part of the brain .
Karl Friston at University College London calls the discovery “ a missing piece of the jigsaw puzzle ” in terms of brain message transmission .
Journal reference : PLoS Biology , DOI : 10.1371/journal.pbio.1000278
It 's become a bit of an annual tradition here that once the United States is eliminated from the World Junior tournament , or , as is the case this year , has won the whole damn thing , we take a look at what next year 's United States World Juniors roster might look like .
Last year 's look at the team that would go on to gold is a bit of an interesting read .
It 's all " Who else is there behind Mike Lee ? " ( Turns out : Jack Campbell ) and " I hope John Carlson will be available " ( Turns out : he was ) and " David Wohlberg could be more valuable than Derek Stepan " ( Hey , you get what you pay for here )
Anyway , here 's my first look at the group that could head to Buffalo to try and defend their gold medal and defend their home soil .
Two things occurred to me as I started trying to piece this thing together .
One , next year 's team is going to have a lot more talent .
And two , there are some pretty eerie parallels to the 2005 US World Junior team , which failed to medal on their home ice .
Both teams were playing on US soil .
Both teams had the goalie that led them to gold back on the team .
Both were loaded at forward and not as strong on defense .
Both avoided Canada in pool play .
One big difference is the talent faced by the two .
Canada had one of their greatest World Junior teams ever in 2005 , and they probably wo n't next year , and Russia had two guys named Ovechkin and Malkin , and the Russkies definitely wo n't have that kind of talent next year .
As for the players themselves :
Goalie
The two goalies for this team will be Jack Campbell ( Sidenote : Jack is the first player from this year 's team to cash in on his free lifetime pass from me by having a sarcastic " unless he 's already in the NHL " edited out right here ) and Who The **** Cares .
They could back him up with a hat rack for all it matters .
Campbell 's emergence is good news since the ' 91 goalies in the US have n't been that impressive .
Maybe they 'd look at one of the ' 93 - born goalies that have been stellar in international play this year like John Gibson or Matt McNeeley , but they'd have to do something pretty special to get on the ice next year .
And not just like saving a baby from a burning building .
Like saving two babies and a cute puppy from a burning building .
Defense
This is one area of concern for me .
They only have two potential returnees from this year 's team in Cam Fowler and John Ramage , and Fowler is a definite question mark because there 's a possibility that he could be playing in the NHL next year .
Personally , I think he might , which is bad news , because the '91 D on the NTDP was a pretty weak group as well .
I think John Ramage , Minnesota 's Nick Leddy , and Denver 's William Wrenn are all pretty much locks .
Jon Merrill and Justin Faulk made it to the final round of cuts this year too , and they should pretty much be locks .
I really like NTDP defenseman Derek Forbort as well , and if he goes as high as I think he will in the NHL Draft , it will be tough ( though not unheard of ) for the US to pass on him .
His NTDP blueline mates like Jarred Tinordi and Stephen Johns will also likely be under serious consideration .
There 's a couple other names of guys that I think could be in the mix , though I do n't really know how they 've been playing this year like BC's Brian Dumoulin and Patrick Wey or Mac Bennett in the USHL .
They 've all definitely shown that potential before though .
Forward
This gets made a litlte easier because there are six returning forwards from this year 's team , which effectively makes half the forward lineup : Jerry D'Amigo , Jeremy Morin , Chris Kreider , Kyle Palmieri , Ryan Bourque , and Jason Zucker .
Chris Brown was the last forward cut from the team , and I doubt they 'll leave him off again .
Other NTDP alums from the ' 91 team would be Drew Shore , who I think would make it , and Kevin Lynch , who probably has a lot of work to do over the next year to prove he belongs on the team .
Zach Budish is another highly - drafted kid that some people thought could have been there this year and is pretty much a lock .
Teammate Josh Birkholz has played well this year , though there have been rumors that he did n't exactly endear himself to USA Hockey while playing for a US team overseas a couple years ago .
Another college player that has a pretty good shot would be Minnesota State 's Tyler Pitlick , who has played well this year , and should be a high draft pick in this year 's NHL Draft .
Out west , I 'm not overly familiar with Mitchell Callahan , but he could be an intriguing option to give the team more grit .
I do n't know if he 's the right fit for the faster , less physical international play , but he'd give the team some much needed toughness .
Someone will probably suggest Everett 's Tyler Maxwell as well , though I do n't see him adding a lot .
From this year 's NTDP team , Matt Nieto was one of the forwards , along with Jason Zucker , called up for the World U18 championships .
Big forward Brandon Saad has also had a nice year .
There are somesolid options in the ' 93 age group as well .
I mentioned Rocco Grimaldi as a candidate earlier this week , not just for his offense , but for the all - around intensity and energy he would bring .
Kelowna Rocket Shane McColgan is a very special player that could be competing for one of the top spots in the 2011 Draft .
And finally , big foward Seth Ambroz will be young , but will have two seasons of the USHL and half a season of college hockey under his belt , so he 'll be as experienced as anyone .
In a lesser year , all three of those guys could probably make the team , but likely one or two will get caught up in the numbers game .
So there you go .
That 's about 50 names , and I 'm sure I forgot a couple solid candidates .
Good luck trying to pare it down to the right 22 guys .
Whichever team gets selected , they 'll definitely have the talent to repeat as champions .
It will be a matter of getting some timely goaltending and matching this year 's team in terms of heart and tenacity .
How well will General Motors ' Chevrolet
Volt drive once it gets past its 40 mile all - electric driving range and starts to rely on power generated by its gasoline engine ?
That 's been a question for both critics and fans of the Volt , and with just 11 months to go before this car hits the market , I got the answer .
My test drive of a close - to - complete car took place on a frigid day on largely empty roads inside GM's Technical Center in Warren , Mich .
The Volt was provided with just a few miles of plug - in power left in the battery .
I knew what to expect from this car on pure battery power , I 'd had that experience before .
Now I wanted to drain the battery as fast as possible and see what happened next .
What happened was both imperceptible and impressive .
Forced to start generating its own electricity on the fly , the Volt 's performance changed not a bit .
Criticism that the Volt , while running on gasoline power , would perform like a cinderblock looks to be wrong .
While not all questions about this car have been answered -- some will have to wait until there are thousands of them on the road -- we now know how the Volt will drive using gasoline power .
Women in Pakistan Hit Hardest By Climate Change
Pakistan is among the countries which will be hit hardest in near future by effects of climate change even though it contributes only a fraction to global warming .
The country is witnessing severe pressures on natural resources and environment .
This warning has recently come from the mouth of Pakistan ’s prime minister in a recent statement .
The PM [ 1 ] has alarmed the countrymen by disclosing that Pakistan is the 12th most vulnerable country in the world , to environmental degradation , would cost five per cent of the GDP every year .
Very few Pakistanis took such warnings serious .
There is no media uproar , no popular movement and no political clamoring over the issue .
Sad !
The majority of the Pakistani policy makers have no time to think about the horrifying picture of the future , caused by the worsening climatic conditions .
The country is busy fighting US - led war on terrorism and now almost trapped in a complex political quagmire where it has found itself fighting a war with itself .
Therefore , very little time planners find to apprise the people of Pakistan on the repercussions of adverse climatic effects .
The climate experts in the country are hinting at severe water scarcity saying that water supply , already a serious concern in many parts of the country , will decline dramatically , affecting food production .
Export industries such as , agriculture , textile products and fisheries will also be affected , while coastal areas risk being inundated , flooding the homes of millions of people living in low - lying areas .
Pakistan ’s north eastern parts already experienced droughts in 1999 and 2000 are one such example that caused sharp declines in water tables and dried up wetlands , severely degrading ecosystems .
Although Pakistan contributes least to global warming - one 35th of the world ’s average of carbon dioxide emissions - temperatures in the country ’s coastal areas have risen since the early 1900s from 0.6 to 1 degree centigrade .
Precipitation has decreased 10 to 15 per cent in the coastal belt and hyper arid plains over the last 40 years [ 2 ] while there is an increase in summer and winter rains in northern Pakistan .
Although Pakistan produces minimal chlorofluorocarbons and a little sulphur dioxide emissions , thus making a negligible contribution to ozone depletion and acid rain , it will suffer disproportionately from climate change and other global environmental problems .
Health of millions would also be affected with diarrhoeal diseases associated with floods and drought becoming more prevalent .
Intensifying rural poverty is likely to increase internal migration as well as migration to other countries .
Given the enormity of the impact , adaptation and mitigation measures are critically important .
Pakistan ’s eco system has suffered greatly due to climatic change ; one such example is that of Keti Bandar ; one of the richest port in the region of the coastal belt of Pakistan that lost privileges of being at some point in time .
The former port facilities bordered both shores of the Indus River delta but have become submerged as a result of coastal erosion , leaving only a thin , 2 km long isthmus by way of a land bridge to the mainland .
There was a time when it was known to be an area thriving on mangroves ecosystem , rich with agriculture and boasting a busy seaport .
Now the landscape is barren and thatched houses dotted on mudflats .
Water logging and salinity is its major problem and the intruding sea has almost eaten up the villages .
Thousands of peasant families and fisher folk community already had to migrate to other areas in search of livelihood .
So grave is the situation now in the same region that cyclones often visit the coastline and their intensity has increased many times more .
Poor peasant and fisher folk communities always hit hard by these cyclones .
The blame relies on the fact that the community residing in Keti Bandar is threatened with global climatic change .
The coastal area is said to be most vulnerable to climate change with rising sea surface temperatures and atmospheric water vapor causing an increase in cyclone intensity and rainfall .
When it comes to climate change population does matter , particularly for countries like Pakistan with an annual growth rate of 2.69 percent [ 4 ] , will be the sixth most populous country .
As poor families struggle to survive , environmental degradation is going to be more pervasive .
Long - term sustainable development goals are disregarded in favor of immediate subsistence needs , leaving vulnerable communities specially women at the mercy of climate .
Increased use of wood for fuel , abusive use of land and water resources , in the form of overgrazing , over fishing , depletion of fresh water and desertification - are common in rural areas of Pakistan .
There seems to be no stopping the runaway population growth here in Pakistan because birth control is often portrayed as anti-people .
The country 's political and religious leaders who could make a difference are to blame .
They have ignored the explosive population growth completely .
Birth control is a taboo topic in Pakistan .
In our culture , the larger the number of children , the stronger the family feels .
Poverty does not seem to matter .
The mullahs ( clerics ) may not like it .
The rural population has been kept illiterate in Pakistan .
" Instead of building schools we built armies .
The feudal landowners saw to it that the rural population is kept away from schooling .
Mullahs declare girls ' education to be un -Islamic .
The reality is that even where women want to practice birth spacing they face difficulty in accessing the family planning services .
They meet with a non-supportive environment at home , and encounter misconceptions and misinformation about the use of family planning .
At regional level , according to experts , by 2050 , the Indian subcontinent will have to support 350 million Pakistanis ; 1.65 billion Indians ; 40 million Nepalese ; 300 million Bangladeshis and 30 million Sri Lankan .
The total will be about 2.4 billion people .
This was the total population of the whole earth around 1950 [ 5 ] .
The strain on resources in the region will be tremendous , and consequences catastrophic .
By then the glaciers in the Himalayas will be gone , the monsoons will be erratic , sometimes too much or too little rain ; new uncontrollable diseases will have emerged .
It will come overnight .
We will wake up , and find that all we had yesterday ( food , water , electricity ) are gone .
This horrific picture is , no doubt , a matter of concern for the entire population living in this part of world , but matter of urgency for the marginalized sections especially women who will obviously worst and first hit of the climate bomb .
Need of the hour is to highlight the gravity of the issue with focus on demanding security to the rights of the poor and marginalized sections in the future policy planning with regard to Climate Change .
In developing countries like Pakistan , women are already suffering disproportionately ; as a consequence of climate change .
Local environmentalists estimate that 70 per cent of the poor , who are far more vulnerable to environmental damage , are women .
Therefore , women are more likely to be the unseen victims of resource wars and violence as a result of climate change .
We witnessed this phenomenon in years 1999 and 2000 when thousands of poor families had to flee from drought - hit areas of Balochistan , the most backward province of Pakistan .
Women and children were seen the most suffered sections .
Like other poor countries , climate change is harder on women in Pakistan as well , where mothers have to stay in areas hit by drought , deforestation or crop failure .
Many destructive activities against the environment disproportionately affect them , because most women in Pakistan are dependent on primary natural resources : land , forests , and waters .
In case of droughts they are immediately affected , and usually women and children can't run away .
Men can trek and go looking for greener pastures in other areas and sometimes in other countries ... but for women , they 're usually left on site to face the consequences .
When there is deforestation , when there is drought , when there is crop failure , it is the women and children who are the most adversely affected .
While women are the main providers of food in Pakistan , they face barriers to the ownership and access to land .
67 percent of women are engaged in agriculture related activities but only 1 per cent own land .
When hit by the negative impact of climate change , women lose at the same time their livelihood means and their capacity to cope after a disaster .
As a result of climate change , domestic chores such as collecting water and firewood become more burdensome and time consuming .
As girls commonly assist their mothers in performing these tasks , there is less time left for school or any other economic activity .
The recent data shows that due to climate change major crops yield in Pakistan has declined by 30 % ( Lead , 2008 ) .
Experts are of the opinion that Climate Change is enhancing the susceptibility of agriculture zones to floods , drought and storms .
It is pertinent to mention that the agriculture is the single largest sector in Pakistan ’s economy , contributing 21 per cent to the GDP and employing 43 per cent of the workforce ( Lead , 2008 ) of which female are in majority .
There is a common perception that ‘ it is men who are the farmers ’ .
Contrary to this perception , women in Pakistan produce 60 - 80 percent of food consumed in the house ( IUCN , 2007 ) .
In Pakistan , especially in the mountainous regions , men out - migrate for livelihood opportunities ( from 50 % to 63 % of the households ) ( WB , 2005 ) and it is the women who looks after the family ’s agriculture piece of land along with many other responsibilities .
It is interesting to note how much work female household members contribute outside their homes , but their work is generally less visible and attracts less public recognition .
The rise in temperature is going to affect the farming communities in Pakistan as a whole , but will have severe impacts on individuals / households specially women , who are socially , politically and economically more vulnerable .
Important to mention here is that Pakistan was one of the first countries to ratify the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) in 1994 and has also endorsed other related protocols ( Kyoto and Montreal ) but its Climate Change policy is still in the making .
Experts are of the opinion that not much in terms of gender should be expected from the forthcoming national policy on Climate change , as responsive policies can only result when they come out of forums that have equal gender representation along with the necessary sensitivity .
National Disaster Management Authority ( NDMA ) is a new mechanism of the Government of Pakistan ( GOP ) which is trying to address the disaster vulnerabilities of the communities living in hazardous regions by keeping the gender sensitivities in mind .
Since NDMA is a new mechanism not much can be said about its programs at this point , but if women are not involved in developing and monitoring important policies and legislations , gender issues will go unnoticed .
In nutshell climate change could hamper the achievement of many of the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) , including those on poverty eradication , child mortality , malaria , and other diseases , and environmental sustainability .
Much of this damage would come in the form of severe economic shocks .
In addition , the impacts of climate change will exacerbate existing social and environmental problems and lead to migration within and across national borders of Pakistan .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
The holiday season accounts for a large portion of consoles sold throughout the year , and is a pivotal time for console manufacturers to get their machines into the homes of consumers across the globe .
Sony Computer Entertainment have done a phenomenal job at getting the PlayStation 3 into homes this holiday season and are quite proud of their achievement , releasing final worldwide sales figures for the PS3 during the holiday season .
The PlayStation 3 started off the holiday shopping season with a bang , selling over 440,000 consoles during the week of Black Friday .
It seems as though those sales did n’t slow down at all during the following weeks of the holiday shopping season .
Just moments ago , Sony issued a press release revealing massive worldwide sales figures during the holiday season .
Across all markets , the PlayStation 3 sold an astounding 3.8 million units , a 76 % increase from the previous year .
This marks the most successful holiday sales for the PlayStation 3 in the console ’s history .
Sony looks to maintain this momentum by bringing a stellar PS3 software line - up in 2010 featuring games such as God of War III , Gran Turismo 5 , MAG , Heavy Rain and more .
Along with the best line - up in gaming , Sony will be releasing motion controllers for the PS3 to help tap into the casual market , as well as giving the PS3 3D viewing capabilities for both gaming and Blu - Ray disc playback .
2010 is shaping up to be the PlayStation 3 ’s best year ever .
Life on Mars ?
3 Worlds Most Likely to Support Earthly Life
The search for other hospitable planets is nothing new .
We ’ve been speculating about where Earthly life forms might be able to survive since we realized that there were other worlds out there .
But until now , we have n’t had a standardized way to measure the habitability of other planets for microorganisms such as the ones that flourish here at home .
Recently , a team at the University of Puerto Rico at Arecibo compiled the first - ever comprehensive and quantitative evaluation of the habitability of other worlds .
Basing the suitability for microscopic life support on a scale of 0 to 1 ( think of it statistically , where 0 = impossible and 1 = certain ) , the report identified the three worlds most likely to be able to sustain microscopic life as we know it .
The most promising contender was Enceladus , Saturn ’s sixth - largest moon .
The satellite scored a 0.4 on the Standard Microbial Habitability index , the same as Earth .
Though it has n’t been explored thoroughly , scientists think that a vast ocean of water may exist under Enceladus ’ icy crust .
Because of its proximity to Earth , Mars has often been pointed to as possibly being able to support Earth life .
Until the 1960s , it was widely assumed that the red planet ’s atmosphere was very similar to Earth’s .
While we ’ve since been able to disprove that theory , tests for life on Mars have come up either negative or inconclusive .
However , the planet scored 0.3 on the Standard Microbial Habitability index .
The ideal place for life on Mars would n’t be on the surface , though – it would be approximately 4 miles underground , where the temperature and pressure are welcoming for microbial life forms .
Europa , the sixth moon of Jupiter , also scored a 0.3 on the index .
The moon ’s surface , like that of Enceladus , is covered with ice .
But also like Enceladus , Europa may have a vast ocean hiding under the surface that can support microorganisms .
The fact that these worlds may be able to support microorganisms does n’t mean that there is life present on them , just that the conditions may be favorable for habitation .
Five worlds were tested with the new index .
The remaining two , Venus and Saturnian moon Titan , scored 0.4 and less than .0001 , respectively .
While Venus ’ score may appear promising , it did n’t make the top three because any life forms would have to reside in the unstable atmosphere due to the surface ’s high temperatures .
Titan ’s atmosphere , surface and subsurface are simply inhospitable to life – at least any life forms we currently know of .
“ Hybrids are less than 3 percent of the market , and they ’ve been less than 3 percent for years , ” said Rebecca Lindland , an analyst with the research firm IHS Global Insight .
“ The idea that people are going to immediately accept electric vehicles when hybrids are such a small part of the market is sort of dangerous . ”
Still , so many battery - powered cars are at the show that a section of this year ’s show floor , called “ Electric Avenue , ” was set aside for them .
Image A Hyundai Motor gasoline - electric hybrid .
Credit ... Bryan Mitchell / Getty Images
The vehicles on display include the forthcoming Nissan Leaf  the only model Nissan brought to Detroit  and the 39 - inch - wide Tango , priced at $ 85,000 , from a company called Commuter Cars .
Toyota , the leader in the current hybrid market , said on Monday that it would create a family of hybrids that would carry the name of its Prius sedan .
It showed off a concept version of a car smaller than today ’s Prius , which it called the FT - CH , which could be part of that lineup .
James E. Lentz , the president of Toyota Motor Sales U.S.A. , said the company planned to introduce hybrid powertrains across much of its lineup and thought that hybrids “ will become the core technology of the entire industry . ”
Honda , which is trying to better compete with Toyota in hybrids , introduced the CR - Z coupe , which will arrive at dealerships in several months .
Airports serving as trial grounds for the prison planet
Steve Watson
Prisonplanet.com
Wednesday , Jan 6 , 2010
The clamor to ramp up airport security with invasive naked body imaging scanners has nothing to do with ensuring the safety of travelers .
Rather it is part of an ongoing incremental push to break the will of the people and encourage mass subservience and meek obedience .
Perhaps the most alarming aspect of the body scanner push is that people are willingly accepting it .
As Bloomberg news reports today , “ Passenger acceptance of airport body scanners has increased following the failed terrorist attack , ” with 92 % of passengers at Manchester airport in northern England now agreeing to pass through the machines in a voluntary trial , compared with 75 percent before the incident .
The same report indicates that Around 90 % of Muslims and Orthodox Jews were opting to use the scanners even prior to the Detroit incident rather than risking physical contact via pat downs and strip searches .
Travelers in Canada have indicated acceptance of the scanners , saying that they would “ do anything for safety ” and describing them as “ a necessary evil ” .
Meanwhile , nearly two - thirds of Germans favour airports using full - body scanners , despite claims that they are an invasion of personal privacy , a new poll has shown .
The will of the people is being systematically eroded and incrementally broken down .
Airports are serving as reservations where the fundamental right to privacy must be left at the door .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Travelers have been acclimatized over time to know they must remove their shoes , take off their belts , untuck shirts , discard water , baby milk , shampoo and toothpaste .
During the flight hands must be visible on laps , and even bathroom visits can now become national incidents as we have recently seen .
A culture of extreme fear has been engendered where the only way to stay safe is to cozy up to big brother , a psychological response akin to that of Stockholm syndrome .
This is where the technological control grid plays such a key role .
Imagine if TSA agents were made to take women and children and physically strip search them while they held their hands aloft , the public would balk at such an abuse .
However , with the body scanning machines there is a divide that clouds the process in futuristic technology .
Spot the difference : Top – A TSA agent inspects a naked image of a woman in full public view .
Bottom – A Nazi officer inspects the private parts of a woman while forcing her husband and children to watch .
Note that in many of the images from the body scanners used by the media , people are shown to be concealing a gun or a knife , with their hands held in the air above their heads .
This puts out the subconscious notion that everyone passing through the machines is guilty and has been caught by the authorities engaging in a law breaking act .
We are also being incrementally taught that what goes on in the airports will be transferred to the streets , schools , shopping malls , rail stations and bus terminals .
The very body scanners we see being implemented within airports now have already been extensively trialed in railway stations in major cities .
The same technology is being considered by governments for general use in cameras on the street .
Once accepted as part of everyday life in airports , it becomes much easier to sell for use in all public places .
X -ray specs were once considered a pervert ’s fantasy science fiction invention , now they have become a reality .
With such technology at their disposal the already active TSA viper teams will no doubt patrol mass transit facilities with much more vigor .
All of this is being rolled out despite numerous issues that raise questions aside from the assault on privacy .
The scanners are similar to C - Scans and carry health risks .
They fire ionizing radiation at those inside which penetrates a few centimeters into the flesh and reflects off the skin to form a naked body image .
Research shows that even very low doses of X - ray can delay or prevent cellular repair of damaged DNA , yet pregnant women and children will be subjected to the process if new guidelines including scanners are adopted .
The machines also break child pornography laws in the UK that bar the production of indecent images of children .
No matter that the Amsterdam airport where the so called underwear bomber boarded already had the scanners installed , the solution is more scanners !
No matter that designers of the technology have admitted that the machine would not have detected explosive materials hidden within clothing , the solution is more scanners !
All these issues have led even mainstream sources to question the validity of the freedom crushing initiatives being rolled out en mass .
Meanwhile we continue to be bombarded with fearmongering rhetoric that unless we give up all our liberties and submit to gross invasions of privacy , airliners will start to fall from the sky .
Those pushing the technology are , as always , set to make huge profits .
Leading defense contractors in conjunction those who have made their names from the terror business , such as former Homeland Security head Michael Chertoff are lining their pockets with taxpayer money literally stemming from the so called “ economic stimulus ” .
If the public willingly accepts naked imaging x-ray machines in the name of security , what comes next ?
The former EU justice Commissioner says that scanning inside people ’s bodies is an acceptable proposal .
Microsoft has suggested slapping monitoring bracelets on all it ’s employees .
The TSA is considering taser bracelets that can deliver electric shocks to anyone who steps out of line inside an airport or on a plane .
Passport control officers at airports are to be phased out as new biometric face scanning cameras are set to replace them under UK border control measures that came into force last year .
A global biometric facial scan database is the end goal of security authorities the world over .
Other proposals include placing the cameras in every seat on aircraft and installing software to try and automatically detect terrorists or other dangers caused by passengers .
Passive brain scanners that pick up brain waves in order to sense the behaviour of travelers have already been trialed in airports .
The technology known as “ MALINTENT ” has been developed by the Department of Homeland Security under a project lovingly called “ Project Hostile Intent ” .
The following image is a DHS Impression of the mindreader technology in action .
The development of all of this nightmare technology only emphasizes the need for immediate outright rejection of the mass implementation of body screeners .
If we continue to allow such gross attacks on our liberties to succeed the onslaught will never end .
Watch Alex Jones ’ rant on this subject from yesterday ’s show :
This article was posted : Wednesday , January 6 , 2010 at 11:19 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The world is not black and white .
October 29 , 2009 - The Soldier
At ease , you wastes of skin .
The Powers That Be have commanded me to write another short missive I'm told it will be broadcast on some manner of punch - card tube machine and read by the thin , stupid youth of today , who evidently ignored my past instructions to stop wasting their lives and do more push - ups .
When I inquired what this missive should contain , I was instructed only that it had something to do with an upcoming pagan moon worship festival , and that it should be " terrifying " .
Evidently , the youth of today enjoy being scared .
Why ?
Because you do n't know what real fear is .
Get out a pen and write this in your poem books : I have personally killed 6,078 men in cold blood while looking them in the eye ; jumped on 1,455 live grenades ; and stuffed fourteen feet of my own intestine back into my stomach .
If that does n't scare you out of your frilly pink leotards , guess what :
You are an idiot and you hate America .
The next time you visit your grandfather , take out your ipoot headbuds , pull up your goddamn pants , and ask him what a war is .
If you 're not standing in a puddle of your own Jarate by the time he 's finished talking , you should ask him to start over , because you were n't paying attention .
So listen up !
An update will arrive later today .
There will be ghosts !
There will be exploding pumpkins !
You will receive achievements and candy prizes !
And by God you will be frightened by it or I will give you something to be frightened about !
Click this link to read more about The Terrifying Team Fortress Haunted Hallowe 'en Special !
The Soldier
The Threat of Midget Subs Today by Steven Reich
Lessons from Pearl Harbor
The United States currently faces enemy forces far different than those we faced on December 7 , 1941 .
But a relatively untold story of the attack on Pearl Harbor holds a warning that is still relevant .
Just as the Japanese employed stealthy small submarines to penetrate the harbor and attack the U.S. battle fleet from below , today enemies of the nation could use the modern equivalents of these so - called " midget " submarines to infiltrate our shores .
In recent years , Iran and North Korea have stepped up their procurement of midget subs , Colombian drug smugglers have turned to them to elude law enforcement , and , perhaps most unsettling , advances in technology have made small subs more accessible to terrorist groups .
As Burl Burlingame , a military historian and author of Advance Force Pearl Harbor , points out , " Thanks to technological developments and clever design , what used to be available only to the world 's major fleets is now attainable to the average hobbyist — or terrorist .
Our coasts are more vulnerable now than during World War II . "
The subs may be small , but they are likely to play a significant role in the future , as they have in the past .
The surprise attack
On the morning of December 7 , 1941 , Will Lehner was Fireman Second Class on the USS Ward , a patrol ship stationed at Pearl Harbor .
His ship was the first American vessel to fire a shot in the war , and its target was a Japanese midget submarine .
But because the Ward encountered the submarine over an hour before the first Japanese planes arrived , Lehner was initially baffled by the mysterious craft .
He recalls , " It came underneath the ship right where I was standing .
I saw it and thought , ' What is that ? '
Because it was a rusty - brown , with what looked like a lot of moss on it .
I had never seen anything like that before .
And I said , ' I wonder if that is one of ours ? ' "
It should not have come as a surprise that Japan 's strategy for the attack included sending five midget submarines as an advance force .
Midget subs — typically vessels launched by a mother support ship and manned by a one - or two - person crew — are ideally suited for stealth operations , and their military use dates back hundreds of years .
American colonists , in fact , were the first to try them out .
" The world 's first submarine used in battle was , in effect , a midget submarine , " says naval engineer and marine historian Parks Stephenson .
" David Bushnell 's Turtle , invented in 1775 , was a one - man submersible that was designed to sneak up on British ships , drill a hole in the hull , place an explosive inside , and then escape . "
" A single midget sub today could stealthily deliver a nuclear device capable of atomizing one of America 's largest cities . "
The Confederate Army experimented with midget subs to defeat Union blockade ships , and throughout the late 1800s , marine engineers in England , Sweden , and France designed their own versions .
By the 20th century , submarine development had matured into larger , ocean - travelling craft , yet there was still a need for smaller subs for specialized purposes .
The Japanese , for their part , produced midget submarines not just for Pearl Harbor but throughout World War II .
" Hundreds of midget submarines were captured at the end of the war , sitting in rows on the docks ready to attack the American fleet , " says Burlingame .
" It was a technology that was going to be used as a final weapon of war against the United States . "
Midget subs of the 21st century
While most nations , including Japan , now employ midget - sub technology primarily for science and exploration , some countries continue to develop midget submarines more for military purposes .
In several cases , that could pose a serious threat , for , as Stephenson observes , " Midget submarines are owned by what we consider rogue nations of the world . "
North Korea has had midget subs in its arsenal for years , though the technology came from a continent away .
As Stephenson notes , " North Korea developed the Yugo submarine from plans that they procured from Yugoslavia in 1965 . "
Burlingame adds , " They 're called ' Yugos ' because the design originally is Yugoslavian , designed to patrol the Adriatic . "
At about 60 feet long and six feet wide , the Yugos are slightly smaller than the Pearl Harbor midget subs .
North Korea also employs the much larger , 15 - man Sang - O class of midget subs .
Unlike the Pearl Harbor subs , which had a range of only about 100 miles , the Sang - O subs are believed to have a range of 1,500 nautical miles .
Military experts believe that the North Korean navy has dozens of them .
The technology is not only taking on new forms , it 's getting smaller .
But as Stephenson points out , the details are sketchy .
" It 's been reported that North Korea has the largest number of midget submarines in service , but little is known about them , " he says .
Burlingame agrees : " Information about the small submarines of these countries is pretty speculative .
The submarines built by North Korea are substantial craft with several crew .
They can be more properly thought of as coastal or commando submarines .
They have been used by North Korea to deliver commandos south of the 38th Parallel .
They carry as many as six torpedoes , but the primary mission is coastal infiltration . "
Iran 's submarine arsenal
These midget subs have travelled far beyond the Korean coastline , but they did n't journey underwater .
As Burlingame notes , " The submarines built by North Korea have also been sold to Iran . "
Stephenson wonders : " Could an Iranian midget sub penetrate an American harbor ? "
If so , it could present a real danger , and in addition to getting their hands on several North Korean Yugos , the Iranians have also developed a powerful midget submarine of their own .
Military experts describe the Iranian Ghadir as silent enough to elude the most advanced U.S. sonar .
As recently as June 2009 , Iran commissioned three more Ghadir - class submarines , bringing the total number of these midget subs to seven .
Like the North Korean Sang - O subs , the Ghadir subs are 50 percent longer than the Yugo , but still small enough to sneak into a harbor .
And they 're large enough to drop small teams of commandos onto enemy shores , damage warships , and lay underwater minefields .
Iranian military sources have reported that , in addition to torpedoes , the Ghadir is also capable of launching missiles .
As is the case with North Korea , details surrounding Iran 's midget sub- technology remains speculative .
Still , Iranian officials claim that the subs are equipped with the latest military and technological hardware .
Drug smugglers and terrorists
As noted earlier , the current threat posed by midget submarines does n't end with rogue nations .
Law - enforcement officials report that more than a third of the cocaine smuggled into the United States from Colombia travels underwater .
With a reported range of about 3,000 miles , the 60 - foot - long midget subs that smugglers use do n't fully submerge but rather skim the surface .
" These craft are actually ' submersibles ' rather than true submarines , needing to have at least a snorkel and periscope above the water , " Burlingame says .
" This simplifies construction and limits the depth at which each can run , which lessens the amount of water pressure on the hull , important because there 's no internal pressure . "
And whether they 're spotted along the way or actually make it to their final destination , they elude capture the same way — these midget submarines are built to sink .
" They 're built for one - way trips and are sunk after they 're unloaded , " Burlingame says .
" It means that they can be constructed using relatively unskilled labor , often by Colombian Indians .
The amount of cocaine smuggled into the United States via these craft has risen exponentially in the last couple of years . "
That number is not likely to drop .
Even though the midget submersibles are relatively easy to construct , their design and equipment are fairly sophisticated , and like all submarines , they have the advantage of being able to travel clandestinely underwater .
We can only hope that the lessons learned at Pearl Harbor will open our eyes to current threats .
" We still know very little about what 's beneath the ocean surface , " says Burlingame .
" Submarines are ideally suited to ' black operations ' because , unlike aircraft , the environment in which they travel can't be witnessed by civilians .
The upshot — nobody really knows . "
American law - enforcement officials fear that vessels like those used by drug smugglers could also aid rebel groups and terrorists .
Burlingame agrees .
" It 's appalling how easily these craft enter American territorial waters , and any tiny submarine that carries tons of cocaine can also carry tons of explosives , " he says .
" The Tamil resistance has already started building tiny submarines specifically for terrorism . "
While Tamil terrorism is currently not directed at the United States but at the government in their native Sri Lanka , the proliferation of midget submarines among rogue organizations is on the rise .
Rebel groups in the Philippines and Colombia , among others , are also developing midget - submarine technology .
Future threats
The technology is not only taking on new forms , it 's getting smaller .
As Burlingame explains , " Advances in remote - control technology have created ' robot ' submarines that do n't rely on crew and do n't have to surface . "
Further , as midget submarines enter new markets , the potential for danger only increases .
Burlingame says , " Civilian midget submarines are being designed for private recreation use , and these can be easily modified for military use or terrorism . "
As far as Parks Stephenson is concerned , it 's all come full circle .
" Midget submarines formed the dawn of submarine development and are as potent a threat today as ever , " he says .
" A midget sub was able to penetrate America 's greatest fortress in 1941 and deliver a crippling blow to the battle line of the Pacific Fleet .
A single midget sub today could stealthily deliver a nuclear device capable of atomizing one of America 's largest cities . "
We can only hope that the lessons learned at Pearl Harbor will open our eyes to current threats and help avert another surprise attack , especially one as unthinkable as that .
Fun with Clojure , OpenCV and Face Detection
I have been meaning to play with OpenCV for a while now , the other night , I had some time to kill so I decided to play with it .
OpenCV is a computer vision library originally developed by Intel .
It focuses mainly on real - time image processing .
I assumed by now there are a lot of Java libraries for OpenCV but as it turns out there is only one , and it is a Processing library .
It works with Java out of the box but for Clojure it takes a little more effort .
Grab the OpenCV library , they provide both OpenCV library and Java bindings .
Install OpenCV and copy Java bindings to your extensions folder .
OpenCV library has two constructors ,
OpenCV () Create a new OpenCV instance .
OpenCV( processing.core .
PApplet parent ) Create a new OpenCV instance .
First constructor is for Java and second one is for Processing , if you try to initialize it from Clojure , it will fail trying to locate PApplet class which is distributed with Processing or Arduino IDEs .
Install either one of them , grab core . jar that comes with it and copy that to your extensions folder also .
Alex in the comments mentioned , incanter package contains Processing library , you can just grab it from them instead of installing Arduino or Processing .
It is located in the deps.zip file .
First we need to configure OpenCV object ,
( ns face - detect ( :import ( javax.swing JFrame JLabel Timer ) ( java.awt.event ActionListener KeyAdapter ) ( java.awt Canvas Image Color ) ( java.awt.image MemoryImageSource ) ( hypermedia.video OpenCV ) ) ) ( def frame - rate ( int 1000/30 ) ) ( def width 640 ) ( def height 480 ) ( defn vision [ ] ( doto ( OpenCV . ) ( . capture width height ) ( . cascade OpenCV / CASCADE_FRONTALFACE_ALT ) ) )
We will be capturing from the default webcam and using the FRONTALFACE description file .
You can supply your own for detecting other stuff besides faces .
( defn capture - image [ vis ] ( .read vis ) ( let [ mis ( MemoryImageSource . (. width vis ) ( .height vis ) ( . pixels vis ) 0 (. width vis ) ) ] ( . createImage ( Canvas . ) mis ) ) )
Before processing we need to grab a new frame from the camera , we also build a Image from the data we read to be painted on a component .
( defn detect - face [ vis ] ( .detect vis 1.2 2 OpenCV / HAAR_DO_CANNY_PRUNING 20 20 ) )
Now we are ready to detect object (s ) in the current image depending on the current cascade description .
detect will return an array of rectangles where faces are detected .
( defn capture - action [ vis panel image faces ] ( proxy [ ActionListener ] [ ] ( actionPerformed [ e ] ( dosync ( ref - set image ( capture - image vis ) ) ( ref - set faces ( detect - face vis ) ) ) ( .repaint panel ) ) ) ) ( defn panel [ image faces ] ( proxy [ JLabel ] [ ] ( paint [ g ] ( .drawImage g @image 0 0 nil ) ( .setColor g Color / red ) ( doseq [ square @faces ] ( .drawRect g ( .x square ) ( .y square ) ( . width square ) ( .height square ) ) ) ) ) )
With every tick of the timer , we will grab a new frame from the camera , detect faces in the image then repaint the panel to reflect changes .
( defn key - listener [ vis timer ] ( proxy [ KeyAdapter ] [ ] ( keyReleased [ e ] ( . stop timer ) ( . dispose vis ) ) ) )
You need to properly dispose of OpenCV object or bad things will happen , you are warned .
Just listen for a key event , when the event occurs stop the timer and dispose the OpenCV object .
( defn main [ ] ( let [ vis ( vision ) image ( ref ( capture - image vis ) ) faces ( ref ( detect - face vis ) ) panel ( panel image faces ) timer ( Timer. frame - rate ( capture - action vis panel image faces ) ) ] ( . start timer ) ( doto ( JFrame . ) ( . add panel ) ( .addKeyListener ( key - listener vis timer ) ) ( .setSize width height ) ( . show ) ) ) )
When components assembled and timer started , it 'll start detecting faces .
Bentonville , Arizona , November 15 , 2005
Special to The Raving Atheist
Facing a boycott launched by the Catholic League , Wal - Mart has retracted a series of malicious falsehood it had recently begun spreading regarding the origins of Christmas holiday traditions .
The controversy ignited after the giant retailer received a complaint that it had replaced “ Merry Christmas ” with “ Happy Holidays ” as its official seasonal greeting .
In response , a Wal - Mart customer service representative sent an e-mail asserting that the Christmas celebration was “ an ancient tradition that has its roots in Siberian shamanism . ”
The employee also stated that “ christmas ’ red and white are actually a representation of of the aminita mascera mushroom . . .
Santa is also borrowed from the Caucuses , mistletoe from the Celts , yule log from the Goths , the time from the Visigoth and the tree from the worship of Baal . ”
According to Catholic League President William Donohue , Wal - Mart later issued an apology and “ withdrew its insane statement regarding the origins of Christmas . ”
In a press release issued yesterday , Wal - Mart assured its shoppers that “ Jesus was born under a snow - covered pine tree in Bethlehem , surrounded by presents wrapped in red and white paper , and greeted by chants of ‘ Merry Christmas ’ from Santa and his elves . ”
Wal - Mart further urged its customers to continue their orgy of consumerist gluttony in commemoration of the infant savior , hinting that they could find a great deal on Cardinal ’s Professional Texas Hold ’em Poker Set in Aisle five .
A draft population policy advocates introducing " single - child families " at national level by 2015 to avoid a serious socio-economic debacle due to the country 's ever - increasing population .
The draft policy , now in the final stage with the health and family welfare ministry , strongly suggests involvement of at least 20 other ministries for its implementation .
To speed up family planning activities in the country , the government has taken the initiative to formulate the policy focusing on one child per family instead of current average of 2.7 , said Health and Family Welfare Minister AFM Ruhal Haque .
He added , " Overpopulation is a burden for the country .
If we fail to achieve our target to reduce the present birth rate , it will soon be difficult to meet the basic demands of people .
We may even fail to achieve the Millennium Development Goals by its targeted period of 2015 . "
The Directorate General of Family Planning ( DGFP ) under the health ministry prepared the draft " Population Policy 2009 " to popularise the slogan " no more than two children , one is best " .
According to the draft policy , the parents who have only one child would be provided with due preference in all state facilities including government assistance during admission to educational institutions .
They would also be provided with financial grants and given priority during issuance of VGF / VGD cards .
DGFP Director General Abdul Qayyum said the country at present has a population of 14.88 crore which increases by 18 - 20 lakh each year .
The growing population would create a huge pressure on food security , education , health , housing , sewerage system , power and energy and other sectors , he observed .
" So , we need to address the issue properly by upgrading the population policy 2004 and ensuring its proper implementation , " Qayyum added .
The policy will also encourage every fertile woman to give birth to only one girl child during her total reproduction age .
As the people in the country take several children desiring sons , this move may help stop the population boom .
" We have already completed consultation meetings with the divisional family planning employees and other stakeholders on the draft policy , " Qayyum told The Daily Star .
" After holding detailed discussions and consulting recommendations of experts and physicians , we 'll finalise the policy to make the programme a success . "
Apart from the health and family welfare ministry , 20 other ministries will also be engaged in the government 's bid to control the population growth .
The ministries are primary and mass education , education , LGRD and cooperatives , finance , planning , agriculture , information , social welfare , women and children affairs , youth and sports , cultural affairs , environment and forest , food and disaster management , home affairs , labour and employment , religious affairs , land , industries , public works and science and information communication technology .
The health ministry will lead the population control programme in association with the other ministries and stakeholders including non-government organisations .
The programme mainly emphasises advocacy and campaigns to raise awareness about overpopulation and benefits of one child .
The education ministry is likely to include the family planning issues in the academic curriculum , the agriculture ministry may use their field workers to launch campaigns for small families of the farmers , while the information ministry would direct all television and print media to broadcast and publish special reports on population .
The religious affairs ministry in its initiatives may ask the religious leaders to speak about the population , family planning and the health of mother and child , among other issues .
An inter-ministerial and evaluation committee named National Population Council ( NPC ) headed by the prime minister has already been formed to formulate the policy .
The council also includes the ministers and secretaries concerned , divisional chiefs , heads of leading NGOs , population experts , sociologists and public health experts .
The first population policy was formulated in 1976 , which identified the population problem as the number one national problem .
After that the fertility rate declined significantly and the nation achieved a remarkable success in family planning .
In the past three decades , use of contraceptives by married women increased from eight percent to 56 percent , according to the Bangladesh Demographic and Health Survey 2007 .
The government should introduce a ministry to address the population issue to develop people into skilled manpower , not only to raise awareness of having less children , Prof Nurun Nabi of Population Science Department of Dhaka University told The Daily Star .
The DGFP is now mainly addressing the contraceptive issues , he said adding , " What about the existing 15 - 16 crore people of our small country ?
Everything including the means of people 's survival should be addressed by a ministry . "
I 've recently found myself embedded in the above conversations with morons pretending to be people who have said things that made me wince and think : '' Where do I start ?
If they do n't get the basics , what else do n't they get ?
Is there enough time ?
Can I be fagged ?
I 've got to be in an old people 's home in 2048 . ''
The Queensland teenager facing jail for procuring an abortion by using a pharmaceutical not easily accessible to Australian woman despite it being widely and legally available in Europe and Britain .
'' Sure , women , disabled , gays , non-English speakers , people with a skin colour other than white and folk who have not had the educational and life opportunities most of us take for granted are not all forming chain gangs , locked up in institutions , homeless , kept behind bars or solely employed as servants or sideshows in a circus .
Not all but still some .
'' People who look different , act differently , believe different things than has been constructed as the norm by people with a vested interest in reinforcing their own power have been marginalised and despite huge advances in some cases and token efforts in others , still are .
'' Rich white straight - acting blokes who believe in God , or pretend to , hold a disproportionate amount of the world 's power and have for centuries .
It 's not because , as many would like you to believe , it 's a case of ' we are the best , chuck out the rest ' .
It 's simply due to circumstance .
Class , freedom , money and education are the basis of power .
And access to these is almost entirely due to where you were born and to whom .
Sexually transmitted hereditary privilege and genitally determined advantage .
It is natural for those with power to monopolise it by controlling everyone else via social engineering , religious oppression , financial constraint , access to democracy and fearmongering .
Think access to voting , education , fertility control , representation in government , financial support for people not living in nuclear family situations and equal opportunity in the workplace .
'' To many people this seems logical and common knowledge , but it 's not .
Political correctness has led to more people simply barracking on both sides in the face of discrimination and injustice issues without understanding how we got here , what 's keeping us here , why we need to move on and what 's holding us back .
'' Rich white straight - acting blokes who believe in God , or pretend to , have a disproportionate amount of power , which is not going to be destabilised by a joke here or some affirmative action there .
Despite any illusion of injustice they may choose to employ .
It was an encounter one Ozark 10 - year - old will likely never forget .
Called to a home to help control an allegedly “ unruly child , ” an Ozark police officer was reportedly told by the girl ’s mother that he could use the electric weapon to subdue her , according to 40 / 29 News Arkansas .
However , the girl supposedly kicked the officer in the groin when he approached .
“ He had no other choice [ but to Taser her ] , ” Ozark Police Choief Jim Noggle reportedly said .
“ He had to get the child under control . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Associated Press , the officer ’s name is Dustin Bradshaw .
His aggressive approach to dealing with a child has the girl ’s father enraged .
“ If you ca n’t pick the kid up and take her to your car , handcuff her , then I do n’t think you need to be an officer , ” Anthony Medlock reportedly said .
Ozark police argued that had the officer grabbed the girl , he could have hurt her .
“ If you grab somebody , you can slip an arm out of joint , ” the police chief added .
“ They can slip from you and fall on the ground . ”
The department ’s policy is to use a Taser on anyone who is thought to be a threat to others , regardless of age or mental stature , according to 40 / 29 News .
Other area departments have greater restrictions on Taser use .
Medlock also reportedly said the incident is not the first in which the girl ’s mother has called the police on her daughter .
He plans to seek custody of the girl due to the latest police encounter .
ADVERTISEMENT
The girl has not been named because she is a minor .
premium_icon
Open or shut : Gutwein ’s great dilemma
our say Deciding exactly when to open the borders will be challenging but at some point we absolutely need to take that step and if we ’re not adequately prepared enough now , what exactly do we need to do and by when to ensure that we are , writes Jenna Cairney .
Thinking about getting Demon 's Souls ?
What does this game have to offer that any other RPG does n't ?
— have a look at the Concepts page !
All the videos make this more like a hack - n- slash than an RPG .
— have you seen the Classes page ?
Or the Stats page ?
I hear quite a bit about the innovative multiplayer …
— take a jaunt over to the Online page !
Do the servers have special events ?
— yes , they do !
Check out the Events page to see what 's going on !
That sounds cool , but who else would I play with ?
— people on this wiki tend to keep the PSN ID 's page up to date
There are five versions of this game out now .
Which should I get ?
— the Versions page should help you decide
• A closer look at Reliant turf
Bill Belichick 's postgame news conferences are never convivial affairs , but his responses to questions Sunday , after the Texans rallied for 21 fourth - quarter points to beat his New England Patriots , seemed even more clipped and cryptic than usual .
Now we know why .
The coach was seething inside about the “ terrible condition ” of the Reliant Stadium turf , on which Patriots receiver Wes Welker had earlier suffered two torn knee ligaments without being hit .
Welker , the NFL 's leading receiver with 123 catches , will need reconstructive surgery .
Belichick bit his tongue in Houston but has subsequently unloaded .
“ For the level of play we have in the National Football League , I think consistency on the field would be priority No. 1 , ” Belichick complained on his Boston - area radio show .
“ We talk about players ' safety , about hits and all that , and that 's certainly an area that should always be addressed .
There 's nothing more important than player safety .
To me , player safety starts on the surface that we play on . ”
He called Reliant 's field , which is made up of large , thick squares of living grass resting on tray - like pallets , “ just inconsistent .
It 's all the little trays of grass and some of them are soft and some of them are firm , and they do n't all fit well together , those seams .
Some of it feels like a sponge , some of it feels real firm and hard like the Miami surface .
One step you 're on one , the other step you 're on another . ”
Belichick was seen huddling with a group of his offensive linemen at midfield before the game .
The Boston Globe reported a couple of the players pointed at the ground and Belichick kicked at the grass , loosening a divot .
Then , a little over five minutes into the game after Welker had caught a short pass from Tom Brady , he cut sharply to avoid Texans safety Bernard Pollard and went down without being hit .
“ I really think it 's one of the worst fields I 've seen , ” said Belichick , who won one of his three Super Bowls at Reliant in 2004 .
“ I walked out there and I thought it was terrible .
You think it 's going to grab and it gives .
You think it 's going to give and it grabs .
That 's where you get those non-contact injuries like we saw Sunday . ”
Brett Coomer / Chronicle
Welker injury prompts ire
A spokesperson for SMG , the stadium 's management company and thus responsible for the condition of the field , said it would have no comment on Belichick 's criticism .
Reached Wednesday , Texans owner Bob McNair said he was unaware of Belichick 's tirade , but he staunchly defended the Reliant surface .
“ If we'd had one of our best players injured on the field , I 'd probably not feel good , either , ” McNair said .
“ I was sorry to see Welker go down , too .
But , when he made the cut —
I 've looked at it on film — his foot did n't slip out from under him .
His knee just gave away .
“ The field was in good shape .
None of our players complained about it .
We all played on the same field , and we did n't experience those problems .
...
Having seen the condition of some of the fields up in the Northeast , I do n't see how he could complain about ours . ”
The Texans lost Pro Bowl tight end Owen Daniels under similar circumstances in Buffalo at midseason .
Daniels also went down while changing direction and was never hit , but no one in the Texans organization blamed Rich Stadium 's artificial turf .
The Texas Bowl between Navy and Missouri had been played on the Reliant field Thursday and the quick turnaround made it impossible for all of the turf squares to be replaced , so the change - out was limited to midfield , the end zones and sections where the numbers were .
The difference in the appearance of the new and the old grass was discernible from above .
Patriots players , however did n't appear to be overly upset about the footing .
“ There were a couple slick spots , ” safety James Sanders said after the game .
“ Our job is to show up and play on Sundays , no matter what the conditions are .
The footing was n't that bad . ”
Added wide receiver Julian Edelman : “ It was a little soggy , but it was n't too bad . ”
A survey done five years ago rated Reliant 's field the fourth best in the NFL .
The same portable grass system has been in place since the stadium opened in 2002 .
“ If you look at it through the years , there has n't been any real problems that I can think of , ” said Texans right tackle Eric Winston , who has started every game at Reliant since early in 2006 .
“ No chronic injuries in certain spots , no rash of certain kinds of injuries .
It feels the same every week .
They do a good job of putting it together .
( The field ) is OK by us .
It 's kind of hard to believe that 's what caused ( Welker 's injury ) .
You never know with the ( seams where the trays of turf met ) , if he caught one bad , but I think it 's one of those deals that was just a turn of bad luck . ”
‘ Silly nonsense ' to Pitts
Guard Chester Pitts , an original Texan who may have spent more time playing on the Reliant surface than anyone , was livid about Belichick 's criticism , calling it “ silly nonsense . ”
“ I would bet every dollar I have that our field is top five in every category from looking good to being functional to being smooth and thick , ” Pitts said .
“ As offensive linemen , we can even wear our nubby , Cadillac - type cleats on it .
Our grounds crew spends all that time and energy doing a great job all year around and then suddenly , because Belichick loses a guy , it 's a bad field ?
In comparison to that sorry Field Turf field ( the Patriots ) play on and that a lot of the teams use to take the easy way out and save money ... ah , just be quiet . ”
dale.robertson@chron.com
ALESSANDRA RIZZO
Huffington Post
January 12 , 2010
[ efoods ]
VATICAN CITY —
The Vatican newspaper and radio station have called the film “ Avatar ” simplistic , and criticized it for flirting with modern doctrines that promote the worship of nature as a substitute for religion .
L’Osservatore Romano and Vatican Radio dedicated ample coverage to James Cameron ’s big - grossing , 3 - D spectacle .
But the reviews were lukewarm , calling the movie superficial in its eco-message , despite groundbreaking visual effects .
L’Osservatore said the film “ gets bogged down by a spiritualism linked to the worship of nature . ”
Similarly , Vatican Radio said it “ cleverly winks at all those pseudo - doctrines that turn ecology into the religion of the millennium . ”
“ Nature is no longer a creation to defend , but a divinity to worship , ” the radio said .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Republican Party is seeking input and money from GOP voters — seemingly under the guise of the U.S. Census Bureau .
“ Strengthening our Party for the 2010 elections is going to take a massive grass - roots effort all across America .
That is why I have authorized a Census to be conducted of every Congressional District in the country , ” GOP Chairman Michael Steele says in a letter mailed nationwide .
ADVERTISEMENT
The letter was sent in plain white envelopes marked “ Do Not Destroy , Official Document . ”
Labeled “ 2010 Congressional District Census , ” the letter uses a capital “ C , ” the same as the Census Bureau .
It also includes a “ Census Tracking Code . ”
The letter makes a plea for money and accompanies a form asking voters to identify their political leanings and issues important to them .
There are no disclaimers that participation in the GOP effort is voluntary ; participation in the government census is required by law .
Failure to participate carries a $ 5,000 fine , though it is rarely enforced .
Sara Sendek , a Republican National Committee spokeswoman , said the letter was not an attempt to mislead voters .
“ The document clearly indicates that it is an RNC mailer .
The purpose of this document is to gather Republican opinion from across the country and raise a little money , ” Sendek said .
The letter asks political questions , including , “ Do you think the record trillion dollar federal deficit the Democrats are creating with their out - of - control spending is going to have disastrous consequences for our nation ? ” and , “ Do you worry that the Obama administration is committed to greatly expanding the government ’s role in your life ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats said the letter was part of a deceptive pattern by Republicans .
They said it could mislead voters to believe it ’s part of the nationwide census being conducted this year .
The Census Bureau officially begins its head count this week in rural Alaska ; the count for the rest of the nation begins in March .
“ When you have no new ideas to offer , all you are left with are the deceptive ideas , ” said Hari Sevugan , a Democratic National Committee spokesman .
U.S. Census Bureau spokesman Michael Cook says he has received several complaints over the past week from voters who believed the letter was misleading .
Cook says the agency is still deciding what steps to take .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Carolyn Maloney , D - N.Y. , asked the Postal Service to investigate complaints about the letters in December and was rebuffed .
Ken Currier , manager of government relations for the postal service , said it ’s clear the document was not from the government .
Maloney said she is considering legislation to make it clear such mailings are not allowed .
Among the recipients was Democratic Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer , whose letter arrived at the governor ’s mansion .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Republicans have said they want to get a bigger tent , ” Schweitzer told The Associated Press , “ so perhaps they are trying to lure a politician into the Republican Party that can actually balance a budget . ”
A gallon of Hennessey , no flights on Southwest , no rotary phones and more .
The Smoking Gun has an incredible collection of concert riders — those are the documents that artists send along to concert venues with their demands .
Yesterday , I found myself reading every single one of the hip - hop ones — I figured they had the highest probability of ridiculousness and hilarity — and , as I went through , I compiled this list of the highlights .
Here are the 11 most insane demands that rappers have made in their concert riders .
Enjoy .
1 | DMX
three boxes of condoms and one * gallon* of Hennessy
Longtime readers will know I have an ongoing love affair with DMX ’s insanity ( as chronicled in my 11 Most Ridiculous DMX Moments list ) .
I love both of these requests .
It ’s a hell of a rough rider .
Ahem .
First off , that ’s an absolutely insane amount of Hennessy .
No other artist demands any quantity of alcohol even close to that .
For the cheaper Hennessy , that ’s $ 300 worth … for the more expensive kind , it could be $ 800 worth .
If I was running a concert venue , I ’d pour the four bottles of Hennessy into an empty milk jug .
Or into 20 percent of a five - gallon cowboy hat .
And second … three boxes of condoms .
THREE .
Per concert .
I guess he does n’t want to impregnate another woman who rapes him .
2 | Nelly
“ absolutely no flights on Southwest Airlines . ”
I guess Nelly does n’t want to have to check in 24 hours in advance to make sure he’s in the A1 - A50 boarding group .
3 | Puff Daddy
all food inspected for hair
In his rider , he demands :
Before serving , all food and ice must be inspected for hair , package , paper , etc. , and all catering staff must wear hair nets .
Either Puffy had a bad experience once upon a time with hair in his food … or this is one of his many delusions of grandeur .
( I ’m a king who must have all food inspected for imperfections and tasted for poison ! )
For some reason , I ’m thinking it ’s option B .
The guy had a full time umbrella holder on staff — he ’s probably got a food tester too .
4 | Public Enemy
Kosher food
This is absurdly strange for two reasons .
One , Public Enemy is famously associated with anti-Semitism , highlighted by Professor Griff ’s rant about how “ Jews are responsible for the majority of wickedness in the world . ”
And two , while I get that Islamic dietary restrictions follow basic Kosher rules ( as do , I guess , Nation of Islam dietary restrictions ) … other parts of PE ’s rider completely belie the Kosher demand … starting with their request for one bucket of KFC .
( They also demand a party tray with “ kosher meat and … American and Swiss cheese . ” )
5 | 50 Cent
box of Cuban cigars
50 ’s the only person who demands that the venue commit a crime to make him happy .
6 | Jay Z
pick up in a black Maybach 57 or 62
This guy really picked a brand identity for himself that he ’s sticking to , huh ?
It would be like Larry the Cable Guy demanding to be picked up in a Trans Am . Or He -Man demanding to be picked up by a giant , talking , green tiger .
7 | Bow Wow
no rotary phones
I get that younger generations do n’t know how to use the rotary dial … but are they really so prevalent that his team has to specifically demand a “ push - button type ” phone in Bow Wow ’s dressing room ?
They should also make sure to specify that he needs a computer ( no Amiga or Tandy ) , a car ( no horse - and - buggy or steam locomotive ) and bathroom ( no outhouse with a crescent moon carved on the door ) .
8 | Queen Latifah
a KFC appetizer and condoms for dessert
Back before Queen Latifah found some success as a Serious Actress ( and zero success as a singer ) , she was touring as a rapper .
In her rider , she demands a 12 piece bucket of KFC but makes sure to note “ Kentucky Fried Chicken is not considered dinner . ” I tend to disagree .
When you make deep - fried chicken ( at 110 to 370 calories and 7 to 21 grams of fat per piece ) an appetizer , that becomes a very slippery slope .
That ’s the zone where you start having Chipotle “ just to tide you over ” or hiring Lionel Hutz to sue seafood restaurants for running out of food in their all - you - can - eat buffets .
She also demands a 12 - pack of “ Lifestyle or Rough Rider condoms ” backstage .
And far be it for me to make some judgmental comment about her promiscuity when , earlier , I found DMX ’s to be hilarious .
( After all , I am the guy who wrote a 2,700 - word list about why people need to stop taking out their latent sexist feelings on the WNBA . )
Plus , according to the only one of Queen Latifah ’s songs I know , she ’s not a bitch or a ho .
And who am I to defy the principles of U - N - I - T - Y . I do n’t want her to turn around and punch me dead in the eye .
9 | Gnarls Barkley
the room of stereotypes
Each of the two members of Gnarls Barkley has his own room .
They do n’t specify which room belongs to which guy .
All we know is that one room is stocked to the brim with stereotypes — a bucket of fried chicken , grape jelly , Hennessy , a pack of Magnum condoms and a pack of Swisher Sweets blunts — and the other room goes much more , um , honkified — with Newcastle and Stella Artois beer , ginger ale , Snapple iced tea , banana muffins , and , for some reason , a pack of men ’s white athletic socks .
Although both guys in Gnarls Barkley are black , I ’m going to blindly speculate that the condom / blunt / Henny room is Cee - Lo ’s , since it also calls for hot water , tea and honey … and he does the vocals for the group .
And , if so … good for him knowing how to relax in style at a show , stereotypes be damned .
If I put together a rider I ’m not going to be afraid to demand that they provide gefilte fish , a humidifier , and a sweater and gloves that I can put on should it get too cold in there .
10 | Snoop Dogg
for the love of God , a Playstation
This rider is 10 years old , so maybe Snoop ’s not quite this video game obsessed anymore in his old age .
But back in 1999 , he made it very clear :
All he cared about backstage were video games .
He does n’t demand alcohol or condoms or fancy cigars or name brand sodas or anything .
Just , repeatedly , a Playstation .
The best of the Playstation demands reads :
VERY IMPORTANT : Snoop ’s dressing room should have one complete Sony Playstation with miscellaneous 1999 sports video cartridges ( Madden 99 , NBA Live 99 , NCAA College 99 , Triple Play 99 , and four controls ) and an appropriate video screen … please trust that this will be some of the most important money you spend .
Trivia fact : Madden 99 had two different covers , one with John Madden … and one with Garrison Hearst .
Now THAT ’S star power .
11 | Ja Rule
the bus driver has to sleep on a separate floor
Not sure why Ja Rule has beef with his bus driver but , in the lodging section of his rider , he specifically calls the guy out :
“ When there is a room provided for the bus driver , this room is to be located on a different floor from artist . ”
Man I hope that comes back to bite him in a couple of years when his downward career spiral is complete and he ’s some other artist ’s bus driver .
—
You may also like …
11 Favorite Rappers ’ Real Names
11 Hip -Hop Lyrics That Are Supposed to Be Romantic But Fail Miserably
11 Most Ridiculous DMX Moments
11 Fast Food Shout - Outs In Songs , Ranked From Positive To Negative
Salt - N- Pepa ’s 33 Characteristics of a Mighty , Mighty Good Man , Ranked by Difficulty to Achieve
Take a look through your cupboards .
Read the ingredient labels on your organic and natural food products ( and your conventional ones ) .
You ’ll likely see soy lecithin on a large proportion of labels .
You probably do n’t know that the soy lecithin in your organic food is most likely from non-organic genetically modified soybeans .
Does n’t the National Organic Rule prohibit the use of both non-organic ingredients and GMOs ?
It does , but there is one important thing to know about this rule …. foods can be labeled organic if they contain at least 95 % organic ingredients .
The other 5 % can be non-organic .
Furthermore , if a product is not available in organic form , it might be on a list of exceptions to the rule .
Organic soy lecithin was not available when the National Organic Rule was written , so it made the list .
Organic soy lecithin is available now , but manufacturers have no incentive to switch as long as it is still allowed under the organic rule ( and it ’s cheaper ) .
The USDA is currently considering comments on a proposed change to the rule .
A decision is expected in the spring .
Why is it in my food ?
In industrial applications soy lecithin acts like egg yolks and has similar emulsification properties .
In fact , egg yolks also contain lecithin , but now that soy lecithin is available it is rarely used .
Soy lecithin is what makes margarine and peanut butter spreadable , chocolate coatings smooth , batters pourable , ice cream creamy .
It also facilitates mixing and prevents spattering during cooking , and extends the shelf life of foods .
How is it made ?
It ’s a byproduct of soybean oil that is extracted during processing .
We ’ve already talked about the heavy processing soy protein goes through before it ends up in countless foods .
Soy lecithin is extracted from soy oil in a similarly industrial manner .
First , water is added to the oil and put in a centrifuge to separate the lecithin from the oil , then it is generally bleached with hydrogen peroxide .
The product is then dried and sometimes it is further refined with acetone .
Add to this the fact that nearly 90 % of the soy grown in the U.S. is genetically modified and heavily sprayed with pesticides , and you have to wonder if you should be eating it .
What can I do ?
Eat unprocessed , whole foods for the most part , and seek out food manufacturers who are doing the right thing and switching over to organic soy lecithin without being forced by a rule change .
This is unconfirmed , but there a few chocolate brands I ’ve read about on the internets that use organic soy lecithin , but you still need to read the labels because they may not use it in all of their products .
These include Lake Champlain , Dagoba , Endangered Species Sjaaks , Sweet Earth , and Green and Black’s .
Please comment if you know of other food companies / products using organic soy lecithin .
Sources :
United Soybean Board
Treehugger
Weston A Price Foundation
Soy info Center
Image : jessicafm
Meet Chloe and listen as she lets you in on a few of her secrets and tells you a bit about herself .
She loves being hairy !
Movie Available in :
A while ago I was reading up on Starblade , one of the first commercial polygon - based games .
What really struck me about the game was just how smooth it was compared to its spiritual successor , Starfox ( granted the above links are YouTube videos that do n’t accurately reflect framerates , but the differences are still quite noticeable ) .
It ’s an extreme case , but one that nicely demonstrates the importance of rendering speeds .
Of course no one ever complains about games being too smooth , but the debate of 30 fps vs. 60 fps continues to pop up .
What ’s more , the 60 fps side keeps losing ground , often to the argument that humans can’t really detect more than 30 frames in a single second .
And that is completely untrue .
It ’s an inherently flawed statement as humans are not digital machines .
The human brain is always on , always receiving input .
Light hits our eyes as a wave , and the information it carries is almost instantly transmitted to the Visual Cortex .
The brain analyzes this data , focusing on changes brought on by motion and fluctuations in intensity .
Displacement is interpolated via motion blur and identical input is discarded to avoid extraneous processing .
The “ decoded ” image is further analyzed by various parts of the brain , but the overall process — as complex as it is — is quite fast and versatile .
Much faster than 30 fps .
Faster than 60 fps , in fact .
So where does the myth of 30 fps come from ?
Well , film and TV for the most part , but the framerates of those media are not analogous to those of videogames .
Others have written extensively about the topic , so I wo n’t go too deeply into it .
What I ’d like to talk about , though , is why high framerates are important to games .
As a preface , different titles obviously have different requirements , and some suffer more from a low FPS than others .
Also , the reasons for Insomniac ’s decision to move away from their 60 fps standard were completely understandable , if a little painful to accept .
With that said , here ’s why I think high framerates are important :
1. Granularity
The framerate of a game is usually directly tied to the processing of its logic .
As a result , action games that run at 30 fps cannot have the same granularity of movement as those that run at 60 fps .
This might not matter much for turn - based strategy titles , but it makes an awful lot of shmups technically impossible to do at lower framerates .
2. Input Lag
Games are inherently an interactive medium , and as such the response times for input need to be virtually instant .
On the hardware side this is rarely an issue , but a stuttering framerate can reduce the response times and greatly detract from the overall experience ( especially in “ twitch ” titles ) .
3. Consistency
30 fps is n’t bad , but what most people fail to realize is that it ’s often the “ ceiling ” measurement , i.e. , the best case scenario .
Unlike TV and film , games are dynamic , and the processing required to render any given scene can fluctuate quite significantly .
As a result , 30 fps games actually tend to run at a rate of 20 - 30 fps .
These sort of inconsistencies can be very difficult to avoid , but they ’re much less noticeable with higher benchmarks .
4. Motion Blur
Motion blur is the biggest reason TV and film get away with smaller framerates .
The phenomenon of motion blur relies on the human brain ’s ability to stitch together a series of blurred images into a single , smooth animation .
Until fairly recently , games had absolutely no motion blurring , and even these days it does n’t have quite the same effect .
The reason for this is that post - process blurring is not always accurate , and in many cases purposely exaggerated to create a distinctive visual effect .
To properly accommodate for all these factors , a high framerate is a must .
And when it ’s there , it creates a certain synchronization between the player and the game ; a smooth flow that more developers should strive to achieve .
EXCLUSIVE :
President Obama has cut off communication with Republican leaders , going more than four months without hosting the bipartisan congressional leadership at the White House to discuss his health care proposal , the No. 2 Republican in the House said Wednesday .
Minority Whip Eric Cantor , Virginia Republican , told The Washington Times that health care reform has been an “ utter disaster ” for Mr. Obama and predicted if he pushes through a public option as part of a final bill , Republicans will win back at least one chamber of Congress in the 2010 elections .
Mr. Cantor said Mr. Obama initially asked for Republican help on health care , but Republicans have heard nothing since they offered their ideas .
“ No matter what the cry is from the White House , no matter what the president claims , they have not engaged with us , ” he said .
“ The White House at this point has shut down , as far as any kind of engagement .
I think that the last time that we as a Republican leadership were at the White House was in May , and that ’s when they called us in at the beginning of the health care discussion so that they could get our ideas , ” Mr. Cantor said .
“ The president enlisted us and said we want your ideas .
[ Minority Leader John A. ]
Boehner and I sent a letter to the White House in response to that request .
Nothing . ”
The White House disputed Mr. Cantor ’s assertion , saying that just last week , Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius invited Rep. Tom Price and the Republican Study Committee to sit down and discuss the proposal .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Republicans are welcome to join the discussion - if they offer a comprehensive plan of their own .
“ We ’d be happy to evaluate their comprehensive proposal to provide health care reform to the American people .
If you want to get it from them , I ’ll be happy to take it over to [ legislative ] affairs , ” Mr. Gibbs said .
Mr. Gibbs also said Republicans could take advantage of “ a series of two - way streets between here and Capitol Hill ” if they want to be constructive .
Mr. Obama has courted some Senate Republicans on health care - Sen. Olympia J. Snowe of Maine , in particular - though so far he has not secured any guarantees of Senate Republicans ’ support .
Officials on both sides jockeyed Wednesday to create the impression that it was the other party that was stonewalling progress .
Where they agreed is that there has been no meaningful exchange .
A spokesman for Mr. Price acknowledged that he had received the invitation from the health secretary , but said the Oct. 7 meeting was the result of repeated requests to meet with the president about the Republicans ’ health care bill .
Nonetheless , Mr. Cantor said , there are areas of agreement that both sides should be able to work on , including coverage for major pre-existing conditions , portability of insurance when workers change jobs , and changes to medical - malpractice laws .
But he said Mr. Obama needs to reject the public option and reset the debate to take advantage of bipartisan opportunities .
Mr. Cantor said the president came into office with plenty of political capital , but spent it on the $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill and on getting a global - warming bill passed in the House early this summer .
He said Mr. Obama got no return on those investments of political capital , and said the president is now running on empty .
He said Mr. Obama at times has appeared to be “ outsourcing ” his leadership role on legislative matters to liberal congressional leaders in his party , and he challenged the president “ to step up and show leadership on this . ”
Mr. Cantor said he hopes a bipartisan bill is possible this year , but added that lies in Democrats ’ hands .
On Republicans ’ future , the congressman said they have not yet done enough work on issues like spending to convince voters they ’re ready to lead .
“ Yes , I believe that out - of - control spending contributed to our losing the majority .
Yes , I believe that we ’ve made progress on that issue , but no , I do n’t believe we ’re there yet , ” he said .
On the bipartisan leadership meetings , Mr. Obama did hold some earlier in the year .
And Mr. Cantor said the president did ask for Republican ideas on the stimulus bill .
But Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ’s office confirmed that the last bipartisan , bicameral meeting at the White House was May 13 .
Some have argued the meetings may be of little use anyway .
That was the view then - Minority Leader Harry Reid took in 2005 toward his meetings with President Bush .
Mr. Reid , Nevada Democrat , said the president was always on time , but spent about 50 minutes talking about his own views and leaving the others a few minutes at the end to pose questions or make comments .
“ I guess what I ’m saying is , he gives us a lecture , ” Mr. Reid told reporters in 2005 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has named five new senators , including former Ontario cabinet minister Bob Runciman , giving the Tories effective control in both houses of Parliament and greater sway over the legislative agenda .
The appointment of five new Senators mean the Conservatives hold the most seats of any party in the Senate , though not a majority .
( ( Kerry Wall / CBC ) )
Vim Kochhar , a businessman and disabled persons advocate , was also appointed for Ontario .
The other appointments were :
Victims rights activist Pierre - Hugues Boisvenu for Quebec .
Former provincial auditor general Elizabeth Marshall for Newfoundland and Labrador .
Current Conservative MLA Rose - May Poirier for New Brunswick .
In filling the five vacancies , the prime minister gives his Conservative Party 51 members in the Senate , two more than the Liberals .
Two Progressive Conservatives and three unaffiliated members hold the remaining seats in the 105 - seat Senate .
While the Conservatives wo n't have an absolute majority , the appointments give them plurality needed to exercise greater control over newly formed Senate committees .
Breakdown for 105 - seat Senate Liberal 49 Conservative 46 * Progressive Conservative 2 Independent or non-aligned 3
*( Will rise to 51 after five new Senators are sworn in )
The appointments marked the third time in a little more than a year that Harper has added members to the Senate .
In December 2008 , Harper named 18 new senators , and in August he appointed another nine members .
Opposition blasts appointments as ' hypocritical '
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff said the announcements go against the Harper government 's oft - stated goal to either reform the Senate into an elected body or abolish it .
" It ’s incredibly hypocritical on his part , " said the Opposition leader .
" He has broken his promise to reform the Senate and now he ’s filling the Senate with his Conservative friends . "
David Christopherson , the NDP critic on democratic reform , called the appointments the continuation of " a farce " to see " who got the Cash - for - Life lottery tickets this year . "
Christopherson said the question of reforming or abolishing the upper house should be put to the public in a special referendum , but questioned whether the Conservatives or Liberals want such a vote .
Canadian Taxpayers Federation director Kevin Gaudet , an outspoken critic of the unelected nature of the Senate , said the appointments should be Harper 's last as prime minister .
" Now , with control of the Senate , this is the time for the prime minister to stick a fork in the ' House of Pork . '
It is time to make senators elected and accountable , " he said in a statement .
Crime bill to be reintroduced in Senate
Harper said in a statement the new senators have pledged to support reforms to the Senate , including legislation to limit Senate terms to eight years .
" These new senators are committed to community safety and justice for the victims of crime , " the prime minister said in a statement .
" I look forward to working with each towards making our communities safer and protecting families from crime . "
Rose - May Poirier has been appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Stephen Harper . ( ( Government of New Brunswick ) )
Conservative Justice Minister Rob Nicholson said in a news conference in Ottawa on Friday the new senators were committed to the government 's crime legislation .
Nicholson also said the government planned to reintroduce Bill C - 15 , which imposed tougher sentences for serious drug offences , to the Senate in its original form , saying the bill before the House of Commons had been " gutted " by the opposition Liberals .
Politicians , advocates , make up appointees
The appointments continue the Conservative trend of selecting candidates with experience in politics .
Three of the appointees have served as Conservative members of provincial legislatures .
Runciman has served as a member of provincial parliament in Ontario since 1981 , and has acted as a cabinet minister under three premiers , as the head of public safety and as the solicitor general for the province .
Marshall was the auditor general of Newfoundland and Labrador for 10 years prior to her election as a member of the house of assembly in 2003 .
Poirier , first elected in 1999 , has served as minister of the Office of Human Resources in New Brunswick .
The appointment of Boisvenu is of note given the government framed the announcement around its tough - on - crime agenda .
Boisvenu founded a provincial association to help families of victims after his daughter Julie was killed in the summer of 2002 .
The 27 - year - old woman was kidnapped and murdered by a man who had been released on parole .
India - born businessman Kochhar was cited for his role in creating the Canadian Foundation for Physically Disabled Persons and his work with a number of other charitable organizations .
Hover computer mouse over the boxes to see who 's sitting in the Senate .
If you 're reading this post , you probably love trivia and game shows as much of the rest of us _flossers .
So chances are you 've watched at least one episode of Cash Cab on Discovery Channel , right ?
And chances are you 've wondered whether it was rigged or not .
Well , the short answer is no , it 's not rigged .
The more complicated answer is : eh , sometimes sorta .
Mixed in with my narrative below , you 'll find seven first - person accounts I scooped off the Web to give you a clear understanding of how the show , er , rolls .
First of all , the cab is a real , licensed cab .
While host Ben Bailey is actually a comedian , he HAS taken and passed the New York City cabbie exam and is a licensed cab driver .
The money he hands out is n't real , but if contestants win , they 're sent a real check after the show airs .
( This is probably done for tax purposes so the network and the IRS can track the money , legally . )
After the contestants agree to be on the show , a production assistant gets in and sits shotgun .
He / she helps Ben along the route , though the questions are fed into Ben 's earpiece as he drives .
So what about the contestants ?
Well , basically about
Â½ of them are pre-screened and about Â½ are actually randoms off the street .
In fact , if you look closely at the credits at the end , you 'll notice the line : " Some contestants have been pre-screened prior to their appearance on the show . " 
So let 's tackle those contestants first .
Here are a couple excerpts from first - person accounts -- actual contestants talking about their experiences , most found over on Yelp .
Contestant # 1
Basically , I was interviewed in Union Square Park for a show called " Show Me New York , " which would feature New Yorkers of all walks of life talking about their favorite spots in the city .
Awesome , right ???
I was n't sure why that show required a trivia quiz in the interview ( maybe they did n't want anyone stupid on - air ? ) , but I aced it .
After 2 weeks of emails with the producers , I got my film date .
My friend and I waited for a cab , which we were told would take us to Century 21 downtown , where we were going to film our segment .
Except , when the cab pulled up .... the obvious happened ... ... I 'm episode 45 if anyone is interested .
Contestant # 2
I , too , was picked up in Union Square to be in this show !
Same scenario as [ contestant # 1 ] and we had to fill out this ridiculously long survey which obviously meant nothing since it was fake .
Alas , we frickin lost one block away from our destination and we did n't even think to use our street shout - out !
I 'm telling you , it 's easy to say ' that 's so easy , I could have been on the show " , but when you 're in that cab and those lights are all over the place and Ben Bailey 's staring at you to answer the question , 30 seconds is just NOT enough time !
I got a stupid shirt for playing ( and losing ) and every time I wear it to the gym someone has to comment .
They say " hey ! you were on the show ! did you win ? ? " .
And I always answer : I 'm wearing this shirt .
What do you think ? "
Guess that 's the closest I 'll get to being a celebrity - I 'll take it ! :-)
Contestant # 3
My husband and I were recruited for a " smart " tourism show to talk about our favorite places in New York .
They told us to get in a cab and meet them at the destination .
Lights came on and you know the rest .
Unfortunately , my husband and I disagreed on an answer .
I deferred to him because I thought he was an expert on the subject , and my answer came from a dirty joke .
Turns out I was right and he was n't and out on the curb we went .
My street shout - out ?
We happened to pick someone who started cursing out the crew like a crack addict .
Ben Bailey said that had never happened before .
I do n't know if this ever aired .
Contestant # 4
I was on the show and although we had fun it is a scam !
I met a rep after responding for an on - camera role for a " travel show " and after passing a current events oral exam ( 20 questions ) I was told that I was what they were seeking .
I was then informed that I was going to receive a call that would direct me to a location where I would be expected to speak about .
At that point I knew something was n't on the up and up but I figured what the hell ... nothing ventured - nothing gained .
Then they threw me an even weirder curveball , I was asked to bring one to two additional people along .
When I inquired why - especially after they wanted to know my depth of topical news etc. , they said that more people helped the shot .
Being a NYC radio talk show host and on - camera host I was getting more leary {sic} about going through with a situation that got more bizarre by the day but I did .
My plan was to simply tell them NO THANKS or go scratch depending on how funky the scenario was if I decided to pull the plug .
My buddy and his girlfriend accompanied me and we did very well ( 1 wrong answer and we gambled on the grand prize and lost : ( Yes , I was disenchanted over the misrepresentation but I had some laughs and it made for compelling content ... or at least that 's what others told me .
Buyer ... or respondents BEWARE . ;
Contestant #
5
So then what about the randoms who are n't pre-screened ?
There are many people out there talking about how they were picked up by the Cash Can , but the best example I could find was from a redditor , who had a lot to say , answering questions from other redditors .
You can read the whole thread here , but below are some excerpts :
Yes , I could n't tell it was the Cash Cab , but there was a 10 minute period after he hit the lights where they stopped , a PA came and talked to me , told me the rules , I signed a waiver , and continued , but that 's entirely cut out .
I had the chance to opt out , but I do n't know if they would 've still driven me .
My guess is no .
Contestant #6
This person was very excited to be on .
Cash Cab is REAL !!!
I was on it yesterday !!!
I can't say if i won or lost , but BEN ROCKS !!!
Contestant # 7
Another blogger raves ...
My friend Kristian and I found ourselves stepping into quite a surprise today .
I wo n't give away the details , since I want the show to remain successful , but hot sh*t was it a fun time !
And we won !
We really did .
There were a few close calls , of course .
In fact , we got the first fucking question wrong !
I was not pleased .
But , in the end , we walked away with quite the pocket full of pennies .
We even won the video challenge / double - or - nothing question at the end and doubled our score !
I do n't know when our episode will air , but rest assured , America 's favorite bald spot will be seen on the Discovery Channel before too long .
We could n't have done it without the help of my friend Brian aka Taco Bull .
He was our " lifeline " and he answered a question correctly for us !
Anyone have any experience with the show ?
Feel free to tell us about it below !
Sure , it ’s terrific for turning human actors into big blue alien Na’vis .
But the photorealistic CGI technology James Cameron perfected for Avatar could easily be used for other , even more mind - blowing purposes — like , say , bringing Humphrey Bogart back to life , or making Clint Eastwood look 35 again .
“ How about another Dirty Harry movie where Clint looks the way he looked in 1975 ? ” Cameron suggests .
“ Or a James Bond movie where Sean Connery looks the way he did in Doctor No ?
How cool would that be ? ”
In a way , Cameron has already pulled off this trick : Sigourney Weaver appears to drop 20 years whenever she slips her consciousness into an alien body in Avatar .
But Cameron ’s facial scanning process is so precise — zeroing in to the very pores of an actor ’s skin — that virtually any manipulation is possible .
You may not be able to totally replace an actor —
“ There ’s no way to scan what ’s underneath the surface to what the actor is feeling , ” the director notes — but it is now theoretically possible to extend careers by digitally keeping stars young pretty much forever .
“ If Tom Cruise left instructions for his estate that it was okay to use his likeness in Mission Impossible movies for the next 500 years , I would say that would be fine , ” says Cameron .
Less fine , at least to Cameron , is bringing long dead stars back to life .
“ You could put Marilyn Monroe and Humphrey Bogart in a movie together , but it would n’t be them .
You ’d have to have somebody play them .
And that ’s where I think you cross an ethical boundary … ”
MILWAUKEE -- Pepsi's Super Bowl streak is over after a 23 - year run .
Ads for the drinks wo n't appear in next year 's Super Bowl on CBS .
Instead , the company plans to shift ad dollars to a new marketing effort that 's mostly online .
Pepsi was one of the biggest advertisers in this year 's game and has advertised every year since 1987 .
Frito - Lay , a unit of parent company PepsiCo Inc. , will still have Super Bowl commercials in the 2010 game .
The company , which is based in Purchase , N.Y. , spent $ 33 million advertising products like Pepsi , Gatorade , and Cheetos during the 2009 Super Bowl , according to TNS Media Intelligence , $ 15 million of it on Pepsi alone .
Ad time for the NFL championship game cost about $ 3 million for 30 seconds , on average .
Those prices may have dipped to as low as $ 2.5 million per 30 seconds for the 2010 game , according to Jon Swallen , senior vice president of research for TNS Media Intelligence .
Final figures wo n't be known until after the game , which takes place Feb. 7 and airs on CBS .
The network said last week it has sold about 90 percent of the game 's commercial time .
Shipper FedEx also said Thursday it will not advertise again in the Super Bowl due to costs , the same reason the company gave for sitting it out last time around .
Pepsi had been a major advertiser during the Super Bowl .
According to TNS , the company spent $ 142.8 million on the 10 Super Bowl ads from 1999 to 2008 , second only to Anheuser - Busch , which spent $ 216 million .
The brewer of Bud Light confirmed Thursday it will have 5 minutes worth of advertising in the 2010 Super Bowl .
Pepsi recognizes Super Bowl ads can be effective for marketing , spokeswoman Nicole Bradley said , but the game does n't work with the company 's goals next year .
" In 2010 , each of our beverage brands has a strategy and marketing platform that will be less about a singular event and more about a movement , " she said .
Notable Super Bowl ads from Pepsi over the years have included celebrities such as Cindy Crawford , Britney Spears and Will.i.am .
The nation 's second - biggest soft drink maker is plowing marketing dollars into its " Pepsi Refresh Project " starting next month as its main vehicle for Pepsi .
The project will pay at least $ 20 million for projects people create to " refresh " communities .
A Web site will go live Jan. 13 where people can list their projects , which could range from helping to feed people to teaching children to read .
People can vote starting Feb. 1 to determine which projects receive money .
Pepsi estimates the effort will fund thousands of projects and says other businesses will pledge money , too .
The company does plan to hold events related to its new effort at the Super Bowl .
Pepsi's move leaves the Super Bowl soft - drink field open for rival Coca - Cola Co. , which has been widely reported to be advertising this year , though Coca - Cola declined to comment .
The world 's biggest soft drink maker was the eighth - highest spender on Super Bowl ads from 1999 to 2008 .
It spent $ 30.5 million on two Super Bowls within that decade .
Most advertisers on the Super Bowl do not have as long a history as Pepsi , Swallen said , averaging three to four years in a row before dropping out .
They will often cycle back in , though , because it is a rare chance to reach such a wide audience .
The 2009 matchup between Arizona and Pittsburgh attracted 95.4 million people .
" It is arguably the one TV programming event of the year where people tune in as much for the commercials as they do for the game that 's being played on the field , " he said .
Maxon Motor has unveiled a new addition to its range which it believes will be one of the most powerful , versatile and robust DC motors in the world .
The RE 50 , with a power output of 200W , delivers among the highest levels of nominal torque for its size : up to 0.38 Nm from a drive measuring just 50 mm diameter by 108 mm long .
This remarkable performance is achieved by means of a two - pole neodymium permanent magnet , combined with four different versions of Maxon 's patented winding technology .
At the heart of the RE 50 is Maxon 's ironless rotor that provides exceptionally smooth running due to its minimal inertia .
A low nominal voltage ( 24 - 70V DC ) , an operating efficiency of over 90 per cent , and high power density make the RE 50 a good choice for advanced battery - powered applications such as electric tools , transport and logistics equipment , mobile systems and robotics .
Meanwhile , the proven Maxon modular system means the versatile new drive is compatible with Maxon 's gearhead , encoder and control systems , enabling customers to create compact , high - performance drives for automation , mechanical engineering or medical technology .
The motor contains preloaded bearings to reduce vibration and ensure quieter running for a longer service life .
Combined with its integral graphite brushes , Maxon believes the new motor to be its most rugged and robust ever .
Senior sales engineer Paul Williams says : " The RE 50 is almost certainly the world 's most powerful motor for its size .
All of that torque in such a tough , compact unit offers engineers who need to maximise reliability and performance a whole realm of new possibilities . "
A further , heavy - duty version of the RE 50 is also scheduled for release .
It has been designed to satisfy high demands under harsh environmental conditions , meeting protection class IP54 , and will come with an additional brake .
For more information , visit www.maxonmotor.co.uk
Thousands of opposition supporters were detained at post-election protests Iran has executed two men arrested during the period of widespread unrest that erupted after June 's disputed presidential election , reports say .
They had been convicted of being " enemies of God " , members of armed groups and trying to topple the Islamic establishment , Isna news agency said .
The executions are believed to be the first related to last year 's protests .
Millions demanded a re-run of June 's poll at the largest demonstrations in Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution .
Opposition groups said it had been rigged to ensure the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , a charge the government denied .
At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since the elections , although the opposition says more than 70 have died .
Thousands have been detained and some 200 activists remain behind bars .
He confessed because of threats against his family
Nasrin Sotoudeh
Lawyer for Arash Rahmanipour
Q&A : Iran protests
Last month , eight people were killed in clashes at demonstrations on Ashura , one of the holiest days in the Shia Muslim calendar .
" Following the riots and anti-revolutionary measures in recent months , particularly on the day of Ashura , a Tehran Islamic Revolutionary Court branch considered the cases of a number of accused and handed down death sentences against 11 of those , " Isna said , quoting a statement from the Tehran prosecutor 's office .
" The sentences against two of these people ... were carried out today at dawn and the accused were hanged , " the semi-official agency said , adding the sentences had been confirmed by an appeal court .
It named them as Mohammad Reza Ali-Zamani and Arash Rahmanipour .
" The sentences for the other nine of the accused in recent months ' riots are at the appeal stage ... upon confirmation , measures will be undertaken to implement the sentences , " Isna added .
' Show trial '
There has been no independent confirmation of the executions or the names , but opposition groups had previously said Mr Ali-Zamani was sentenced to death in October .
He and one other person were believed to have been convicted for ties with the Kingdom Assembly of Iran ( Anjoman-e Padeshahi-e Iran ) , a banned monarchist group .
Mohammad Ali-Zamani is reportedly one of those hanged
At his trial in August , prosecutors accused Mr Ali-Zamani of plotting political assassinations with US military officials in Iraq before returning to Iran " aiming at causing disruption during and after the election " .
He is said to have admitted his guilt in court .
The Kingdom Assembly of Iran confirmed it had worked with Mr Ali-Zamani , but dismissed the allegations and insisted he had been forced to confess .
The group said he had played no role in the post-election protests and had merely passed on news to its radio station .
Human rights activists also noted the indictment stated that Mr Ali-Zamani had been arrested before engaging in any actions relating to the protests .
Nasrin Sotoudeh , a lawyer for Mr Rahmanipour , also denied he had played any role in the unrest and dismissed his " show trial " in July .
" He was arrested in Farvardin [ the Iranian month covering March - April ] - before the election - and charged with co-operation with the Kingdom Assembly , " she told the AFP news agency .
Ms Sotoudeh said her client had been 19 when he was arrested , and that many of the charges related to the time when he was a minor .
" He confessed because of threats against his family , " she said , adding that his family had not known the appeal had failed .
RECENT UNREST IN IRAN 19 Dec : Influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri dies aged 87 21 Dec :
Tens of thousands attend his funeral in Qom ; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces 22 Dec : Further confrontations reported in Qom 23 Dec : More clashes reported in city of Isfahan as memorial is held 24 Dec : Iran reportedly bans further memorial services for Montazeri except in his birthplace and Qom 26 Dec : Clashes reported in central and northern Tehran 27 Dec :
At least eight dead following anti-government protests in Tehran ; 300 reported arrested In 2008 , the Iranian authorities blamed the Kingdom Assembly of Iran for an explosion at mosque in the south - western city of Shiraz which killed 12 people and wounded more than 200 .
Correspondents say the executions may further increase tension in Iran ahead of possible new anti-government protests next month .
Messages have been circulating on the internet about demonstrations on 11 February , the 31st anniversary of the Islamic revolution .
On Wednesday , Iran 's state media reported that two German diplomats had been detained and accused of playing a role in last month 's anti-government protests .
A deputy interior minister was quoted as saying they were detained on 27 December , the day after the demonstrations .
He also said a close aide to the opposition leader , Mir Hossein Mousavi , was being held for alleged contacts with German intelligence agents .
Germany 's foreign ministry said it had no knowledge of the detentions and categorically rejected the accusations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vershire , Vermont ( CNN ) --
Armed with a law degree , an SUV that serves as a mobile office and her own harrowing personal history , 58 - year - old trucker - turned - lawyer Wynona Ward navigates the back roads of rural Vermont .
Her mission : to aid victims of domestic violence .
Ward is the founder of Have Justice Will Travel , a group that works to end the generational cycle of abuse by giving free legal representation and support services to isolated -- and often desperate -- low - income people and their children .
" For domestic violence victims in rural areas , it can be very devastating , " Ward said .
" They 're out there on these back roads , with no access to in - town services .
Many do not have telephones ; some do not have a driver 's license or automobile .
So we go to them . "
Do you know a hero ?
Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
In 1991 , Ward was a 40 - year - old truck driver with no college degree .
She was also harboring a past full of horrific sexual and physical abuse .
Then , one phone call from a family member changed everything .
" My husband and I were driving a tractor trailer unit across the country and [ learned that ] a child in my family revealed that she had been abused by my brother , " Ward said .
She says the same child had been sexually abused by her grandfather -- Ward 's father -- years before .
" I knew what she was going through .
It took me back to my own childhood where I was abused in a very similar way .
I just said , you know , I 've got to go home .
This can't happen anymore . "
Ward 's own childhood was marked by extreme poverty , violence and abuse .
Her father raped her before she was 3 , and the abuse continued throughout her childhood , Ward said .
Her father also beat Ward 's mother and siblings .
" When my father sexually abused me , it was very traumatic , " Ward said .
" But what was much more traumatic for me was when I watched him beat my mother , choke my mother , throw things at her .
" Many times , I wondered why she did n't die , because the abuse was so bad . "
Ward said that this type of in - home abuse is not uncommon in many rural areas and that not only is it generational , it 's also frequently ignored -- and often unreported .
" Very often , when the neighbors heard screaming coming from our home , they just turned their heads .
And when we heard screaming coming from their homes , we turned our heads , too , because it was an accepted way of life . "
School was Ward 's salvation and safe harbor .
A good student , she began dating a classmate named Harold at age 13 .
She left home at 17 , married Harold when she was 18 , and tried to put her past behind her .
But when the recurring pattern of sexual abuse surfaced in her family again , Ward was moved to action .
" I decided I was going to go and hang all the sex offenders that there [ were ] , " Ward said .
" But instead , I learned that I could be more helpful working in family law , where women and children really needed the help and where I could be there for them on a daily basis . "
Ward became a volunteer victim 's advocate and worked with her family members to convict her brother for abusing the child in her family .
Along the way , she realized she had a passion for law .
At 44 , Ward became the first person in her family to graduate from college .
She went on to Vermont Law School , graduating when she was 48 .
" At that point in time , I did n't feel 48 , " she said , laughing .
" I was just ready to go to work . "
With the help of a grant , Ward established Have Justice Will Travel at her kitchen table .
Since 1998 , the group has provided nearly 10,000 victims with legal and social services .
" [ We ] work with these women so they can become strong and independent and self - reliant and be able to support themselves and their children , " Ward said .
Ward works closely with victims ' advocacy groups to help provide a " complete package , " including shelters , hot line information , housing , clothing and legal support .
Her group 's services include transportation to and from court hearings and free legal representation .
Ward divides her time among client visits , grant - writing and fundraising .
She sees hundreds of clients each year , driving more than 30,000 miles annually in her truck -- which is equipped with a radio , scanner , cell phone , computer and printer .
Some of her clients do n't have electricity .
Driving herself into the most remote areas of Vermont , Ward said she 's been able to reach victims who otherwise would n't have access to support services .
Asked what keeps her going , Ward said , " I think about my mom sitting at our kitchen table , trying to figure out how to make the last 10 cents last to feed us all .
" [ Have Justice Will Travel ] would have ... said to my mother , ' Yes , you are being abused , and it is not OK .
You do not have to put up with this .
You do not have to be a submissive wife .
And you do not have to put up with having someone beat you .
We can help you .
We can help you to get out . ' "
Want to get involved ?
Check out the Have Justice Will Travel
Web site and see how to help .
For my conversation English class we were talking about moral dilemmas .
One of the students , who is deeply religious , said that a moral dilemma for him was for him and his wife to use birth control since it was forbidden by his denomination .
He and his wife chose to use birth control ; however , they most likely felt guilt because it “ interfered ” with what their religion told them .
The implications of trying to stop the use of birth control may not only have negative effects on the individual family , but the health of the whole society .
Perhaps 500 years ago when we were living in an agricultural society , limiting the number of children was not much of an issue .
However , now in an industrialized society the whole reality has changed .
Overpopulation is becoming a huge problem , and climate change continues to increase as the population and consumption continue to increase .
The restriction of birth control and poverty also go hand in hand .
It is quite counterproductive to try and fight the poverty without dealing with one of the major roots of the problem , overpopulation and parents not being able to provide for their children .
I understand there are some ideas that may be extreme in this area , such as the one child policy in China .
However , just because there can be error on one side does not mean that religious leaders should fail to see the danger on the other side .
In the name of promoting a religious restriction which is never found in the Bible , the church can be doing a lot of damage to the whole of society .
We are entering in serious times both environmentally and financially , and people to have make responsible choices regarding having children .
In the Bible , God tells the Israelis living in Babylon to seek the peace or to seek the good of the city .
Religious institutions need to take the same stand and reexamine if their ideologies are having a negative effect on the whole of society .
Aldous Huxley put it well
“ Consider the problem of over - population .
Rapidly mounting human numbers are pressing ever more heavily on natural resources .
What is to be done ?…
The annual increase of numbers should be reduced .
But how ?
We are given two choices — famine , pestilence and war on the one hand , birth control on the other .
Most of us choose birth control ”
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
This morning Lisa Murkowski took to the floor of Congress to introduce her joint resolution of disapproval , which would overturn the U.S. EPA ’s endangerment finding deeming greenhouse gas emissions a threat to public health .
It was one of the most spectacular displays of mendacity and misdirection I ’ve ever seen from a U.S. senator , and that ’s really saying something .
There were lots of little misleading tidbits , but the big lie at the core is this : Murkowski said “ this has nothing to do with the science of climate change . ”
That is just flatly false .
The point of her resolution is to overturn a judgment by EPA scientists that greenhouse gases are a threat to public health .
That is a scientific judgment ; it is precisely about the science of climate change .
It is exactly the same as if a Senator tried to overturn a ruling by the EPA that arsenic , or mercury , or lead paint is a threat .
It ’s a radical attempt by the legislative branch to interfere with executive branch scientists .
Murkowski ’s deceptions
But that was just the tip of the iceberg .
Here are a couple of others :
1. Murkowski referenced the EPA ’s “ tailoring rule , ” which would raise the threshold for regulated entities from those that emit over 100 tons of CO2 to those that emit over 25,000 tons .
That would substantially reduce the number of regulated entities .
Murkowski stated flatly that the courts will overturn the tailoring rule .
( Ironically , it ’s polluting businesses that are suing to block the tailoring rule , since they very much want EPA regs to be a mess . )
This is something she can not possibly know ; the legal community generally believes otherwise .
Even if the tailoring rule is rejected , nothing says the EPA has to regulate small entities the same way they regulate large entities .
They can come up with special , expediting permitting processes , etc . ( More on EPA regs here . )
The notion of EPA regulating churches and bakes sales is just a scare story to spook the public .
2. Murkowski said that EPA regulations would shut down natural gas pipelines , since there is no “ best available control technology ” for natural gas compressor stations .
That ’s false on two counts .
First , nothing compels the EPA to simply shut down facilities that have no obvious way to reduce their emissions .
EPA regulators are not robots ; they can tailor their rules to different classes of emitters .
Secondly , it is possible to reduce emissions at compressor stations — the waste heat they emit can be captured and used to create more power to run the stations , increasing efficiency and reducing emissions .
( Alternatively , the electricity can be fed into the grid , with the same net effect . )
In aggregate there ’s something like 2GW of potential power here .
FERC chair Jon Wellinghof is all over this — it ’s a personal mission of his .
It ’s precisely the kind of thing that regulations might finally kick into action .
3. Murkowski slathered her comments with a thick layer of concern trolling , saying repeatedly that she and her colleagues are working diligently to find a solution for reducing emissions and that the threat of EPA regulations was only hindering that work .
That is , of course , delusional on both counts .
Where to begin ?
Murkowski noted that she has co-sponsored a climate bill , and it ’s true .
In 2006 she co-sponsored an absurdly weak bill with Jeff Bingaman and Arlen Specter , which would have capped the price of CO2 permits at $ 12 , effectively neutering its effect .
Since then she has signed on to none of the many subsequent bills and done her best to undermine all of them .
When she listed the efforts underway in the Senate today , she pointedly left out the main bill under consideration , passed by the House and the Senate EPW Committee last year .
She has not said a single word in support of any bill that actually has a chance of passing .
She made no attempt to outline what kind of solution would actually solve the problem ( as opposed to the euphemistic “ balancing environment and economy , ” long - time Republicanspeak for protecting corporate backers ) .
She made a big production of saying that this issue warrants full and extensive ( and slooow ) debate in the Senate , but made no note of the fact that her party has gone nuts , been unified in opposition to every single thing Democrats have tried to do , and put forward as its principle spokesperson on the issue a senator , James Inhofe , who denies that climate change even exists .
The pieties about the sanctity of the democratic process are a bit rich in light of Republicans ’ serial abuse of Senate rules and procedures .
Finally , the idea that it ’s the EPA backstop preventing Republicans from engaging with the issue in good faith … does that bit of fabulism even warrant a response ?
Can she be serious ?
Weak defense
Boxer took the floor after Murkowski to rage against the resolution , pointing out — accurately — that it ’s an unprecedented attempt by legislators to overrule the work of federal scientists .
Would Senators try to tell federal agencies that nicotine is n’t harmful if they did n’t like the implications ?
How about arsenic , or lead ?
Boxer ’s speech was fine as far as it went , but it does n’t go far enough .
Neither Boxer nor any other legislator is taking on Murkowski ’s main argument directly .
Murkowski says these new environmental regulations would destroy the economy .
Why wo n’t Boxer defend them on those grounds ?
Conservatives have been Chicken Little-ing about environmental regulations for a century now , and every time , without fail , experience proves their fears unfounded .
Ca n’t some senator stand up and say clearly that the economic fear - mongering is bankrupt ?
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - NY ) came closer in a statement released after Murkowski ’s speech , in which she says :
If passed , this amendment would send a message that the United States will remain reliant on outdated and inefficient energy technologies and delay investment in new , clean technologies that would spur innovation and create good - paying , American jobs , all across this great nation
Exactly .
Nearly one in six American workers is foreign - born , the highest proportion since the 1920s , according to a census analysis released Monday .
Because of government barriers to immigration , the share of foreign - born workers dipped from a 20th - century high of 21 percent in 1910 to barely 5 percent in 1970 , but has been rising since then , to the current 16 percent .
In 2007 , immigrants accounted for more than one in four workers in California ( 35 percent ) , New York ( 27 percent ) , New Jersey ( 26 percent ) and Nevada ( 25 percent ) .
For the first time , the Census Bureau also compared immigrants by generation .
Generally , income and other measures of achievement rose from one generation to the next , although educational attainment peaked with the second generation .
Ms Harman said the incident had been portrayed wrongly in the media Labour Party deputy leader Harriet Harman has been fined £ 350 after pleading guilty to driving without due care and attention .
She reversed into a parked car in Camberwell , south London , last July , Westminster Magistrates '
Court heard .
A second charge of driving while using a mobile phone was withdrawn .
Ms Harman , who did not attend the hearing , said she " fully " accepted the judgement .
She had three points added to her driving licence .
The Camberwell and Peckham MP , who was at a cabinet meeting in Downing Street at the time of the hearing , was also ordered to pay £ 75 costs and a £ 15 " victim surcharge " .
' Seen by neighbour ' Prosecutor Michael Jennings said Ms Harman had been involved in a minor collision in Bushey Hill Road on 3 July , the day she visited constituents who had been made homeless by a fire at a block of flats .
He said she had been attempting to manoeuvre her Rover 75 out from between two parked vehicles when she reversed into one of them .
Ms Harman , who is also House of Commons leader and equality minister , was using her mobile phone when she got into the car and throughout the low - speed incident , the court heard .
Ms Harman is pleased that it has been established that this was not a ' hit - and - run ' accident as portrayed in some media reports
Harriet Harman 's spokesman
Mr Jennings said the owner of the parked car had been watching from his flat and called police to report the bump .
But the prosecutor said no damage had been caused to either car and no insurance claims had been made .
The court heard that Ms Harman already has six penalty points on her licence after being caught speeding in a 30 mph zone , in 2007 and 2008 .
Motorists with 12 points on their licence face a ban .
Ms Harman now has a total of nine .
Solicitor Mark Haslam , who represented Ms Harman , said the matter could have been dealt with by a letter .
He said : " This is a parking manoeuvre .
It takes place in a very short time span .
It takes place at a very slow speed , less than 5 mph .
" There is no injury , no damage and no insurance claim by either party in relation to either vehicle . "
A spokesman for the minister , who is also a QC and former solicitor general , said : " Ms Harman fully accepts the court 's judgement .
" Ms Harman is pleased that the potential charges of leaving the scene of an accident without exchanging particulars and failing to report an accident to the police have been dropped .
" Ms Harman is pleased that it has been established that this was not a ' hit - and - run ' accident as portrayed in some media reports .
It was a parking incident and no damage was done . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
.
" All will be well if you use your mind for your decisions , and mind only your decisions . "
Since 2007 , I have devoted my life to sharing the joy of game theory and mathematics .
MindYourDecisions now has over 1,000 free articles with no ads thanks to community support !
Help out and get early access to posts with a pledge on Patreon . .
.
I ’ve made a huge mistake–GOB and others from Arrested Development
Strangely , in many auctions it is a huge mistake to win .
Winning can either be unprofitable or less profitable than expected , kind of like a Pyrrhic victory .
The tendency of the winner to overpay is more commonly known as the winner ’s curse .
I have earlier described how the winner ’s curse affects salary negotiations , oil drilling , and broadcast rights in my article understanding the winner ’s curse .
The essential feature of such auctions is the winner is bidding too high based on his information .
As a consequence , the bidder wins in unprofitable or less profitable situations .
How can the winner ’s curse be remedied ?
While there is no hard and fast rule , there is a principle that can help .
The idea is to bid like a winner or a consequentialist .
This idea is described in the fine book The Art of Strategy and I have recast a problem from the text to illustrate .
Buying a blog
Suppose you are in the process of buying a small blog .
You wish to buy it and improve it a bit .
How much should you offer to pay ?
The question naturally depends on how much you think the blog is worth .
You happen to know a thing or two about small blogs .
After some research you conclude the small blog is worth somewhere between 4 thousand and 12 thousand .
Besides this range you cannot estimate any more specifics .
You think it is equally likely for the blog to be worth any of the values in the range .
You also have an advantage in the process .
You happen to know a lot about websites and blogs , and you figure you can improve the website .
You can apply your web savvy to increase the blog ’s worth by 20 percent .
You are certain of this as you have built up other blogs before .
The one thing you are not able to do is find an exact worth of the blog .
The best you know is that the blog is equally likely to be worth any value from 4 thousand to 12 thousand , with an average value of 8 thousand .
It ’s important to understand how the uncertainty affects the offer .
Suppose you offer 5 thousand .
There are various ways this could turn out .
If the blog turns out to be actually worth 4.5 thousand , then you would be able to raise its worth to 5.4 thousand .
Since you have paid 5 thousand , Â you will make a decent profit .
If the blog turns out to be actually worth only 4 thousand , then you can only raise its worth to 4.8 thousand .
Since you have paid 5 thousand , you will lose a bit of money .
Your first priority in this process is to make sure you make a sensible offer .
You want to be sure you are not systematically overpaying and suffering from the winner ’s curse .
So you ask yourself : what is the most you should offer for the blog ?
In other words , at what offer will you exactly break even on average ?
Once you know this , you will end up shaving a little bit more so you can make an offer that will actually profit .
The wrong reasoning = winner ’s curse
I ’ll admit it : when I first heard this question I came to the wrong answer .
Here was my logic .
I figured the company was worth 8 thousand on average .
Since the buyer could raise the value of the company by 20 percent , I calculated the average buyer value as 8 x 1.2 = 9.6 thousand .
Therefore , a buyer could offer 9.6 thousand and just break even on average .
Do you see what is wrong with this logic ?
The issue is the answer does not take the seller into account .
The seller often knows more than the buyer .
The fact that the seller is willing to accept an offer is bad news .
It means the seller thinks the blog is worth at most that offer .
So if a seller accepts that offer , then the correct range is the blog is worth somewhere between 4 thousand to 9.6 thousand , or an average of 6.8 thousand .
The buyer will be able to raise the blog up to a value of 6.8 x 1.2 = 8.16 thousand on average .
But this is not good enough –the buyer has offered 9.6 thousand and will lose on average .
It ’s the dreaded winner ’s curse !
The right answer
The correct offer is one where in which the offer exactly equals the expected worth of the blog .
You need to shave your offer to account for the information advantage of the seller .
Which offer works ?
The correct answer is 6 thousand .
When a seller accepts this offer , the blog is actually worth somewhere between 4 and 6 thousand , with an average of 5 thousand .
You can expect to raise the blog ’s value to 5 x 1.2 = 6 thousand , which is precisely the amount you have offered .
The math behind the answer
The way to solve for the offer is to set up an equation between your offer and the blog ’s expected value to the buyer .
The two quantities are your offer , let ’s say x , and the blog ’s expected worth .
What is the blog ’s expected worth ?
As argued above , it ’s important to consider the seller .
A seller accepting an offer means he thinks the blog is worth at most that amount .
So a seller accepting an offer of x means the blog is worth somewhere between 4 thousand and x , for an average of ( 4 + x ) / 2 .
This is the blog ’s average worth to the seller .
On top of that , you can raise the value by 20 percent .
Hence , the expected blog ’s worth is 1.2 multiplied by ( 4 + x ) / 2 .
The equation is therefore :
x = 1.2 ( 4 + x ) / 2
x = 0.6 ( 4 +x )
x = 2.4 + 0.6 x
0.4 x = 2.4
x = 6
Now you know 6 thousand is the highest you should pay .
Getting to a profitable bid is another exercise in negotiations and game theory .
I will not discuss the issue here but I will mention that in such situations patience can be a negotiating asset .
Discussion questions
1 . The above discussion was about buying a blog .
How could you apply the same principle in other situations where the winner ’s curse applies –like signing a star athlete or bidding on broadcast rights for the Olympics ?
2 . Write an equation for the break - even offer if the bid is x , the valuation is equally likely to be between a and b , and the buyer ’s skill leads to improving the company worth by y percent .
3. ( more advanced )
Rewrite the equation in 2 if the valuation is between a and b , but with a probability density function f( t ) .
4 . Would the bidding strategy change if there were two or more buyers ?
5 . How would the bidding change if instead the winner paid the second highest offer ?
6 . Would additional bidders help the seller or the buyers ?
7 . How would the game change if the seller was less informed than the buyer about the worth of the seller ’s company ?
http://the-op.com/ref/ee2.php?ep=104&pg=7#l280
Dammit , Jim Cameron , this is how you revolutionize cinema ?
Everybody is jumping on the 3 - D bandwagon these days , including promises from Warner Brothers to 3 - D - ify the final Harry Potter films and Clash Of The Titans , and then there ’s that talk of a Ghostbusters 3 - D and a Gremlins 3 - D. However , with the release of My Bloody Valentine 3 - D last January , we knew it was only a matter of time before studios realized something remarkable : 3 - D BOOBS !
And ladies and gentleman , that time is now .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , veteran erotic film director Tinto Brass , famed for directing ( most of it , at least ) the star - studded Roman sex romp Caligula , featuring Helen Mirren and Malcolm McDowell , has announced plans to direct an Italian erotic film shot in 3 - D .
Now we all know that story and plot in an “ erotic film ” come secondary , but for those who need a little characterization and conflict to go with their masturbation , Brass talked narrative in the report , saying he would like to “ revisit an abandoned project about a Roman emperor that was ruined by Americans , and go from there . ”
So the moral of this story is that this is just another remake announcement .
Brass plans to write the script , cast , and begin shooting by late spring .
China 's Aggressive Exports Beijing Economic Policy Rocks the Global Boat
In order to stimulate its economy , Beijing re-pegged its currency to the dollar .
Doing so , however , has not only increased global economic imbalances -- it could ultimately harm China itself .
Hmm , is this perhaps a viable option for a portable speaker ?
Sound quality reviews , anyone ?
No bigger than a credit card and as thick as a blister pack of chewing gum , the Card Speaker puts most every mp3 accessory to shame with its good looks and crisp fidelity .
Designed by IDEA International , this little speaker is ideally suited for trips to the park , the beach , or anywhere you�d like to share a little music on the fly .
It comes in either black or silver , with a mirror - polished back , and includes a protective carrying case , a 3.5 mm connection plug , and a USB battery charge cable .
The speaker has an operating time of approximately five hours on a two - hour charge
( No pun intended . )
Last night , the single - player campaign of Battlefield : Bad Company 2 premiered on GameTrailers TV , and boy , does it look awesome .
The trailer above ( NSFW language ) shows off plenty of explosions -- just the kind of stuff that can destroy buildings , thanks to the game ’s Frostbite engine .
Story - wise , it appears that it ’s going to be a typical military excursion : the mission seems simple enough , but nothing ’s ever as easy as it sounds , and before you know it , the whole operation is FUBAR .
But that is n’t stopping me from being excited about the campaign .
EA DICE has n’t shied away from comparisons to the 800 - pound gorilla of the FPS market , Infinity Ward ’s Modern Warfare 2 ( in fact , the Stockholm , Sweden - based developer has actively pursued them ) .
And since I felt like the MW2 story was underwhelming ( it seemed to me like an excuse to string together a bunch of increasingly implausible action sequences ) , I ’m hoping that Bad Company 2 will deliver an experience that ’s just as thrilling as MW2 , but somewhat easier to follow and within the realm of feasibility .
Be sure to check back on Monday , when Hamza will post a preview of the game ’s campaign mode as well as an interview with the folks at DICE .
Until then , hit up our Battlefield tag for coverage of the BC2 multiplayer component .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 will be out for the PS3 , 360 , and PC on March 2nd .
Oh , and if you ’re wondering what the kick - ass song is , it ’s “ You Think I Ain’t Worth a Dollar , But I Feel Like a Millionaire ” by Queens of the Stone Age .
NEXT >
In the aftermath of Haiti 's devastating earthquake , nervous citizens can be forgiven for wondering where the next Big One will hit .
Major quakes strike with alarming regularity : Earthquakes of magnitude 7 or greater occur approximately 18 times a year worldwide .
They usually originate near faults where tectonic plates — tremendous fragments of the earth 's crust — collide or push above or below each other .
Geologists suspect that Haiti's destructive quake resulted from 250 years of seismic stress that has been building up between the North American and Caribbean tectonic plates .
In fact , a group of U.S. geologists presented a study in the Dominican Republic ( which shares the island of Hispaniola with Haiti ) in 2008 saying that the region was at risk of an earthquake potentially even bigger than last week 's magnitude 7.0 quake .
Part of their presentation is particularly chilling in light of what would happen less than two years later : " This means that the level of built - up stress and energy in the earth could one day be released resulting in an earthquake measuring 7.2 or more on the Richter Scale .
This would be an event of catastrophic proportions in a city [ Port - au - Prince ] with loose building codes , and an abundance of shanty - towns built in ravines and other undesirable locations . "
Earthquakes are still impossible to predict with precision ; in the words of one of the geologists who predicted the Haiti quake , " It could have been the next day , it could have been 10 years , it could have been 100 ...
This is not an exact science . "
But researchers have identified a handful of seismic zones around the globe that are storing up especial amounts of stress and are particularly hazardous .
Browse through the gallery for a world tour of the planet 's most seismically vulnerable regions .
By Aline ReynoldsImage : USGS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
The San Andreas fault zone , which is about 800 miles long and at least 10 miles deep , slices through two - thirds of the length of California .
The Pacific Plate , on the west side of the fault zone , has been grinding in a northwesterly direction past the North American Plate for millions years , at a rate of up to 2 inches per year .
The 1906 earthquake , which measured an estimated 8.3 on the Richter scale , was one of the worst natural disasters in North American history , causing around 3,000 casualties .
The major rupture occurred along the San Andreas fault off the San Francisco coast and stretched almost 300 miles from north to south .
Fires raged for days , damaging much of the city 's infrastructure .
The San Andreas fault zone creeps in some places , especially in its northern section , and is fixed in others .
In the area of Cholame , a community in San Luis Obispo County , underground energy is steadily building up .
Smaller tremors have plagued the region since the recent magnitude 6 quakes in San Simeon and Parkfield , which , scientists speculate , might be a sign of a forthcoming large earthquake .
Image : USGS / Google Earth
San Andreas Fault , California
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
The Hayward fault , a crack in the earth 's crust about 62 miles long in the San Francisco Bay area , is referred to by U.S. Geological Survey Scientists as a tectonic time bomb .
It is considered the most dangerous urban fault zone in the country , experiencing quakes of magnitude 6.8 or greater about every 140 to 170 years .
Having suffered from a magnitude 7 quake in 1868 , the Bay Area is due for another large tremor in the very near future , geologists fear .
If the 1868 earthquake were to occur today , the consultancy firm Risk Management Solutions estimates total economic losses to residential and commercial properties would likely exceed $ 165 billion .
Image : USGS
Hayward Fault , California
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Padang , the capital of Indonesia 's West Sumatra province , sits in the crosshairs of some of the world 's most turbulent fault lines .
Indonesia is situated near the convergence of the Eurasian , Australian and Pacific tectonic plates , which have pressed against each other for millennia , and lies near the long , underwater Sumatran fault line , which is approximately 130 miles off the west coast of Sumatra .
These fault lines are part of the " ring of fire , " an enormous horseshoe - shaped band of seismic stress surrounding the Pacific Ocean .
The undersea earthquake of 2004 occurred along the fault where the Indo - Australian Plate is slipping beneath the Eurasian Plate ; it triggered the horrific tsunami that killed approximately 150,000 people , and was estimated to have produced the energy of 23,000 Hiroshima - size atomic bombs .
Yet that quake may have increased the danger elsewhere in the region by increasing pressure on some parts of the Sumatran fault .
In a recent article published in the journal Nature Geoscience , scientists report forecast yet another large earthquake for Padang , the capital of west Sumatra , in the aftermath of the city 's 2009 earthquake .
The expected tremor of magnitude 8.5 or higher could rumble sometime in the next decade , and could trigger another tsunami .
Image : USGS
Indonesia
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Pakistan 's capital , Islamabad , is situated on five major fault lines and is near the convergence of the Arabian and Iranian micro-plates , making it highly prone to large earthquakes .
But the problem does n't stop at the capital 's borders :
Two - thirds of Pakistan rests on fault lines , making the country particularly susceptible to violent tremors , which can also affect nearby India and Nepal .
A 2005 quake in Kashmir , Pakistan , with a magnitude of 7.6 , left an estimated 4 million people homeless .
It may also have begun a sequence of events in which future quakes will release seismic stress along different parts of the fault .
One or more of the seismic gaps might be ready to burst , particularly in the Himalayan region , where underground pressure is accumulating .
Image : USGS
Pakistan
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
More than 90 percent of Iran blankets an active seismic zone , the Alpine - Himalayan belt .
According to the earthquake research institute MCEER , the country has endured more than 130 earthquakes with magnitude 7.5 or higher in the past 70 years , with loss of life in the 20th century totaling approximately 125,000 .
Tehran , a city of 12 million people , might be the next target , having been last strongly rattled in 1830 , when it was hit by a magnitude 7.2 quake .
The Iranian government is even considering moving the nation 's capital elsewhere for fear of the destruction that would occur if a large tremor hits Tehran .
Image : USGS
Iran
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Japan sits on the crossroads of several continental and oceanic plates .
The 1923 Great Kanto earthquake ( approximately 8.2 magnitude ) shook two densely populated cities , Tokyo and Yokohama , causing approximately 130,000 fatalities .
More recently , the 1995 Kobe quake killed over 6,000 people in 1995 .
Some scientists fear that the Tokai / Suruga Bay region , located along the country 's Pacific coast , southwest of Tokyo , is due for a tremor with a magnitude of 8 or higher , as the Philippine plate is inching underneath the Eurasian plate , forming a subduction zone .
Tokai last ruptured in 1854 , and before that in 1707 .
Is another mega - quake just around the corner ?
Image : USGS
Japan
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Earthquakes and volcanic eruptions are an ever - present threat in Mexico , which is located on another of the world 's subduction zones .
The country is situated above three of the earth 's tectonic plates .
Large tremors in the coming decades could result from the Cocos tectonic plate sliding beneath the North American plate , causing the two of them to grind against each other and generate a slip - fault like the San Andreas .
The most recent disaster in Mexico occurred in 1985 , when a massive 8 - magnitude tremor to the north of Acapulco shook the streets of Mexico City and Acapulco and took at least 9,500 lives .
Image : Wikimedia Commons / Woudloper
Mexico
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
The Cascadia Subduction Zone , a 700 - mile stretch of closely - knit landmass , is situated 50 miles off the coast of Oregon , Washington , and southern British Columbia .
The zone is capable of producing magnitude 9 earthquakes that could cause widespread damage to Portland , Seattle , and Vancouver .
The last megaquake took place in 1700 , in which a 9 - magnitude shock generated a tsunami that traversed the Pacific Ocean , damaging parts of the Japanese coast .
A massive tremor of magnitude 8 or greater could occur any time now , as quakes of this size typically strike every few hundred years .
Image : USGS
Cascadia Fault
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Scientists fear that the Xianshuihe , Kunlun , and Min Jiang faults , strike - slip cracks comparable to San Andreas , might cause turbulence in the years to come .
The 1556 earthquake in Hausien , in the Shaanxi Province of China , which killed almost 1 million people , was one of the worst natural disasters in recorded history .
Since 1920 , approximately 15 strong tremors , most of which measured magnitude 7 or higher , have shaken the region .
In 2008 , a rupture underneath the Longmen Shan mountain range in Sichuan province caused the devastating 7.8 - magnitude quake that killed around 70,000 and put additional stress on three other major fault lines in China ( pictured above ) .
Scientists estimate that there is a 57 to 71 percent chance that another large quake will strike China in the next decade .
Image : Geophysical Research Letters
China
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
Italy is one of the most earthquake - prone regions in Europe .
To its south lies the boundary of the African and Eurasian tectonic plates that partition the earth 's crust .
In 1905 and 1908 , Europe 's strongest - ever quakes , both more than magnitude 7 , rattled the Messina Strait , a narrow strip of water that divides Sicily and the mainland , killing approximately 200,000 people .
Aftershocks continued into 1913 .
By evaluating radon emissions , researcher Giampaolo Giuliani claims to have forecast the 6.3 earthquake that left tens of thousands of people homeless in central Italy last April ( seismic map pictured ) — although his claim was met with considerable skepticism from other experts .
If Giuliani continues his prediction research , maybe he can tell us if another quake of similar magnitude will indeed strike this century , as some scientists have suggested .
Century - old buildings line the streets of cities like L'Aquila where the 2009 earthquake hit , making the large tremors all the more damaging .
Image : USGS
Italy
< PREVIOUS
NEXT >
< PREVIOUS
The New Madrid Seismic Zone , located in southeastern Missouri , was once the most active seismic area in the United States east of the Rocky Mountains .
In 1811 and 1812 , five quakes measuring magnitude 8 or higher reportedly shook the area with a force 10 times stronger than that of the famous 1906 San Francisco earthquake , caused by a breakage in the San Andreas .
Since the New Madrid Zone has witnessed seismic events of this magnitude every 250 years or so , scientists have predicted that another will come in the next half - century .
Recently , however , movement along the fault lines has slowed considerably , leading some geologists to speculate that the zone might be shutting down .
Image : USGS
New Madrid Seismic Zone
< PREVIOUS
When the French conceptual artist Michel de Broin first spoke to his mates about producing the biggest disco ball the world had ever seen and suspending high above the night sky of Paris , surely they would have thought him a little nutso .
True Michel 's work does dabble in the absurd both in public and private spaces but a 7.5 metre disco ball featuring 1000 mirrors suspended by a freaking crane 50 metre into the air ...
I mean , really ?
While many undoubtedly thought him a few stubbies short , Michel got the last laugh when his luminous , ginormous ball was suspended in the Jardin du Luxembourg during the Nuit Blanche event in Paris .
The so called La Maîtresse de la Tour Eiffel when hit with spotlights from all over the city shot shards of light across Paris like a fairytale dream .
Nice one Michel .
Sure beats that dumb ass blimp that hovers over our city with that even dumber tv screen on it during that one day in September .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
By Branko Collin
Jan H. thought he was playing the Silent Hill video game when he shut down the electricity at the Sophia hospital in Zwolle last Queen ’s Day .
Last Tuesday a court found him not guilty , simply because he had no idea of the true consequences of his deeds .
H. has volunteered to undergo treatment .
Telegraaf reports that the 35 - year - old was suffering a psychosis when he stepped into the hospital ’s basement .
By pulling levers and switches , he thought he could win a tooth brush .
The power was down for 45 minutes during which patients in the intensive care unit had to be respirated manually and lifts got stuck .
No patients suffered any lasting consequences , according to RTV Oost .
Silent Hill is a survival horror game , a sub - genre of the action adventure .
Update 30 - 10 : added a link to the verdict .
( Photo of the old building of the Sophia hospital ( 1884 ) by Wikimedia user Arminiuzz , some rights reserved )
This entry was posted on Wednesday , October 28th , 2009 at 8:58 am and is filed under Gaming , General , Health .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
This Fucking USA , Fuck George Bush Video is a very shocking and funny anti-American and anti-George Bush propaganda video said to have been made by North Koreans and previously broadcast on South Korean television and Japanese TV .
On May 2 , 2009 , the US International Socialist Organization invited Dave Zirin to sitdown and interview renowned historian Howard Zinn .
PRACTICE AREAS
PARENTING TIME
I will help you put together custody and visitation arrangements that are in the best interests of your children while protecting and promoting your rights as a parent .
I will also work to make certain you are able to participate equally in all decision - making about the welfare of your child .
CHILD SUPPORT
I will handle all matters related to child support , from the determination of temporary support while your divorce is pending to a request for modification or enforcement of an existing child support order .
DIVISION OF MARITAL PROPERTY
I will work with you to equitably divide the debts and assets of your marriage , including investments and bank accounts , real estate , retirement funds and business interests .
SPOUSAL MAINTENANCE
I will work with you to determine whether spousal support is appropriate and , if so , the amount , duration and frequency of payments .
ADOPTION ​ Adoption in the State of Colorado may be step - parent , custodial , kinship or same sex adoptions .
Given the complexities of today 's familial relationships and added requirement of criminal records check , both through the Colorado Bureau of Investigations and the Federal Bureau of Investigations , adoptions have become a more complicated process requiring a seasoned attorney to move the process along to the happy conclusion adoption usually is .
Having done adoptions for over 32 years , Steven Hirschey can bring these qualities to the process .
For the record , neither one of my grandmothers has an opinion about Barack Obama as President .
They ’re both dead .
I do n’t mean to disparage their memory by being so blunt about it .
But I wanted to clarify that I do n’t actually have a racist grandmother .
Sometimes the comic weaves in and out of autobiographical elements and this is one of those cases where it ’s just a joke .
Incidentally , if either of them were alive , I do n’t think they would upset about an African American President .
I ’m kind of getting into a bad habit where I ’m referencing videos in the blog post to help sell the jokes in the comic .
But for your own edification , you need to see the red band trailer for the Paul Bettany angels - gone - rogue action film Legion .
WARNING : The language is a little salty and not safe for work .
Watching this trailer reminds me of cheesy action movies from the 80s .
I do n’t know if it ’s the remote desert diner location , but I was immediately reminded of Maximum Overdrive when I first saw this .
Also , the music is vaguely reminiscent of the first Terminator to me .
Am I the only one seeing this ?
Maybe it ’s the abundance of guns .
Dennis Quaid ’s character actually calls Paul Bettany ’s character “ Rambo ” at one point .
But , yeah …
The end of the world ?
God ’s army of angels ?
What does this movie need ?…
I know !
GUNS AND EXPLOSIONS !!
Even though the stringy albino frame of Paul Bettany would be the last one I would run to for protection in the Apocalypse , I believe his detached British charm and dry delivery are the only things lending credibility to this film .
It ’s almost if he ’s communicating “ Look , I know this movie is crap , but I ’m going to take it seriously . ”
You have to respect his conviction .
Never in my life did I think I would write “ Paul Bettany ” and “ action star ” anywhere in the same paragraph .
What do you guys think of Legion ?
Cheesy fun or bloated action cliches with a Biblical theme ?
Is Paul Bettany credible as an action star ?
Also , does anyone have a racist grandmother they want to talk about ?
KIDDING ! JUST KIDDING ON THAT LAST ONE !
But seriously , leave your comments about Legion below .
The first time I laid eyes on Maciej Drwiega ’s LEGO trucks , I thought they were life - size , that ’s how real they look .
Of course the photo angle helped a lot , too .
Maciej Drwiega ( let ’s see you pronounce that ) is a big LEGO fan who likes to build replicas of trucks , using the popular bricks .
His 1:13 scale creations look as good as the real vehicles and even have detailed interiors and detachable hoods that reveal the engine .
How cool is that ?
I wonder how long it takes the Polish LEGO master to build one of these babies .
Kenworth K100 Aerodyne
Jelcz 315
Kenworth W900 LongNose
Bad attitude and strange bedfellows at the dawn of the Reich , and What Would Hunter Do , anyway ?
Ever since five members of the Supreme Court declared the Constitution unconstitutional yesterday morning I ’ve been in something of a snit .
Along the way , I ’ve said a variety of things that struck me as insightful , pithy , even witty .
Others , however – bitter , lonely misanthropic types simmering in their own humorless bile – seem to be finding me mostly snarky and cynical .
So here are a few samples .
You be the judge .
Assuming you ’re a corporation with enough spare cash that your opinion matters , that is .
Early on , my S&R colleague Brian Angliss lamented that this is how democracy dies , or something to that effect .
My reply : “ From where I sit democracy has been dead for some time .
This is more like vandals pulling over the headstone . ”
See ?
Was n’t that clever ?
Another colleague says that the proper response is to raise so much hell over the outrage that our elected officials are shamed into taking action .
My response : “ Yes , well .
This all assumes that Congressweasels are capable of feeling shame . ”
She allowed that they ’d feel shame if we lit a big enough fire under them .
Me : “ I think their shame tolerance is probably directly proportional to the size of their corporate donations . ”
I ’m standing by it , too .
“ Used to be if you wanted to control the government you had to work through a broker .
Now you can just buy Senators straight off the rack . ”
“ Hey , I ’m a huge William Gibson fan .
I just do n’t think Neuromancer was intended as a how - to book . ”
To another “ democracy is dead ” rant : “ I ’m not sure America is really ready for democracy . ”
I ’ll have more on that eventually , I feel sure .
Brian , in reply , advocated what I ’ll charitably term “ forceful action . ”
And then I said : “ Oh , I ’m all for that .
I guess my point is that this case does n’t change reality , it merely acknowledges it . ”
Man , was I on a roll today or what ?
“ Maybe now they ’ll release a Kindle version of 1984 for Dummies . ”
Finally , a guy on one of my lists raised a question I ’d been trying to sidestep all day .
To wit : Does this mean a corporation can run for president ?
After all , it ’s a violation of their Constitutional rights to prevent it .
So I said : “ First things first .
Before they can run for president you have to give them the vote .
I assume that they ’d get a number of votes proportional to their EBIDTA . ”
“ How many electoral votes does ExxonMobil have ? ”
Also , I was earlier conjecturing that there might be money to be made in combining erectile dysfunction drugs with antibiotics .
Call it “ Cialicillen . ”
At the time I was goofing on another subject entirely , but the more I think about it , the more I think it may apply here .
I ’m still working on it .
* Aherm *
What Would Hunter Do ?
In any case , I ’ve been saying for years that America ’s left / right divide is in some ways a myth , a well - constructed , brutally cynical divide - and - conquer strategy by which The Haves hold The Have - Nots at bay and transform themselves into Have - Mores ( or , ideally , Have - Goddamned - Everythings ) .
In my eulogy for Hunter Thompson , for instance , I argued that much of his relentless campaigning for social justice emanated from this insight :
Although I never heard him say it in these words , Hunter S. Thompson I think understood the artificial Red / Blue , Conservative / Liberal divide that most Americans seem to have bought into for the cynical construction that it is -“ a rhetorical fluff job that turns Americans with common cause against each other and that serves the power elites in both parties to the detriment of the public they take turns fleecing .
There was a divide , in Thompson ’s world – no doubt about that – but it was n’t Left / Right , it was Top / Bottom .
He was a working man born in the borderlands of the rapidly ( and sometimes violently ) evolving mid-century South , and his reporting reflects an unfailing empathy for those who spent most of their lives scrambling for a foothold on the lower rungs of the political and economic ladder .
The rich and powerful were usually cast as evil , soulless swine , and his sense of social and moral justice provided countless column inches to individuals and groups who ’d been ignored or silenced by a society that cared way more about money than justice .
In short , Hunter Thompson was a champion of the common people .
Yes , his reporting was so crazed at times that you could n’t be sure if you were reading an eyewitness account or a drug - addled hallucination .
But he remained to the end one of the most unswervingly ethical reporters of our generation , a man whose commitment to social justice and the public good trumped everything .
So today looks like a landmark moment for the architects of The Have - Mores ’ neo -serfdom project , and it ’s the kind of day where I miss HST more than I can adequately articulate .
Wait – did I say “ I ” ?
We .
We miss him more than we know , and if you do n’t realize it yet , wait a few months .
Because now the ankle - irons are off our corporations , and that includes the media megacorps .
If you think truth is being bought and sold like fake boobs in Beverly Hills now , wait until Campaign 2012 .
Bitches , you ai n’t seen dick yet .
Give it five years and CBS will be auctioning Evening News coverage off on eBay .
You ’re going to reflect fondly on the hard - hitting , good - old days when Katie Couric wielded her righteousness like god ’s own objective flaming sword of justice .
( As a side note , is “ Supreme Court ruling could boost TV ad business ” the most hysterically , pointlessly obvious well - fucking - duh headline since “ Sun rises in east ” or what ? )
Yesterday afternoon , Wendy Redal suggested that perhaps this represents a moment when all the Have - Nots , Democrat , Republican and Independent alike , can find a bit of common cause .
Maybe , and if so it will be the strangest set of bedfellows since the last time David Vitter had a sleepover and invited Ted Haggard and Dennis Rodman .
But I guess you gotta have hope – the way it looks right now there ’s nothing left but hope .
As our buddy Lex recently said , money talks and bullshit walks .
And anything that ai n’t money is bullshit .
Look .
It says so , right there in the Constitution .
Imagine the joy of finding a copy of The Beatles : Rock Band or Guitar Hero 5 under your Christmas tree this year .
Now imagine what you ’d feel like if , instead , you unwrapped a copy of an ultra-chintzy , bottom dollar Guitar Hero knockoff .
Behold .
Guitar Superstar
( picture courtesy of the always - excellent Rock Band Aide )
Featuring , according to the box , 12 “ hit ” songs :
Santana – “ Stormy ”
Motorhead – “ Fight ”
Fall Out Boy – “ Dance , Dance ”
Alice Cooper – “ Billion Dollar Babies ”
System Of A Down – “ Forest ”
The Vines – “ Get Free ”
Aerosmith – “ I Do n’t Wanna Miss A Thing ”
There must be multiple versions of this thing , because this one features the song Granite Man .
Not Iron Man , mind you , but … Granite Man .
Oh , but wait , there ’s more !
Shredmaster Jr.
This one has a similar tracklist , but a totally different gameplay UI .
Smoke on the Water
I Love Rock and Roll
Iron Man
You Give Love a Bad Name
Billion Dollar Babies
Hotel California
Paradise City
Smells Like Teen Spirit
Paranoid
Master of Puppets
I ’m not sure which one is worse .
I do n’t think there can be a winner when both are so bad .
This is gameplay that would have been barely acceptable in the 8 - bit NES era , and “ songs ” that are painful , barely recognizable MIDI deconstructions of the originals .
There ’s even a drum superstar , though it ’s so profoundly bad I could n’t find any details on it , or videos of it in action .
Any kids who got these crappy knockoffs for Christmas instead of the real thing , you have my condolences .
I ’m sorry your parents do n’t love you !
The unemployment rate dropped last month for men and women , blacks and whites , lifting hopes that the long dry spell in the jobs market may be coming to an end .
But for recent college graduates and other young adults , the labor situation did n’t just remain dire -- it got worse .
For 20 - to 24 - year - olds , the jobless rate rose four - tenths of a percent to 16 % in November , even as unemployment nationally slipped to 10 % from 10.2 % .
And data from the Labor Department show that the unemployment figure for college graduates in that age group was 10.6 % in the third quarter -- the highest since early 1983 and more than double the rate for older college - educated workers .
Kyle Daley , 22 , of Walnut Creek , Calif. , provides a grim case study .
In June , Daley graduated from UCLA , one of the country ’s best universities .
He received a degree in political science .
His grade - point average : a solid 3.5 .
Since January , he has applied for about 600 jobs , mostly entry - level positions such as office assistant , junior analyst and marketing associate .
He has reached out to small firms and Fortune 500 companies in aerospace , entertainment , finance and government , from Alabama to Washington state .
The results : two interviews , one in person and another over the telephone , neither of which panned out .
Compounding his financial bind , Daley does n’t have enough work history to qualify for jobless benefits .
So he lives with his parents and gets around with mass - transit tickets from his mom .
Eventually , things will probably get better for Daley and for classmates he said were having similar problems .
After all , job and pay prospects for college graduates are generally stronger than for workers with less education .
But studies also suggest that graduates entering the workforce in a recession see negative effects not only in the short term but for years into the future in terms of pay and career mobility .
Entry - level salaries are usually lower in tough times , and for most workers , where they start is one of the biggest factors in how much they ’re earning a decade later .
The slower start can also influence family formation and consumer spending on such things as cars and houses .
Those effects are likely to be even more pronounced this time given the severity of the latest recession .
“ At this point , it ’s almost like I ca n’t even start on building a career or a life if I ca n’t get my foot in the door , ” Daley said .
Kathy Sims , UCLA ’s Career Center director , said Daley ’s case was unusually bleak , but she noted that the last 12 months was the worst job market that she ’d seen in her 32 - year career .
Last winter and spring , she said , 40 % fewer companies came to recruit on campus than a year earlier .
Although the recruiting activity looks stronger heading into 2010 , neither Sims nor officials at other universities see a robust recovery soon in the hiring of new graduates .
“ I think it ’s going to be marginally , slightly better next year , ” said Patricia Rose , who runs the University of Pennsylvania ’s Career Services .
Rose was n’t surprised by Daley ’s experience .
Unlike other recessions , she said , this one hit particularly hard and across the board , even for graduates of programs such as nursing , where demand almost always outstrips supply .
When the economy has turned down in the past , she recalled , Penn nurses had little trouble getting jobs .
But this time , Rose said , experienced nurses went back to work or signed up for more hours -- some because their spouses had lost jobs -- and that left fewer openings for fresh graduates .
Overall , 61 % of Penn students who graduated in May with a bachelor ’s degree were employed full time within six months , down from 68 % last year , Rose said .
About 20 % of this year ’s class reported going to graduate or professional schools .
Many of today ’s college students continue their studies beyond bachelor ’s degrees , but this recession has intensified the trend as students sought a haven .
At Penn the figure was up from 18 % last year .
Many colleges and universities have n’t yet collected job statistics for this year ’s graduates .
And some , including UCLA , either do n’t track or do n’t publicly report placement data .
( UCLA ’s Sims said she does n’t because too few students respond to surveys . )
The National Assn. of Colleges and Employers wo n’t have employment statistics for this year ’s graduates until early 2011 , but it ’s almost certain to show a further sharp drop from last year ’s levels .
Last year , an average of 67 % of students had full - time jobs within six months of graduation , according to reports from 557 four - year colleges .
That was a decline from a placement rate of 75 % for the class of 2007 and 77 % the year before .
Edwin Koc , the association ’s research director , said he ’d had discussions with several dozen colleges in recent weeks , and some of them are seeing employment rates as low as 30 % for those who graduated six or seven months ago .
“ It ’s going to be a bad year , ” he said .
It ’s been a horrible one for Lizzie Williams , a May graduate of Michigan State University .
Even with the recession and Michigan ’s troubles -- it has the nation ’s highest unemployment rate at 15.1 % -- the 22 - year - old from Grand Rapids , Mich. , figured she would have landed a job by now .
After all , she graduated with high honors , majoring in communications with a specialty in design .
She worked part time throughout college and spent time studying in England and the Czech Republic .
Since March , Williams has applied for more than 100 jobs .
She ’s had three interviews .
One was at a health information company in Wisconsin , which she said told her that it had received 100,000 applications .
“ Never in my furthest imagination did I expect it would take this long , ” she said on a recent afternoon .
Williams was driving from Grand Rapids , where she lives with her parents , to East Lansing , where she works as an unpaid intern for the local government to network and keep herself busy .
“ It ’s turning into winter , ” she said glumly .
“ It ’s been a struggle .
I ’ve been really down . ”
If nothing turns up by March , Williams said , she ’ll look into graduate school .
By spring , the U.S. economy is expected to start creating jobs again , but just how many is a big question .
Although recruiter visits to campuses are likely to rise next year , employers by and large remain extremely cautious about hiring .
Ernst &
Young , one large campus recruiter willing to discuss its plans , said it was looking to take on 4,200 interns and workers from next year ’s class .
That ’s down from 4,500 this year , said Dan Black , who directs the firm ’s college hiring efforts in North and South America .
Many of those jobs will be in accounting and related areas .
He would n’t comment on salaries , but many employers in the last year offered those just out of college lower pay than in the prior year .
With a big labor surplus , companies also have had their pick of students , leaving many graduates to settle for less pay or lower - level positions than they might have had during better times .
“ I have very few friends who are employed .
Even friends who are . . . they ’re taking temporary jobs just to pay rent , ” said Jenn Hyman , a UCLA graduate last June with a double major in economics and psychology .
Hyman , 22 , started work in September as an events manager for the Anti-Defamation League in Los Angeles , a nonprofit group .
The L.A. native thinks one advantage she had is that she decided early on in college to go into events planning and then took internships to build her resume .
Still , Hyman considers herself very fortunate to have a good job soon after graduation .
“ It ’s something I ’m very thankful for , ” she said .
“ I know I ’m one of the few . ”
don.lee@latimes.com
Apple Removes 1000 Applications from One Developer
Molinker Inc. suddenly found that all of its more than 1000 applications have been removed from the App Store over allegations involved in a ratings scam .
Apple removed the apps after it has received information that most of the software created by the Chinese developer have 5 - star ratings .
The reviewers who gave the 5 - star were only reviewing apps developed by Molinker .
Each review were also similar to one another .
It was suspected that the developers themselves were posting the high rating reviews to achieve higher rating average and to increase sales .
The Chinese developer caters to photography , travel and public transportation applications .
They comprised about 1 % of available apps .
Reader SCW suggested Apple to check the ratings of Molinker ’s applications in a blog in iPhoneography .
He addressed his concern to Phil Schiller , Apple Senior Vice President for Worldwide Product Marketing .
Schiller immediately took action saying that they would look into the matter .
Last Sunday , Schiller informed SCW that Molinker ’s products have been removed from the app store .
54 Most Beautiful Waterfall Photography
Beautiful Wonders of nature captured by some amazing photographers .
Really beautiful waterfalls photography .
Waterfalls are always beautiful and sometimes due to the falling water it creates rainbows among them as well , which makes it even more beautiful !
So to express my thought on this beautiful phenomenon i have collected this awesome 54 waterfalls photos .
These Beautiful Waterfalls Pictures have been taken from DA , and the credit is given ofcourse .
Beautiful Waterfalls :
Iguacu waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls at 40 degrees 2
Waterfalls .
Waterfalls by photomek
Waterfalls
Fresh Waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls III
Waterfalls II
The Softness of the Waterfalls
Waterfalls by sigmond29
waterfalls
Arboretum Waterfalls
Waterfalls
waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls
Bisan waterfalls
Montello Waterfalls by ariseandrejoice
Waterfalls
Prospect Park Waterfalls
Krka waterfalls
waterfalls
Waterfalls
waterfalls of another world I
waterfalls of blue water
Waterfalls in Spain
Pretty WaterFalls
Beauty In Waterfalls
Rainbow Waterfalls
Waterfall
waterfalls
Waterfalls 2
Waterfall
Waterfalls by Cafat
Roar of the water
Waterfalls Part 1
Manavgat Waterfalls
Waterfalls
little waterfalls .. by AniuWolfy
waterfalls
Waterfalls
waterfalls 2
Marmore Waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls .
waterfalls
Waterfalls
Waterfalls
waterfalls
Waterfalls
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Congress will probably be able to stop the Obama administration from bringing Guantanamo Bay detainees to U.S. soil , the Republican leader in the House of Representatives said on Thursday .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH ) speaks about efforts to rally fellow Republicans to help pass a bill to provide a $ 700 billion bailout for the current financial and banking crisis , on Capitol Hill in Washington , in this October 3 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
Representative John Boehner said at least at least two pieces of legislation would have to go through Congress before the U.S. government can move any of the detainees to an Illinois prison -- and he doubted either bill would pass .
“ I would n’t want to bet on when those two pieces of legislation will pass , if ever , ” Boehner told reporters .
The Democrats have a majority in both houses of Congress , but lawmakers in both parties are nervous about President Barack Obama ’s pledge to close the prison camp at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba that houses foreign terrorism suspects .
This week the administration said it planned to buy an Illinois prison and move some Guantanamo detainees there .
But current U.S. law bars Guantanamo detainees from being brought onto U.S. soil , unless they are going to be prosecuted .
Boehner suggested that provision would need to be changed .
The Ohio Republican said the administration would also need to get congressional approval to fund the prison project .
Boehner warned the White House not to try to force Congress to approve Guantanamo transfers by attaching them to legislation supplying funding for the war in Afghanistan .
If that happened , he would n’t vote for the war funding , something he said he would otherwise support .
“ I am not going to support a bill that facilitates bringing Gitmo prisoners to the United States , ” Boehner said , adding that he thought his caucus was united on the issue .
With serious unrest among Obama ’s Democrats over the controversial war , the president likely needs the votes of Boehner and other Republicans to approve additional funding for his recent decision to 30,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan .
The next round of war funding legislation is not likely to be considered before the spring .
Guantanamo was opened in 2002 and the United States holds 210 prisoners there .
Attorney General Eric Holder said on Wednesday that the purchase of the Thomson Correctional Center in Illinois would help close the facility in Cuba , perhaps by summer .
Honduras :
The struggle must be more intense than ever
By Ricardo Salgado
October 30 , 2009 -- Cubadebate --
Those who claimed several weeks ago that the president would be restored at the beginning of November , though bound by his hands and feet , in order to legitimate the elections , managed to describe the end that we are witnessing now .
But let the record show that it is not the end of the coup ; this continues in effect , its purposes prevail ; the conditions that brought it about continue just as they were on June 28 .
The political agreement made under pressure from gringo diplomacy does not cover critical issues , but rather tries to ignore critical matters and highlights the preeminence of oligarchic interests .
President Zelaya signed a restoration that can only be interpreted as the victory of the coup and the putschists .
The details continue to be thorny : there is as yet no firm schedule for the actions that will take Zelaya back to the presidential palace .
Technically the agreement may keep the constitutional president imprisoned for several more days in the Brazilian embassy , since it is the National Congress that must decide the fate of the country .
This same congress committed the crime of forging the president 's signature and which decreed his removal .
Just a small agreement where the thief decides what kind of justice his victim will receive .
The Supreme Court , which ordered the arrest and deportation of Manuel Zelaya Rosales , will have to give its legal opinion in order to guide the congress .
Brilliant solution .
There are several commissions to be formed : follow - up , truth and who - knows - what else .
Within the framework of this mess the oligarchy wins the recognition of the fraudulent elections [ for Nov. 29 ] ; now Zelaya will lend his efforts to reopen the gates of international aid to the now wrecked Honduran economy .
In the end there are no guarantees of what is going to happen , neither how nor when .
As has happened during these tragic months , uncertainty dominates the landscape .
We continue to depend on the tricks of the assassins who invent decrees that they themselves do n't respect .
Yesterday , contrasting with the negotiating table , the resistance was brutally repressed .
In spite of having the required permits , the police and military decided to give the popular movement a new dose of tear gas , blows and bullets , as a reminder that agreements do n't eliminate the repression ; they do n't eliminate human rights violations .
It would be very ingenuous to think that we have managed to solve something .
The military maintain a very autonomous position with respect to the politicians and obey their business masters , who continue with the idea that their interests will be maintained by beating up the people .
The repressive decrees signed by Micheletti also remain in effect .
The machine of human rights violations is still alive , well oiled and above all , active against the Honduran people .
It seems that the negotiation , at least up until now that I am writing these lines , has forgotten the huge jail that the de facto regime has created .
It is worth asking ourselves what will happen now with President Zelaya ; will he have the same honour guard ?
What will be his relationship to the armed forces ?
And his relationship to Micheletti's congress ?
On the other hand , the matter of the crimes against humanity committed by the military with the complicity of the de facto regime and the criminal oligarchy remains pending .
Fortunately for the Honduran people , through arrogance or clumsiness , the putschists obviated the issue of the amnesty that Oscar Arias had given them in his original plan .
Very important questions for the Honduran popular movement will come .
The coup was precipitated by the just demands of the Honduran people , which continue without an answer from the ruling classes .
Perhaps the latter gained time in order to delay the process of change in Honduras .
What is going to happen with the electoral process ?
There is a fraud that is also not included in the negotiation .
Nevertheless , there now will be a lot of pressure for the progressive candidacies to participate in this process .
This delicate issue requires a very on - the - mark analysis .
Nevertheless , participation in this electoral process , independently of the results , may allow the popular mobilisation to continue .
Now our vision must be long term ; we must choose very wisely the actions that we are going to take , without renouncing our principles or our demands .
The political situation presents new challenges , and now unity is a critical matter ; not for electioneering ends ; the conjuncture obliges us to give answers to the people ; answers that include giving our people their political space .
It is worth recalling here the many arguments that were made , through all of the comrades ' contributions , which have generated opinion .
It is worth recalling that the action of the resistance has been key to forcing the dark forces of the right to negotiate positions .
Without the popular movement this conclusion would not have been necessary .
The protagonism that the people of this country have earned has been a central element for an unusual phenomenon in the history of Latin America to have arisen : an overthrown president is restored to his position .
I fervently hope that President Zelaya never forgets that it has been the actions of the people that have won his restoration ; that he does not forget his moral debt to the refounding of Honduras .
This is a people 's victory , but it is only a triumph on the road of much suffering and despair that will surely come in the search for a new country , where we can all live in peace .
The oligarchy and the empire have shown that they will give us nothing .
If we want to conquer our freedom we must struggle for it .
In this way , the slogans remain .
Today we celebrate , but we stay alert .
The struggle is perhaps more intense today than ever .
Today many traitors will emerge once again from the shadows ; today we must remember our martyrs with more intensity than ever , to whom we owe the conquering of a dream : the independence of Honduras .
Let us remember : the struggle begins here .
Let us not make the mistake of mistaking this for our aspirations .
For the assassins , neither forgetfulness nor pardon .
[ Ricardo Arturo Salgado is a Honduran sociologist and writer working with rural workers and fishers .
He is an active member of the National Resistance Front Against the Coup ( FNRG ) and resides in Tegucigalpa .
This translation first appeared at Diana Barahona 's blog .
The original Spanish article is at Cubadebate . ]
Honduras :
An improbable solution
By Atilio A. Boron , translated by Machetera
November 1 , 2009 --
Has the political crisis in Honduras been resolved ?
Although a window of opportunity has opened , every indicator suggests that there is not a lot of room for optimism .
It ’s worth recalling what we said here before when the coup d’etat took place : that Micheletti would only remain in power as long as he could count on the support , whether active or passive , of Washington .
It took four months for the White House to understand the high cost that a coup regime would exact in the region .
Beset by the various problems which he faces in his foreign policy , above all , by the rapid deterioration of the situation in Afghanistan and Pakistan and the miring of his troops in Iraq , Obama wrested the steering wheel from his Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , the main architect of support for the putschists , and sent Thomas Shannon to Tegucigalpa with the task of restoring order in the tumultuous backyard .
Shortly afterwards , Micheletti shelved his bravado and meekly accepted what had previously been unacceptable .
Of course , Shannon had just laid down the imperial mandate .
To sweeten the moment , he publicly expressed his admiration for the two leaders of Honduran democracy : the putschist and the deposed .
Zelaya proposes a three - point program : restoraton , amnesty and a government of national reconciliation .
The first will be resolved by the Honduran Congress , the same which enthusiastically validated the coup d’etat and was unsparing in its insults and lies against him .
The outcome remains to be seen , but it will not be simple .
Amnesty , for whom ?
For the civilian and military employees of a government which violated human rights and infringed upon every freedom ?
Or for Zelaya , for crimes he did not commit , such as having the audacity to try to ask his people if they were in favuor of holding a constitutional convention ?
And of the third , closely tied to the second , the less said the better .
Because under current conditions , is n’t a government of national reconciliation simply a passport to oblivion , to forgetfulness , to impunity ?
A cursory review of the crisis and its apparent resolution reveals that the putschists can feel satisfied because they preserved their two main objectives : deposing Zelaya , even if he re-assumes the presidency for a few months until the end of his term ; and having achieved international recognition for the flawed elections scheduled for November 29 , something that Shannon took upon himself to assure .
For its part , the Honduran oligarchy removes itself from the danger of more aggressive action by the United States against its properties and privileges ; something that might have occurred if an agreement had not been reached .
A stickier sort of control by Washington over their assets and funds in the United States caused them sleepless nights , and Micheletti ’s intransigence had become an unnecessary threat to their interests .
For Zelaya , the balance is far more complex , and that is precisely what overshadows the Honduran landscape .
His restoration does n’t remove the underlying causes that provoked the coup d’etat , not in the slightest .
Furthermore , as a result , would it not simply validate the results of elections plagued with extremely serious irregularities and a campaign that unfolded under the climate of violence and terror imposed by the putschists ?
Micheletti has already been beating the war drums .
The agreement was barely sealed when he told CNN en Español that once restored to power , “ Zelaya and the people who come with him are sure to undertake a campaign of retribution .
Only someone who is unaware of Zelaya ’s attitude could believe that there will not be consequences . ”
What will the response be should the government be restored ?
Amnesty for the putschists , reconciliation with them , hugs for Micheletti ?
But Zelaya is far from being the only actor in this drama :
How may the heroic militants who risked their lives and their physical integrity to defend their legitimate government react , especially once the possibility of calling a popular referendum to reform the constitution has also been completely ruled out ?
There are many dead and wounded , much imprisonment and humiliation along the way .
Will these men and women who won the streets in Honduras accept the forgetting of so many crimes and the pardon of their victimisers ?
Also , the one lesson taken by the efforts of the people and social movements over the past four months of resistance is that if they organise themselves and mobilise their influence in the political juncture can be decisive , much more than they realised before .
The crisis taught them , brutally , that they can stop being history ’s objects and turn themselves into its protagonists .
And perhaps because of that , beyond what has taken place with this accord , they may decide to continue onward with their struggles for a different Honduras , one that does not come about with unjust amnesties or spurious reconciliations .
[ Dr. Atilio A. Boron is director of the Programa Latinoamericano de Educación a Distancia en Ciencias Sociales , in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Visit Boron 's web site at http://www.atilioboron.com.]
Video : Cats versus dogs
Fight !
( Image : Cultura / Corbis )
THE world is divided into “ dog people ” and “ cat people ” , each passionately believing that their preferred pet is superior .
Until a decade ago , there was very little scientific evidence either camp could muster to support its claims .
Then animal behaviourists became interested in dogs and unleashed a pack of ingenious experiments testing canine capabilities and cognition .
Recently , researchers have started doing similar work with cats .
Could it be time for that showdown ?
There are obvious pitfalls in trying to use science to resolve this perennial dispute .
Every pet - owner knows their furry family member is special – a unique being with its own talents and foibles .
Yet scientific research tends to look at species as a whole and deals in averages and trends when attempting to quantify their characteristics .
Then there is the thorny issue of comparing two very different animals .
Some might argue that the whole venture is doomed to failure , but here at New Scientist we like a challenge .
So we have pitted cats against dogs in 11 categories .
It ’s a winner - take - all competition with “ best in show ” being awarded to the pet that prevails in the most categories .
Let the fur fly …
1. BRAINS
At 64 grams , the average dog brain is far bigger than its feline equivalent , which weighs in at a mere 25 grams .
But then the average dog is much heavier than the average cat .
If instead you measure brain mass as a percentage of body mass , cats win by a whisker .
Felophiles should not gloat yet .
In general , smaller mammals have slightly larger brains relative to their body size …
Decline from 49 % in September far exceeds that for other issues and for approval more broadly
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans are far less approving of President Obama 's handling of the situation in Afghanistan than they have been in recent months , with 35 % currently approving , down from 49 % in September and 56 % in July .
" The decline in Obama 's approval rating on Afghanistan is evident among all party groups , with double - digit decreases since September among Republicans ( 17 points ) , independents ( 16 points ) , and Democrats ( 10 points ) . "
Tuesday , Obama outlines his new strategy for the war in Afghanistan in a nationally televised address .
The policy has been months in the making as Obama held numerous meetings with his military and foreign policy advisers , drawing some criticism for the delay in formulating a new strategy .
The commanding U.S. general in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , has recommended that the United States increase the number of troops it has in that country by about 40,000 .
Obama is expected to announce a slightly smaller increase .
The decline in Obama 's approval rating on Afghanistan is evident among all party groups , with double - digit decreases since September among Republicans ( 17 points ) , independents ( 16 points ) , and Democrats ( 10 points ) .
While a slim majority of Obama 's fellow Democrats approve of his handling of the issue , his new policy may not be well - received by Democrats , who have indicated opposition to troop - level increases in Afghanistan .
The details of the policy will likely be more appealing to Republicans , who are supportive of putting more U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
The question about Afghanistan comes from a Nov. 20 - 22 USA
Today / Gallup poll that also asked Americans to rate Obama 's handling of six other issues .
The president registers less than majority approval for his performance on all seven issues , with Afghanistan his worst rating .
His best rating is on energy policy , with 49 % approval .
Obama 's overall job approval rating has also been below the majority level for most of the time since Nov. 20 in Gallup Daily tracking , though it has inched back above the 50 % mark in recent days .
The 14 - point decline in Obama 's approval rating on Afghanistan stands in contrast to the trend lines on other issues , including the economy , healthcare , and energy .
While his current ratings on these issues are down since September , the declines have been fairly minimal .
Bottom Line
The president 's decisions on U.S. military action in Afghanistan are arguably among the most important and difficult of his presidency .
He met several times with his advisers in recent weeks before outlining his new policy to the American public Tuesday night .
The speech gives the president a chance to regain the confidence of Americans on the issue , after a sharp drop in his ratings over the past two months .
But the decline in Americans ' evaluations of Obama on Afghanistan does not appear to have greatly affected their more general views of him , as his overall job approval rating -- though down slightly since September -- has not declined to nearly the same degree as his rating on Afghanistan .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,017 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Nov. 20 - 22 , 2009 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
A guy has invented a roller coaster that fits in his backyard .... 1 question : Does it have a beer caddy ? =)
WASHINGTON — President Obama wants to cut down to size those too - big - to - fail banks .
But his vow on Thursday to rewrite the rules of Wall Street left many questions unanswered , including the big one : Would this really prevent another financial crisis ?
The president ’s proposals to place new limits on the size and activities of big banks rattled the stock market , but banking executives were perplexed as to how his plan would work .
Indeed , many insisted the proposals , if adopted , would do little to change their businesses .
Moreover , it was unclear if the twin proposals — to ban banks with federally insured deposits from casting risky bets in the markets , and to resist further consolidation in the financial industry — would have done much if anything to forestall the crisis that pushed the economic system to the brink of collapse in 2008 .
Mr. Obama appeared to be leaving crucial details to be hashed out by Congress , where partisan tussling has already threatened another reform the president supports — the creation of a consumer protection agency that would have oversight over credit cards , mortgages and other lending products .
Thanks FreeFaith !
Now I 'll always know what to do should zombies or douchebags attack !
I 'm actually quite perplexed by the DVD selection .
Edit - the pic is pretty small .
Contents included : Book - The Alphabet of Manliness Book - The Zombie Survival Guide DVD - Robsessed , Inside the life of Robert Pattinson
Before you get started with any sort of sizable project , you will need to collect soda tabs and plenty of them .
Enlist friends , hit recycling centers , look for can collection bins -- any place at all where you might be able to scrounge for tabs .
You may want to consider some gloves ( preferably disposable and waterproof ) since going through old cans almost always results in getting some sort of liquid on your hands .
You will also probably want to wash the tabs before use .
Once you have a good number of tabs , you can get started .
1 ) Only use tabs of the same size and shape .
The piece of metal that connects them to the can should be removed .
They may be a slightly different make , but all your tabs should look like this :
2) Close four tabs together with a single ring , European 4 in 1 style .
The tabs should be layered so that the holes in the bottom of one line up with those in the top of the others .
3 ) To move upward in a chain , simply layer on more tabs and attach them to the row below .
4 ) To expand to the side , stack the tabs in the same way and then attach to the chain next to them .
5 ) With the exception of collecting all the tabs , sheets of this are very quick to make .
Because the tabs are aluminum with large holes punched in it , this weave is also very , very light .
In large pieces , the holes in the tabs are not particularly noticeable .
I think it makes a very nice scaled look without the work of cutting scales yourself .
If you have edges that hang free you may want to put rings through them ( just as if you were going to expand laterally , you just do n't add new rings ) .
This will keep these edge tabs from shifting around .
Az OKCupid nevű társkeres ő oldal folyamatosan elemzi a náluk randizó embereket , és az adatokból egyszer már összeállítottak egy igen érdekes listát arról , hogy milyen csajozós / pasizós dumák rettentik el leginkább a másik nem képviselőit .
Legújabb kutatásaikban ők is a szépséggel foglalkoztak , annak alapján , ahogy a felhasználók egymást értékelték feltöltött fotóik alapján ( a férfiak a nőket és fordítva ) .
A válaszban azt kellett 1 - től 5 - ig osztályozni , hogy az illetőt mennyire találják vonzónak .
Forrás : National Library of Australia
A férfiak válaszait összesítve nem volt sok meglepetés .
A nők zömének az " átlagosan vonzó " osztályzatot adták , és ahogy annak lennie kell , csak néhány százaléknyit értékeltek kiugróan szépnek vagy kiugróan rondának .
Ehhez képest megvizsgálták azt is , hogy a férfi társkeresők írnak-e üzenetet ezeknek a csajoknak , amiből az derült ki , hogy a legnépszer űbbek nagyjából a 4 - es osztályzatúak .
A kivételesen szép nőkkel ugyanannyi férfi próbál megismerkedni , mint az átlagosakkal , de még így is a legtöbb férfi az átlag feletti nőkre nyomul , akik akár 28 - szor annyi üzenetet is kaphatnak , mint alacsony osztályzatot kapott társnőik .
Tehát az urak meglehet ősen reálisan fel tudják mérni , hogy egy hölgy mennyire számít szépnek , de ettől függetlenül - vagyis talán éppen ennek függvényében - jobbára csak a szépekre nyomulnak ( katt ide egy jó kis grafikonért ! ) .
Még meghökkent őbb a nők adatait megfigyelni .
Miután a női felhasználók leosztályozták a férfiakat vonzósági szempontból , az derült ki , hogy a követelmények igen szigorúak .
Az adatok azt mutatják , hogy a nők szerint a férfiak 80 % - a kevésbé vonzó , mint ami szerintük átlagos lenne .
Azaz a hölgyeknek nem igazán reálisak az elvárásaik az urak kinézetével kapcsolatban , hiszen a reális az lett volna , ha többség átlagos osztályzatot kap , ahogy az a férfiak által adott osztályzatoknál történt .
Még szerencse , hogy a nők azért üzennek azoknak is , akiket egyébként nem tartanak túl vonzónak .
Sőt , szinte csak nekik üzennek .
A csajok érdeklődését távolról sem a legjobb pasik keltik fel , vagy legalábbis a gyakorlatban nem ezekkel próbálnak meg kapcsolatot teremteni .
Hanem azokkal , akiket az átlagnál kicsit rondábbnak találnak - holott igazából valószínűleg nem is olyan rondák ( a hölgyek ízléséről készített grafikonért katt ide ! ) .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , January 11 , 2010
Congressman Ron Paul has called for Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to be fired for his involvement in the AIG bailout scandal , adding that the fiasco proves the Fed should be stripped of its powers and audited .
Explosive emails released last week could see Treasury secretary Timothy Geithner become embroiled in criminal charges for his role in a cover up that exposes the monumental criminality behind the $ 182.3 billion bailout of American International Group Inc .
In November and December 2008 , The Federal Reserve Bank of New York instructed the bailed out AIG to hide from the public details regarding payments the insurance giant made to banks , including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Societe Generale SA .
[ efoods ]
Using Fed secured taxpayer bailout money , AIG paid several banks 100 percent of the face value of credit - default swaps , as other financial institutions were negotiating deep discounts for the unregulated paper assets that do not have to be backed by cash .
Via his Texas Straight Talk phone update , Congressman Paul said today that Geithner had helped hide from taxpayers the fact that banks were compensated for “ making some horrifically bad decisions ” .
“ These banks should have suffered the consequences of the huge risks they were taking , ” said the Congressman .
“ After all , they kept plenty of rewards when times were good .
Instead , the Fed found a way to socialize these major losses so these banks could survive and continue making more bad decisions , at the expense of the American people and the value of the dollar . ”
Paul pointed out that claims the bailout helped save the economy are directly contradicted by the latest job figures , which show 85,000 job losses in December and the unemployment rate , which according to traditional calculations stands at a whopping 22 per cent .
“ It is hard to argue that this sort of government waste has done anything but harm to our economy , ” said Paul .
Raiding Main Street to bail out Wall Street is a foolish idea .
Main Street productivity and the strength of the dollar is the bedrock of the economy .
You can not gut this foundation without eventually toppling everything else .
This is what too many policy makers either do n’t understand or refuse to face .
Or even worse , perhaps they do understand , but do n’t care ! ”
The Congressman added that the whole fiasco only underlined the preposterousness of the claim that the Federal Reserve should retain its independence .
“ This claim that the Fed should have “ independence ” is a canard , ” said Paul .
“ They very much enjoy their comfortable pattern of bailing out friends and devaluing the currency with no oversight and no accountability .
Geithner specifically asked officials at AIG not to disclose to the SEC or to the public particulars about this special deal for his friends .
We only know these details now because AIG was eventually forthcoming when Congress demanded some answers . ”
Paul said that Geithner has been “ praised and thanked ” for his actions but instead should be “ rebuked and fired , ” while the scandal proves that the Fed should be stripped of its power to engage in “ experimental ” monetary policy in the future .
Watch a clip of the Congressman ’s comments below .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Over the past decade as the Fiesta Bowl worked to maintain its elite position as one of the top postseason college - football games , employees made contributions to politicians friendly to the bowl , including some donations that may violate campaign - finance laws .
Past and present Fiesta Bowl employees have told The Arizona Republic they were encouraged to write checks to specific candidates and were reimbursed by the bowl .
Such reimbursement would violate state and federal laws that prohibit funneling corporate campaign contributions through individuals .
Participants could be charged with misdemeanors and felonies .
" If employees are giving contributions and they were being reimbursed , it 's illegal , and it 's something we definitely would review , " said Amy Bjelland , state elections director .
John Junker , the Fiesta Bowl 's chief executive , said employees never were reimbursed and the bowl did not orchestrate donations .
More than $ 38,000 in campaign contributions have been made since 2000 by 14 Fiesta Bowl employees .
Those contributions come on top of the $ 4 million the Fiesta Bowl spent during the same period on lobbyists , trips , dinners and golf retreats to build relationships with athletic officials who control the Bowl Championship Series and to garner support from politicians .
As the youngest of the four BCS bowls , the Fiesta Bowl does n't take its position for granted .
Officials are concerned that other bowls , most notably the Cotton Bowl in Dallas , could knock the Fiesta Bowl out of the BCS .
To maintain its coveted position , the Fiesta Bowl has developed relationships and support among the coaches , athletic directors and conference officials who make up the tight - knit world of college football .
The bowl also has forged ties with local , state and federal politicians who may provide support to keep the Fiesta Bowl in the BCS and to ensure use of University of Phoenix Stadium .
Spending on trips , dinners and golf retreats is perfectly legal and is the way the game is played among bowl organizations jockeying for position .
The Fiesta Bowl is widely known in college football for the red- carpet treatment given to teams who play in the game .
Dan Beebe is commissioner of the Big 12 Conference , one of the six conferences that determine which bowls stay in the BCS .
Beebe said the organization and customer care from Fiesta Bowl officials is " second to none . "
The Fiesta Bowl brings top - tier teams and their fans to the Valley for a game with an annual economic impact of roughly $ 231 million .
As one of the four BCS sites , the Fiesta Bowl is in a rotation to host a national championship game , which generates tens of millions of additional tourist dollars .
This year 's Fiesta Bowl is Jan. 4 , between Texas Christian and Boise State .
Repayment alleged
The Arizona Republic , acting on a tip that Fiesta Bowl workers were reimbursed for campaign donations , pulled 10 years of local , state and federal campaign - contribution records and contacted 10 past and present employees who have had high - level positions with the bowl .
Five said employees made contributions at the urging of Junker and were reimbursed a few weeks later .
The reimbursements , they said , came in the form of bonus checks .
Three of the five said they received bonuses after making contributions to specific candidates .
Records show those donations were made .
One said a bonus was provided after making two contributions , but The Republic could not confirm them in the records .
A fifth person who made a contribution , which The Republic did confirm , would not say if repayment occurred .
However , that person , like the others , said the practice of making contributions and being reimbursed was widespread among employees at the director level or higher .
The five sources spoke on condition of anonymity because they fear retribution .
They were unable to provide bonus records but said the checks never made reference to campaign contributions .
They said the bonuses often were increased to cover state and federal income taxes .
In some instances , they said , reimbursements were combined with other bonuses not related to campaign contributions .
Five other employees acknowledged they made contributions but said they were not reimbursed .
The Fiesta Bowl declined The Republic 's requests to examine its bonus records , citing privacy and other legal concerns .
Junker said reimbursements never occurred because that would be illegal .
" I do n't know of any time in my employment that I have gone to someone and asked them to make a contribution and said , ' We will reimburse you , ' " Junker said , who started working at the bowl in 1980 .
Alan Young , bowl chairman , said bonuses are given for merit .
He believes the accusations are false .
Junker said he personally makes campaign contributions because it helps the Fiesta Bowl 's business .
Junker said there was no pressure placed upon employees to give , and neither he nor others at the Fiesta Bowl coordinated efforts to raise money for candidates .
The employees who claim reimbursement occurred said fundraising efforts were coordinated and the money was delivered to politicians through lobbyists .
Most of the contributions went to local politicians , Arizona legislators and members of Congress who had the ability to vote on legislation that could affect the Fiesta Bowl .
While the total amount exceeded $ 38,000 , the money directed to specific candidates typically was a few hundred to a few thousand dollars , small amounts in most candidates ' total fundraising .
The Republic reviewed campaign - finance reports since 2000 and found 12 occasions where similar contributions from three or more Fiesta Bowl employees were recorded on the same day and given to the same candidate .
In many instances , records show , Junker and Chief Operating Officer Natalie Wisneski gave to the same candidate on the same day .
On March 8 , 2007 , for example , Junker , Wisneski , their spouses and Wisneski's secretary each gave $ 2,100 for a combined $ 10,500 to John McCain 's presidential campaign , records show .
A McCain spokeswoman said the senator 's campaign had no knowledge of any alleged wrongdoing and would never condone any violation of campaign - election laws .
In eight instances , Junker had a contribution recorded the same day with at least two other Fiesta Bowl employees for the same candidate .
In 10 instances , Wisneski had a contribution recorded the same day with at least two other employees for the same candidate .
Gary Husk is a registered lobbyist paid by the Fiesta Bowl .
Husk said he has " never gone to the Fiesta Bowl and picked up checks and delivered them to a candidate . "
Husk said he could not address how Fiesta Bowl employees delivered checks to candidates nor respond to the question of why clusters of Fiesta Bowl employees are recorded to have made similar contributions to the same candidates on the same day .
When told records appeared to show a pattern of coordinated giving , Junker denied it occurred and said , " I have no information on the manner by which employees provided checks to particular candidates . "
Wisneski said it was her " personal choice " to make contributions and did not know why other staff members , including two who directly worked for her , made contributions to the same candidates as her .
Junker and Wisneski are the bowl 's two highest - paid employees , and they made the largest political contributions .
Junker contributed at least $ 10,936 since 2000 .
Wisneski contributed at least $ 6,366 to various campaigns .
Junker said he made personal contributions to Arizona legislators to " protect " the bowl , which has had long - running disputes with the Arizona Cardinals .
More recently , the bowl has had disputes with the Arizona Sports and Tourism Authority , which operates University of Phoenix Stadium and is the new home of the Fiesta Bowl .
The sports authority is currently suing the Fiesta Bowl to recover more than $ 400,000 it says it is owed for prior game - day expenses .
Arizona legislators the past few years have sided with the Fiesta Bowl in those disputes .
In August , for example , seven legislators chastised the sports authority for giving a concessions contract at the stadium to the Cardinals .
The letter came after the Fiesta Bowl complained it was kept out of the negotiations .
The letter threatened more legislative oversight if the stadium operator ignored lawmakers ' concerns .
Rapid growth
The Fiesta Bowl , operated through four non-profit organizations , generated nearly $ 27.3 million in revenue for fiscal 2008 , with most of the money coming from game tickets and sponsorships .
Sponsors include national and local companies .
The Arizona Republic has been a longtime sponsor , and Republic President and Publisher John Zidich is on the Fiesta Bowl board .
Having federal tax - exempt status means the bowl pays no taxes on revenue .
That exemption , however , comes with IRS restrictions .
Among them , non-profits like the Fiesta Bowl cannot make political contributions .
Employees are free to give , but it's a violation of federal law to reimburse employees for campaign contributions .
Denise Roth Barber is research director for the National Institute on Money in State Politics based in Helena , Mont .
Also noting reimbursing employees is illegal , Barber said it 's common for businesses to bundle campaign contributions but uncommon for non-profit organizations .
Being a non-profit also means some financial records are open to the public .
The Fiesta Bowl 's tax returns show it has spent heavily to entertain college coaches , athletic directors and conference officials who decide which bowls remain in the BCS , which currently includes the Fiesta , Rose , Sugar and Orange bowls .
The Rose Bowl had the first bowl game in 1902 , while the Sugar and Orange bowls each started in 1935 .
Fiesta Bowl officials have said they are concerned they could get bumped out of the top - four tier mix in favor of the Cotton Bowl , which began in 1937 and is playing in a new stadium and lobbying to get into the BCS .
It was in 1991 , with its reputation and finances growing , that the Fiesta Bowl , which began in 1971 , was invited to join the Bowl Coalition , precursor to the BCS .
" The thing that is different about the Fiesta Bowl , " Big 12 Commissioner Beebe said , " is that it was a relatively latecomer to the bowl scene .
. . .
But it carved out a niche and made its way . "
To remain in the BCS , the Fiesta Bowl spends heavily to court conference officials .
Since 2000 , for example , the Fiesta Bowl has spent $ 2.6 million hosting the Fiesta Frolic , an annual golf retreat at a Phoenix - area resort for college officials .
In fiscal 2008 , the Fiesta Bowl spent a record $ 387,421 on the frolic , according to its tax returns .
The Fiesta Bowl also entertains some conference officials and sponsors at the Whisper Rock Golf Club in Scottsdale .
As membership is open only to individuals , the Fiesta Bowl provided two bowl executives , including Junker , interest - free , non-secured $ 120,000 loans earlier this decade to become members of the golf club .
The loans have been repaid .
Political connections
The Fiesta Bowl also spends money to win and maintain support with Arizona legislators .
Since 2000 , records show , the Fiesta Bowl has spent nearly $ 1.5 million on firms registered with the Arizona Secretary of State as lobbyists for the bowl .
Much of the money has gone to Husk Partners , which , records show , began working for the bowl in 2000 .
Husk Partners hired Chuck Coughlin , another registered lobbyist , who has worked on behalf of the bowl since April 2005 .
Coughlin also is an adviser to Gov. Jan Brewer .
As a non-profit , the Fiesta Bowl can be required to pay taxes on money spent for lobbyists .
In its tax returns , the Fiesta Bowl indicates it does not engage in lobbying .
Junker said the firms are consultants .
" We do n't think that having consultants and advisers help us communicate our story to opinion leaders and political leaders is lobbying by the IRS definition , " Junker said .
The IRS declined to comment on Junker 's distinction between lobbyist and consultant .
On the bowl 's behalf , the registered lobbyists offer lawmakers free tickets to the Fiesta Bowl and since at least 2004 have coordinated out - of - state trips for legislators , according to interviews and public records .
The trips include airfare , hotel and food , and they have cost the Fiesta Bowl more than $ 4,000 per trip , according to Secretary of State lobbying records .
It 's legal to pay for trips and offer free Fiesta Bowl tickets .
Fiesta Bowl officials say the trips educate lawmakers about college football and provide a chance for legislators to encourage school and conference executives to keep the Fiesta Bowl in the BCS .
The Republic contacted officials with the Rose , Sugar and Orange bowls .
No other BCS bowl takes their state lawmakers on football trips .
The Orange Bowl hosts an annual golf retreat for college officials , but the Rose and Sugar bowls do not .
One Arizona lawmaker who has taken these trips is Sen. Russell Pearce , R - Mesa .
" I go to help , " Pearce said .
" Every four years we run the risk of losing the ( BCS ) championship game , and I do everything I can to keep the Fiesta Bowl viable .
. . .
It means millions of dollars for the state . "
Reach the reporter at craig.harris@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8478 .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Sam ’s Club , the warehouse club division of Wal - Mart Stores Inc is cutting roughly 11,200 jobs , or about 10 percent of its workforce , as it outsources in - store product demonstrations and eliminates positions used to recruit new business members .
A Sam's Club superstore with a store closing banner is seen in Toronto March 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mike Cassese
Sam ’s Club Chief Executive Officer Brian Cornell said on Sunday that the retailer would outline charges associated with the job cuts in February , when it releases fourth - quarter results .
He said he did not expect any “ material impact ” on its financial results .
“ We look at this as an investment in the in - club experience , ” Cornell said in an interview .
“ This is not a cost - cutting move for us in the short term .
We really hope it will be cost neutral for our operation .
It ’s an investment in building loyalty , enhancing the member experience and driving future growth . ”
Cornell took the helm at Sam ’s Club on April 3 last year and has been looking for ways to boost its sales and increase its membership ranks .
Members pay an annual fee to shop in its clubs and get discounts on everything from bulk - sized packages of toilet paper to raspberries .
Sam ’s Club said it will use Shopper Events , a third - party company , instead of its own employees to run in - store product demonstrations and hand out food samples -- a popular tactic used by warehouse clubs to entice shoppers to buy new items .
In a memo to employees , Cornell said Shopper Events will develop a demo program , called “ Tastes and Tips ” , that will offer improved demonstration of items like food , beverages and electronics .
The shift means Sam ’s Club will cut 10,000 jobs primarily held by part - time workers .
Current Sam’s Club demo employees can apply for new jobs with Shopper Events .
Brian Pear , general manager for Shopper Events , said his company would hire about the same number of employees being let go by Sam ’s Club .
But he said there was no guarantee it would hire former Sam ’s Club employees to fill the positions .
Cornell and Pear declined to disclose terms of the deal .
Sam ’s Club , the No. 2 U.S. warehouse club operator behind Costco Wholesale Corp , also said it was cutting the new business membership representative position , or employees in its stores who focused on recruiting new members .
That will result in the loss of about 1,200 jobs , or about two jobs per every location .
Sam ’s Club said it was having more success recruiting members through direct marketing or doing price comparisons , where it shows consumers how much money they could save by shopping in its clubs .
Craig Johnson , president of consulting firm Customer Growth Partners , said it made sense for Cornell to announce such extensive job cuts early on in his tenure .
“ If you need to take a hit to get your cost structure down , you want to do that sooner versus later , ” he said .
“ Given that it ’s the end of the fiscal year , now is probably the best time to take the hit . ”
Wal - Mart ’s fiscal year ends on January 31 .
While Sam’s Club said the move was not a cost cutting one , Johnson said companies like Shopper Events , which specialize in in - store sampling , can typically deliver those types of services less expensively than a retailer can .
The latest job cuts come after Sam ’s Club said earlier this month that 1,500 jobs would be lost as it closed 10 money - losing stores .
At Wal - Mart ’s meeting for analysts in October , Cornell said that Sam ’s Club was shifting its focus from opening new clubs to remodeling existing ones as it works to increase sales .
He said then that the retailer was testing a new store layout , adding more food and drugs to its shelves , and streamlining operations to reduce labor hours in its clubs by 6 percent to 8 percent over the next five years .
Sam ’s Club operates some 600 clubs and has about 110,000 employees .
Wal - Mart shares closed on Friday up 2 cents at $ 52.94 .
This is the first issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming article digest .
I hope to make it easier to keep up with the news and learn about the practice of programming without having to wade through the fluff common on social news sites .
If you write or find an article interesting to a wide audience of programmers , let me know .
Feedback is solicited on the format , content , and frequency .
InformIT has two articles on the fifteenth anniversary of Design Patterns :
In Python news , Guido proposed a moratorium on language syntax and semantics changes for several years in order to further acceptance of Python 3.x .
He hopes the opportunity will be taken to port libraries to 3.x and improve the standard library and implementations :
In other Python news , the much - maligned Global Interpreter Lock is getting reworked .
It 's not going away , but multi- threaded performance is expected to improve without degrading the single - threaded case .
Here 's how :
C++ may be getting software transactional memory .
GCC and ICC both already have implementations of varying maturity .
No word yet on any monad proposals :
A small roundup of tools to eliminate wasted space in your C/C++/ C# structs .
Unfortunately , they do n't go further and help you lay the structs out optimally ; I 've seen a nifty Common Lisp macro that does just that .
An in - depth explanation of the difference between pointers and arrays in C from the compiler 's perspective , complete with disassembly :
There 's a new IETF draft for web sockets .
The abstract says it aims to replace " opening multiple HTTP connections ( e.g. using XMLHttpRequest or iframes and long polling ) " .
Factor , a dynamic language , has added more support for typed functions to help with compiler optimizations .
This article shows how little intrusion is required to convert your dynamic code to typed code and what the compiler can do with that information :
Memcached released a report card showing metrics on time between releases , time to fix bugs of varying severities .
The first step towards improving anything is measuring it , and this shows a few nice ways to measure progress .
And finally , a fun comparison between Haskell and C++ templates that shows lots of common ground :
Last week Mr Osmond , who had been arrested and bailed , was told there would be no further police action .
He said : “ I made it clear to them I am absolutely not racist .
I said I was simply registering my objection to this application because it is 200ft from the most important and historical battlefield in the country .
I now feel I am not even able to express an opinion for fear of being arrested by the police .
Jamaal Charles ran for a Chiefs - record 259 yards on 25 carries and linebacker Derrick Johnson returned two interceptions of Kyle Orton for touchdowns in Kansas City 's 44 - 24 rout Sunday , their first victory in nine tries at Invesco Field .
" We blew it .
In a very embarrassing way , " Denver defensive end Vonnie Holliday said .
" We have to go back and watch this film . "
Why bother ?
" As embarrassing as this was , you have to go back and watch this .
You want to know which guys stepped up and gave it their all ... or did some guys just fold it up ? "
Holliday said .
" When this happens against a team like Kansas City .
These guys had over 500 yards of total offense -- I do n't think they 've gotten that in the last three , four games .
It 's ridiculous .
" Charles is a good back , no doubt about it .
We knew that coming in .
But what did he have , 300 yards by himself ?
That 's embarrassing . "
For the Broncos it was eerily reminiscent of last season 's finale , when they were routed 52 - 21 by San Diego with a playoff berth on the line , a loss that led to Shanahan 's departure and McDaniels ' arrival .
But they do n't appear any better off a year later .
Johnson returned his second interception 60 yards for a score that gave Kansas City a 37 - 24 lead with 10 minutes left , then Charles capped his amazing performance with a 56 - yard TD run .
He bested Larry Johnson 's franchise record of 211 yards set in 2005 .
The Chiefs looked nothing like a 4 - 12 team against the Broncos ( 8 - 8 ) , who lost eight of 10 after a sizzling 6 - 0 start and went 0 - 3 at home in the AFC West after going 3 - 0 in divisional road games .
It was the first time the Broncos failed to win a division game at home .
There were 10 scenarios when the day began for the Broncos to avoid joining the 1978 Redskins and '03 Vikings as the only teams since the 1970 AFL - NFL merger to miss the playoffs after a 6 - 0 start .
By kickoff , that list of possible paths to the postseason was whittled to three .
They all involved a Broncos win against a team they had routed 44 - 13 just one month ago .
The Broncos went into their high - stakes season finale with a thin receiving corps after Eddie Royal was held out with a neck injury and McDaniels deactivated Pro Bowler Brandon Marshall and tight end Tony Scheffler for disciplinary reasons .
Brian Dawkins insisted that was n't the reason for this mess .
" No , that has nothing to do with missed tackles , " he said .
McDaniels had accused Marshall , his best offensive player , of exaggerating a hamstring injury two days after making his second straight Pro Bowl .
That left Denver with Jabar Gaffney , Brandon Stokley , Brandon Lloyd and Matt Willis , who was promoted from the practice squad 24 hours earlier .
" We 're not going to look back on it and say that cost us this game .
That happened , whatever , " said Gaffney , who had a career day with 14 catches for 213 yards .
Neither Marshall nor Scheffler was at Invesco Field , and McDaniels refused to say afterward whether they had a future in Denver .
Other than Gaffney , the Broncos did n't play as if much was at stake , never once holding the lead .
Pro Bowl teammates Dawkins and Champ Bailey were n't on the same page on Denver 's first defensive series , allowing Kansas City to score its first offensive touchdown in the first quarter all season with a four - play , 86 - yard drive .
With Dawkins biting on a run fake , Bailey was burned for a 50 - yard catch by Terrance Cooper .
Bailey missed his assignment on tight end Leonard Pope on the next snap , good for 29 yards .
Two plays later , fullback Mike Cox dived in from a yard out for Kansas City 's first TD on its opening possession in 18 games .
The Broncos trailed 30 - 24 in the fourth quarter and had a chance to take their first lead after reaching the Chiefs ' 40 - yard line .
That 's when Johnson stepped in front of tight end Daniel Graham and returned Orton 's pass 60 yards for his second score .
Then , Charles ended all doubt with his long TD , which put him in striking distance of the NFL 's single - game rushing record of 296 yards set by Minnesota 's Adrian Peterson in 2007 against San Diego .
Instead , Charles encouraged coach Todd Haley to get seldom - used Javarris Williams some work .
" I could have [ gone ] back into the game , but I just went up to the coach [ and said ]
I 'm satisfied right now .
I 'll get it some other time , " Charles said .
Denver 's playoff drought now stands at four years .
" We 've got to look at what may be the common denominator in why we 're not finishing better than we 're finishing , " McDaniels said .
" I can't speak for years prior , but I can speak for this year and we certainly did n't play nearly as well in the second half of the season as we did in the first half .
" We 've got to find an answer .
This is n't an acceptable ending to the season . "
Game notes
In a bit of bad timing , Marshall was featured on the Broncos ' game day program .
...
Gaffney 's 213 yards were one shy of the team record set by Shannon Sharpe in 2002 and the second - most in an NFL game this season .
Dallas ' Miles Austin had 250 on Oct. 11 at Kansas City .
The chief executive of the world 's second biggest pharmaceutical company will today announce that he is putting into the public domain thousands of potential drugs that might cure malaria .
Andrew Witty , the British boss of Glaxo - SmithKline , will say in a major speech that multinational drug companies have to balance social responsibility alongside the need to make profits for their shareholders .
There is , he will say , an " imperative to earn the trust of society , not just by meeting expectations but by exceeding them " .
GSK will publish details of 13,500 chemical compounds from its own library that have potential to act against the parasite that causes malaria in sub-Saharan Africa , killing at least one million children every year .
It took a team of five investigators a year to screen the two million compounds in GSK 's library – its entire collection of potential drugs and possibly the biggest such library in the world .
The move was given a cautious welcome by charities such as Médecins Sans Frontières , although Oxfam questioned whether other big drug companies would want to develop treatments from GSK patents .
Witty , though , believes scientists would and should seize the opportunity .
Speaking to the Guardian in advance of the announcement in New York , he said : " To my knowledge nobody 's ever put confirmed - hit structures into the public domain .
Universities have done stuff like this but on a much smaller scale .
" I think it 's a significant contribution to give scientists around the world 13,500 new opportunities to start research . "
Witty will also announce an $ 8 m fund to pay for scientists to explore these chemicals or others in an " open lab " within its research centre at Tres Cantos , Spain , which is dedicated to work on malaria and other diseases of the developing world .
" It 's trying to create a permissiveness around scientific research in an area where we know the marketplace is n't going to stimulate massive research , " he said .
" Given that there is only a handful of big companies who focus on malaria , this is a chance to get thousands of researchers involved – just like software companies encourage thousands of people to contribute their new ideas for software – and we 'll see what comes of it . "
Witty 's speech takes forward the agenda he set out nearly a year ago at Harvard University , when he pledged to put all the potential drugs for neglected diseases GSK holds in a " patent pool " , waiving the company 's intellectual property rights so that any scientists could investigate them .
He also promised to cut the price of all GSK drugs in the world 's poorest countries and to reinvest 20 % of all profits it made there in projects to help local people .
He admitted he was disappointed other drug companies had not taken up the invitation he had held out to put their patents into the neglected diseases pool as well .
" I think they 're just nervous .
I do n't think they have crossed …
I crossed the bridge a year ago ... that you can have a [ different ] approach to the way you think about intellectual property and openness in an area like neglected tropical diseases .
There is no financial market stimulating discovery so we need to find ways to stimulate discovery .
This is a way to do it . "
While it was pleased at GSK's new initiatives and praised the leadership the company had shown , Oxfam in effect accused Witty of naivety in thinking that other drug giants would come on board .
" Last year he announced some new , interesting ideas .
But they stayed for a whole year as ideas .
GSK should know how the industry works .
As long as this is run by one company , others are not going to join in , " said the charity 's senior health adviser , Dr Mohga Kamal - Yanni .
" I 'm glad they realise now they need to do more than just put ideas on the table .
" It is quite exciting what they have decided to do , but we have to watch whether it becomes something interesting at the end of the day . "
Tido von Schoen - Angerer , director of Médecins sans Frontières ' campaign for essential medicines , said : " The fact that they are opening up their compounds for malaria is a good step .
It is something like we have been calling for for some years .
It would be good if other companies would do the same thing , and for other diseases . "
But Oxfam , Médecins sans Frontières and other NGOs are still very critical of GSK 's reluctance to wholeheartedly embrace a patent pool for HIV drugs that is being set up by Unitaid .
Witty 's view is that Aids is not a neglected disease .
There is a lot of research and development going on because of a lucrative market for HIV drugs in Europe and the USA .
But he told the Guardian that he might join in if he believed the pool would succeed in improving access for the poorest to HIV drugs .
" I 'm not saying no but I need to see the detail , " he said .
GSK was now meeting and working with Unitaid .
" We 'd really like to be in the position of helping them work out detail that works . "
His company has licensed its HIV drugs to generic companies to make cheap copies and allowed them to combine the drugs with those of other companies , which is what the Unitaid pool aims to do .
But he said : " If Unitaid has a better mousetrap , we 're happy to be part of a better mousetrap . "
Girls around the world are not worse at math than boys , even though boys are more confident in their math abilities , and girls from countries where gender equity is more prevalent are more likely to perform better on mathematics assessment tests , according to a new analysis of international research .
" Stereotypes about female inferiority in mathematics are a distinct contrast to the actual scientific data , " said Nicole Else - Quest , PhD , a psychology professor at Villanova University , and lead author of the meta - analysis .
" These results show that girls will perform at the same level as the boys when they are given the right educational tools and have visible female role models excelling in mathematics . "
The results are reported in the latest issue of Psychological Bulletin , published by the American Psychological Association .
The finding that girls around the world appear to have less confidence in their mathematical abilities could help explain why young girls are less likely than boys to pursue careers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics .
Else - Quest and her fellow researchers examined data from the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study and the Programme for International Student Assessment , representing 493,495 students ages 14 - 16 from 69 countries .
Both studies ' results were released in 2003 , and not all countries participated in both assessments .
The TIMSS focuses on basic math knowledge , while the PISA test assesses students ' ability to use their math skills in the real world .
The researchers felt these two tests offered a good sampling of students ' math abilities .
While these measures tested different math abilities , there were only small gender differences for each , on average .
However , from nation to nation , the size of the gender differences varied a great deal .
The two studies also assessed students ' level of confidence in their math abilities and how important they felt it was to do well in math in order to have a successful career .
Despite overall similarities in math skills , boys felt significantly more confident in their abilities than girls did and were more motivated to do well .
The researchers also looked at different measures of women 's education , political involvement , welfare and income in each country .
There was some variability among countries when it came to gender differences in math and how it related to the status and welfare of women .
For example , if certain countries had more women in research - related positions , the girls in that country were more likely to do better in math and feel more confident of those skills .
" This meta - analysis shows us that while the quality of instruction and curriculum affects children 's learning , so do the value that schools , teachers and families place on girls ' learning math .
Girls are likely to perform as well as boys when they are encouraged to succeed , " said Else - Quest .
Obama voters do n't think he 's fighting against the Bush policies hard enough
They 're wrong again -- and we can prove it .
We had Research 2000 poll voters immediately after the Election ended : Even Scott Brown voters want Democrats to be bolder and they want healthcare reform that includes a public option .
You read that right .
By a margin of three - to - two , former Obama voters who voted for Republican Scott Brown yesterday said the Senate healthcare bill " does n't go far enough . "
Six - to - one Obama voters who stayed home agreed .
And to top it off , 80 % of all voters still want the choice of a public option in the bill .
The poll was conducted immediately after the election last night of 1000 registered Massachusetts voters who voted for Obama in 2008 .
Half of the respondents voted in the MA special election for Republican candidate Scott Brown ; half of the respondents did not vote at all .
The poll definitively shows that voters who stayed home and voters who switched party allegiance share very common frustration and anger at an economy that continues to work better for Wall Street than Main Street .
There 's a real populist anger out there .
Voters worry that Democrats in power have not done enough to combat the policies of the Bush era .
Both sets of voters wanted stronger , more progressive action on health care reform , as well .
In summary , the poll shows that the party who fights corporate interests -- especially on making the economy work for most Americans -- will win the confidence of the voters .
• 95 % of voters said the economy was important or very important when it came to deciding their vote .
• 53 % of Obama voters who voted for Brown and 56 % of Obama voters who did not vote in the Massachusetts election said that Democrats enacting tighter restrictions on Wall Street would make them more likely to vote Democratic in the 2010 elections .
• 51 % of voters who voted for Obama in 2008 but Brown in 2010 said that Democratic policies were doing more to help Wall Street than Main Street .
• Nearly half ( 49 % ) of Obama voters who voted for Brown support the Senate health care bill or think it does not go far enough .
Only 11 % think the legislation goes too far .
This morning I got e-mails from MoveOn , DFA , and the DPPP all pretty much saying the same thing , something we emphasized earlier in a quote from pollster Celinda Lake : " Scott Brown ... became the change - oriented candidate .
Voters are still voting for the change they voted for in 2008 , but they want to see it . "
People are n't stupid .
They see that Obama 's administration , like Bush's , is " delivering more for banks than Main Street . "
Needless the say , this ishow corporate media -- nor , of course , corporate Democrats -- are spinning the meaning of last night 's election .
As DFA pointed out , " conservative Democrats and Washington talking heads are claiming that the loss happened because Congress was " ' too far to the left . '" MoveOn had much the same message , emphasizing that it was time for Washington to “ … start truly fighting for working families .
Pass real health care reform .
Rein in Wall street .
Take on the banks and special interests that stand in the way of change . "
Like many of us , they 're demanding that Democratic Party insiders " stop siding with corporate interests and start fighting for working families . "
The poll the three organizations commissioned backs up these demands -- and warns Rahm Emanuel - ilk Democrats that it will be all over for them if they continue thwarting the will of the people .
Emanuel asked -- rhetorically , of course ; the only way he everanything -- a few weeks ago where disenchanted progressives will go other than to keep voting for putrid corporate Democrats , Last night they answered him .
Labels : Change , Hope , special election MA
Join the Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity for an awe - inspiring journey on the surface of the mysterious red planet .
Through the eyes of these two intrepid , state - of - the - art rovers , and with NASA scientists and engineers at your side , you 'll see Mars in a way no one ever has before , standing on the surface of the planet that 's intrigued mankind for eons .
A guy who is bromosexual is totally straight .
In fact he will punch you in the face if you say that he 's gay .
He 's so totally straight that he has sex with tons of chicks ... sure his bro might be in the room with him , maybe videotaping it ( with lots of close - ups of the penis ) ... or doing the same girl at the same time ... with their penises touching ... So what if he 's always slapping his broham 's ass ... and always hangs out in the showers at the gym ... and yeah , maybe he was in a few circle jerks in middle school ... and sure he puts his penis and / or testicles on his friends ' faces every chance he gets when they 're passed out drunk ... and sure that frat initiation thing was a bit weird , but ... HE IS TOTALLY 100 % NOT GAY .
Following up on a previous post about gendered gift giving guides at Lego and Toys R Us , I discovered something interesting .
I was intrigued by the Toys R
Us guide because it asked the buyer to specify the gender of the child , but then tended to have more or less the same “ personality ” and “ interests ” options .
For example , below are the choices for girls and boys .
You ’ll see that they are very similar .
Girl personalities :
Boy personalities ( same , sans “ Glamour Girl ” ) :
Girl interests :
Boy interests :
So , why even ask about gender , I wondered ?
I did a test .
For both boys and girls ages 12 - 14 , I checked “ techie ” and “ building ” to see what I would get .
What I got was rather fascinating .
I ca n’t remember where I originally heard it , but someone somewhere observed that when it came to technology , there was a stereotype that men were the engineers and designers and women were the consumers and users .
That is , both men and women might like technology , but men were active in producing technology and women just got to benefit from men ’s hard , brainy work .
Well , that ’s essentially what Toys R Us told me .
Remember , for both boys and girls , I checked “ techie ” and “ building . ”
Here is the top 24 gift suggestions for boys :
So that ’s 13 building / engineering games ( like Lego and KNEX ) , 3 ipod accessories , 4 portable DVD players , 2 MP3 players , and a few other things .
What do girls get ?
Seven ipod accessories , 5 portable DVD players , 4 MP3 players , 3 laptop computers , 3 cameras , and one building / engineering game .
One .
Sure enough , Toys R
Us confirms that girls may like technology , but boys build it .
US officials today rejected the latest North Korean call to sign a peace treaty , saying that they are “ not going to pay North Korea to come back to the six - party talks . ”
North Korea abandoned the talks in early 2009 after the US pressed an additional round of condemnations against them through the UN Security Council .
Shortly thereafter , North Korea successfully tested a nuclear weapon .
North Korean officials have repeatedly floated the proposal for a formal peace treaty to end the 60 years of war with the United States over the past month , but US officials have said they will never accept normal relations with North Korea unless they abandon all nuclear technology and make dramatic changes to their human rights treatment .
The Korean War began in June , 1950 , and led to the deaths of hunders of thousands of soldiers and millions of civilians .
Though the two sides signed a truce that has held for over half a century , they remain in a state of war and the United States continues to have tens of thousands of troops along the border with North Korea .
Despite State Department insistences that a return to the six - party talks come before any discussion of a peace treaty , it is unclear what the talks can possibly hope to accomplish when the participants remain in a state of defacto war , or what harm could possibly be done to them by closing the book formally on one of the bloodiest wars of the later half of the 20th century .
The United States clearly has many nations with whom it does not desire “ normal ” relations , but in most cases they are n’t at war with them .
Montana Grizzlies Keith Thompson Delivers NCAA
Hit Of The Year On Matt Cline
We take you back to the beginning of the 2009 NCAA football season , when Georgia ’s Reshad Jones nailed Oklahoma State ’s Justin Blackmon with a bone crushing hit .
We thought we had seen the NCAA hit of the year only one week into the season .
Then , just a few weeks ago , Oklahoma State was on the receiving end again , as it was quarterback Zac Robinson who was leveled by Texas Tech ’s Jamar Wall .
Either of those could have been named the “ NCAA Hit of the Year , ” … until this past weekend .
With the Montana Grizzlies taking on Appalachian State for a chance to go to the Football Championship Subdivision title game , the players were prepared to put their bodies on the line , but Matt Cline likely did not have this in mind .
Midway through the second quarter , with the game tied and Appalachian State driving down the field , Cline found himself wide open during a sideline route and called for the pass .
When Armanti Edwards finally delivered it to him , Cline barely had enough time to turn up field and prepare himself for another delivery that was headed his way .
Unfortunately , the messenger this time was Montana cornerback Keith Thompson , and what he was delivering was 179 - pounds of pain directly to the chest of Cline .
The hit knocked Cline off his feet and forced him to seek attention from the medical staff for a few minutes as he lay on the field .
He would eventually walk off the field , but I would n’t be surprised to hear that he left a spleen , some teeth , and maybe even a lung along the Montana ’s sideline .
Hat Tip – [ Outside the Boxscore ]
Share This
It was like a gay wedding .
The only problem was that one of the partners , David Cameron , walked out of the service after about five minutes .
He had only just walked up the aisle with Phillip Blond , the self - styled " Red Tory " dubbed his " philosopher - king , " to launch Mr Blond 's new think - tank ResPublica .
Mr Cameron 's departure , after some brief remarks about his commitment to " progressive conservatism " , surprised the 300 guests , who included many of the best brains in the political and think - tank world .
His exit was symbolic .
He wanted to be seen to be associated with fresh thinking from outside the usual Tory box – but not too associated .
So he pleaded a busy diary and did not stay to be asked questions about which of Mr Blond 's ideas he agreed with .
Breaking up the supermarkets and other cartels ?
A dangerous path .
Repudiating Thatcherism as uncaring ?
Tricky for the leader of a party which still reveres her .
So Mr Cameron found a third way : being there and then not being there .
As I waited for the ceremony to begin , I could n't help thinking I had been here before .
Neil Kinnock and Roy Hattersley once arrived arm in arm to launch Labour 's manifesto but my recollection was much more recent than that .
Then I remembered : Cameron and Blond had launched a " progressive conservatism " project at the think - tank Demos in January .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Blond departed abruptly and has now started his own think - tank , with plenty of money rolling in as the political tide appears to shift in the Tories ' favour .
No one is talking about why he fell out with Demos .
I am told there were " political and philosophical differences " over the agenda Mr Blond wanted to pursue .
Demos , while priding itself on being free - thinking , wanted to keep its liberal principles .
So perhaps that tells us something about Mr Blond .
Closer examination confirms that he has less in common with Mr Cameron than the well - orchestrated hype around the launch of ResPublica suggests .
Mr Blond is a bit of a lefty on the economy but conservative on social issues like homosexuality and abortion .
In contrast , Mr Cameron is socially liberal but economically conservative : the global recession forced him to make a big choice and he opted for fiscal conservatism , dropping the Tories ' pledge to match Labour 's spending plans and calling for faster , deeper cuts in the public deficit .
Labour folk suspect that it suits Mr Cameron to flirt with his " Red Tory " friend , claiming it is part of his drive to distract attention from his return to a Thatcherite economic agenda of big public spending cuts .
The Tory leader has alighted on one of Mr Blond 's themes , that " big government " has helped to create a " broken society " , while conveniently ignoring the fact that he also blames free markets and liberal morality .
There 's nothing wrong with party leaders adopting a " pick and mix " approach – they always do – and Mr Blond may have an important role to play in putting some flesh on the rather bare bones of the Tories ' localism agenda and the bigger role they envisage for voluntary groups and social enterprises .
His mission statement says : " ResPublica will outline a clear path towards a renewed civic society through realising the common goals of mutual responsibility , sustainability and achieved wealth by all . "
No one would argue with that .
The challenge is to convert it into hard policy .
Kenneth Clarke , the shadow Business Secretary , is said to be sniffy about Mr Blond 's ideas for reining in the market and I would n't expect too many of them to find their way into the Tory manifesto .
Indeed , Mr Blond 's influence has been overstated .
He is not , as he has been described , a close adviser , speechwriter , guru , favourite thinker or philosopher - king for Mr Cameron , not least because the Tory leader has already got one in Steve Hilton , the former ad man who has long been preaching the need for a responsible capitalism .
Think - tanks play an important role in politics .
But they have their limits .
Policy Exchange enjoyed the title of Mr Cameron 's " favourite think - tank " .
Until , that is , it issued a report suggesting that places like Liverpool , Bradford and Sunderland were beyond saving and that the locals should move south .
Ideas like that were hardly going to help Mr Cameron 's drive to win friends – and seats – in the north , and he felt moved to condemn the idea as " insane . "
Other proposals have been more productive .
The Institute for Public Policy Research ( tax and benefits reform , the London congestion charge ) and the Labour - affiliated Fabian Society ( the earmarked tax rise for the National Health Service in 2002 ) produced some ground - breaking ideas for New Labour .
Today even the left - leaning ones , needing to raise precious funds in a competitive market , cuddle up to the Tories .
Demos will soon produce an important report fleshing out Mr Cameron 's plan for 16 - year - olds to do national citizen 's service .
It may fare better than some of Mr Blond 's rather more philosophical ideas .
Indeed , some senior Tories suspect that ResPublica may have been born a little too late in the electoral cycle to be able to turn Mr Blond 's thinking into fully costed , workable policies fit for the difficult economic times in which a Tory government would take over .
As one put it : " We do n't need philosophy and fluff ; what we need is some crunchy policies . "
The WASC Threat Classification v2.0
" The Threat Classification is an effort to classify the weaknesses , and attacks that can lead to the compromise of a website , its data , or its users . "
Description
The WASC Threat Classification is a cooperative effort to clarify and organize the threats to the security of a web site .
The members of the Web Application Security Consortium have created this project to develop and promote industry standard terminology for describing these issues .
Application developers , security professionals , software vendors , and compliance auditors will have the ability to access a consistent language and definitions for web security related issues .
Download
The WASC Threat Classification Online
The below grid outlines the ' Threat Classification Enumeration View ' , the core WASC TC view .
Additional views can be found at the Threat Classification Views section .
Threat Classification Frequently Asked Questions
We have published an FAQ addressing commonly asked questions about the Threat Classification .
We have also created an entry discussing the need for a new direction for the Threat Classification .
Threat Classification Terminology
Terminology is particularly important so we 've created a page outlining the definitions used throughout this document .
Using the Threat Classification
Information on how the threat classification can be used may be found here .
Threat Classification ' Views '
The TCv2 has introduced the concept of ' Views ' allowing for various ways to represent the attacks and weaknesses listed within the TC .
A list of Threat Classification Views can be found here .
Threat Classification Reference Grid
The Threat Classification Reference Grid was created to allow individuals and products to reference particular Threat Classification sections with a static identifier .
Threat Classification Team
The list of authors and contributors can be found at our Authors and Contributors page .
Mailing List
http://lists.webappsec.org/mailman/listinfo/wasc-threat_lists.webappsec.org
License
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution License .
To view a copy of this license , visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
or send a letter to : Creative Commons , 559 Nathan Abbott Way , Stanford , California 94305 , USA .
Contacting WASC
Questions may be directed to Robert Auger ( contact @ webappsec.org ) with the subject ' WASC Threat Classification Inquiry ' .
WASC Threat Classification V1.0
Version 1 of the WASC Threat Classification can be found on our previous versions page .
Doom Construction
Kit is a sector - based DOS level editor created by Ben Morris .
It is similar to the Doom Editing Utilities tool in many respects ; for example , DCK is mode - based .
Versions of DCK prior to 2.2f were freeware ; those released afterwards required payment .
However , older versions can still be downloaded and have the same features as later versions .
( The Waite Group published an unrelated book also called " The DOOM Construction Kit " . )
The debate ended , the votes were cast , and all eyes turned toward the board in the Senate chamber that shows the tally by flashing a green or red light next to each name .
It was not close .
With Democrats in firm control of every lever of power in Trenton , they could not deliver , not by a long shot .
This was a fitting finale to the Democratic decade in Trenton , one last taste of the incompetence that has left the state in such a mess .
At the end , Democrats stumbled away like a defeated army .
The board showing the vote tally , which sometimes stays on for hours , was snapped off quickly , as if they were ashamed of it .
“ This should have been a slam dunk , ” said Sen. Ray Lesniak , one of the party ’s frustrated power brokers .
The victims this time were the thousands of gay couples across this state , and their children , who just got a slap in the face .
The message opponents delivered to them was an ugly one , whether it was inspired by religion , by tradition or by old - fashioned bigotry .
They are secondclass families who cannot join the club .
COMPLETE COVERAGE
HOW THEY VOTED
N.J. Senate votes down same - sex marriage bill , gay rights advocates vow to bring issue to court
Full coverage of the Senate debate
Videos from the Statehouse
Moments from the N.J. Statehouse during the gay marriage vote
Full Star - Ledger coverage of the Gay Marriage Debate in New Jersey
But most of us are victims of this Democratic decade in one way or another , unless you have one of those fat state pensions .
Consider property taxes , job losses , the state ’s enormous debt , and the everincreasing salaries and benefits that we pay to teachers , firefighters and cops .
We face a mess that will take many years to clean up .
“ The reason for that is we have not been bold enough , ” Lesniak said .
“ The Democratic Party has lost its moral compass .
We have been timid . ”
Think about the crisp leadership Michael Bloomberg has given New York City , and then imagine the opposite .
That ’s us .
Democrats have stepped around the big problems for a decade , hoping to just make it through the next election .
They ’ve never picked a fight with the overfed teachers union , and did nothing when salaries went up another 4 percent even during this Great Recession .
The police union is even more untouchable , which is why the average cop in a place like Edison makes more than $ 100,000 a year .
They were scared to raise taxes to pay for open space , and scared to say no to environmentalists .
So we borrowed again , sinking deeper into the fiscal whirlpool .
It goes on and on like this .
And it happened again with gay marriage .
Gov. Jon Corzine decided long ago he did n’t want this fight during an election year .
Too scary , even though the polls showed consistent public support .
Then he lost to Chris Christie , and the handful of GOP senators who were considering supporting it all slithered away , except for Sen. Bill Baroni .
That made building a majority almost impossible .
It was downhill from there .
Democrats started to peel off after the Catholic Church made its influence felt .
And if you want timidity , this is how bad it got yesterday : Sen .
Steve Sweeney , who will soon take over as Senate president , did n’t even vote .
As other senators reached for their voting buttons , he held his hands on his desk , staring ahead with a blank expression .
“ That ’s a real profile in courage , ” one Democrat muttered .
The consolation is that gay marriage will come someday .
Supporters will go back to court .
And even if that does n’t work , the sweep of history is clear .
Someday soon this will look a lot like Woolworth ’s refusal to serve hamburgers to black customers in the Old South .
Opponents lost every argument on the floor yesterday .
Sen. Gerald Cardinale called for a referendum on gay marriage .
Lesniak pointed out that New Jersey voters soundly rejected suffrage for women in 1914 .
Several senators said civil unions provide the same legal rights as marriage .
Sen .
Nia Gill read from a national policy from Oxford Insurance that offered benefits to spouses in gay marriages , but not to those in civil unions .
Opponents talked endlessly about preserving the glorious tradition of marriage as the union of a man and a woman .
Gill pointed out that until 1967 , several states in America banned marriage between a man and woman who were not of the same race .
Should we have stuck with that tradition ?
The balcony in the Senate chamber had a good number of gay marriage opponents , most of them in matching red T - shirts .
They clapped at the talk of tradition , and clapped again when Cardinale compared gay marriage with polygamy .
And they clapped one final time when they looked at the board and saw the red lights dominate .
That was it .
The Democrats filed out , one by one .
Their time was over .
And they had blown it one last time .
How to Make a Three - Pendulum Rotary Harmonograph Karl Sims
A harmonograph is a mechanical device that uses swinging pendulums to draw pictures , believed to be originally invented in 1844 by Scottish mathematician Hugh Blackburn .
This 3 - pendulum rotary type of harmonograph gives a wide variety of pleasant results , and is fairly easy to build once you 've settled on a design and have acquired the appropriate materials and tools .
This is a great project to do with kids and can result in endless experiments creating new types of geometric designs .
Two lateral pendulums swing back and forth at right angles to each other with arms connecting to a pen .
One moves the pen from side to side , and the second moves it from front to back on the paper .
A third " rotary " pendulum moves the paper by swinging on any axis or in circular motions , while the pen is drawing on it .
The combined motions of all three pendulums generate the resulting drawing .
Construction
Table
Start by building a sturdy table .
This table top is a 3 ' x3 ' square of 3/4 " thick plywood .
The legs are 1 ½ " x 1 ½ " square and about 37 " long , with triangular braces cut from 1 ½ " x 8 " x 12 " wooden pieces .
The legs are splayed out slightly to give the table strength , and to allow the rotary pendulum to swing without hitting a leg .
Tip : screw and / or glue the braces to the legs first , and then cut their tops together at a slight angle with a table or circular saw .
Adjust the leg lengths to give a table - top height of about 37 " .
Note : if you want to be able to fit the table through doorways without taking off the legs , you might need slightly shorter legs and pendulums .
Drill 3 holes of 3 " diameter through the table surface for the pendulums to hang through .
The hole for the rotary pendulum should be centered in a corner about 8 " from each side just clear of the leg brace underneath .
The other two holes should be aligned near the opposite edges , about 8 " from the common side , and 3 " from the other .
You 'll need a special large circular drill bit for this .
Alternatively you can first drill a smaller hole , and then cut a wider opening with a jigsaw .
Plates to support pendulums
Mount two metal plates ( about 1 ¼ " x 4 " ) on the sides of the two lateral pendulum holes , and drill a small indentation in the center of each plate .
Tip : first start the indentation in the metal plate with a small drill bit ( such as 1/8 " ) and then continue with a larger bit ( such as 1/4 " ) .
Be careful not to drill all the way through .
Tip : unless you have a good drill press , it may be easier to position the indentations of the plates on the table after you create the fulcrum blocks with protruding screws below , because it can be harder to accurately position the screws in the blocks later to align with the indentations .
Pendulums
The pendulum shafts are made from 4 ' long 3/4 " diameter wooden dowels .
Hardwood blocks , 3/4 " x 1 ½ " oak , are used as a fulcrums so the pendulums can rest and rock on the table with minimal friction .
For the two lateral pendulums , use 5 " long blocks , and for the rotary pendulum , use a 2 ¼ " long block .
Drill a 3/4 " hole through the center of each block , and screw 1 ¼ " # 10 screws through each end .
The tips of the screws will rest in the indentations of the metal plates on the table to keep them in place while rocking .
Insert a dowel through the 3/4 " hole in each fulcrum block .
Glue and / or screw them such that the screw tips are 12 " from the top end of the dowel and facing downwards .
The pendulum should hang down 36 " below the top surface of the table with about a 1 " clearance from the floor .
Gimbal
The rotary pendulum needs a gimbal mechanism that allows it to swing in any direction .
This is made from a large metal washer with 2 ½ " outer and 1 " inner diameter .
The washer rests on screw tips protruding from under the table , and then the pendulum rests on the washer .
Drill pairs of indentations into the washer on each side , off 90 degrees between the sides , to allow rocking on two perpendicular axes .
Here are views of the rotary pendulum gimbal from above and below the table .
In the view from below , note the oak blocks ( 3/4 " x 1 ½ " x 5 " ) supporting the two screws ( 1 ¾ " # 10 ) protruding upwards and diagonally .
File down the bottom edges of these blocks as needed so the pendulum does n't hit them when it swings .
Likewise file down the corners of the fulcrum block if necessary so it does n't hit the table when swinging .
Weights 2 ½ lb lifting weights from a sporting goods store work well , but typically have a 1 " interior hole .
You can stack several weights and slide them together onto the 3/4 " pendulum dowel by using a 5 " long 3/ 4 " metal pipe nipple , with a 3 / 4 " to 1 " bushing screwed onto the lower end .
A 1 " steel clamp attached to the dowel fixes the weights from sliding off , and allows easy adjustment of the weight 's height to give different swinging frequencies .
Paper Platform
Cut about 1 " off the top of the rotary pendulum dowel , so it is slightly lower than the other two .
Then mount an 11 " x11 " square of thin 1/8 " board to the top of this pendulum , using a small oak block glued to it for support , with a 3 / 4 " hole for the dowel .
Wrap some tape around the top of the dowel to get a tight fit , or just glue it on .
Use two rubber bands , or some clips , to hold the paper in place on the platform .
If the paper slips on the platform when in use , spray a thin layer of temporary adhesive on the platform to make it slightly sticky .
Arms Connect a 30 " long balsa stick to the top of each lateral pendulum using a thin nail .
Bend the nail back and forth a little in the balsa to allow the the arm to rotate smoothly and move up and down slightly .
The nail hole will slowly loosen further during use .
To make a simple pen-holder , drill a 1/ 2 " hole on the end of one arm , and cut about 4 " down the center of the arm to make a clothes - pin like device .
Alternatively , just glue a real clothes - pin to the end of one of the arms .
Pictures of both versions are shown .
Finally attach the two arms together with a doubled - over rubber band as shown .
Note that if you plan to use your harmonograph regularly , such as in a museum setting , a more robust solution for these arms that wo n't wear as quickly might be necessary .
An alternate version of the arm - pendulum connection is shown to the right that uses a magnetic ball joint instead of the simple nail method above .
Glue one 3/8 " spherical magnet to the end of the arm ( making sure the N/S alignment is horizontal by connecting a second magnet ) .
File a hole in the side of a nylon cylinder ( 1 " height , 1/2 " outer and 3/8 " inner diameter ) and use smaller cylinders ( 3/8 " outer diameter ) to hold another magnet inside that can rotate freely .
Then glue the cylinder to the top of the pendulum .
Pen Lifter
It is convenient to be able to raise and lower the pen gently without disturbing the motion of the pendulums .
To do this , insert a 30 " pole into a hole near the center of the table , just far enough from the paper platform that it wo n't be hit by it ( about 12 " from the rotary pendulum hole ) .
Attach an oak block under the table for a deeper hole and better support .
Tie a string to the balsa arms where they are connected together , lead it through a screw - eye on top of the pole , and back down to a small jam cleat or groove where it can hold the pen in place above the paper until you are ready to lower it .
Experiment with pens and markers of various types and colors .
Generally wide pens or thin markers seem to work best .
Here are some I 've had good luck with so far :
Uniball GEL Impact in Silver , use on black or dark paper .
Staedtler Triplus Rollerball Pens ( .4 mm ) in various colors
Pigma Graphic 1 ( 1.0 mm ) in black
Sakura Identi
Pen in black , purple , etc .
Materials list
Lumber :
1 3/4 " x 3'x3 ' plywood for table top
4 1 ½ " x 1 ½ " x 40 " for legs ( about 14 ' total )
4 1 ½ " x 8 " x 12 " for leg braces ( about 4 ' total )
4 3/4 " x 4 ' dowels for pendulums and pen lifter ( make sure they are straight )
1 3/4 " x 1 ½ " x 30 " oak to cut for pendulum supports , and other
1 11 " x 11 " x 1/8 " board for platform to hold paper
3 3/4 " x 5 " long metal pipe nipples ( plumbing section )
3 3/4 " to 1 " metal pipe bushings
3 1 " steel clamps
4 1¼ " x 4 " metal plates ( or 2 1 ¼ " x 8 " plates cut in half )
1 large metal washer with 2 ½ " outer diameter , 1 " inner diameter , for gimbal
1 screw - eye for pen lifter
various drill bits : 3 " circular , 3/4 " , 1/8 " , etc .
various # 10 screws ( 1 " , 1¼ " , 1½ " , 1¾ " , 2 " , 3 " )
a few thin nails
tools : drill , saw , hammer , tape measure , file , sand paper , etc .
2½ lb weights with 1 " hole , at least 8 of them
2 1/2 " x 1/4 " x 30 " balsa ( and maybe a spare or two )
various pens such as : Silver Uni-Ball GEL Impact , and Staedtler Triplus Rollerball
some string and rubber bands
paper , 8 ½ " x 11 " ( or 9 " x 12 " ) some black , some white
Adjustments
Weight Height
Adjust a pendulum 's weight height to change its swinging frequency .
The frequency of a pendulum varies with the inverse of the square root of its length , so to swing twice as fast , the length between the fulcrum and its center - of - mass would need to be 1/4 of the original length ( which may not be practical with this harmonograph ) .
For a 3:2 or 4:3 frequency increase , the weights would be raised around 19 " or 15 " respectively , although you should probably do some timing tests to find and mark these heights experimentally .
Weight Amount
Add more weight to a pendulum to counteract friction and make the swinging last longer .
I 've found that 5 lb ( 2 x 2 ½ ) on the rotary pendulum , and 7 ½ lb ( 3 x 2 ½ ) on the other two works fairly well .
Note that adding more weight does not generally change the frequency of the pendulum .
Phase and Amplitude
Each time you swing the pendulums to make a new drawing , the relative phases and amplitudes of each pendulum will vary .
Try some where the rotary pendulum and the lateral pendulums are initially making circles in the same , or in opposite directions .
Try some where the lateral pendulums are initially swinging in phase to make a diagonal line .
Results
Two - pendulum results
To simplify things , you can lock down the rotary pendulum by unclipping that weight so it rests on the floor and prevents the paper platform from swinging at all .
Attach the other weights at their lowest position to start , since a slower pen speed tends to give smoother lines .
If the two other pendulums swing in unison at the same frequency you will get simple patterns of circles , ellipses , or lines .
If their frequencies are slightly different , the pattern will slowly change from circles to lines and back again as it decays , which will give eye - like designs .
When the frequencies are very different , you may get chaotic looking results .
However , if you find a position that is near a " harmonic " ratio of frequencies such as 3:2 or 4:3 you can get pleasant Lissajous figures , figure eights , or fish - like shapes .
The effect of the 3rd rotary pendulum increases the variety of possible results .
Some of the best designs occur when the three pendulums all swing at similar but slightly different frequencies , with the rotary pendulum swinging around in a circular motion .
Note that the mass of the paper platform on top of the rotary pendulum causes it to swing at a slightly slower frequency when all weights are at their lowest position , so you would raise that one slightly if you want it to match the frequency of the other two .
Various star - shaped designs can be made by raising weights on both the lateral pendulums , or just the rotary pendulum , to give harmonic frequency ratios .
A 3:2 ratio often results in 5 - pointed stars and a 4:3 ratio tends to give 7 - pointed star shapes .
Achieving higher frequency ratios , such as 2:1 , 3:1 , 4:1 etc. can be difficult with this type of harmonograph , because a quickly swinging pendulum with its weights way up tends to slow down too soon .
It may be preferable to add some weights on top of one or more pendulums above the fulcrum which will decrease the frequency , rather than raising weights to increase frequency .
Further Reading
Make Magazine featured a version of these instructions including some larger images .
Harmonograph : A Visual Guide to the Mathematics of Music by Anthony Ashton ( Wooden Books ) is a great little book with harmonograph examples and explanation including the connection with musical harmonics .
How to build the best paper airplane in the world
Note : to see a complete video of the folding instructions , go to Paper Airplane Google Video .
You can start and stop the video as needed to help while folding .
The link will open a separate window .
1. Start with an ordinary sheet of 8 1/2 " x 11 " - 21.6 x 28 cm ( U.S.standard writing paper size ) .
The exact size is not important , it should be rectangular and not square .
The paper should be at least 20 Lb. bond or copy paper .
2 . Fold over the left hand corner as shown .
3. Crease
4. Result
5 . Fold over the right hand corner .
6. Crease
7. Result
8. Carefully close in the sides as shown .
9 . Fold down the center line from front to back .
10 .
Fold the resulting left hand tip up as shown .
11 . Crease along the bottom edge .
12 . Repeat the same procedure on the right section .
NOW GO TO STEPS 13 to 24
Model airplane instructions steps : | 1 to 12 | 13 to 24 | 25 to 35 |
| Home page - Best paper airplane in the world |
How to fly it |
Top of page |
