Tom Leykis is returning to local radio .
Starting Feb. 25 , he will be on KGIL / 1260 AM – “ Retro 1260 AM ” – from 8 to 10 p.m .
Thursdays with his lifestyle program called “ The Tasting Room . ”
Leykis was among those who lost their talk shows when KLSX 97.1 FM switched to the Top 40 AMP format in February 2009 .
KLSX also dropped his syndicated show “ The Tasting Room , ” which Leykis ’ Web site – www.tastingwithtom.com – describes as a “ lifestyle - themed program for men with a taste for the finer things life , from fine wine , high - end spirits and craft brews to first - rate dining and premium cigars . ”
“ When I left CBS , we also severed the relationship with my syndication group Westwood One , ” Leykis said in an interview .
“ But my producer and I kept the stations we had and continued to feed them new shows on our own .
The idea was we would do this until we figured out a business plan and what we wanted to do , ” he said .
Leykis confirmed the start date with KGIL Wednesday .
He said he is forming a new “ boutique syndication company called The New Normal .
“ Instead of being a big monster that syndicates 160 different products , we will do some hand - picked projects that I believe in and use a small team of people to work on affiliate relations and ad sales , ” he said .
Homeopathy can be hard to swallow ( Image : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty )
Update : Hundreds of people around the world took part in the homeopathic “ overdose ” on Saturday .
No one died .
AT 10.23 am on 30 January , more than 300 activists in the UK , Canada , Australia and the US will take part in a mass homeopathic “ overdose ” .
Sceptics will publicly swallow an entire bottle of homeopathic pills to demonstrate to the public that homeopathic remedies , the product of a scientifically unfounded 18th - century ritual , are simply sugar pills .
Many of the sceptics will swallow 84 pills of arsenicum album , a homeopathic remedy based on …
The Massachusetts Senate Race : A Populist Protest Vote Against Wall Street Puppets
Webster G. Tarpley
www.tarpley.net
January 19 , 2010
Washington DC , January 19 , 2010 — Today ’s stunning defeat of the colorless hack Martha Coakley by the Republican challenger in Massachusetts must be interpreted as crucial proof that the American electorate is hungry for populism in the midst of a worsening world economic depression .
The kind of populism Massachusetts voters really wanted was New Deal economic populism in the tradition of Franklin D. Roosevelt , meaning concrete measures to break the power of Wall Street and deliver economic benefits to the broad middle class and working people generally .
This was the kind of economic populism which was nowhere in sight .
Unfortunately , the Democratic Party of Obama , Pelosi , and Reid , and Barney Frank is a party of Wall Street shills and puppets .
Since no economic populists were in sight , Massachusetts voters settled for second best in the form of cultural populism as represented by the Republican Scott Brown , whose main claim to fame was that he drove a truck with 200,000 miles on it .
That is the demagogic essence of cultural populism , the only kind of populism of which Republicans and reactionaries in general are capable .
Cultural populism is what Rush Limbaugh sells on the radio every day , mocking the elitist cultural pretensions of politically correct Democrats .
Cultural populism is the stock in trade of Sarah Palin , who uses it to try to make Tea Party supporters forget her warm support for the Bush - Paulson $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street in October 2008 , when Palin was running for vice president .
Coakley , by contrast , was a prim elitist who showed her contempt for Joe Sixpack by going on a two - week vacation in the middle of her alleged Senate campaign .
The current tenant of the White House is an elitist snob who functions from day to day as a wholly owned Wall Street puppet , and Massachusetts voters recognized this very early on .
They had been educated in these matters by their own governor , Deval Patrick , who spouted the very same kind of messianic and utopian rhetoric purveyed by Obama when he won the governorship some years ago .
Perhaps because they had already been disillusioned by Patrick , Massachusetts Democrats made sure Obama was defeated by Mrs. Clinton in the Democratic primary there in spring 2008 .
The boiling rage of the American electorate is directed against the two - party consensus which has made possible the transfer of between $ 25 and $ 30 trillion of US government money —
Treasury , Federal Reserve , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , etc. — in the form of the TARP or bailout , while the official rate of unemployment and underemployment approaches 18 % .
Voters are angry in particular about tax cheat Tim Geithner , generally the most prominent representative of the Obama regime .
They know that Geithner ’s cell phone is programmed for speed dialing the numbers of Citibank ’s Vikram Pandit , Jamie Dimon of J.P. Morgan Chase , and Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs .
They know that Geithner takes orders from these Wall Street bandits .
Voters know that Geithner committed a federal crime when he ordered AIG to falsify its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission to cover up almost $ 70 billion of US treasury funds which the bankrupt insurance company was using to pay off financial derivatives in the form of toxic credit default swaps at 100 cents on the dollar to a group of Wall Street banks , and even worse , European banks .
These are the roots of the rage against Obama and the Democratic Party displayed today in Massachusetts .
Voters can see that Obama ’s much touted health care reform plan includes the massive looting of Medicare , upon which senior citizens depend for their very lives , to the tune of $ 500 billion .
Voters can understand that Obama ’s health care bill involves an unconstitutional compulsion of the average person to bail out bankrupt health insurance companies by buying dubious policies from companies which are private , for - profit , and deregulated .
Voters know that Obama ’s legislation makes the Medicare MEDPAC into a death panel in the very real sense of the term .
Voters may also know that Obama ’s budget czar , Orszag , wants to deprive Americans of medical tests and probably represents the hidden hand behind recent efforts to limit mammograms and Pap smears — all to save money for bigger and better Wall Street bailouts .
Under these circumstances , no one can be surprised by the massive vote of no confidence in Obama and the Democratic Party carried out today by Massachusetts voters .
Democrats did not turn out today in Massachusetts because they have been systematically disappointed , betrayed , and attacked by the Obama regime and its congressional allies .
Antiwar activists have been appalled by Obama ’s tripling of the US troop strength in Afghanistan and his evident resolve to export that civil war in neighboring Pakistan , with massacres carried out by private military contractors and Predator drones .
Those concerned about civil liberties have been deeply antagonized by Obama ’s claims of authority for indefinite detention , his continuation of illegal renditions , and his probable maintenance of illegal black sites across the world .
Trade unionists have been enraged by the Obama regime ’s demands for vicious wage cuts on the part of UAW members working for the Detroit auto companies which Obama deliberately and cynically drove into bankruptcy , even as Obama ’s fatcat contributors at Goldman Sachs have been laughing all the way to the bank with tens of billions of dollars of bonuses racked up with the help of low - interest loans from the US government .
Teachers and other public sector trade unionists are equally shocked by the unionbusting tactics of Obama and his sidekick Arne Duncan , who are using charter schools and merit pay as the centerpiece of the unionbusting strategy against the American Federation of Teachers .
The best informed members of the black community are acutely aware that Obama has done nothing to address sky high jobless rates in the inner city .
Gay activists are resentful that Obama has not acted on any of their concerns .
All in all , Obama has already managed to alienate virtually all of the key constituency groups of the Democratic Party , including women , whom he already alienated in his misogynist presidential campaign .
Under these circumstances , it is clear that the Democratic base is fragmented and demoralized , as a direct result of Obama ’s multiple betrayals of his explicit and implied promises .
Both major US political parties have now been roundly repudiated at the polls — this applies to the reactionary Republicans and the Democrats , whose economic doctrine might best be summed up as a slightly modernized and watered down version of the Mussolini fascist corporate state .
We note in passing that the Libertarian candidate in Massachusetts gained no traction , not least because libertarianism of the Austrian and Chicago schools offers nothing whatsoever in terms of populism , and mainly concentrates and demands that the American people he stripped of their existing economic rights to Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , unemployment benefits , food stamps , and other benefits .
Scott Brown appears to have run as a clone of Virginia ’s new GOP Governor McDonnell , who took pains to conceal how reactionary he actually was under a cloak of amiable moderation .
Brown can best be defined as a reactionary gigolo , who got his start as a male model posing seminude for risqué photographs .
But anybody ostentatiously riding in a truck with 200,000 miles on it qualifies a cultural populist , and so Brown carried the day .
But if Brown brings gridlock and paralysis to the U.S. Congress , he will be doing everybody a favor .
It is imperative to block Obama ’s destruction of Medicare , one of the last fruits of the New Deal - Great Society era .
It is imperative to block Obama ’s attempted carbon dictatorship under the cap and trade lunacy favored by lunatic Democratic Party radical ecologist ideologues .
It is basically better to block Obama ’s entire congressional agenda , with the hope that some clarity on economic program might emerge over the next year or so as the depression worsens .
In the meantime , divided government is best .
The Democratic preponderance in Washington is one of the most toxic legacies of the hated regime of Bush the younger , and ironically it is part of this problem which Massachusetts is helping to fix .
In a depression , voters want populism .
If they can find potent New Deal economic populism , they will vote for it every time , as US elections between 1932 and 1944 show without a shadow of a doubt .
But if they do not find economic populism , they can easily fall prey to the cynical demagogy of cultural populism .
That is what has happened in Massachusetts .
The only way to be an economic populist is to shift the cost of the world economic depression and the tax burden generally onto Wall Street financial interests , that is to say onto the malefactors of great wealth who created this crisis in the first place .
That is the recipe for winning elections in a depression .
Most Democrats appear to be too far gone on the road to plutocracy to learn that lesson .
It therefore may well be time to create a new party to represent the one major political current in American life which is not represented by either of the two big parties of the day .
In other words , we desperately need , one way or another , a New Deal economic populist party to lead this country and much of the world out of the world economic depression .
Any Democrat now wishing to survive must immediately carry out a sharp anti-Wall Street , economic populist turn .
A few ideas in that regard , to be supplemented by the detailed economic recovery program displayed on my website : make Wall Street pay for the depression by enacting a 1 % Tobin tax on all Wall Street financial transactions and turnover , including stocks , bonds , and above all financial derivatives .
Claw back any remaining money of the bailout or TARP .
Reimpose the Glass - Steagall law to separate commercial banking , insurance , and stock brokerage .
Outlaw credit default swaps and adjustable rate mortgages .
Enact a 10 % federal usury law to limit interest rates on credit cards and payday loans .
Stop all home foreclosures for five years or for the duration of the present economic emergency , whichever lasts longer .
Seize the Federal Reserve and make it a bureau of the Treasury , passing to issue 0 % federal credit for industry and agriculture , not speculation and financial services ; stop federal borrowing and start federal lending .
Launch a massive program of infrastructure in the spirit of the Tennessee Valley Authority , featuring 100 nuclear reactors of the most modern type , 1,000 modern hospitals , and 50,000 miles of maglev and high - speed rail , while rebuilding the entire interstate highway system in the water systems of every American city .
This is the kind of program which can create 30 million new jobs over just a few years , creating full employment in this country for the first time since 1945 .
The only interests that need to be sacrificed in order to get out of the depression in this way are Wall Street interests , and it is time for politicians desirous of survival to begin taking the struggle to Wall Street .
Otherwise , we appear to be heading for for a seizure of power by a bonapartist regime of General Petraeus and Mitt Romney , the notorious Wall Street asset stripper and hedge fund hyena who was much in evidence at the Scott Brown rally tonight .
Preview clips from the Playboy channel were shown for two hours TV bosses in the US have apologised after preview clips of the Playboy channel were accidentally played out on two children 's channels .
A Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) spokesman said a " technical glitch " was to blame for the mistake , which lasted two hours in parts of North Carolina on Tuesday .
The company was made aware of the error after parents called in to report it .
TWC said it had procedures in place to catch errors , but it was not picked up as it affected only a small area .
' Worst time ' " We 're very , very sorry it happened - we know parents are concerned , " spokesman Keith Poston told local news station WRAL .
" It took about an hour or so once we were notified of the problem to actually get it fixed .
" It was a technical glitch and unfortunately it hit at the worst possible time on the worst possible channels , " he added .
The error occurred on the Kids On Demand and Kids Preschool On Demand channels where clips from Playboy TV appeared in the top right hand corner .
Although a menu of available children 's programming was listed on the left side of the screen , previews showing nude women engaged in explicit conversations were shown where previews of children 's shows normally would appear .
Mr Poston said the explicit content aired from about 0615 to 0815 local time in parts of Cary , Garner , Morrisville , Wilson , Goldsboro , Willow Spring and Johnston County , but added most areas just went black when the equipment failed .
Time Warner said it regretted the glitch and had fixed the problem so it would not happen again .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
March 13 , 2010
The “ investigative ” team at WCVB TV in Boston ran a story yesterday about an unknown substance in fluoride imported from China .
“ Team 5 Investigates found the Amesbury Water Department pulled fluoride from its system amid concerns about its supply from China , ” the news station reported .
“ Department of Public Works Director Rob Desmarais said after he mixes the white powder with water , 40 percent of it will not dissolve . ”
Desmarais said the residue clogs his machines and makes it difficult to get a consistent level of fluoride in the town ’s water .
A screen capture from the WCVB TV report reveals fluoride added to drinking water is a deadly toxin .
In the video report below , WCVB mentions melamine in food products and the heavy metal cadmium in toys imported from China while completely ignoring the larger and more important issue — fluoride is an extremely dangerous toxin that kills .
“ Fluoride is added to the water most of us drink because the government believes it ’s a safe and inexpensive way to prevent tooth decay . ”
Fluoride does not prevent tooth decay .
According to numerous studies , water fluoridation actually increases tooth decay .
The AMA and others fallaciously claim that fluoride added to over 62 % of U.S. water supplies reduces tooth decay .
However , no less than six studies from dental journals show it does not and , in fact , may increase the likelihood of dental cavities .
Exposure to fluoride often results in dental fluorosis .
Large numbers of U.S. young people — estimated up to 80 percent in some cities — now have dental fluorosis , the first visible sign of excessive fluoride exposure .
Dental fluorosis consists of damage to tooth - forming cells , leading to a defect in tooth enamel .
It is also an indicator of fluoride damage to bones .
WCVB TV ’s own report reveals that fluoride is a deadly chemical .
Near the beginning of the video , we are shown an industrial sized bag of fluoride at the Amesbury Water Department .
“ Sodium Fluoride , ” a label on the bag warns , “ Danger ! Poison - Toxic by Ingestion . ”
The label states the chemical targets the heart , kidneys , bones , central nervous system , the gastrointestinal system , and teeth .
Studies reveal fluoride also attacks the immune and respiratory systems .
It negatively affects blood circulation and accumulates in the bones .
It attacks thyroid function .
Fluoride also accelerates aging .
Austrian researchers proved in the 1970s that as little as 1 ppm fluoride concentration can disrupt DNA repair enzymes by 50 % .
When DNA ca n’t repair damaged cells , advanced aging occurs .
Researchers from Harvard University and the National Institutes of Health knew in the 1960s that fluoride disrupted collagen synthesis and increased aging .
Instead of the in - your - face danger of fluoride presented in the “ investigative ” news report , the intrepid reporters at WCVB concentrate on the mystery substance from China and connect it to melamine and cadmium .
Talk about missing the forest for the trees .
The fluoride added to 90 % of drinking water is hydrofluoric acid which is a compound of fluorine that is a chemical byproduct of aluminum , steel , cement , phosphate , and nuclear weapons manufacturing .
“ In this form , fluoride has no nutrient value whatsoever .
It is one of the most caustic of industrial chemicals .
Fluoride is the active toxin in rat poisons and cockroach powder , ” notes Prevent Disease .
Moreover , hydrofluoric acid is used to refine high octane gasoline , to make fluorocarbons and chlorofluorocarbons for freezers and air conditioners , and to manufacture computer screens , fluorescent light bulbs , semiconductors , plastics , herbicides , and remarkably toothpaste .
Fluoride is a big time neurotoxin .
Substantial research reveals it results in widespread brain damage and learning disabilities .
Extensive research on fluoride and the brain has been prompted by studies from China , India , Iran , and Mexico discovering that elevated levels of fluoride exposure are associated with IQ deficits in children .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
“ Repeated doses of infinitesimal amounts of fluoride will in time reduce an individual ’s power to resist domination , by slowly poisoning and narcotizing a certain area of the brain , thus making him submissive to the will of those who wish to govern him , ” the chemist Charles Perkins wrote to the Lee Foundation for Nutritional Research in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , on 2 October 1954 .
Perkins explained how the Nazis exchanged ideas with the Russians on mass medication of a population through drinking water prior to invading Poland in 1939 .
“ I was told of this entire scheme by a German chemist who was an official of the great IG Farben chemical industries and was also prominent in the Nazi movement at the time .
I say this with all the earnestness and sincerity of a scientist who has spent nearly 20 years ’ research into the chemistry , biochemistry , physiology and pathology of fluorine — any person who drinks artificially fluoridated water for a period of one year or more will never again be the same person mentally or physically . ”
Both Nazi and Soviet concentration camps maintained fluoride administration to inmates to decrease resistance to authority .
However , of vital importance to our eugenics - minded rulers , fluoride has repeatedly been found to interfere with reproduction .
“ A few human studies suggested that high concentrations of fluoride exposure might be associated with alterations in reproductive hormones , effects on fertility , and developmental outcomes , ” the National Research Council reported in 2006 .
In 1994 , the Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health published a study demonstrating a correlation between fluoride and reduced fertility and birth rates .
Fluoride is no longer confined to drinking water .
According to the Agricultural Research Service , as of 2004 fluoride was present in 400 separate food and beverage items .
None of this was mentioned in the WCVB TV news report .
Instead we are told to worry about melamine and cadmium , both certainly dangerous but nowhere approaching the threat level posed by massive fluoride poisoning .
As for the story researchers at WCVB TV , one has to wonder if maybe their cognitive ability to get to the bottom of the real story was seriously affected by a lifetime of fluoride ingestion .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Several Toyota owners whose cars are back on the road after being serviced as part of the automaker ’s massive recall have told federal regulators that the fix did n’t work , reports the Los Angeles Times .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has received at least seven complaints in the last two weeks from owners who say that after their cars were serviced , they “ still surged out of control , ” according to the Times .
ADVERTISEMENT
While those reports represent just a tiny fraction of the total number of cars recalled – and the agency has n’t yet verified their claims – they highlight a concern shared by some safety experts that Toyota ’s recall focused on the wrong issues , namely floor mats and gas pedals instead of the electronic throttle system .
In recent congressional testimony , Toyota officials held firm to the company ’s stance that electronics are not to blame for the sudden acceleration .
But State Farm Insurance presented data suggesting “ a strong connection between the introduction of electronic throttle control , also known as drive by wire , and events where drivers of Toyotas could n’t control their cars , ” according to the Detroit News .
According to the Times report , the NHTSA has pledged to look into whether Toyota electronics are a cause of the problem , and Toyota has commissioned a private study of its throttle system .
Toyota has called its solutions “ effective and durable . ”
But one of the recent complaints tells a different story : “ The fix done by Toyota is not the fix for the acceleration problem , ” it says .
— Alexandra Andrews , ProPublica
An item about House Speaker Nancy Pelosi which was widely circulated online in November 2008 was a revised and recirculated version of a rumor that originally surfaced in February 2007 ( just after Pelosi assumed the Speaker of the House position ) , claiming that Pelosi had spurned use of the Air Force C - 20B Gulfstream III 12 - seat jet that had been made available to her predecessor , Dennis Hastert , and instead demanded the use of a larger , more luxurious aircraft :
Madame Pelosi was n’t happy with the small private jet that comes with the Speaker ’s job , no , Madame Pelosi was aggravated that this little jet had to stop to refuel , so she ordered a Big Fat 200 seat jet that could get her back to California without stopping !
Many , many legislators walked by and grinned with glee as Joe informed everyone that Nancy ’s Big Fat Jet costs us , the hard working American tax payers , thousands of gallons of fuel every week .
Since she only works 3 days a week , this gas guzzling jet gets fueled and she flies home to California , cost to the taxpayers of about $ 60,000 , one way !!
As Joe put it , ‘ Unfortunately we have to pay to bring her back on Monday night . ’
Cost to us another $ 60,000 .
Folks , that is $ 480,000 per month and that is an annual cost to the taxpayers of $ 5,760,000 !!!
No wonder she complains about the cost of this war , it might cramp her style and she is styling , on my back and yours !
I think of the military families in this country doing without and this woman , who heads up the most do - nothing Congress in the history of this country , keeps fueling that jet while doing nothing !
Madame Pelosi wants you and I to conserve our carbon footprint ?!
She wants us to buy smaller cars and Obama wants us to get a bicycle pump and air up our tires !!!
These people are nuts !
After the 9/11 terrorists attacks in 2001 , President George W. Bush ordered that the Speaker of the House ( next in line of succession to the presidency after the vice - president ) be afforded secure government transportation on military aircraft when traveling on official business , and then - speaker Dennis Hastert often used a C - 20B ( Gulfstream III ) jet to travel back and forth between Washington to his home state of Illinois .
The later brouhaha kicked off when Speaker Pelosi inquired about the availability and rules regarding the use of military aircraft other than the C - 20B ( such as the C - 21 or the C - 37A ) .
Critics quickly maintained that Pelosi had insisted on being allowed to use a “ big fat 200 - seat jet ” ( a C - 32 Boeing 757 , which the Air Force describes as seating up to 45 passengers ) so that she could travel in luxury and reward her financial contributors with lavish trips .
Speaker Pelosi said that her inquiry involved security issues , primarily that she should have access , when needed , to an aircraft capable of flying non-stop between Washington and California , a quality the Air Force said was not possessed under all conditions by the C - 20 aircraft used by her predecessor .
Those security concerns prompted her to ask about the use of an aircraft that met the non -stop requirements , regardless of its size :
Because the C - 20 generally would need to stop and refuel to make it all the way to the Bay Area , Pelosi requested a plane that could make it to California without having to stop along the way .
“ I want an aircraft that will reach California , ” Pelosi told reporters , insisting that she does n’t care what kind of plane it is as long as it can fly nonstop to her home district .
Pelosi and her aides said all she cares about is that the plane [ be ] able to fly direct to her home district in San Francisco without having to stop and refuel .
Capt .
Herb McConnell , the spokesman for the 89th Airlift wing at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland , said the C - 20 is sometimes “ able to make a coast - to - coast flight at times during the year , but not when there are strong headwinds such as during the winter . ”
Republican leaders stated — with no tangible evidence — that Pelosi wants to use the plane to reward financial contributors .
Pelosi ’s office denied that she wanted anyone to be able to travel on the plane other than those Hastert was able to bring along — security , staff , family and members of Congress going to the same airport .
“ It has nothing to do with family and friends and everything to do with security , ” Pelosi said .
The sergeant at arms , she said , thinks “ there is a need for this security .
They have asked for it to continue .
It is up to the Air Force and administration to do that . ”
Would Pelosi be willing to use a smaller plane as long as it could fly coast to coast ?
“ Yes , ” said a Pelosi aide .
Ultimately it was the House sergeant at arms , Bill Livingood , who issued the request that , if necessary , the Speaker have access to a military plane meeting the non -stop security requirements — not specifically a “ larger ” plane or a C - 32 , but simply any suitable aircraft capable of making the California - Washington run non-stop — for travel to and from her home district :
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not request a larger plane for personal use to travel cross-country without stopping , Bill Livingood , the House sergeant at arms , said .
Livingood said the request was his , and he made it for security reasons .
“ The fact that Speaker Pelosi lives in California compelled me to request an aircraft that is capable of making non-stop flights for security purposes , unless such an aircraft is unavailable , ” Livingood , who has been at his post for 11 years , said in a written statement .
“ I regret that an issue that is exclusively considered and decided in a security context has evolved into a political issue , ” the statement said .
The Los Angeles Times elaborated on the changes in air travel that the 9/11 terrorist attacks necessitated for the person holding the Speaker of the House position :
For years , speakers flew commercial like everybody else in Congress .
But after the Sept. 11 attacks , it was deemed that anyone two heartbeats away from the presidency warranted a military jet .
Until now , the only speaker affected was Republican J. Dennis Hastert , who commuted to his Illinois district in small executive - style military jets .
But those aircraft require ideal weather conditions to make the cross-country trip without stopping to refuel .
The Bush White House also acknowledged that the request for use of a plane capable of non-stop flights was appropriate :
“ I have never asked for a larger plane , ” Pelosi said .
“ This is a myth that they are talking about on the floor [ of the House ] . ”
The White House also stood behind Pelosi .
“ As speaker of the House , she is entitled to military transport and … the proper arrangements are being made between the Sergeant of Arms Office in the House of Representatives and the U.S. Department of Defense , ” White House spokesman Tony Snow said .
“ We think it ’s appropriate , ” he added .
“ And so , again , I think this is much ado about not a whole lot .
It is important for the speaker to have this kind of protection and travel . ”
In the event , according to the Air Force , Speaker Pelosi did not routinely use the larger C - 32 aircraft referenced in this rumor to travel between Washington and California ( to the detriment of taxpayers ’ wallets and the environment ) every weekend , as claimed in the e-mail quoted above .
According to the Air Force , as of the end of 2008 she had used that larger airplane on only one occasion , when no alternative was available :
Eric Sharman , deputy chief of public affairs at Andrews Air Force Base , said that Pelosi has in the past used the C - 20B and the slightly larger C - 37A , depending on availability , and that these may or may not be able to make a nonstop cross-country flight depending on conditions .
He confirms that Pelosi has used the C - 32 once and only once , when no other planes were available .
In March 2009 , Judicial Watch published various e-mails and memoranda supposedly documenting Pelosi ’s “ repeated requests for military travel . ”
As ABC News noted of those documents :
In fact , it appears that Pelosi uses military aircraft less often than her predecessor , former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert .
The documents cover the period from January 2007 to November 2008 and show that Pelosi made the equivalent of 20 round - trips between Washington ( Andrews Air Force Base ) and San Francisco .
That ’s an average of less than one round - trip per month .
In contrast , former Speaker Hastert traveled home to his Illinois district virtually every weekend and , his former aides tell ABC News , he would almost always travel on military aircraft .
Like Hastert , Pelosi also occasionally leads Congressional delegations on foreign trips ( the documents show six foreign trips : one to Asia , three to the Middle East and two to Europe ) .
Moreover , the Air Force weekly travel reports reproduced in that Judicial Watch report disproved the claim made in the e-mail stated at the head of this article :
They show Speaker Pelosi making 20 trips between Washington and California in 2007 and 2008 , but always on the smaller C - 20B and C - 37A aircraft , never on the “ big fat 200 - seat ” [ sic ]
C - 32 jet the e-mail claimed she used on a weekly basis .
As well , an 11 January 2007 memo from a USAF Military Assistant to a Pelosi aide regarding refueling data provided additional confirmation that the C - 20B could not always ( depending upon weather conditions ) make the trip from Washington to California without stopping to refuel :
Ah , the dawn of a fresh new day , with lots of exciting Olympics events that we and other Americans wo n't be able to watch LIVE because NBC controls the rights and NBC is the network that prevents us from watching the Olympics .
Instead of ranting again about this , however , we 'll just direct some questions to NBC .
As a preface , we should make clear that these are real questions .
We do n't know the answers .
We can't understand why NBC would damage its brand and infuriate sports fans from coast to coast by doing this , so we 're really curious about the logic here .
We would also be happy to publish the responses .
1 . Why do you delay events that are much more exciting to watch live ?
Presumably the answer here is " money , " but please explain that answer in detail .
Please do n't say , " to appeal to a wider audience , " because no one is arguing that you should be prohibited from putting on your big general interest highlight - reel evening shows .
We just want to watch the events live , too .
2 . Is the evening audience much bigger than it would be if you showed the events live during the day ?
How much bigger ?
Would n't you be able to make up the difference by showing the event live on one of your other networks during the day and then showing highlights on NBC at night ?
Would n't you be able to show more targeted advertising ( and charge higher CPMs ) to audiences for specific events ?
3 . How much money would you lose ( or do you think you would lose ) if you showed the events live on a subsidiary network and then showed highlights again in your prime time broadcast ?
To us , this seems like the best solution .
If you did this , sports fans could get their fix , and the " general audience " you 're obviously trying to appeal to in prime time with segments on polar bears can watch the " Olympics Show " you put on every night without wanting to throw their remote controls through the TV .
4 . Do you expect people to avoid the news all day until you show the events in primetime , or do you not care that everyone knows who won ?
Is it really realistic / fair to think that , in the era of Twitter , omnimedia , and email alerts that people will be able to go into media blackouts for 8 hours ?
5 . Is the decision to show events on tape - delay a relic of the days when the Big Three networks ruled the world ?
Is there some acknowledgment internally that the world has changed a bit since 1976 ?
Does Dick Ebersol watch the Olympics on 8 - hour tape - delayed highlight reels ?
6 . Do you care that sports fans from coast to coast are furious at you ?
How do you factor this into your long - term brand - value calculations ?
We , personally , hate you for this .
It 's possible that we 're alone , but based on the feedback we 've received , we doubt it .
That can't be good for the value of the company , can it ?
Especially when you make no effort to explain to people like us why you 're doing this .
As an additional question , we doubt that there 's unanimity within NBC on this decision .
We imagine , in fact , that there are hundreds of employees who are appalled by NBC 's decision to wreck the Olympics for millions of sports fans , along with its refusal to directly explain to Americans why they may be the only country on earth forced to watch the Olympics on tape delay .
If so , we would love to hear from some of the dissenters , as well as from those who can explain the real logic here ( because whatever NBC says publicly almost certainly wo n't ) .
Thanks in advance .
hblodget@businessinsider.com .
Since 1992 , Notre Dame ’s law school professor emeritus Dr. Charles E. Rice has seen his biweekly column “ Right or Wrong ” published in the student newspaper , The Observer .
That ended this week , when the editors refused to publish his latest monologue .
Which just happened to be a giant F - U to homosexuals .
The Observer finds itself playing defense of late , given the newspaper ’s printing of a “ Mobile Party ” cartoon that appeared to advocate gay bashing .
So we can understand why the paper ’s editor Matt Gamber wants to play it safe with regards to The Gays .
Or maybe it ’s because Dr. Rice ’s latest column is a piece of fundamentalist propaganda so absurd , well , it almost belongs in a Catholic university ’s publication .
His column reads in part : “ It would be a mistake to view the homosexual issue as simply a question of individual rights .
The militant ‘ gay rights ’ movement seeks a cultural and legal redefinition of marriage and the family , contrary to the reality rooted in reason as well as faith .
Marriage , a union of man and woman , is the creation not of the state but of God himself as seen in Genesis . ”
That line was preceded with four bullet points about the Bible teaching homosexuality is wrong , including such gems as “ homosexual acts are always objectively wrong ” and “ since homosexual acts are ‘ intrinsically disordered , ’ the inclination toward those acts is disordered . ”
Upon learning his column would n’t run , Dr. Rice , who teaches the “ Law and Morality ” course , said in a statement : “ In a university that claims to be Catholic , I am not willing to restrict my presentation of Catholic teaching to a format that treats the authoritative teaching of the Church as merely one viewpoint or ‘ side ’ among many .
If you require that future columns of mine on homosexuality comply with a format such as you propose , it will be inappropriate for me to continue writing the column for the Observer . ”
Well then .
You ’re fired .
[ PewSitter ]
Totally different from previous generations — or just younger ?
THEY are variously known as the Net Generation , Millennials , Generation Y or Digital Natives .
But whatever you call this group of young people — roughly , those born between 1980 and 2000 — there is a widespread consensus among educators , marketers and policymakers that digital technologies have given rise to a new generation of students , consumers , and citizens who see the world in a different way .
Growing up with the internet , it is argued , has transformed their approach to education , work and politics .
“ Unlike those of us a shade older , this new generation did n't have to relearn anything to live lives of digital immersion .
They learned in digital the first time around , ” declare John Palfrey and Urs Gasser of the Berkman Centre at Harvard Law School in their 2008 book , “ Born Digital ” , one of many recent tomes about digital natives .
The authors argue that young people like to use new , digital ways to express themselves : shooting a YouTube video where their parents would have written an essay , for instance .
Anecdotes like this are used to back calls for education systems to be transformed in order to cater to these computer - savvy students , who differ fundamentally from earlier generations of students : professors should move their class discussions to Facebook , for example , where digital natives feel more comfortable .
“ Our students have changed radically .
Today 's students are no longer the people our educational system was designed to teach , ” argues Marc Prensky in his book “ Digital Natives , Digital Immigrants ” , published in 2001 .
Management gurus , meanwhile , have weighed in to explain how employers should cope with this new generation 's preference for collaborative working rather than traditional command - and - control , and their need for constant feedback about themselves .
But does it really make sense to generalise about a whole generation in this way ?
Not everyone thinks it does .
“ This is essentially a wrong - headed argument that assumes that our kids have some special path to the witchcraft of ‘ digital awareness ' and that they understand something that we , teachers , do n't — and we have to catch up with them , ” says Siva Vaidhyanathan , who teaches media studies at University of Virginia .
Michael Wesch , who pioneered the use of new media in his cultural anthropology classes at Kansas State University , is also sceptical , saying that many of his incoming students have only a superficial familiarity with the digital tools that they use regularly , especially when it comes to the tools ' social and political potential .
Only a small fraction of students may count as true digital natives , in other words .
The rest are no better or worse at using technology than the rest of the population .
Writing in the British Journal of Education Technology in 2008 , a group of academics led by Sue Bennett of the University of Wollongong set out to debunk the whole idea of digital natives , arguing that there may be “ as much variation within the digital native generation as between the generations ” .
They caution that the idea of a new generation that learns in a different way might actually be counterproductive in education , because such sweeping generalisations “ fail to recognise cognitive differences in young people of different ages , and variation within age groups ” .
The young do not really have different kinds of brains that require new approaches to school and work , in short .
What about politics , and the idea that , thanks to the internet , digital natives will grow up to be more responsible citizens , using their technological expertise to campaign on social issues and exercise closer scrutiny over their governments ?
Examples abound , from Barack Obama 's online campaign to activism on Twitter .
A three - year study by the MacArthur Foundation found that spending time online is “ essential for young people to pick up the social and technical skills they need to be competent citizens in the digital age ” .
But discussions about “ digital citizens ” run into the same problems as those about digital natives : there may simply be too much economic , geographic , and demographic disparity within this group to make meaningful generalisations .
After all , not everyone born between 1980 and 2000 has access to digital technology : many in the developing world do not .
It is true that the internet can provide an outlet for political expression for people living under repressive regimes .
But those regimes are also likely to monitor the internet closely .
And in some cases there is , in effect , a new social contract : do what you like online , as long as you steer clear of politics .
Government - controlled internet - access providers in Belarus , for example , provide servers full of pirated material to keep their customers happy .
Activism or slacktivism ?
There is also a feeling of superficiality about much online youth activism .
Any teenager can choose to join a Facebook group supporting the opposition in Iran or the liberation of Tibet , but such engagement is likely to be shallow .
A recent study by the Pew Research Center , an American think - tank , found that internet users aged 18 - 24 were the least likely of all age groups to e-mail a public official or make an online political donation .
But when it came to using the web to share political news or join political causes on social networks , they were far ahead of everyone else .
Rather than genuinely being more politically engaged , they may simply wish to broadcast their activism to their peers .
As with the idea that digital natives learn and work in new ways , there may be less going on here than meets the eye .
Mission Activity or Topic Time , Image , or Source Notes
Apollo 12
Flag deployment
116:16:17 and 116:17:45
The mechanism that holds the flag out straight was broken , causing the flag to droop .
During the mission , Pete wished he had a piece of tape to make a repair .
In 1991 , he explained , " We did n't have any rolls of tape ( outside the LM cabin ) .
The tape that I 'm referring to , I think , is things like ( a piece of tape that ) held the lid on the canister of the S - Band antenna .
And I 'm sure that stuff was either trampled on or gone .
I do n't really remember this , but I was trying to fix the flag . "
Apollo 12
Scratches on the hatch , EVA - 1 Closout Ingress
118:51:38
While on the porch preparing to crawl into the cabin , Al wonders if they should put some tape over some scratches they made in the hatch at the start of the EVA .
He then decides that it wo n't be necessary and Houston concurs .
Apollo 15
Tape used to secure rock box in cabin for liftoff
148:39:34
During the EVA - 2 close - out , Jim mentions that , at the end of EVA - 1 , he had trouble getting the rock box to shut and had to bang it closed with his fist .
During the Technical Debrief , he said " we could n't get the rod and pins engaged in the side of the bulkhead in the LM to stow that box .
So we eventually lifted off with that box sort of loose , although I put a piece of tape across the thing .
But we never could get that box stowed . "
In hindsight , the problem was that part of a sample bag was caught in the rear hinge .
Apollo 15
Decision to take some tape outside , EVA - 2 wake - up and preps 138:51:57 ,
141:44:46 , and
142:21:32
While Dave and Jim pack the Equipment Transfer Bag ( ETB ) pack for EVA - 2 , CapCom Gordon Fullerton requests that they wrap a 1 - foot ( 0.3 ) meter piece of tape around the CDR 's camera so they can use the tape outside to secure the TV cable to the high - gain mast to keep it from interfering with the camera .
Later , CapCom Joe Allen suggests that Dave " put some ( tape ) in your pocket for later " , in case they need to make any repairs outside .
About a half hour later , Dave decides to put a couple of pieces of tape on his cuff checklist , the only reasonably clean surface he has .
The Apollo 16 and 17 crews will keep a roll of tape in the Equipment Transfer Bag so they will always have tape available .
Apollo 15
TV cable taped , EVA - 2 142:32:52
Joe asks Dave to tape the TV cable to the high - gain mast .
As per Fullerton 's earlier request , Dave has already done that with one of the pieces he brought out on his checklist .
Apollo 15
TV cable taped , EVA -2
Before and after of cable taping to the high - gain mast
( large or small )
A detail from AS15 - 86 - 11602 ( left ) shows the configuration at the end of EVA - 1 of the cables connecting the TV camera to the Television Control Unit ( TCU ) and the High - Gain antenna to the Lunar Communications RElay Unit ( LCRU ) .
A detail from AS15 - 88 - 11866 shows the configuration of those two cable early in EVA - 3 .
A cable connecting the Low - Gain antenna to the LCRU is also labelled .
Finally , a detail from AS15 - 87 - 11780 , taken from Dave 's seat late in EVA - 2 , shows where Dave taped the cable to the mast .
Apollo 15
Rock box closure ,
EVA - 2 close - out 148:41:33
and
149:05:10 Jim has trouble closing the EVA - 2 rockbox and comments " Well , I think we probably have a seal , if we keep these handles in this position , because the seal is already made .
If we could tape those handles down , we 'd probably have a vacuum in there . "
After CapCom Joe Allen , asks
Dave to handcarry the rockbox up the ladder because of the problematic seal , Jim repeats the suggestion at 149:05:39 .
Apollo 16
Sample bag holder ,
EVA - 1 traverse preps
122:50:55
After the sample - bag dispenser mechanism on John 's camera failed , they tried taping the bags in place .
" I had them taped on both cameras , but the tape came up .
The gray tape does n't hold too good on that ( dust - coated ) metal surface . "
The tape comes loose at 148:11:25 and John has more trouble with his bags at 148:26:20 .
Apollo 17
Fender torn off and taped back on , EVA - 1 at the LM
118:51:20
While working around the Rover before joing Jack out at the ALSEP site , Gene accidentally catches his hammer under the right - rear fender extension and tore it off .
If they are to avoid getting covered with dust while riding on the Rover , Gene will have to replace the fender .
At 118:52:35 , he asks Jack if their roll of duct tape in under the CDR seat .
At 118:54:51 , Gene mentions using tape during training and then starts to tape the fender back into place .
His main problem is that the tape does n't stick well to dust - coated surfaces .
He uses one piece of tape to clean the dust off before securing the fender at that particular spot .
Good television coverage .
He has surprisingly little difficulty tearing pieces of tape off the roll with his gloves .
He finishes the taping job at 119:02:59 .
Apollo 17
Loss of repaired fender , EVA - 1 traverse , return to the LM
122:47:48
Jack tells
Gene , " I think you have lost a fender .
I keep getting rained on here ( with lunar dust ) . "
At 122:55:39
they confirm to Houston that it was the fender Gene had taped back in place that came off .
At 123:12:04 , Gene says , " My tape did n't hold ; it was too dusty . "
Apollo 17
SEP transmitter deployment , EVA - 1 123:07:44
The SEP transmitter is powered by three solar panels .
The center panel is fixed to the body of the transmitter and the two side panels are connected to the center panel by hinges .
The side panels wo n't deploy fully and Jack has to use duct tape to get them to lie in the same plane as the central panel .
Gene tears strips off the roll and gives them to Jack who applies them to the back of the panels .
Apollo 17
SEP transmitter
126:39:31
In response to a question , Jack tells CapCom that he taped the back of the SEP transmitter solar panels to keep them open and , therefore , did n't cover any of the solar cells .
Apollo 17
SEP transmitter 141:20:03
CapCom requests that , when Jack runs out to the SEP transmitter , he check to see how the tape he put on the solar panels have survived 18 hours out in the Sun .
At 141:21:05 , Jack reports that the tape has " survived " .
Photo AS17-141-21510 shows the transmitter from the back early in EVA - 3 .
A magnified detail ( above ) shows the two pieces of tape Jack used on the back of the solar panels to keep them open .
Jack put a piece of tape where each of the side panels joined the center panel .
Note that the ends of each piece have n't stuck to the panels because of the dust they picked up from Gene 's and Jack 's gloves .
The center of each piece has stuck because they were able to keep it sufficiently dust free .
Apollo 17
Replacement fender at start of EVA - 2 traverse
AS17-135-20542
Down - Sun photo to document LRV location - forthe SEP experimenters - at the start of the traverse .
The replacment fender is on the right rear .
Apollo 17
Photo documenting replacement fender , EVA - 2 Station 2 AS17-137-20979
Just before leaving Station 2 , Gene takes a picture of the replacement fender .
It has survived a 9.1 - km drive out from the LM .
When they arrive at Station 9 , late in EVA - 3 , Gene says " ( The ) fender 's almost worn out . "
Becaue of persistent abrasion by material thrown up by the wheel , the aft end of the replacement fender had lost enough stiffness that the back end was folding under and allowing some dust to be thrown up and forward onto the Rover and the crew .
Gene brought the replacement fender back to Earth and , as of the mid-1990s , it was on public display at the National Air and Space Museum .
See a discussion of the replacement fender , including a photo of the underside taken at Air and Space .
Apollo 17 SEP receiver thermal bag , EVA - 2 at the LM 140:47:54 Jack reports that the Velcro tabs on the SEP receiver bag have unbonded and suggests taping the cover shut .
The covers wo n't actually be taped shut until 164:00:57 , just before they start the EVA - 3 drive to Station 6 .
Handling the tape , Gene says , " I feel like a kid stuck in taffy " .
Jack checks the seal after turing the receiver on at 164:19:32 .
When Battlefield : Bad Company 2 riffed on rival Modern Warfare 2's " Mapathy " promo last week , it could be seen as a playful poke .
This , however - a comprehensive parody of October 's infamous " F.A.G.S. " video - is a straight - up nutshot .
Advertisement
For those not familiar with C.C. Sabathia or why he would be in this video , his team , the New York Yankees , triumphed in the World Series over the Philadelphia Phillies , whose ace Cole Hamels is a noted Modern Warfare enthusiast and appeared in the " Fight Against Grenade Spam " PSA about a week before his team was defeated .
Hamels , you may remember , pretended to raise awareness of the social ill of grenade spamming in last year 's Internet - only viral video .
But the obvious acronym made by the name of his cause got Infinity Ward in a bit of a mess , and the video was removed about 48 hours after Infinity Ward placed it on YouTube .
Let 's also note the contrived " F.R.A.G.S. " acronym , with the R ( for " Really " ) italicized in the title card .
That is what many ( including one of Kotaku 's own commenters ) said Infinity Ward should have done to both keep their trailer 's edge flavor while avoiding the sour tinge of homophobia .
Advertisement
So , let 's see : Make fun of a direct competitor 's game .
Make fun of an embarrassing situation for them .
Punk their celebrity endorser .
Check , check and check , mate .
If Electronic
Arts is willing to go get a major league baseball all - star - and EA does n't make a baseball game , so it 's not like they had a relationship already - to clown Activision and Infinity Ward , what 's next ?
Will they fire DICE 's co-founders ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ thanks to Jay for noticing and sending this along ]
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News
Projects like Donghai Bridge wind farm in Shanghai have pushed China ahead
China overtook the US during 2009 to become the leading investor in renewable energy technologies , according to a new analysis .
Researchers with the Pew Charitable Trusts calculate that China invested $ 34.6 bn ( £ 23.2 bn ) in clean energy over the year , almost double the US figure .
The UK emerges in third place among G20 nations , followed by Spain and Brazil .
The most spectacular growth has come in South Korea , which saw installed capacity rise by 250 % in five years .
Globally , investment has more than doubled in the last five years , Pew finds , with the recent economic turmoil generating only a slight dip .
TOP FIVE INVESTORS 2009 China - $ 34.6bn US - $ 18.6bn UK - $ 11.2 bn Spain - $ 10.bn Brazil - $ 7.4bn " Even in the midst of a global recession , the clean energy market has experienced impressive growth , " said Phyllis Cuttino , director of Pew 's campaign on climate change .
" Countries are jockeying for leadership .
" They know that investing in clean energy can renew manufacturing bases , and create export opportunities , jobs and businesses . "
The US still holds a marginal lead in the total amount of installed capacity , but will be overtaken by China during the course of this year if existing trends continue .
Diversification nation China 's target of having 30 GW of installed renewable capacity in place by 2020 will soon be exceeded through wind alone , and new targets are in the process of being set .
" The government has taken a strategic decision that diversifying its energy supply should be a national priority , " commented Steve Sawyer , secretary - general of the Global Wind Energy Council ( GWEC ) , who was not involved in the Pew report .
FASTEST GROWERS South Korea - 249 % China - 79 % Australia - 40 % France - 31 % India - 31 % ( growth in installed capacity over last five years )
" It is now the world 's leading manufacturer of solar photovoltaic cells , and more wind turbines are made in China than anywhere else . "
However , China 's use of fossil fuels is also expanding fast .
So far , renewables account for a small share of its energy supply , although the overall target is a 15 % share of total energy by 2020 .
Wind was the dominant sector in most of the high - investing countries , the exceptions being Spain , Germany and Italy where solar technologies commanded a majority share .
US investment fell by 40 % during from 2008 to 2009 .
" The US 's competitive position is at risk in the emerging clean energy economy , " said Ms Cuttino .
Spain 's investment also dropped due to the recession , following several years of rapid increases driven by the desire to cut greenhouse gas emissions very quickly in order to reach its Kyoto Protocol target .
Pew notes that the UK achieved its third place through " large offshore wind deals , backed by the government " , and by being " at the forefront of marine energy investments . "
Pew based its analysis on the database maintained by Bloomberg New Energy Finance , the international analysis and consultancy group .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cambodia 's foreign minister called Mr Broderick 's remarks unacceptable
The Cambodian government has threatened to expel a United Nations envoy , accusing him of " unacceptable interference " in the country .
The warning came after the UN called for " a transparent and participatory " process as parliament debated an anti-corruption law .
Human rights and opposition groups say the law is deeply flawed .
Monitoring groups routinely list Cambodia as one of the most corrupt countries in Asia .
In the latest spat , Foreign Minister Hor Namhong sent a letter to the UN resident coordinator , Douglas Broderick , complaining about what he called " flagrant and unacceptable interference in the internal affairs of Cambodia " .
This was a reference to a statement released by the UN on 10 March , just before the anti-corruption law was passed by parliament , calling for more public discussion .
Mr Broderick had noted that " no draft law has been shared with interested stakeholders , including civil society , since 2006 " .
The foreign ministry accused Mr Broderick 's office of exceeding its mandate .
" Any further repetition of such a behaviour would compel the Royal Government of Cambodia to resort to a ' persona non grata ' decision , " it said in a letter dated 20 March .
Opposition and rights groups , which walked out of the vote for the anti-corruption law , said it was flawed and inadequate .
A national anti-corruption council and an anti-corruption unit will be created to oversee investigations - both of them appointed and controlled by the ruling party .
( Sorta NSFW , for strong language and sexual content . )
Jeff Simmermon says ,
My friend 's cousin found this list on the floor of the third - grade classroom in a DC charter school .
The title is " Types of Bitches . "
It 's a taxonomy of 90 different " types of bitches , " in hilarious detail .
She scanned it and sent it along .
I 've put it up on a Flickr set here .
To me , it reads like a rap song .
It 's got this * flow * to it .
Because there are so many Types of Bitches — yes , just a dime shy of a hundred — this informative chart actually goes on for several pages .
You can view all of the Types of Bitches here .
Three classifications I found particularly interesting are " uncreative bitches , " " Geekin ' bitches , " and " white bitches that think Black people are poor . " ( andiamnotlying.com )
Update : Huh , apparently this is like a photocopied , grade - school version of a chain email .
Here 's a message board post suggesting that the same list circulated in another urban school in 2009 .
New platform
New features
Improved portability and usability
Microsoft has announced version 4.0 of its XNA Game Studio development package , which includes support for its new Windows Phone 7 Series , as well as enhancing features for Xbox 360 and PC game development .
The details have been posted on Microsoft developer blogs , including this lengthy post from XNA Development Platform lead program manager Michael Klucher and this quick breakdown on MSDN from Shawn Hargreaves .
The platform will now support development for Microsoft 's newly announced mobile operating system , Windows Phone 7 Series .
As part of that , the target of the development environment is expanding to a more professional audience and beyond the indies that have been previously targeted , according to Klucher .
" With Windows Phone 7
Series we 're targeting the developers who work in small teams at large studios as well as the lone programmer working solo on their first mobile game title .
We think this benefits all game developers and continues to grow the usage of .NET for games for indies and high end professionals alike , " he says in his blog post .
It also seems that support for the Zune may be waning on the Microsoft side .
Says Klucher , " in XNA Game Studio 4.0 , we 're encouraging you to migrate your games over to the Windows Phone 7 Series platform .
"
The platform will now fully integrate with Visual Studio 2010 , and also includes enhancements to audio , visual effects , and usability options .
Here 's the complete list of enhancements as posted by Hargreaves : - Windows Phone 7 Series - Integrates with Visual Studio 2010 - Dynamic audio output - Microphone input- BasicEffect has four new siblings : SkinnedEffect , EnvironmentMapEffect , DualTextureEffect , AlphaTestEffect - Collapsed graphics caps into just two profile levels : Reach and HiDef - Many graphics API improvements -
This involves some breaking API changes - Split Microsoft.Xna.Framework.dll into several assemblies , to make it more obvious which pieces are available on each platformFurther information on XNA Game Studio 4.0 is being debuted this week at Microsoft 's Game Developer Days at Game Developers Conference 2010 in San Francisco .
From The Marbles
With Kyle Busch , Kevin Harvick and Martin Truex Jr. combining to win 14 of the first 19 races , it 's getting clearer and clearer who the title contenders really are .
Charles Berger ’s valuable piece “ If Norway can prosper with a stable population , why ca n’t Australia ? ” ( On Line Opinion , February 22 , 2010 ) highlighted the lack of evidence supporting the supposition that population growth stimulates economic prosperity .
He revealed that no correlation exists between population growth rate and per capita GDP growth among OECD countries .
The 2010 Intergenerational Report ( PDF 1.02 MB ) contrived to imply such a correlation by selecting only the “ basket cases ” of Japan and Italy to compare with Australia .
Why not contrast ourselves with Norway or Slovenia , he asked .
However , his discussion perpetuates the vacillation about the economic costs and benefits of population growth , by citing the so - called “ economies and diseconomies of scale ” .
This is the wrong framing of the question .
It was wrong when the National Population Council cited it in 1992 , and this wrong - headedness is why our understanding has moved so little since then .
Instead of focusing on scale , we should be looking to a far greater extent at the economies and diseconomies of growth rate .
Advertisement
At issue is not a comparison of 2009 with 22 million people versus 2049 with 36 million .
It is the comparison of 2009 with 2.1 per cent annual population growth with 1999 at 1 per cent , or perhaps with a hypothetical 2030 with zero growth .
Do n’t get me wrong .
The “ diseconomies of scale ” are both real and serious .
It ’s just that there are no credible arguments for economies of scale , to counter the obvious negatives .
The reasons put forward for high immigration and birth rates are to sustain growth , not to achieve a larger population .
They are concerned with the economics of here - and - now , while the negatives of scale are mainly future environmental and social impacts .
Triple bottom lines never did have clout : there ’s only one bottom line that speaks on Capital Hill .
It is argued primarily that we must have an expanding population , in order to maintain “ labour supply ” , and to counter demographic ageing .
These are related but subtly different goals .
A third goal , not so publicly acknowledged but the driver for the largest single source of political donations , is to maintain the inflation of property values .
I do n’t intend to go into a detailed analysis of the case for each of these , as I want to focus instead on the neglected diseconomies of growth .
Suffice to say that all three goals of growth are examples of Ponzi scheme economics , not contributing significantly to the common good but rather shifting wealth from the many to the few , from the younger to the older , and from future people to current people .
Of course , when one is used to being the beneficiary of a Ponzi scheme , weaning oneself off can be an unattractive proposition .
Luckily , for most of us the impact would be more than off - set by the dividends of population stabilisation .
It turns out that the diseconomies of growth rate far outweigh the benefits .
To explain how these diseconomies work , I ’m going to use some plausible ball - park figures .
These are not precise costings - they are only illustrating a rationale by which the costing could be done .
My point is that Treasury has not done such analyses , and this omission is unleashing a disaster on Australia .
Advertisement
Let ’s start with infrastructure .
In a stable population , our infrastructure needs would include replacing worn - out facilities and modernising items whose technology or design has been superseded .
Different items of infrastructure have differing useful lifespans , but a cost - weighted average must surely be at least 50 years , once we remove growth as a reason for facilities being rendered obsolete .
That would imply the need to replace no more than 2 per cent of all infrastructure annually .
If population is growing at 2 per cent , we need to expand the capacity of our entire stock of infrastructure by 2 per cent per annum , or else we start building up an infrastructure deficit , and service access and quality declines .
That means doubling the annual requirement for creating infrastructure , compared with a stable population : 2 per cent replacement plus 2 per cent additional .
Given that the useful life of much existing infrastructure is reduced by growth outstripping its capacity , the rate of replacement must increase on top of the requirement for addition .
Based on this conservative estimate , we can see that the Howard and Rudd governments have imposed a 33 per cent or greater hike in infrastructure requirement by doubling our population growth within a decade .
No wonder local governments are squealing .
Evidently , they have not actually increased spending by that much , and this is why we are all suddenly feeling the infrastructure stress .
For details of the New Statesman 's Young Music Critic competition , click here .
One summer 's day a dozen years ago , while lecturing a class of Spanish graduates on arts criticism , I suddenly realised they had n't a clue what I was talking about .
Spain had lived under Church repression into the 20th century , and under Fascism until General Franco 's death in 1975 .
The notion of a free press was fairly recent and non-partisan arts comment was novel , in a country where art was provided by the government .
Criticism , one student said , might be construed as ingratitude .
Tearing up my notes , I spent the next three hours on my feet explaining the history and practices of criticism - from Swift and Addison in the coffee houses of London to the telegenic interpretations of Kenneth Clark , Robert Hughes and Marcel Reich - Ranicki , whose expert enthusiasms developed the critical faculties of an armchair audience : an unexpected democratisation , marvellous to behold and infinitely valuable .
Clark made it possible for a chap in a pub to appreciate Francis Bacon , and Reich - Ranicki for a hausfrau to persuade her neighbour in the butcher 's queue that Günter Grass was a more important writer than Hermann Hesse .
Kenneth Tynan and Pauline Kael added repertoire tips and quality control to their remit .
Their successors attempt to mediate between a bewildered public and the debate about conceptual art .
The role of the critic is in constant evolution , a work in progress , a creative necessity .
Yet , in 2010 , the critic is an endangered species , almost a write - off .
The onslaught of the internet on newspaper economics has ravaged arts journalism .
Across the United States , from Miami to Seattle , newspapers have slashed budgets and sacked critics , leaving the New York Times , which is similarly under siege , wielding an unhealthy near - hegemony .
In Britain , the Telegraph and the Times cut review fees to £ 40 and £ 60 , a disincentive for all but the utterly desperate and the academically tenured ( who else would write all night for the price of a cheap pair of shoes ? ) .
The mechanism for succession has gone to rust .
The average age of classical music reviewers on the nationals is over 55 ; theatre critics are not much younger .
Atrophy is setting in .
At the former incarnation of the Evening Standard eight years ago , I published four to five reviews a night , and six to seven at weekends .
No newspaper , the Standard included , maintains that level of engagement today , and as a result much of London 's glorious diversity goes unreviewed .
Ethnic and experimental arts are ignored , as are venues off the beaten track .
When did you last read about a concert in Croydon , Blackheath or Basingstoke ?
The Brighton Festival is covered , if at all , by local writers because the nationals wo n't pay train fares .
In the Midlands and the north , most newspapers have gone downmarket .
Vasily Petrenko of the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic , an orchestra in the ascendant , asked me not long ago if the Arts Council could n't subsidise the press to publish reviews .
His proposal was not altogether quixotic .
A lack of regional reviews distorts relative merit and turns the allocation of state funding into a political lottery .
Goodness , as Mae West said in another context , has nothing to do with it .
On television , the BBC has replaced genre authorities with comedians such as Rolf Harris or the gardener Alan Titchmarsh .
Alan Yentob , a time - serving executive famed for his creative indecision , has planted himself uncertainly in a main - channel slot .
ITV , the Simon Cowell channel , has abolished The South Bank Show .
Channel 4 flickers to deceive .
Talent shows , dance excepted , are judged by ignorance .
TV has abdicated its role in the arts conversation .
These depredations leave criticism in a crisis that is as insoluble as it is universal .
Only in France and Germany are critics protected and respected as before , and even in those rule - bound societies the howling of wolves can be heard at the editorial door .
If Le Monde hits the wall , there will be no Molière review with le petit déjeuner .
The critics , it is claimed , are authors of their own misfortune , having failed to move with the fast - changing times .
Many still cling to the ivory tower .
In a court date coming up in Cleveland , Ohio , the music critic Donald Rosenberg is challenging his demotion on the Plain Dealer after prolonged hostility with the music director of the Cleveland Orchestra , Franz Welser - Möst .
Many colleagues see this as a test case of critical independence , a good man sacked for his opinions .
But in a city wasted by recession , making an issue of a critic 's job security looks like angels dancing on a pinhead .
The pulpit tone of old - school critics sounds wrong in an age of instant response .
The Guardian 's critic Lyn Gardner is aware that many who sit beside her at the theatre can create a Twitter storm before she composes a sentence .
Today 's critic , she says , needs to be " part of a widening conversation that includes artists and audiences " .
Where that takes place is online , and off - media .
In Atlanta , Georgia , critics laid off by the local paper cover the city on the portal ArtsCriticATL.com .
In London , three dozen writers have sunk their savings into theartsdesk.com .
Its founder , the ex-Telegraph dance critic Ismene Brown , argues that the arts cannot survive without " the impassioned debate that springs up in the immediate aftermath of a new production or show " .
She would like readers to respond to the reviews , but few are taking her up on this so far .
Easy to navigate and chaired by the former Barbican chief John Tusa , theartsdesk.com has 2,000 readers a day and expects four times as many by the end of the year .
Aimed at anyone with an urgent going - out need , the site offers quick and useful consumer guidance .
But the ground it covers is the central metropolitan agenda dictated by the national press .
It adds little by way of diversity , grass roots , regional spread , or international perspective .
For the offbeat stuff you have to go to sites such as electricsheepmagazine .co.uk .
Run by a print magazine , Electric Sheep , it reviews fringe and art - house films that seldom get space in the broadsheet newspapers .
The writing is confident and well - informed and the scope encompasses everywhere from Spain to South Korea .
I was excited to read about a Mexican new - wave gem , I 'm Gonna Explode ( also reviewed in the NS by Ryan Gilbey ) and to catch up on the latest film noir .
Unlike mainstream film sites such as rottentomatoes.com , electricsheepmagazine .co.uk avoids industry chit - chat and cheap abuse .
It writes about film for people who like film : a classic approach .
Every art form now has a niche website .
There 's ballet .co.uk and theatremonkey.com , artforum.com and classical.net , to name but one for each sector .
Some are sleek as a Gucci shop window , others nerdish and introspective .
Often , the reader has no idea whether the critic can be trusted .
One record - review loudmouth is an estate agent by day .
He may well be no less committed to truth and beauty than a biblical calligrapher , but it is hard to avoid the suspicion that , without roots in the critical tradition , web reviewers are blowing with whatever wind offers the best freebies .
Instead of an organised transition from print to web , what we have is a primordial chaos in which readers hardly know whom to believe .
If an overpaid presenter , a Jonathan Ross , raves about a film on the telly , what assurance do we have that he wrote the words and , indeed , holds these views for longer than it takes to mouth them off the autocue ?
Nor is the print press in much better shape .
The Times has recently replaced its veteran theatre critic , Benedict Nightingale , with a celebrity columnist ( Libby Purves ) and filled its film slot with a general features writer .
The critical incubator has thus been decommissioned and trust in criticism has fallen to an all - time low , lower even than the Irish poet Brendan Behan 's glib dismissal : " Critics are like eunuchs in a harem ; they know how it 's done , they 've seen it done every day , but they 're unable to do it themselves . "
But the world needs good critics more now than ever before if it is not to be given a frontal lobotomy by multinational blandness .
Cities without critics will vanish off the cultural radar at the very recessional moment when what they most need is to spark a creative impulse .
Nations without critics will fall into the demagogic grip of profiteers such as Cowell and the book - club queen Amanda Ross - unlicensed entertainers whose chief concern is the cheap laugh .
For Ross , all books are just books .
For a writer , each book is a world unto itself .
Without critics to engage with the unknown , those worlds will be lost and the collective intelligence impoverished .
The unholy alliance of Andrew Lloyd Webber and the BBC in the Pop Idol - style casting of low - risk theatrical revivals is a glimpse , a peek through the poisoned keyhole , into what a future without critics might resemble .
That future is drawing ever closer .
How can we rescue criticism from the brink of extinction ?
Some of the best minds in the arts are turning over that question without , at present , much by way of a solution .
My feeling is that we have to start from small beginnings , training a new generation of critics in the traditional method and hoping that they will show the resourcefulness to achieve continuity .
The New Statesman 's search for a young music critic will be widely supported - and not only in this country , as the arts are a global business , but one that , unlike the banks , will never be too big to fail .
The critic of tomorrow will probably tweet a first review in the interval and submit a voice file from the top deck of the homeward - bound bus .
The tempo has quickened and the technology has got slicker , but the imperative of bearing independent witness to the arts is unchanged .
When the last critic signs off , it will be curtains for civilisation .
Norman Lebrecht , a Whitbread - winning novelist , was assistant editor of the London Evening Standard from 2002 to 2009 .
His next book , " Why Mahler ? " , will be published by Faber & Faber in July .
Mention anything about ecosystem services – those ecological functions arising from the interactions between species that provide some benefit ( source of food / clean water , health , etc. ) to humanity1 – and one of the most cited examples is pollination .
It ’s really a no - brainer , hence its popularity as an example .
Pollinators ( mainly insects , but birds , bats and other assorted species too ) do n’t exist to pollinate plants ; rather , their principal source of food acquisition happens to spread around the gametes of the plants they regularly visit .
Evolution has favoured the dependence of species in such ways because the mutualism benefits all involved , and in some cases , this dependence has become obligate .
So when the habitats that pollinators need to survive are reduced or destroyed , inevitably their population sizes decline and the plants on which they feed lose their main sources of gene - spreading .
So what ?
Well , about 80 % of all wild plant species require insect pollinators for fruit and seed set , and about 75 % of all human crops require pollination by insects ( mostly bees ) .
So it ’s pretty frightening to consider that although our global population is at 6.8 billion and growing rapidly , our main food pollinators ( bees ) are declining globally ( see also previous post on bee declines ) .
Indeed , domestic honey bee stocks have declined in the USA by 59 % since 1947 and in Europe by 25 % since 1985 .
Scared yet ?
Another thing people do n’t tend to get is that a bee cannot live on rapeseed alone .
Most pollinators require intact forests to complete many of their other life history requirements ( breeding , shelter , etc. ) and merely forage occasionally in crop lands .
Cut down all the adjacent bush , and your crops will suffer accordingly .
These , and other titbits to keep you awake at night and worry about what your grandchildren might eat are highlighted in a recent review in Trends in Ecology and Evolution by Potts and colleagues entitled Global pollinator declines : trends , impacts and drivers .
What ’s driving all this loss ?
Several things , but it ’s mainly due to ‘ land - use change ’ ( a bullshit word people use generally to mean habitat loss , fragmentation and degradation ) .
However , invasive species competition , pathogens and parasites , and climate change ( and the synergies amongst all of these ) are all contributing .
It always amazes me when people ask me why biodiversity is important .
Despite the overwhelming knowledge we ’ve accumulated about how functioning ecosystems make the planet liveable , despite it just being plainly stupid to think that humans are somehow removed from normal biological processes , and even with such in - your - face examples of global pollinator declines and the real , extremely worrying implication for food supplies , many people just do n’t seem to get it .
Every tree you cut down , every molecule of carbon dioxide you release , every drop of water you waste will punish you and your family directly for generations to come .
How much more self - evident can you get ?
Humanity seems to have a very poorly developed sense of self - preservation .
CJA Bradshaw
1 It ’s amazingly arrogant and anthropocentric to think of anything in ecosystems as ‘ providing benefits to humanity ’ .
After all , we ’re just another species in a complex array of species within ecosystems – we just happen to be one of the numerically dominant ones , excel at ecosystem ‘ engineering ’ and as far as we know , are the only ( semi - ) sentient of the biologicals .
Although the concept of ecosystem services is , I think , an essential abstraction to place emphasis on the importance of biodiversity conservation to the biodiversity ignorant , it does rub me a little the wrong way .
It ’s almost ascribing some sort of illogical religious perspective that the Earth was placed in its current form for our eventual benefit .
We might be a fairly new species in geological time scales , but do n’t think of ecosystems as mere provisions for our well - being .
Potts , S. , Biesmeijer , J. , Kremen , C. , Neumann , P. , Schweiger , O. , & Kunin , W. ( 2010 ) .
Global pollinator declines : trends , impacts and drivers Trends in Ecology & Evolution DOI : 10.1016/j.tree.2010.01.007
Jig.jp has released an Android application that combined RSS feeds , social networking and web - browsing all into one neat little application .
The jig browser has had over 4 million downloads and these numbers do not include the US or Europe .
This app is still in beta and there has been a few complaints which I am sure the makers are aware of and trying to fix .
The Market description reads :
“ SPIDERSS combines a powerful RSS reader with a browser , making it fast and easy to access your favorite news and updates from your Social Networks , all in one place .
With the Application deck , SPIDERSS receives all the usual RSS feeds plus the updates from the major Social Network websites . ”
Try it out and see how you like it .
How does it compare to Dolphin , Steel or even the stock browser ?
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q54yvwIp3E&feature=player_embedded[/youtube] [ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hvwfRdSPak&feature=player_embedded[/youtube]
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Thousands of homeless people are being forced off the streets of South Africa to hide the scale of poverty there from World Cup fans .
More than 800 tramps , beggars and street children have already been removed from Johannesburg and sent to remote settlements hundreds of miles away .
And in Cape Town , where England face Algeria on June 18 , up to 300 have been moved to Blikkiesdorp camp where 1,450 families are crammed in a settlement of tin huts designed for just 650 people .
Johannesburg councillor Sipho Masigo was unrepentant .
" Homelessness and begging are big problems in the city , " he said .
" You have to clean your house before you have guests .
There is nothing wrong with that .
" The numbers of homeless are in the hundreds , leading up to thousands . "
Other host cities - like Rustenburg where England kick off their campaign against the USA on June 12 - are believed to be drawing up similar plans to move homeless people away from tourist areas near town centres and stadiums .
South Africans are desperate to cast their country in a positive light despite soaring crime , drug use and the HIV crisis .
Campaigners have slammed the removals policy as a sham and a temporary solution .
Bill Rogers , who works with the homeless in Johannesburg , said : " Rather than help people permanently , the government 's obvious intention is to release them back on the streets after the World Cup . "
Warren Whitfield , of homeless charity Addiction Action , added : " It 's a cosmetic fix to create an impression of South Africa for football fans which is not real .
" We have huge problems with homelessness and that is what the world should see . "
Top Guns ' guard on the teams ENGLAND'S football stars will be escorted by two fighter jets every time they fly during the World Cup .
Defence chiefs in South Africa have drawn up the plan to protect Fabio Capello 's squad from terror atrocities .
The 31 other competing nations will also be protected by the same airborne " ring of steel " amid fears extremists could target high - profile players as they fly between matches .
A source said : " FIFA and the South Africans are taking no chances with the security . "
There are some things in this world that everyone is an expert on .
Politics is one , education is another .
The federal government , out of humility or perhaps popularism , is inviting opinion on what should be taught in Australian schools .
Details of the draft K - 10 Australian curriculum in English , mathematics , science and history , were posted yesterday at www.australiancurriculum.edu.au.
Already there has been much discussion at the professional level , with a general '' thumbs up ' ' being given to the draft curriculum by most of the relevant teacher associations .
We need a national curriculum .
It is absurd for a country of 22 million people to have nine different curriculums .
Some 80,000 children move interstate each year , and the level of disconnection they have to experience , in this increasingly mobile age , is unacceptable .
Even so , there will be a resigned weariness among many teachers in having to accommodate yet more curriculum change .
The capacity for educational bureaucrats to justify their existence by fiddling with what should be taught in schools is legendary .
The cynicism engendered from yet another breathless pronouncement of educational reform is understandable .
However , this time it is reasonable to hope that introducing a national curriculum will serve to stimulate teachers with new challenges and enrich them with useful professional development experiences .
In short , I think this initiative deserves to be taken seriously .
The national curriculum aims to cover less material but in greater depth .
This will be welcome news to many teachers now engaged in frantic topic - hopping as they seek to cover the wide breadth of material in the existing curriculum .
We need to study less in order to learn more .
Scientists at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) , a 2.4 - mile - circumference particle accelerator at the U.S. Department of Energy 's Brookhaven National Laboratory , report the first hints of profound symmetry transformations in the hot soup of quarks , antiquarks , and gluons produced in RHIC 's most energetic collisions .
In particular , the new results , reported in the journal Physical Review Letters , suggest that " bubbles " formed within this hot soup may internally disobey the so - called " mirror symmetry " that normally characterizes the interactions of quarks and gluons .
" RHIC 's collisions of heavy nuclei at nearly light speed are designed to re-create , on a tiny scale , the conditions of the early universe .
These new results thus suggest that RHIC may have a unique opportunity to test in the laboratory some crucial features of symmetry - altering bubbles speculated to have played important roles in the evolution of the infant universe , " said Steven Vigdor , Brookhaven 's Associate Laboratory Director for Nuclear and Particle Physics , who oversees research at RHIC .
Physicists have predicted an increasing probability of finding such bubbles , or local regions , of " broken " symmetry at extreme temperatures near transitions from one phase of matter to another .
According to the predictions , the matter inside these bubbles would exhibit different symmetries -- or behavior under certain simple transformations of space , time , and particle types -- than the surrounding matter .
In addition to the symmetry violations probed at RHIC , scientists have postulated that analogous symmetry - altering bubbles created at an even earlier time in the universe helped to establish the preference for matter over antimatter in our world .
RHIC 's most energetic collisions create the kind of extreme conditions that might be just right for producing such local regions of altered symmetry : A temperature of several trillion degrees Celsius , or about 250,000 times hotter than the center of the Sun , and a transition to a new phase of nuclear matter known as quark - gluon plasma .
Furthermore , as the colliding nuclei pass near each other , they produce an ultra-strong magnetic field that facilitates detecting effects of the altered symmetry .
Now , early data from RHIC 's STAR detector hint at a violation in what is known as mirror symmetry , or parity .
This rule of symmetry suggests that events should occur in exactly the same way whether seen directly or in a mirror , with no directional dependence .
But STAR has observed an asymmetric charge separation in particles emerging from all but the most head - on collisions at RHIC :
The observations suggest that positively charged quarks may prefer to emerge parallel to the magnetic field in a given collision event , while negatively charged quarks prefer to emerge in the opposite direction .
Because this preference would appear reversed if the situation were reflected through a mirror , it appears to violate mirror symmetry .
" In all previous studies of systems governed by the strong force among quarks and gluons , it has been found to very high precision that events and their mirror reflections occur at exactly the same rate , with no directional dependence , " Vigdor said .
" So this observation at STAR is truly intriguing . "
At RHIC , the parity - violating bubbles are formed in a random way , possibly with oppositely oriented charge separation in bubbles at different locations .
Averaged over many events there would appear to be no parity violation , even though there were violations locally in each event .
Although allowed by quantum chromodynamics ( QCD ) , the underlying theory that describes the strong nuclear force , such local strong parity violation has never been detected directly .
advertisement
" The key to observing the effect in high - energy nuclear collisions is to study correlations among the particles emerging from the collision , " said Nu Xu of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , the spokesperson for the STAR collaboration .
The theory suggests that particles with the same sign of electric charge should tend to be emitted from such local parity - violating regions in the same direction , either both parallel , or both anti-parallel , to the magnetic field arising in the collision , whereas unlike - sign particles should be emitted in opposite directions .
" We have observed a correlation among emitted charged particles of the predicted type , with the degree of directional preference increasing as the collisions vary from head - on to more grazing , " Xu said .
STAR data also suggest the local breaking of another form of symmetry , known as charge - parity , or CP , invariance .
According to this fundamental physics principle , when energy is converted to mass or vice - versa according to Einstein 's famous E=mc2 equation , equal numbers of particles and oppositely charged antiparticles must be created or annihilated .
If CP symmetry had not been broken at some very early time in the evolution of our universe , the particles and antiparticles created in equal numbers in the Big Bang would subsequently have annihilated one another in pairs , leaving no matter to form the stars , planets , and people that now populate our world .
While some small violations of CP symmetry have been found in previous laboratory experiments , those violations are far too weak to account for the amount of matter remaining in the universe today .
Likewise , the signs of possible local CP violation at STAR cannot explain the global predominance of matter in today 's world , but they may offer insight into how such symmetry violations occur .
advertisement
" The features observed at STAR are qualitatively consistent with predictions of symmetry - breaking domains in hot quark matter , " said Vigdor .
" Confirmation of this effect and understanding how these domains of broken symmetry form at RHIC may help scientists understand some of the most fundamental puzzles of the universe , and will be a subject of intense study in future RHIC experiments . "
" For example , " he said , " we will want to see if the signal disappears , as predicted , at lower collision energies , where the produced matter is no longer hot enough to make the transition to the quark - gluon plasma phase .
These future studies will further check the early work , will test more mundane possible explanations for the observed effects , and will explore a wide range of related phenomena . "
Research at RHIC is funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Science and by various national and international collaborating institutions .
Video .
Neuroscience For Kids
The Eye
Humans are very visual animals ... we use our sense of sight to interpret much of the world around us .
What we see is called " light . "
However , what we see is really only a small part of the entire " electromagnetic spectrum . "
Humans can see only the wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation between about 380 and 760 nanometers ... this is light .
Our eyes do not have detectors for wavelengths of energy less than 380 or greater than 760 nanometers , so we cannot " see " other types of energy such as gamma or radio waves .
Rattlesnakes , however , can detect electromagnetic radiation in the infrared range and use this ability to find prey .
Electromagnetic Spectrum
Vision
First , some specifics about the eye : the human eye is about 2.5 cm in length and weighs about 7 grams .
Light passes through the cornea , pupil and lens before hitting the retina .
The iris is a muscle that controls the size of the pupil and therefore , the amount of light that enters the eye .
Also , the color of your eyes is determined by the iris .
The vitreous or vitreous humor is a clear gel that provides constant pressure to maintain the shape of the eye .
The retina is the area of the eye that contains the receptors ( rods and cones ) that respond to light .
The receptors respond to light by generating electrical impulses that travel out of the eye through the optic nerve to the brain .
Six bands of muscles attach to the eyeball to control the ability of the eye to look up and down and side to side .
These muscles are controlled by three cranial nerves .
Four of the muscles are controlled by the oculomotor nerve ( cranial nerve III ) , one muscle is controlled by the trochlear nerve ( cranial nerve IV ) and one muscle is controlled by the abducens nerve ( cranial nerve VI . )
Parts of the Eye
Aqueous Humor : Clear , watery fluid found in the anterior chamber of the eye .
Choroid : Layer of blood vessels that nourish the eye ; also , because of the high melanocytes content , the choroid acts as a light - absorbing layer .
Cornea : Transparent tissue covering the front of the eye .
Does not have any blood vessels ; does have nerves .
Iris : Circular band of muscles that controls the size of the pupil .
The pigmentation of the iris gives " color " to the eye .
Blue eyes have the least amount of pigment ; brown eyes have the most .
Lens : Transparent tissue that bends light passing through the eye .
To focus light , the lens can change shape by bending .
Pupil :
Hole in the center of the eye where light passes through .
Retina : Layer of tissue on the back portion of the eye that contains cells responsive to light ( photoreceptors ) .
Rods : Photoreceptors responsive in low light conditions .
Cones : Photoreceptors responsive to color and in bright conditions .
Sclera : Protect coating around the posterior five - sixths of the eyeball .
Vitreous Humor : Clear , jelly - like fluid found in the back portion of the eye .
Maintains shape of the eye .
Learn More !
Did you know ?
15 million people in the United States have serious vision problems ; over 500,000 people in the US are blind .
Eye injuries account for 4 % of the cases of blindness .
Read more about eye safety .
The word " pupil " comes from the Latin word " pupa " that means " doll . "
The use of the word pupil for the center of the eye may have come from the observation that if you look into the eye of another person , a small version of yourself ( a " doll " ) is reflected back .
What causes " red eye " when you take a flash photograph ?
The choroid is a layer of tissue at the back of the eye that contains a large number of blood vessels .
" Red eye " usually happens when a flash photograph is taken in dim light .
In dim light , the pupil is dilated and allows plenty of light to enter the eye .
" Red eye " is caused when the choroid reflects the light of the flash .
The pupil does not constrict fast enough to reduce the entering light and the flash light reflects back out of the eye and is recorded on film .
Some cameras use red eye reduction methods : a short burst of light is emitted before the film is exposed .
The brief burst of light allows the pupil to constrict and thus reduces " red eye .
Copyright © 1996 - 2016 , Eric H. Chudler All Rights Reserved .
In a bizarre , Soviet - style move , the White House has threatened to veto the intelligence budget unless everyone accepts the FBI frame up of Dr. Bruce Ivins .
As Bloomberg writes :
President Barack Obama probably would veto legislation authorizing the next budget for U.S. intelligence agencies if it calls for a new investigation into the 2001 anthrax attacks , an administration official said .
A proposed probe by the intelligence agencies ' inspector general " would undermine public confidence " in an FBI probe of the attacks " and unfairly cast doubt on its conclusions , " Peter Orszag , director of the Office of Management and Budget , wrote in a letter to leaders of the House and Senate Intelligence committees .
Given that an FBI investigation into a specific crime has nothing to do with the budget or any of OMB ’s other core responsibilities , it seems that Orszag simply drew the short straw for this little assignment .
As I wrote Thursday :
The FBI says that the anthrax case is closed , and that they have proved that Dr. Bruce Ivins did it .
But Congress is not convinced .
On March 3 , 2010 , Representative Holt called for a new investigation :
Last week , [ Congressman Holt ] succeeded in including language in the 2010 Intelligence Authorization Bill that would require the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community to examine the possibility of a foreign connection to the 2001 anthrax attacks .
" The American people need credible answers to all of these and many other questions .
Only a comprehensive investigation -- either by the Congress , or through the independent commission I 've proposed in the Anthrax Attacks Investigation Act ( H.R. 1248 ) - - can give us those answers , " Holt said in a letter to the Chairmen of the House Committees on Homeland Security , Judiciary , Intelligence , and Oversight and Government Reform .
[ Here 's the letter . ]
Dear Chairmen Thompson , Conyers , Reyes , and Towns ,
I am writing to ask that your committees , either individually or jointly , conduct a probing investigation of our government 's handling of what has been known as the " Amerithrax " investigation .
As you are aware , last week the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced it was formally closing its investigation into the 2001 anthrax letter attacks , commonly known as the " Amerithrax " investigation .
The Bureau has maintained since his suicide in 2008 that the late Dr. Bruce Ivins was their principal suspect in the attacks , a conclusion reaffirmed by the FBI when it closed the case last week -- despite the fact that the FBI 's entire case against Ivins is circumstantial , and that the science used in the case is still being independently evaluated .
To date , there has been no comprehensive examination of the FBI 's conduct in this investigation , and a number of important questions remain unanswered .
We do n't know why the FBI jumped so quickly to the conclusion that the source of the material used in the attacks could only have come from a domestic lab , in this case , Ft. Dietrick .
We do n't know why they focused for so long , so intently , and so mistakenly on Dr. Hatfill .
We do n't know whether the FBI 's assertions about Dr. Ivins ' activities and behavior are accurate .
We do n't know if the FBI 's explanation for the presence of silica in the anthrax spores is truly scientifically valid .
We do n't know whether scientists at other government and private labs who assisted the FBI in the investigation actually concur with the FBI 's investigative findings and conclusions .
We do n't know whether the FBI , the Department of Homeland Security , the Department of Health and Human Services , and the U.S. Postal Service have learned the right lessons from these attacks and have implemented measures to prevent or mitigate future such bioterror attacks .
The American people need credible answers to all of these and many other questions .
Only a comprehensive investigation -- either by the Congress , or through the independent commission I 've proposed in the Anthrax Attacks Investigation Act ( H.R. 1248 ) - - can give us those answers .
As you may know , my interest in this matter is both professional and personal .
The attacks originated from a postal box in my Central New Jersey congressional district and they disrupted the lives and livelihood of my constituents .
For months , Central New Jersey residents lived in fear of a future attack and the possibility of receiving cross -contaminated mail .
Mail service was delayed and businesses in my district lost millions .
Further , my own Congressional office in Washington , D.C. was shut down after it was found to be contaminated with anthrax .
Given its track record in this investigation , I believe it is essential that the Congress not simply accept the FBI 's assertions about Dr. Ivins alleged guilt .
Accordingly , I ask that your committees investigate our government 's handling of the attacks , the subsequent investigation , and any lessons learned and changes in policies and procedures implemented in the wake of the attacks .
The next day , Representative Jerrold Nadler – Chair of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights and Civil Liberties – joined in Holt ’s call for a new investigation :
Despite the FBI 's assertion that the case of the anthrax attacks is closed , there are still many troubling questions .
For example , in a 2008 Judiciary Committee hearing , I asked FBI Director Robert Mueller whether Bruce Ivins was capable of producing the weaponized anthrax that was used in the attacks .
To this day , it is still far from clear that Mr. Ivins had either the know - how or access to the equipment needed to produce the material .
Because the FBI has not sufficiently answered such questions , I join Congressman Holt in urging an independent investigation of the case .
Maryland Republican Congressman Roscoe Bartlett and other congressmen have also joined in the call for a new investigation .
In fact , the only airtight case is against the FBI .
For more on the anthrax attacks , see this .
IMAGINE you are one half of a young couple expecting your first child in a fast - growing , poor country .
You are part of the new middle class ; your income is rising ; you want a small family .
But traditional mores hold sway around you , most important in the preference for sons over daughters .
Perhaps hard physical labour is still needed for the family to make its living .
Perhaps only sons may inherit land .
Perhaps a daughter is deemed to join another family on marriage and you want someone to care for you when you are old .
Perhaps she needs a dowry .
Now imagine that you have had an ultrasound scan ; it costs $ 12 , but you can afford that .
The scan says the unborn child is a girl .
You yourself would prefer a boy ; the rest of your family clamours for one .
You would never dream of killing a baby daughter , as they do out in the villages .
But an abortion seems different .
What do you do ?
For millions of couples , the answer is : abort the daughter , try for a son .
In China and northern India more than 120 boys are being born for every 100 girls .
Nature dictates that slightly more males are born than females to offset boys ' greater susceptibility to infant disease .
But nothing on this scale .
For those who oppose abortion , this is mass murder .
For those such as this newspaper , who think abortion should be “ safe , legal and rare ” ( to use Bill Clinton 's phrase ) , a lot depends on the circumstances , but the cumulative consequence for societies of such individual actions is catastrophic .
China alone stands to have as many unmarried young men — “ bare branches ” , as they are known — as the entire population of young men in America .
In any country rootless young males spell trouble ; in Asian societies , where marriage and children are the recognised routes into society , single men are almost like outlaws .
Crime rates , bride trafficking , sexual violence , even female suicide rates are all rising and will rise further as the lopsided generations reach their maturity ( see article ) .
It is no exaggeration to call this gendercide .
Women are missing in their millions — aborted , killed , neglected to death .
In 1990 an Indian economist , Amartya Sen , put the number at 100 m ; the toll is higher now .
The crumb of comfort is that countries can mitigate the hurt , and that one , South Korea , has shown the worst can be avoided .
Others need to learn from it if they are to stop the carnage .
The dearth and death of little sisters
Most people know China and northern India have unnaturally large numbers of boys .
But few appreciate how bad the problem is , or that it is rising .
In China the imbalance between the sexes was 108 boys to 100 girls for the generation born in the late 1980s ; for the generation of the early 2000s , it was 124 to 100 .
In some Chinese provinces the ratio is an unprecedented 130 to 100 .
The destruction is worst in China but has spread far beyond .
Other East Asian countries , including Taiwan and Singapore , former communist states in the western Balkans and the Caucasus , and even sections of America 's population ( Chinese - and Japanese - Americans , for example ) : all these have distorted sex ratios .
Gendercide exists on almost every continent .
It affects rich and poor ; educated and illiterate ; Hindu , Muslim , Confucian and Christian alike .
Wealth does not stop it .
Taiwan and Singapore have open , rich economies .
Within China and India the areas with the worst sex ratios are the richest , best - educated ones .
And China 's one - child policy can only be part of the problem , given that so many other countries are affected .
In fact the destruction of baby girls is a product of three forces : the ancient preference for sons ; a modern desire for smaller families ; and ultrasound scanning and other technologies that identify the sex of a fetus .
In societies where four or six children were common , a boy would almost certainly come along eventually ; son preference did not need to exist at the expense of daughters .
But now couples want two children — or , as in China , are allowed only one — they will sacrifice unborn daughters to their pursuit of a son .
That is why sex ratios are most distorted in the modern , open parts of China and India .
It is also why ratios are more skewed after the first child : parents may accept a daughter first time round but will do anything to ensure their next — and probably last — child is a boy .
The boy - girl ratio is above 200 for a third child in some places .
How to stop half the sky crashing down
Baby girls are thus victims of a malign combination of ancient prejudice and modern preferences for small families .
Only one country has managed to change this pattern .
In the 1990s South Korea had a sex ratio almost as skewed as China's .
Now , it is heading towards normality .
It has achieved this not deliberately , but because the culture changed .
Female education , anti-discrimination suits and equal - rights rulings made son preference seem old - fashioned and unnecessary .
The forces of modernity first exacerbated prejudice — then overwhelmed it .
But this happened when South Korea was rich .
If China or India — with incomes one - quarter and one - tenth Korea 's levels — wait until they are as wealthy , many generations will pass .
To speed up change , they need to take actions that are in their own interests anyway .
Most obviously China should scrap the one - child policy .
The country 's leaders will resist this because they fear population growth ; they also dismiss Western concerns about human rights .
But the one - child limit is no longer needed to reduce fertility ( if it ever was : other East Asian countries reduced the pressure on the population as much as China ) .
And it massively distorts the country 's sex ratio , with devastating results .
President Hu Jintao says that creating “ a harmonious society ” is his guiding principle ; it cannot be achieved while a policy so profoundly perverts family life .
And all countries need to raise the value of girls .
They should encourage female education ; abolish laws and customs that prevent daughters inheriting property ; make examples of hospitals and clinics with impossible sex ratios ; get women engaged in public life — using everything from television newsreaders to women traffic police .
Mao Zedong said “ women hold up half the sky . ”
The world needs to do more to prevent a gendercide that will have the sky crashing down .
For being caught with just over a quarter pound of pot , 54 - year - old Henry Walter Wooten will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars , thanks to a jury in Tyler , Texas .
His prosecutor , Smith County Assistant District Attorney Richard Vance , originally sought a sentence of 99 years over the 4.6 ounces of marijuana police found in Wooten ’s vehicle , according to published reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Wooten was reportedly caught smoking pot within 1,000 feet of a day care center , within the radius of a so - called “ drug free zone . ”
Tipped off by the smell , police would later search the man ’s vehicle , only to discover his cannabis stash and a digital scale , according to The Tyler Morning Telegraph .
Wooten , who was convicted of two felonies in the 1980s , was also accused of marijuana possession in a drug free zone in 2008 , the paper noted .
Drug free zones , or perimeters around schools , playgrounds , churches and other selected institutions or organizations , mandate significantly stronger penalties for anyone caught with illegal substances on the wrong side of the boundary .
They were passed in the 1980s amid a surge in the popularity of “ crack ” cocaine , which the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency was later found to have aided the distribution of .
The Justice Policy Institute , a Washington - based thinktank , reported in 2006 that drug free zones have done little to enhance public health or safety and have instead disproportionately targeted minorities , according to the Associated Press .
“ We just hope [ Texas Department of Criminal Justice ] can free up room for this menace to society ; maybe the state can release a child molester or serial arsonist to find a cell for Wooten , ” Houston Press scoffed in a Friday blog post .
“ The fact is that most of you who are reading this article will probably believe that sentencing a person to prison for 35 years for the possession of a non -toxic , non-addicting , all natural substance that has proven anti-cancer capabilities is not really protecting society from anything dangerous , ” opined a post on the Texas NORML forum .
“ He might have been stupid choosing his location to medicate , after all , it was Tyler , ‘ Texas ’ , but nobody should spend a day in a steel cage for medicating , much less their entire life or 35 years . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Wooten ’s sentence is identical to the punishment dealt to Alejandro Arreola , who was given 35 years in jail by a jury in Del Rio , Texas for his involvement in a multimillion dollar marijuana smuggling ring .
Arreola , according to reports , transported over 24 tons of the stuff into the United States .
His accomplice , Casey Bob Hutto , got 24 years .
The U.S. State Department claimed earlier in March that Mexican marijuana cultivation escalated some 35 percent in 2009 , while the Mexican military ’s interdiction efforts decreased in the face of more dangerous substances like methamphetamine .
Houston and the surrounding areas are well - known drug trafficking zones for the Mexican marijuana cartels and a significant portion of marijuana consumed in the state can be traced south of the border .
CORRECTION : The closest major metropolitan area to Tyler is Dallas / Fort Worth , not Houston .
Modified from an original version .
Just over a year ago , Bob Simon at CBS ’s 60 Minutes did a piece that implicitly challenged the credibility of President Obama ’s early push to revive the Middle East peace process .
Simon noted the swiftness with which the new president had taken up the issue , but then went on to show the stark realities of segregated life in the occupied West Bank .
For anyone paying attention to the issues , there were no revelations in the 60 Minutes segment , yet the fact that it aired on prime - time network television and right at the moment the Obama administration was being viewed by so many with such a giddy sense of hope , showed Simon ’s seriousness as a journalist .
Nothing that has happened in the intervening months has cast an iota of doubt on the perspective he presented .
Haaretz reports :
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Tuesday that Israel would never agree to withdraw from the Jordan Valley under any peace agreement signed with the Palestinians .
Netanyahu told the Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that the Jordan Valley ’s strategic importance along the eastern border of the West Bank made it impossible for Israel to withdraw , according to a meeting participant .
Salman Masalha points out that Israel ’s apartheid nature is not confined to the physical separation it has created between Jewish settlers and Palestinians but is also intrinsic to the structure , operation and identity of the Jewish state :
The alienation between Arabs and Jews can be seen everywhere .
It has not arisen solely in the context of the national conflict , but is rather a result of an establishment policy which has expropriated Arabs ’ lands to build communities “ for Jews only ” and has pushed the Arab inhabitants into localities under an “ ethno - Zionist siege ” on all sides .
The Israel Police , which is responsible for maintaining public law and order , provides the most blatant evidence that the Israeli regime behaves as if it is a foreign regime .
It abandons the Arab localities to the rule of criminal gangs , intervening only when concern arises that the crime might spill over into Jewish locales .
The Arab alienation from the police – a symbol of the regime – is apparent , among other things , in the absence of Arabic writing on police vehicles .
How does an Arab citizen feel about a police force that appears in his community , but does not include any writing in his language ?
Does this not symbolize , more than anything else , that the police represent an occupation regime , a foreign regime ?
How would the inhabitant of some Jewish locale feel if there were no writing in Hebrew on police vehicles , but only a foreign language ?
The alienation is also evident with regard to the central government .
This is the only democratic country in the world where one - fifth of the citizens – who are declared to have equal rights , at least on paper – have no representation in the government or in “ provisional and permanent institutions . ”
And this is the case even before we start talking about budgetary allocations , master plans , the building of cities and communities , education , culture , industrialization and more .
Chas Freeman writes :
Impolitic as it is to mention this , in rejecting the analogy with apartheid in South Africa , the Washington Post ’s Richard Cohen is not only denying realities on the ground in Palestine but also the principal and most awkward difference between the two cases .
South Africa ’s whites did not have a dedicated cadre of coreligionists or ethnic kin abroad who labored to protect them from the consequences of their deviance from the norms of humane behavior as defined by Western civilization at large .
Nor , despite open sympathy for South African whites in the American South and among ardent anti-Communists , did apartheid enjoy international ideological support outside the neo -Nazi fringe .
Israel ’s policies are supported morally , politically , and financially by large Jewish communities and a vocal minority of Christians abroad , especially in North America , which is where global power remains concentrated .
Without that support and those subsidies , Israel manifestly could not act as it does .
The dependence of South Africa on external factors was far less direct or clear .
These differences between South Africa and Israel seem to me to be crucial both morally and politically .
Cohen is clearly in denial not only about the realities of the Israel - Palestine situation but more importantly about the moral question raised by his support and that of so many other Jews who identify with Israel not just for the existence of Israel but for whatever it does : is Israeli pseudo - apartheid entitled to and does it enjoy the approval and support of world Jewry regardless of how inhumane it is to others ?
If the answer to either question is yes , it follows that the Jewish Diaspora and its Christian camp followers are as responsible as Israel itself for the Jewish state ’s increasingly blatant racist outrages against Palestinians and other Arabs .
Jesse Rosenfeld writes :
Healthy or hearty , we have a selection of fresh and flavorful options .
Everything from avocado toast to our signature breakfast sandwich or your favorite Starbucks coffee , we have what you need to wake up .
Britain has secured the removal of 30 Facebook pages used by prisoners after reports they were being used to taunt victims .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw told the BBC that he approached the social networking site three weeks ago to address the issue and asked that the pages be removed within 48 hours .
" We 've made requests for the removal of 30 sites and they 've responded to do that positively , with no single refusal , " he said .
Mr Straw was talking after meeting families who claimed their loved ones ' killers were taunting them via the internet .
A man who murdered a 16 - year - old boy in London reportedly wrote on Facebook that he was " down but not out " and added that he wanted a remote control so he could " mute or delete people when I need to " .
On another page , a prisoner boasted that he would be home one day " and I ca n't wait to look into certain people 's eyes and see the fear of me being there " .
" We will continue to work with Facebook to ensure such material is removed whenever we find it or whenever it is drawn to our attention , " a ministry of justice spokesman said .
" We recognise it is deeply distressing for victims and their families and friends and we have made it clear to Facebook that we do not think it acceptable or appropriate for such profiles to remain active , something Facebook agrees with . "
Last month , an on - the - run British convict who tormented police on Facebook for four months was sentenced to extra time behind bars .
Craig " Lazie " Lynch , who was serving seven years for aggravated burglary , escaped in September and posted a string of defiant status updates and pictures on Facebook before being recaptured .
- AFP
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The Independent newspapers ushered in a new chapter in their history today when they were sold to Russian billionaire and former KGB agent Alexander Lebedev .
Lebedev , who bought the London Evening Standard last year , has bought the Independent and Independent on Sunday for £ 1 from Irish publisher Independent News & Media .
INM will also pay Independent Print Limited , the company set up by Lebedev to publish the titles , £ 9.25 m over the next 10 months .
In exchange , IPL will assume " all future trading liabilities and obligations " .
Lebedev said the acquisition by IPL , which is expected to be completed in May , would safeguard the Independent titles ' future .
Ledebev 's son , Evgeny , is to be chairman of IPL .
Lebedev will be a director .
INM confirmed that the Independent titles and Independent .co.uk lost £ 12.4 m in 2009 .
A small cheer is understood to have rippled around the Independent newsroom in Kensington when the news was announced .
The remaining stumbling blocks to a deal have been removed .
They included the Independent 's deal with Daily Mail & General Trust to be based at its Derry Street HQ off Kensington High Street , where it has been based since last year , and INM 's contract with Daily Mirror owner Trinity Mirror to print the titles .
A new five - year printing contract has been signed with Trinity Mirror , which has agreed to waive " significant " payments it was entitled to in the event of the previous contract being ripped up .
The original printing contract with Trinity Mirror was for 12 years and it had 10 years still to run .
The Daily Mirror owner could have argued that the contract
had been broken and demanded compensation from the INM , but chose not to do so .
The annual value of the contract remains the same .
Dublin - based INM will continue to print some of Trinity Mirror 's titles in Northern Ireland , but it appears that it will receive less for this contract as a quid pro quo .
The Independent titles will continue to occupy DMGT 's Northcliffe House headquarters .
But DMGT has also agreed to waive any penalties due for scrapping the original tenancy agreement signed with INM .
That suggests the terms of the original deal may have changed , although no further details have been provided .
The two companies have also agreed a deal which will ensure content from the Independent titles can be used by INM 's other titles around the world .
Lebedev 's acquisition is subject to approval by the Irish competition authorities and is likely to be completed in May 2010 .
The INM chief executive , Gavin O'Reilly , said : " This is a most satisfactory and positive outcome for the titles , their staff and for INM 's shareholders . "
" I wish IPL and the staff every success for the future in continuing the development of these important and influential titles .
I believe that the Lebedevs will be progressive and supportive owners of the Independent titles which have played such an important role in British public life for nearly 25 years .
I wish them , the titles and our former colleagues every success for the future . "
Ivan Fallon , the former journalist and chief executive of INM UK , has retired from the group with immediate effect .
O'Reilly said Fallon , the author of a biography of Tony O'Reilly " has made a significant contribution to INM since he joined the group in 1994 " .
The Lebedevs also announced plans to set up a not for profit organisation , Novaya Independent Media Foundation ( NIMF ) which will " finance global media projects " .
" In particular , we are talking about Novaya Gazeta in Russia , the Independent and the London Evening Standard in the UK , " Lebedev said .
" We hope that other philanthropists will also be interested in maintaining quality journalism to protect freedom of speech and encourage investigative reporting to promote greater transparency in society , " he added .
Readers and staff at the titles hope the sale will herald a revival of the paper , the smallest - selling national newspaper , which had a massive impact on Fleet Street when it launched in 1986 with the slogan " It is .
Are you ? " underlining its fresh approach to dealing with the news .
The paper 's circulation peaked at 400,000 in 1989 and the Independent on Sunday launched in 1990 .
But in February its headline circulation had fallen to 183,547 copies , with full - rate sales accounting for just under 50 % of the total .
Circulation was down 10.88 % year on year .
Its sister paper , the Independent on Sunday had an average circulation of 155,661 , down 13.27 % compared to a year ago .
Full rate sales were 45.3 % of the total .
Industry speculation has centred on whether Lebedev will make the titles free , like he did with the Evening Standard , tripling its distribution in the process .
But the Russian tycoon and his son Evgeny apparently gave assurances to Gordon Brown , the prime minister , that they would remain paid - for titles when he visited No 10 recently .
A spokesman for the Lebedevs refused to rule out taking the titles free .
" Once the deal is complete they will consider their strategic and commercial options , " he said .
Negotiations have been on and off since March last year and the sale is a coup for Simon Kelner , the papers ' managing director and editor - in - chief , who edited the Independent for a decade .
Former Observer editor Roger Alton and former Guardian journalist John Mullin became editors of the Independent and Independent on Sunday , respectively , in 2008 .
Lebedev will be the fourth owner of the Independent after a consortium led by its founders , Andreas Whittam Smith , Stephen Glover and Matthew Symonds ; Mirror Group Newspapers ; and Independent News & Media .
Earlier this month deputy editor Ian Birrell announced he was leaving after 12 years .
The Independent revolutionised Fleet Street again when it launched a tabloid edition in September 2003 , dropping its broadsheet edition entirely about six months later .
Kelner attempted to recruit outspoken columnist Rod Liddle to be the Independent editor but backed out of that plan following uproar .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
The Dubai police chief plans to seek the arrest of Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the murder of Hamas leader here Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , Al Jazeera reported on Wednesday .
The warning adds to the series of threats that Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim has lodged in recent days against Israel , whom he said “ insulted ” the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) by allegedly carrying out the Jan. 19 assassination here .
Dubai , a trade , tourism and banking center is the second largest of the Emirates .
While a warrant may have little practical effect – Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu does not need to worry about being handcuffed imminently – it is likely meant to heighten the pressure and public anger against his government .
Israeli officials have so far not commented on the call for Mr. Netanyahu ’s arrest .
On Wednesday , Australian police officials arrived in Israel to investigate the use of three Australian passports by the alleged assassins .
The names on the passports are shared by three Australians who immigrated to Israel and Australian officials have said they suspect the three were victims of identity theft .
List of threats grows
On Monday Tamim said that Israeli citizens traveling on second passports would no longer be allowed into the United Arab Emirates .
Because the two countries do not have diplomatic relations , Israelis are legally banned from visiting the UAE , though some have been granted entry .
Last week he challenged Mossad chief Meir Dagan to “ be a man ” and admit that his agency killed Mabhouh .
The senior figure in the Palestinian Islamic group had been wanted for helping kidnap two Israeli solders and was allegedly smuggling arms from Iran to Gaza .
Earlier in the investigation , Tamim had threatened to seek the arrest of Dagan and Netanyahu .
Israeli officials have faced the threat of foreign arrest warrants before .
In December 2009 , a British court issued an arrest warrant for former foreign minister and now opposition leader Tzipi Livni , for her role in Israel ’s war in Gaza the year before .
The warrant was quickly withdrawn , but not before creating a furor in Israel .
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .
Republican Meg Whitman is sharpening her focus on one of the main foils of the billionaire executive 's gubernatorial campaign : unions , particularly those representing public employees .
Her TV commercials attack GOP primary rival Steve Poizner for " joining liberal unions " to support a 2000 ballot measure that lowered the vote threshold to pass school bonds .
She rejects a timeline to release her taxes , dismissing the demand as coming from a " union front for Jerry Brown . "
She insists that state employees make financial concessions to help balance the budget .
All of these moves are calculated to help Whitman tap into conservative and Tea Party frustrations with the increasing size of government .
At the same time , the former eBay CEO thinks private - sector workers - particularly those from the technology world - can do a better job making government more efficient and thrifty .
If elected , she plans to recruit at least 100 of her top 300 key appointees from the private sector .
' Cold , hard truth '
Pointing to at least $ 60 billion in underfunded public - employee pensions and a $ 20 billion state budget deficit , Whitman told reporters in Santa Clara at the California Republican Party convention over the weekend that " here 's the cold , hard truth :
We have a government we can no longer afford . "
She believes she can carve at least $ 15 billion in savings from the state budget , with the largest chunk coming from givebacks from government workers .
She plans to trim 40,000 of them from the state rolls over the next four years , largely through attrition .
The cuts could include some University of California and prison workers , but not public safety employees .
She will ask the University of California to look at rolling back its staffing to 2004 - 05 levels .
She wants to use some of the savings from state cutbacks to reverse tuition increases and invest $ 1 billion in higher education , largely into research areas .
Whitman proposes to raise state workers ' retirement age from 55 to 65 , and will also ask public employees to double the amount of salary contributions to their pension plans - from 5 percent to 10 percent .
" I think the era of a defined benefit program is over relative to a defined contribution plan , " said Whitman , who told Chronicle columnist Debra J. Saunders last week that she has never directly negotiated with unions before .
And when it comes to choosing her top appointments as governor , Whitman expressed confidence that top private - sector employees would take a pay cut and move to Sacramento .
During the past year that she has campaigned for governor , she said she has received promises from many that they would join her administration to provide a fresh perspective on how to change government .
She declined to name any .
Many retired Silicon Valley executives who have made their fortunes might be " ready to leave their mark " in public service , said Carl Guardino , CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group , a public policy trade association that represents 300 of the valley 's top companies .
He noted that " retired " in Silicon Valley could mean anyone from " 30 years old to 80 . "
" My sense is that Silicon Valley workers would leap at the chance to serve in state government for four to eight years , " said Guardino , whose organization does n't endorse candidates .
Guardino has long known Whitman , but is not affiliated with her campaign .
" I have never witnessed so many technology executives and workers who are concerned about the health of the state , " he said .
If Whitman - or any candidate , he said - were looking for 100 appointees " they could find 1,000 here easily . "
' Pay cut '
But Deborah Burger , president of the 86,000 - member California Nurses Association , said Whitman 's proposed changes for public employee union workers " are essentially a pay cut .
People wo n't see that money until they retire . "
Instead of calling for concessions from highly paid executives or fees for flush oil companies , Whitman " is attacking people who can't do damage to her politically , " Burger said .
However , the nurses and other unions are trying to challenge Whitman .
Burger said the California Nurses Association Political Action Committee recently contributed $ 100,000 to Level the Playing Field 2010 , a coalition of liberal activists and unions that have aired ads assailing Whitman .
Other independent coalitions , which cannot coordinate with any candidate 's campaign , are planning to provide $ 40 million in anti-Whitman attacks .
Whitman is n't alone in targeting unions .
In his speech to convention delegates , Poizner , the state insurance commissioner , said government employees wield disproportionate clout .
" We have to curb the power of the public employee unions , period .
Small percentage of the total population , " he said while spreading his hands wide apart .
" ( But ) this much of the percentage of the political power .
Public employee unions control what goes on in Sacramento , they will block reforms . "
Targeting Whitman
But it is Whitman , the front - runner in the early polls , who is getting most of the attention from unions .
" Her attacks on nurses , teachers , painters , the people who work with their hands and their backs - the very people that built this country and who are now under enormous stress because of the economic challenges - goes right to the fact that she does not have the character to be governor , " said Chris Lehane , a Democratic consultant who is one of the organizers of Level the Playing Field 2010 .
Though Kinks frontman Ray Davies once said , " There 's nothing kinky about us , " the group rose to fame during the early ' 60s .
The Kinks - built around the explosive relationship between vocalist / guitarist / songwriter Ray Davies and his guitar playing Dave Davies - were formed in North London in 1963 and would enjoy a prolific , versatile 30 - plus year career .
The Kinks were rounded out by drummer Mick Avory and bassist Peter Qauife and completed their self - titled debut LP in 1964 .
The American version of the disc was called You Really Got Me , and was driven by the monstrous single of the same name , which features the punchy , distorted power chords that would characterize the hard rock of the next decade .
The album was the first of a successful string of albums for the group .
They scored two more Top 10 albums in the UK , 1965 's Kinda Kinks and The Kink Kontroversy , as well as numerous Top 50 albums stateside .
The Kinks would release over 20 more albums before they called it quits , enduring almost that many line - up changes .
Controversy and the brothers Davies always went hand - in - hand , and by the time the '70s rolled around , the brothers were growing apart and began perusing solo careers in addition to their Kinks involvement .
This distraction created a rift with other band members .
With a constant , rotating cast of stand - ins , the band carried on , appearing at rock concerts , touring , and recording through the end of the 1980s .
The Kinks ' final album , 1993's Phobia was an inauspicious swan song for a prolific , influential band .
Their influence is evident in groups such as the Ramones , Oasis , Pulp , and the Pretenders ( who covered a few Kinks songs ) .
These days , the brothers Davies continue to be active .
In 2004 , Dave Davies suffered a stroke in an elevator in England .
Davies was rushed to the hospital and survived , though he faced a lengthy recovery period .
Davies returned to the stage in 2010 , fully recovered from the stroke .
His brother Ray has been the more active one , releasing a number of solo albums , including 2006 's return to form , Other People 's Lives .
He continues to play concerts , make appearances , and work on new material , though he is well into his 60s .
The second week of our action plan for optimizing Krita was devoted to optimizing painting in Krita .
Although there are many great paintops in Krita , digital painters tend to use most of the time the simple default brush engine which we call Pixel Brush .
Painters can use GIMP brushes here , the text brush , but the most used brush tip is called Autobrush .
You can setup the brush attributes like shape ( circle , rectangle ) and you can change the ratio to get an ellipse .
Then you can change softness by vertical and horizontal fading .
If you play with spikes and ratio , you get stars and other funny shapes .
The brush has many dynamic attributes thanks Cyrille Berger ’s work on concept called sensors .
E.g. tablet can control the size by pressure , by tilt or anything you want ( e.g. interesting is drawing angle ) and it can be tuned by curve .
The algorithm , which computes the brush mask , stamped on the canvas regular as you stroke , is computed by the KisCircleMask : : valueAt ( ) .
It is a computationally expensive function according valgrind logs we did week ago and many times before .
David Revoy , team member of the Durian project , said that using 70 px brush on 2500 ×2500 image was very slow in Krita .
So we needed to optimize that .
I started with exploration of the code .
I ’m not the author of the autobrush , though I did most of the paintops in Krita ( 10 paintops are mine out of 19 , many are experimental ) .
First catch was the interpolation in the brush mask computation .
We called valueAt ( ) 4 times per pixel of the brush mask .
We found out with Cyrille that the valueAt function used to take integer parameters a long long time ago and double values of the brush mask pixel positions were computed with interpolation .
So I decided to remove the interpolation as the function has been capable to take double input long time ago .
And the results of the valueAt ( ) are more precise then interpolation .
The benefit was great .
Painting was 4 x faster .
Benchmark for random lines with changing size according pressure dropped from 18 seconds to 4 seconds on 4096×4096 image .
Check it in the wiki , related table is called Just with performance fix .
From the valgrind logs we noticed that the atan2 function is called too often .
“ Chickenpump ” suggested some cool old school tricks in comments .
And so we gave that a try .
I used double hashing with QHash in QHash for the 2D function atan2 , but that was very slow due to low cache hit ratio and expensive hashing .
Then Cyrille posted some links with free code which implemented a fast atan2 with an internal lookup table .
So I ported that code to Krita .
Cyrille did some magic stuff like computation with fixed precision on library loading time and some little tune ups to speed the fast atan2 computation and we managed to get more speed up around 1.3 x faster then without fast atan2 function .
There is probably some more room for optimizations as the fast atan2 implementation uses a quite small lookup table .
Also I tested some other implementations , but it had problem with precision .
It had 3 degrees error .
That is too much for us , so I dropped that .
I remembered a quite interesting magic function for fast inverse square root used in Quake III .
So I gave it a try as we use inverse square root in valueAt ( ) too .
I found out by benchmark that fast inverse square root is slower then directly computing the inverse square root ( 1/sqrt ( x ) ) .
It used to be 4 times faster a long time ago .
Probably Intel implemented that in processors already .
Or the optimization done by compiler was not so effective in case of fast version .
Again we dropped that .
Most of the use cases for painting include brush masks which are symmetrical .
The algorithm could compute just 1 /4 of the mask .
Next step was implementing this .
First version used 4 pointers to the memory and compute 1 pixel and copy 3 pixels to the right region .
I managed to get another 1.7 x speed up ( from 3.555 ms to 1.9 ms ) .
Memory access is very important and can slow down computation .
It is like when you use setPixel / pixel method to access pixels in pixel buffer – you supposed to use scanlines , that is faster .
Here is some interesting article about it .
If you do n’t have something to read , here is also nice CPU memory bible .
First version used 4 iterators over image pixels .
One computation per pixel .
And copy the values .
So I decided to make it little faster just by using two pointers .
I compute 1/ 4 of the mask and copy this part to the NW region .
And then I copy the rows in the lower part of the mask in correct order – I mirror it .
Improved version used two iteratiors and memcpy the second half of the brush mask .
I found out on friday evening that it does not work though .
Circle masks seems symmetrical from user point of view , but they are not .
The brush mask respects sub - pixel precision in Krita , so the edge pixels of the circle are not symmetrical .
The sub - pixel precision is visible when you work with big zoom level .
I have an idea for computation 1 / 4 of the brush mask , but I decided to post - pone it .
Other possibilities are still around :
mip - mapping : pre-compute various levels of brush mask to buffer and interpolate the masks .
We do this for Gimp brush .
We would interpolate two computed brush masks instead of computate the single mask .
Maybe it could be faster , maybe not .
The reason for mipmap in GIMP brush painting we have , was to increase the quality of the scaled brushes as Adrian Page , hacker in the Krita team , wrote me in an email .
Mip - mapping would require to split rotation from the mask computation .
This can lead to different results regarding of the brush mask .
Now we consider the rotation in the mask computation .
Then we would rotate un - rotated mask by image processing – rotate image .
Some conformation rendering test would be needed .
The advantage would be support for rotation of the gimp brushes in Krita .
cache the brush mask for mouse users : cache the dab as the mask does n’t change .
This would be nice if we did not compute sub - pixel precision .
But we do that , so the cache hits ratio would be very small .
It would be usable for 100 % zoom , when sub - pixel position is zero .
And of course big condition for checking of the parameter changes would be required .
Compute the mask with graphics card – use shaders : that would be cool , I have some initial experience with shaders but integration would be harder and probably too experimental for our plan .
I ’m mentioning this as we discussed this with Sven Langkamp in Oslo and so that it is not forgotten .
We will probably do some garbage recycling – memory allocation is slow , we can benefit from recycling memory .
It is a matter of discussion on IRC at #krita on freenode .
You are welcome to join .
Final time of the computation in benchmark for random lines is 1,449.2 ms .
It dropped from 18,576 ms .
So the painting was 16 x times faster .
But I revert the 1 /4 of the brush mask speed up , so the current speed is 3.555 ms .
Painting will be 6 xtimes faster .
The speed is considered to be usable for big brushes now .
I invite you to do check - out of the trunk and try to play with big brushes .
200 px is now very usable on my laptop .
What about yours ?
I updated my WordPress blog .
I dropped the previous classic WordPress theme and selected the default one – lazy developer .
I did not like the font in the previous one .
I do n’t have much time to play with web - designing these days .
But at least I customized the default Kubrick theme .
I changed the fixed width of the theme to wider values .
I did also simple custom header with some random strokes with my paintops in Krita .
I hope you will like it .
Every image in the blogpost is made in Krita .
“ Most of the Supreme Court justices who two years ago said the 2nd Amendment protects individual gun rights signaled during arguments Tuesday that they are ready to extend this right nationwide and to use it to strike down some state and local gun regulations , ” David A. Savage reports for the LA Times .
All signs Tuesday were that five justices saw the right to “ bear arms ” as national in scope and not limited to laws passed in Washington .
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy described the individual right to possess a gun as being of “ fundamental character , ” like the right to freedom of speech .
“ If it is not fundamental , then Heller is wrong , ” Kennedy said , referring to the decision two years ago that struck down the handgun ban in the District of Columbia .
Kennedy was part of the 5 - 4 majority in that case .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. called it an “ extremely important ” right in the Constitution .
Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel A. Alito Jr. echoed the theme that the court had endorsed an individual , nationwide right in their decision two years ago .
The fifth member of the majority , Justice Clarence Thomas , did not comment during the argument , but he had been a steady advocate of the 2nd Amendment .
ADVERTISEMENT
On Monday , RAW STORY reported that the court ’s decision in a challenge to Chicago ’s municipal handgun ban could shift the balance of power between the states and Washington .
If the Supreme Court rules to strike down the ban , it could lead to a slew of challenges against state laws on everything , not just guns .
The suit , filed by Otis McDonald , a 76 - year - old African - American afraid for his life in his Chicago neighborhood , is part of a drive by gun rights advocates to present the issue as more than one led by rural whites .
The Supreme Court must determine to what extent the right to bear arms , as enshrined in the Second Amendment of the Bill of Rights , must be incorporated into local law by states like Chicago , where handguns have been banned for nearly 30 years .
The New York Times reported that five of the Supreme Court justices appear to be leaning towards striking down the ban .
ADVERTISEMENT
An unusually intense Supreme Court argument Tuesday showed that the justices remain bitterly divided about the meaning and scope of the Second Amendment .
And it suggested that the five - justice majority in the 2008 decision that first identified an individual right to keep and bear arms was prepared to take another major step in subjecting gun control laws to constitutional scrutiny .
Justice Breyer asked Alan Gura , a lawyer for residents of Chicago challenging its strict gun control law , whether the city should remain free to ban guns if it could show that hundreds of lives would be saved .
Mr. Gura said no .
Justice Antonin Scalia , who wrote the majority decision in Heller , objected to the inquiry .
A constitutional right , he said , cannot be overcome because it may have negative consequences .
Firearms are responsible for about 30,000 deaths each year in the United States , of which more than half are suicides and more than 10,000 murders .
The city of Chicago argues that its handgun ban saves 700 a lives a year .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Firearms , unlike anything in the Bill of Rights , are designed to harm and kill , ” said city attorney James Feldman as opening arguments got under way .
The powerful National Rifle Association , a strong supporter of the Republican party , has waged a major legal push against the federal government since Obama was elected , labeling the Democratic president , “ the most anti-gun president in American history . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Supreme Court ’s ruling could build on a landmark June 2008 decision striking down a handgun ban in the city of Washington , which is not a state and operates under federal law .
That decision , greeted with fury by opponents of gun ownership in poor urban areas that see daily gun-related violence , was the first time the court had ruled that US citizens had a legal right to own guns for self - defense .
Local regulations have increasingly been at the forefront in the battle over gun control in the United States , where some 200 million firearms are in circulation — in a population of 300 million — and the right to bear arms is enshrined by the Constitution .
ADVERTISEMENT
While Obama has not moved to curb gun freedoms , arms sales have shot up since his election in 2008 and conservatives deeply suspicious of his intentions have stepped up efforts to promote them .
At the federal level , US lawmakers have blocked the capital city of Washington from voting representation in Congress due to opposition to its gun laws .
( with AFP report )
What is the NV ELT program ?
The electronic lien and title ( ELT ) program is a method by which the Department of Motor Vehicles ( DMV ) and a lending institution ( lienholder ) exchange vehicle and title information electronically .
Instead of printing a paper title and mailing it to the lienholder , the NV DMV transmits title information electronically to the lienholder ’s ELT service provider .
The ELT program lowers processing costs and increased efficiencies for all parties by eliminating the mailing , filing and retrieving of a paper title .
Who is required to participate ?
All Lenders .
How do I get my title ?
At the time of release , a paper title will be generated and mailed to the vehicle owner or designated recipient .
How do I enroll in the NV ELT program ?
Simply complete the Enroll Here form below and a DDI representative will be in contact with you shortly .
Enroll Here
A minor fender bender turns into a messy fight with sticks and shoes in the middle of a busy freeway in Singapore .
Ask Gail Hathaway , a warm 61 - year - old retired nurse from Vonore , Tenn. , what she wants out of the “ tea party ” movement , and she returns the quizzical look of someone worried she ’s been asked a trick question .
“ What do I want ?
Well , I want it all to stop , ” she said late Thursday night from the floor of the National Tea Party Convention , an event billed as the first major conference for the conservative movement currently reshaping America ’s political landscape .
“ Our way of life is under attack .
I truly believe they are trying to destroy this country .
It ’s just hard to say who ‘ they ’ is . ”
Though tea party leaders recently have tried to redefine the movement as focused on limiting government growth in the age of big Wall Street bailouts and stimulus packages , Hathaway ’s remarks and others like them reflect frustrations that spring from a much bigger pool of concerns .
Some conference attendees said they were worried about religious freedom and immigration .
They said they sensed a withering pride in American ideals and the country ’s place in the world .
Often those concerns were tied to the post -1960s culture wars .
“ You took the radicals out of the ‘60s .
They came into our colleges , they became teachers and they began to teach our children , ” said Alice Moore , 69 , who got her start in political activism fighting against what she deemed inappropriate textbooks in her West Virginia town .
“ The indoctrination of kids for 35 years or longer , this is what led us to the election of this president .
It is why we ’re here , ” Moore said .
Education was a frequent source of outrage among the tea party advocates , who say too little attention is paid to the Founding Fathers and “ first principles ” of constitutional government .
The Revolutionary War is often invoked as a guiding image for the movement .
Some advocates want to require citizens to pass a civics test before being allowed to vote , a proposal reminiscent of the Jim Crow laws used to keep blacks away from the voting booth .
Former Colorado Republican Rep. Tom Tancredo , the convention ’s opening speaker , raised the issue to enthusiastic applause .
“ People who could not spell the word ‘ vote ’ or say it in English put a committed socialist ideologue in the White House -- name is Barack Hussein Obama , ” Tancredo said .
The remarks did n’t go over well with everyone .
“ I do n’t think that ’s the way to unite people .
You might have thoughts about some things , but some things are better left unsaid , ” said Lisa Mei Norton , a defense contractor by day who moonlights as a singer - songwriter of tea party pop inspired by talk radio .
Norton opted to perform her song “ A Revolution ’s Brewing ” on Thursday night , instead of her version of “ Where Were You Born ? ” -- a country - infused song questioning the president ’s birthplace .
About 600 people arrived at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel in Nashville for two full days of workshops and pep talks to be capped off with an appearance Saturday by a tea party favorite , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
The convention price -- $ 560 a ticket , plus hotel and travel -- kept away some of the less well - heeled members of the movement , as well as some leading tea party groups that complained about the costs .
The meeting appeared to draw heavily from other Southern states .
Organizers said the meeting was an attempt to help activists pick up the political skills needed to create a large grass - roots force for conservative candidates in the midterm elections .
On Friday , organizer Mark Skoda announced that he had set up a nonprofit and political action committee aimed at supporting candidates who vow to uphold conservative principles .
Skoda said his group , Ensuring Liberty Corp. , would stand out for its transparency , though he would not name who would serve on its board .
He hoped to raise $ 10 million .
khennessey@tribune.com
There is a magic to making up , a recipe if you like , that when mixed with carefully measured ingredients can result in couples reuniting , despite the odds or reasons why they broke up !
By : Brian Bold
End
-- Relationships would be a whole lot easier if all we had to do was wave our magic wand to get the love back of the one we 've lost .
Some may argue that spells can work their magic in helping broken hearted couples to make up but really there are some simple steps that work like magic to make couples pine for the person they dumped .
Brian Bold explains , " A person 's first gut reaction after a breakup is to go completely over the top , almost psycho if you like , in trying to get their ex back .
The reason why people become so desperate to get their ex back is that separation takes them completely out of their comfort zone and causes them a lot of pain .
The broken hearted person then goes in self - preservation mode which is to stop the pain at all costs .
This is when avoidable mistakes are made that can actually drive their ex further away from them rather than bring them closer towards them .
" This discomfort leads to desperate behaviour .
In fact perfectly sane people are more than happy to drunk dial , ane even hound their ex via email , facebook and other web 2.0 methods for a second chance - almost at any cost .
" Dignity goes completely out of the window .
Well - meaning , healthy minded girls and guys , men and women become stalker - like in their efforts in trying to win their ex back when it does n't even have to be this way , " Brian explains .
Unfortunately this unhealthy behaviour has the opposite effect .
Rather than drawing their ex back into their lives , more often than not their ex thinks that they 're mentally unstable and it's in their best interests actually NOT to be with that person any more .
Another critical drawback is their ex never gets the chance to miss them ( absence makes the heart grow fonder is n't a well - known saying for nothing ) .
Brian explains further , " Nobody is ever taught how to handle a breakup .
As a result of this people will do what comes naturally .
They 'll plead with their ex for a second chance , they 'll turn up at all the places their ex hangs out at and they 'll harass their ex's family and friends to try and get them to help their ex see sense .
No -one is to blame for acting this way .
People know no better .
It 's my desire to change that .
" In fact , to help people worldwide heal their hurting hearts Brian has created what could be the most comprehensive ex back system on the market today .
Brian 's Ex Back System explains in simple step by step format through downloadable pdfs , audios and videos how to start the process of winning your ex back .
" Different people prefer to learn via different methods and for this reason I 've created a personal making up system where the person can actually choose how they want to learn how to make up with their ex - via pdfs , videos , audios or a combination of all three , " Brian states .
In fact , the Ex Back System starts from the very moment you 've broken up and with the 60 day transformation journal Brian then takes his readers by the hand for the next 60 days in order to help them heal from their break up as quickly as possible so they can start the magic of making up with the person that they love .
For full details of what you 'll receive when you read the Ex Back System head on over to http://www.exbacksystem.com today !
Bob Gainey has resigned as general manager of the Montreal Canadiens , the team announced on Monday .
Pierre Gauthier , who served as assistant GM since 2006 , will assume the position of GM .
" I 've done my best and now it 's time for me to pass the torch , " Gainey said on Monday , according to TSN .
" I believe that the general manager position requires a long - term vision and a long - term commitment .
At this point , I 'm not prepared to make a commitment of four or five or six more years in this position . "
Gauthier was born in Montreal and has been with the Canadiens since 2003 , originally joining the team as the director of professional scouting .
Gainey spent his entire playing career in Montreal , serving as the captain for eight seasons and winning five Stanley Cups .
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1992 .
Gainey held the GM position in Montreal since 2003 , with the team posting a 241 - 176 - 46 - 7 record under his control .
He will stay on with the team as a special adviser to the GM .
" I 'm leaving the team I love the most in the hands of the man I trust the most , " Gainey said .
" I look forward to assisting Pierre and the team in our pursuit of our 25th Stanley Cup . "
We ’re back with another fun -filled episode of “ How long till Gnome has a single button as it ’s only feature ? ” .
On today ’s episode , Gnome has removed the ability to toggle between the text - based location bar and breadcrumbs with the touch of a button .
This has always been a handy feature in nautilus for quickly navigating to hidden directories ( .local ) , to Windows ( SMB ) shares , FTP or SSH shares while toggling back the “ better ” looking breadcrumbs with only the click of a button .
Not anymore folks !
Remember , buttons are the devil !
UPDATE : The original bug in launchpad can be found here and the corresponding bugzilla bug for gnome here .
And here is David Siegel ’s post about the bright idea to remove yet more features including this one .
P.S. Yes , I know you can use CTRL+L or / or use the menu ’s to bring up half the functionality of the button .
The average user ( who yes , does / did use this ) should n’t have to learn hundreds of magic combo key ’s to navigate their computer .
Nor should they have to use the command line .
Note the words " Ecstatic Rite " , the title of the fifth track on Renihilation , the debut LP from Brooklyn black metal band Liturgy .
With its nihilism and necromancy , its demons and doom , heavy metal -- especially this strain -- is most often tagged for its dark , grim obsessions , not its celebration .
Liturgy , at a glance , might not seem much different : Frontman Hunter Hunt - Hendrix writes about meaninglessness , disaster , and apocalypse in terse , declarative terms , and the band 's guitar waves and drum cascades sometimes suggest suffocation .
But crank Renihilation again , and notice the way Greg Fox rebuilds his beats when the band relents -- how hard he slaps those cymbals , how he slowly fills the spaces in his own meter , especially during the backend of " Pagan Dawn " .
Or listen to the intensity of " Arctica " -- the triumphant guitar introduction , the thunderous way the drums roll into it , the sudden stops and stronger restarts .
It feels , conveniently enough , ecstatic , the sound of four " Brooklyn hipsters " ( as some super kvlt Internet analysts have derided ) who go by their given names , wear street clothes , and avoid corpse paint treating extreme metal with the élan of a ripe young garage rock band or a focused noise artist .
However harsh the words and however heavy the music , Liturgy have fun with their chosen form -- playing ferociously , writing imaginatively , and , in the process , making a record that reveres black metal 's legacy while , at its best , pushes it forward .
For , you know , Brooklyn hipsters , the quartet supplies convincing power and precision .
They play hard , fast , and with stamina , storming through these seven three - to - five - minute tracks and using only four interludes ( always some combination of guitars , electronics and overtone singing ) for rest .
But it 's not all bustle and blaze .
There 's lot of space in these tracks , so that even the most tumultuous tunes offer surprising detours .
That 's actually where Liturgy are the most compositionally interesting .
On " Mysterium " , for instance , Fox overruns his own frenetic clip , drumming so quickly that all he can do is start and stop again .
Each time this happens , Liturgy pause on sharp , dissonant notes , maintaining a pins- and - needles suspense rather than resolving the drama .
Liturgy cites minimalist composers La Monte Young and Glenn Branca and Pakistani singer Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan as influences .
The record 's interludes are obvious homages to those outsiders , but so are these moments , when Liturgy reinforce the tension with choices that run counter to rock 'n ' roll impulses .
The possibilities are infinite and largely unexplored .
Indeed , one of Renihilation 's most appealing aspects is what is n't here :
From the dissonant guitar shards anchoring the pauses on " Arctica " to the mix of chants and electronics serving as interludes between tracks , Liturgy deliver a stream of ideas that seem like strands for continued exploration and synthesis .
It 's a captivating listen in its own right , but mostly Renihilation establishes the band 's bona fides .
Yeah , maybe they 're art kids or the sons of classical music critics , but Fox destroys on the drums , and Hunt - Hendrix suffers for his words when he howls .
He and Bernard Gann comprise an interesting guitar pair , too , as comfortable marching along the same serrated path as they are spiraling around each other in riffs and counters .
Bassist Tyler Dusenbury mostly stays out of the way .
Renihilation suggests that Liturgy are more certain of possibilities than , at this point , their ability to achieve them .
That is , despite a frontman who roars , " being shall become the eternal return of fire , " during a song in which he depicts the modern world crumbling in a natural blaze , the aggressive ecstasy of Renihilation promises an exciting future -- for Liturgy , and for us .
As his boxing powers return David Tua has shown that he has n't lost his sense of humour either .
Some critics have labelled Tua 's biggest handicap as being a heavyweight trapped inside a mini body with his short stature giving him problems against tall opponents .
But now Tua is trapped inside a Mini car .
Renowned for his love of vehicles – Tua drove a Hummer around Las Vegas in the buildup to his world title fight with Lennox Lewis – his latest mode of transport is more reflective of the tougher times that have fallen on him in recent years .
He has had to go small as he continues to think big .
But Tua has worked hard to pimp up his 1973 Mini .
And that includes the tell - tale personalised number plate that reads O4OSUM in reference to his infamous appearance on TV show Wheel Of Fortune when he asked for “ O for awesome ” .
The shiny black little car has Tua all over it .
The hubcaps have his Tuamanator stylised T on them .
The wire grill has TUA sprayed on to it .
Stickers declare 100 % Samoa in reference to his heritage and F4effort , a reflection of the hard work he has put into his latest comeback that has already claimed the scalp of fellow Kiwi heavyweight Shane Cameron and is now centred on tomorrow night ’s fight with Friday Ahunanya .
There 's a skeleton hanging from the rearview mirror and Tua will be hoping that symbolises the career of the big Nigerian Friday Ahunanya once the fight plays out at west Auckland 's Trusts Stadium .
In this first installment of Bloody - Disgusting ’s “ Top 20 Horror Films of the 2000s ” list , voted on by the staff of B - D , we begin the countdown with one honorable mention followed by numbers 20 - 16 .
If there ’s a theme running through the following picks , it ’s that bigger is n’t necessarily better .
With the exception of one of the films ( which itself had a relatively small budget ) , all of them were made for $ 11 million or less .
From gory , surreal slasher films to subtle ghost stories , these movies represent cases of resourceful directors managing to do a lot with very little .
Also read : 00 ’s Retrospect : Dead on Arrival — Ten Horror Duds of the Last Decade
The last ten years have been a wild ride for horror fans .
Thanks to countless innovators and a host of amazing films , it can safely be said that the 2000 ’s trump the 1990 ’s by a wide margin .
Sure , that decade had groundbreakers like Scream and The Blair Witch Project , but that ’s nothing compared to the number of great horror films ( and , for that matter , the number of total horror films ) that this decade has had to offer .
To celebrate , the staff of Bloody - Disgusting decided to take a vote on the Top 20 horror films * of the 2000 ’s ( along with one honorable mention ) , and the below list is the result .
Looking over it , it ’s actually pretty telling that nearly half the movies ( 9 out of 21 ) were produced on foreign soil , which just goes to show that this decade in horror was as much about the range of impressive imports as it was about the American product .
Your favorites are n’t on there ?
Cry us a river .
Or better yet , let us know what we missed .
And make sure , at some point before the New Year , to get on your knees , clasp your hands together and pray to the horror gods to make the next decade as good as the last .
– Chris Eggertsen
21 -16 | 15-11 | 10-6 | 5 -
1
Honorable Mention .
Frailty ( Lionsgate ; April 12 , 2002 )
Frailty , a film about a delusional man who forces his two sons to accompany him on a killing spree and which deals with the crimes ’ after - effects on one of the grown - up sons in the present day , came and went quietly in 2002 .
But its reputation has grown over the years , mostly due to good word - of - mouth from those who have since discovered just what an underrated gem it really is .
Bill Paxton directs and stars , in a creepy performance as the aforementioned father who hallucinates a vision he believes was sent by God ordering him to seek out and kill “ demons ” that have taken on human form .
The nature of the murders is grisly , although there ’s not much blood in the film ; Paxton wisely chooses to focus on the moral implications of the killings rather than their gruesome details .
What results is a small - scale , thought - provoking horror film that deserves a second look .
20 . Cloverfield ( Paramount Pictures ; January 18 , 2008 )
Just when we all thought we were over the “ shaky - cam ” craze , along came Cloverfield , the J.J. Abrams - produced monster movie that melded the terrifying first - person realism of The Blair Witch Project with the large - scale destruction of the Godzilla movies .
A brilliant conceit , to be sure , backed by a genius early marketing campaign that followed the less - is - more philosophy to tantalizing effect .
Luckily for audiences , it was a philosophy carried over from the film itself , which particularly in the early going milked our anticipation with maximum effectiveness while showing only brief glimpses of the creature .
Much like Blair Witch nearly ten years earlier , Cloverfield helped prove , particularly in its first half hour , that what you do n’t see can be the scariest thing of all .
19 . American Psycho ( Lionsgate ; January 21 , 2000 )
Considered a disappointment at the time of its release , this adaptation of the novel by Bret Easton Ellis has grown in stature through the years and become something of a cult classic .
Much of this can be attributed to Christian Bale ’s disturbing / darkly hilarious turn as serial killer / Manhattan businessman Patrick Bateman , a role that in hindsight could n’t have been played by any other actor .
Along with The Rules of Attraction , the film is also perhaps the purest distillation of the Ellis aesthetic ever put to celluloid ; it ’s “ Me Decade ” as surreal , blood - soaked horror show .
At its best , the film reflects our own narcissism , and the shallow American culture it was spawned from , with piercing effectiveness .
Much of the credit for this can go to director Mary Harron , whose off - kilter tendencies are a good complement to Ellis ’ unique style .
18 . The Devil ’s Backbone ( 20th Century Fox ; September 2 , 2001 )
Following the Weinstein - butchered Mimic , his disastrous first foray into American filmmaking , Guillermo del Toro went back to his roots and crafted this elegant and deeply - felt ghost story set during the Spanish Civil War .
Like Pan ’s Labyrinth , which del Toro has called Backbone ’s “ spiritual sequel ” , it ’s alternately a gut - wrenching portrait of childhood in a time of war and a skin- crawling , evocative nightmare .
It ’s also the rare horror film that functions equally well as a human drama , and that ’s due to del Toro ’s skill at writing full - blooded characters we can truly care about .
At the end of the day , the film ultimately works so well because del Toro understands that at the core of every good horror story , whether explicit or not , lies a beating human heart .
17 . May ( Lionsgate ; January 13 , 2003 )
Lucky McKee ’s twisted tale about a miserably lonely and awkward young woman who resorts to murder was criminally under - seen at the time of its release ( no thanks to Lion ’s Gate , which essentially dumped the film ) , but its standing has grown among lovers of idiosyncratic horror over the years .
Playing the title character is Angela Bettis , who manages to remain sympathetic even as she begins her killing spree late in the film ; her performance is so generously complex that we continue to hope for her redemption even as the blood begins to flow .
The plotting itself manages to sidestep the usual slasher tropes as it slowly and inexorably unravels , all leading up to a quietly haunting conclusion that is as heart - wrenching as it is unnerving .
If you have n’t seen it yet , give this one a try .
16 . Paranormal Activity ( Paramount Pictures ; September 25 , 2009 )
Sure it was just released this year , but do n’t discount Paranormal Activity just because it ’s so recent .
Forget the lame tacked - on studio ending ; overall it ’s a genuinely scary film that turns the screws of audience anticipation with merciless skill .
Director Oren Peli understands well the art of suggestion , and by the end he manages to build an atmosphere of almost unbearable dread .
Of course , with a budget of only $ 15,000 you do n’t have much choice but to keep the source of all the spooky goings - on off - screen , but Peli deserves props for milking the maximum amount of tension out of the spare , modern setting – an ordinary , cookie - cutter tract home in San Diego .
It does n’t sound very scary , but Peli manages to make it terrifying .
If you are n’t white - knuckling your armrest at least once or twice while watching it , you probably do n’t have a pulse .
Editorial written by Chris Eggertsen
21 -16 | 15-11 | 10-6 | 5 -
1
* Editor ’s Note :
For those of you interested in knowing how the list came to be , here ’s an explanation .
Bloody Disgusting writers collaborated on a list of some of the best films this decade .
The entire list was given to the Bloody Disgusting staff who then built their own Top 20 lists .
Each film was given a point value .
20 received 1 point , 19 received 2 points , and so on all the way to number 1 , which received 20 points .
The numbers were tallied and the result are the top films listed .
The bonus film had tied with # 20 and the tie was broken by the number of actual votes .
The following participated in the project : Mr. Disgusting , Tex Massacre , BC , David Harley , Ryan Daley , Chris Eggertsen , Jeff Otto , John Marrone , Horror_Guy , Mr_Bungle , Klown , Caustic Coffee and Tool Shed
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The city of Alexandria has shortened the duration of the yellow light at a busy intersection .
This scheme risks lives in a shameless attempt to increase profits from red - light cameras .
Gov. Robert F. McDonnell alone can put a stop to the city ’s deadly policy with the stroke of his pen .
On Monday , the General Assembly enrolled House Bill 1292 , preparing it for Mr. McDonnell ’s signature .
The measure makes what appear to be minor technical changes to an existing law authorizing photo enforcement .
Specifically , it gives the companies behind traffic cameras direct access to the private information contained in Department of Motor Vehicles records .
The idea is to make it cheaper for cities and counties to outsource their law enforcement to these companies , which frequently are based in foreign countries .
So far , Virginia Beach has been the only city willing to implement cameras without this change , but not from lack of desire on the part of the others .
Alexandria , for example , issued a press release on June 16 , claiming that it had begun a “ 30 - day warning period ” for an “ active ” red - light camera program .
Indeed , the cameras are installed and even flash motorists , but the system is n’t issuing tickets yet .
City officials reluctantly admitted to The Washington Times that it would be “ very labor - intensive ” to operate the program themselves , as required under current law , and that they have been waiting for the legislative fix .
In other words , the more “ safety ” costs , the less Alexandria is interested .
Other jurisdictions in the Old Dominion appear to feel the same way .
Mr. McDonnell should intervene and stop them from allowing their lust for revenue to endanger lives .
Consider what Alexandria is doing .
In its first dalliance with robotic ticketing in November 1997 , Alexandria placed cameras at the intersection of South Patrick and Gibbon streets with the yellow time set at three seconds , the shortest time allowed under federal regulations .
Tickets piled up , with about 80 percent of the violations taking place less than a second after the light turned red .
By March 1999 , there had been no increase in safety , and the yellow timing at this location was quietly increased to four seconds .
That extra second gave drivers the time needed to clear the intersection , and violations immediately plunged 80 percent .
The Washington Times verified that Alexandria officials have now shortened the yellow time at the intersection back down to just three seconds - the timing that produced so many violations in 1997 .
Worse , the Virginia Department of Transportation , under Gov. Tim Kaine ’s administration , certified this reduced timing as appropriate .
Alexandria cannot pretend this action had anything to do with safety .
The Virginia Transportation Research Council exploded the red - light - camera safety myth by documenting a 29 percent increase in collisions following Alexandria ’s original camera experiment .
The results can only be worse if Alexandria is allowed to transform an artificially induced increase in violations into cold , hard cash .
The governor must make a choice .
He can side with the municipal and photo - enforcement lobbyists , or he can side with the people who put him in office by denying cities the cash cow they so desperately desire .
We hope Mr. McDonnell makes the right choice , the safe choice , and vetoes HB 1292 .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The past few years have seen a series of studies that indicate the distractions of cellphone use have an impact on driving skills that rivals intoxication , and various governments are responding by instituting bans on the use of tech toys behind the wheel .
Despite laws , extensive evidence and a reasonable degree of public awareness , there 's no shortage of people using phones behind the wheel , which suggests that many drivers have a great deal of confidence in their multitasking ability .
A new study that will be released by the journal Psychonomic Bulletin and Review suggests that , even though most of those people probably are bad at multitasking , a small percent of the population positively excels at it .
The basic idea behind the new study is that even though the studies of distracted drivers are pretty definitive , they typically only measure group behavior , which may obscure a small sub-population that 's the exception to the rule .
So , its authors set up a standard test of distracted driving , and looked for people who had performance that represented an exception to the group trend .
The driving portion of the test was handled by a commercial product called PatrolSim , which used a simulated 30 - mile stretch of multilane highway .
As faster - moving traffic passed in the left lane , subjects were asked to follow a pace car in the right that would sporadically apply the brakes .
The response time of the subjects — how long they took to notice and apply their own brakes — served as a measure of driving attentiveness .
For the distraction , the subjects were given a cell phone that was used to administer an audible version of the OSPAN memory task .
OSPAN involves a series of simple true / false math problems ( a sample : is ( 3/1 ) - 1 = 2 ? ) , interspersed with words .
The subjects are asked to answer the math questions as they appear , and then recall the words in order once anywhere from two to five instances were presented .
Performance on OSPAN appears to parallel that of a number of classical memory tests .
As expected , most of the subjects did worse on both the driving and memory tasks when they were asked to perform them simultaneously .
Driving distance and braking response times shot up , while both memory and math performance dropped relative to single - task scores .
But there were exceptions — a grand total of five ( three male , two female ) out of the initial group of 200 subjects .
Making sure that the high dual - tasking performance was n't due to the individuals having bombed the single - task tests , either unintentionally or on purpose , ensured that their single - task scores were n't below average .
In fact , they were typically above average and , in most cases , showed absolutely no difference between the single - and dual - task experimental setups .
In fact , in the one exception , the OSPAN memory test , they actually performed better in the dual - task condition .
The small percentage of what the authors termed " supertaskers " obviously left the authors considering the possibility that it was a statistical fluke .
So , they created four pools from the scores from their tests ( memory , math , braking distance , and response time ) and used Monte Carlo sampling to create 100,000 random scores .
Supertaskers appeared in only 0.16 percent of these , which indicates that the 2.5 percent figure they saw represents a real phenomena .
Since then , the authors have identified another three supertaskers from among the University of Utah student body , and have confirmed that their exceptional performance stays stable for time spans of at least six months .
They 're subjecting them to a variety of neural and behavior tests in an attempt to identify what , precisely , gives them an ability that most of us so clearly lack .
If the behavior is so apparently useful , why are n't we all supertaskers ?
The paper suggests two alternative explanations .
The first is simply that supertasking has only become useful in recent years , so there 's been no opportunity for evolutionary selection to cause it to be pervasive .
The alternative is that supertasking comes at some sort of neural cost so , even though it 's useful , the downsides ensure that it remains limited to a small fraction of the population .
The authors also took the time to remind their readers that the supertasking population really is small , so you should n't assume you 're one of them .
Unfortunately , it looks like most people tend to believe they 're the exception to this rule , as the authors note , " our studies over the last decade have found that a great many people have the belief that the laws of attention do not apply to them ( e.g. , they have seen other drivers who are impaired while multi- tasking , but they are the exception to the rule ) .
In fact , some readers may also be wondering if they too are supertaskers ; however , we suggest that the odds of this are against them . "
Psychonomic Bulletin and Review , 2010 .
DOI unavailable ; preprint available via the authors .
Jobs : Short - term hope , long - term despair
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Friday 's jobs report showed some glimmers of a recovery but if you 're among the 8.8 million Americans still unemployed after nearly four months , you may have been left scratching your head .
You 're not alone .
" Whether you say the jobs market is improving or getting worse , there are people who will say you 're crazy , " said Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of Economic Cycle Research Institute .
" That 's because there are two Americas , and they 're both right . "
Of the 8.8 million who have been unemployed for more than 3 - 1/ 2 months , there are 3.5 million more now than there were at this point last year .
And for this group , the job market is looking grimmer by the day .
According to the Labor Department , a stunning 58.9 % of jobless Americans have now been unemployed for more than 15 weeks -- an all - time high .
On the other hand , the job market is rapidly improving for those who have been unemployed for less than 3 - 1/ 2 months .
There are 1.2 million fewer Americans who have been unemployed for under 15 weeks , compared with this time last year .
The 41.1 % who have been out of work for fifteen weeks or less marks a record low .
One caveat .
Some of those who have dropped out of the under - 15 - week group may still be out of work , putting them into the longer - term unemployed group .
A tale of two job markets
A closer look at the numbers helps paint a picture of the increasingly fractured job market .
Economists say most of the workers who have been out of a job for more than 27 weeks include those in slow - to - recover industries like construction , finance and manufacturing .
Unfortunately for them , those businesses will likely be the last to recover .
" There is simply no business demand for construction workers or the guys writing credit - default swaps and derivatives , " said Achuthan .
" The economy , going forward , does n't want them . "
When the housing and credit bubbles burst in late 2007 and 2008 , the economy tanked .
Leading up to that , when the bubble was expanding , both industries had a glut of workers .
That left those industries over - exposed to financial losses when things turned sour .
Both markets are just starting to recover , but businesses are still wary about hiring back construction workers and complex finance experts .
" Those areas that were over capacity will have no bounce back anytime soon , " said Doug Roberts , chief investment strategist for ChannelCapitalResearch.com
On the flipside , the short - term unemployed are largely from the services industries , economists say .
Those with training in private and professional services have been able to find jobs faster in a number of growing industries like health care , information technology and education .
For instance , the health - care industry has added 210,000 workers over the past year , according to the Labor Department .
With an increasingly aging population , demand for health - care services is growing rapidly .
Education has added 36,000 jobs during the past 12 months , and other industries like tech and accounting have also recently started adding positions .
Temp jobs a temporary solution
For the growing number of people who have been unemployed for 15 weeks or more , there 's no easy solution to get their jobs back .
" The problem is that most the of the long - term unemployed are older people that have been doing the same thing for years .
You can't just take a construction worker and give him a job in a hospital , " said Achuthan .
" No jobs bill is going to be able to deal with that . "
Historically , after an industry 's bubble burst , it has taken a long and steady recovery before businesses were willing to take a chance and hire again .
Meanwhile , its workers ' skills atrophy , and they cost the country about $ 100 billion a year in lost productivity , Achuthan said .
For those who can't find work in their fields but are able to get training or adapt their skills to new endeavors , there is a silver lining : temporary , introductory - level jobs are one of the fastest - growing sectors .
Nearly 100,000 temporary positions have been created in the first two months of 2010 alone .
" The huge trend of temporary hiring will continue for a while , which is good for people looking for just about anything , " said Roberts .
" Now people are just happy to have any job . "
Mongolia has been hit by unusually severe winter weather
The International Red Cross has appealed for help for thousands of Mongolian herders who have lost their livestock because of extreme cold .
The Red Cross said that millions of animals had perished during the country 's hardest winter in years .
It says it needs over $ 900,000 ( £ 603,000 ) to provide emergency assistance to the worst - hit families and restock herds .
A BBC correspondent says those animals who survived are running out of food .
In recent months temperatures in Mongolia have dropped below - 40C .
Local residents call it a " dzud " - a severe winter following a very dry summer , which has left reserves of fodder low .
Almost half of the country 's population are herders or farmers whose main assets are their livestock .
According to the Red Cross , nearly 10 % of Mongolia 's livestock have died since December .
The agency said it needed money to provide emergency food aid to more than 3,000 families who have lost the bulk of their herds and to help them restore or diversify their livelihoods .
" The needs are steadily growing as more and more herders face up to the reality that many of their animals are dying , " Ravdan Samdandobji , secretary - general of the Mongolian Red Cross , said in the statement .
" More and more people are left distraught and increasingly destitute . "
The BBC's Chris Hogg , who is in Mongolia , says the weather is not expected to improve until mid May and herders say they expect the next few weeks to be the toughest yet this winter .
Your humble blogwatcher selected these bloggy morsels for your enjoyment .
Mikael Ricknäs repörts :
TeliaSonera has launched the world 's first commercial LTE ( Long - Term Evolution ) networks , in the central parts of Stockholm [ Sweden ] and Oslo [ Norway ] .
... Normal download speeds are expected be between 20 Mbps ... and 80 Mbps. ...
Recently , U.S. operator Verizon said its LTE network will deliver speeds between 5 Mbps and 12 Mbps. ... LTE is expected to be the next major standard in mobile broadband technology , and carriers have begun to convert their networks .
Up to another 17 LTE networks are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2010 in the U.S. , Canada , Japan , Norway , South Korea , South Africa , Sweden , Armenia and Finland .
MORE
Bill Ray comes to bury WiMax , not to praise it :
The operator is pushing Long Term Evolution as offering ten times the speed of 3G ... at 2.6GHz , and making synonyms of LTE and 4G - as though WiMAX had never existed .
... WiMAX struggles to provide 6 Mb / sec , despite officially being a 4G technology .
...
The power of LTE lies in its flexibility which allows it to operate at hugely variable speeds and frequencies .
LTE is n't just intended to extend 3G capabilities , but to replace every radio standard used in mobile telephony .
MORE
Jeff Bertolucci helps dig its grave :
Wireless service provider Clearwire is currently building the first national 4G network in the U.S. Using WiMax technology , Clearwire offers broadband speeds of 4 M bps to 6 M bps -- relatively poky compared to TeliaSonera 's 100 M bps offering .
...
And Comcast , using the Clearwire network , is offering WiMax 4G service in Portland , Oregon .
The Comcast High - Speed 2go service maxes out at 4 M bps .
MORE
Where 's the kit coming from , Om Malik ?
The carrier also has a license to roll out an LTE network in Finland .
...
It ’s using Ericsson and Huawei ’s gear for this network , while Samsung is providing the LTE modem dongles .
The network in Oslo offers maximum speeds of up to 100 Mbps , according to Huawei .
...
We should start to hear about more LTE rollouts this year , including some kind of news announcement from Verizon Wireless , which is one of the more aggressive LTE backers in the world .
In addition to Verizon , MetroPCS has plans to roll out an LTE network as well .
MORE
Sarah Reedy reads the significance of the rollout :
TeliaSonera ’s deployment is not a huge launch , covering less than half a million people , but a significant milestone for LTE nonetheless .
The Swedish operator was able to turn on the network ahead of its initially scheduled 2010 date .
Meanwhile in the US , Verizon Wireless has plans to launch its first LTE market in the latter half of next year and then ramp - up quickly to a 30 markets , 100 - million - pop footprint covering the largest cities in the US .
AT&T is holding back even longer with plans for a 2011 deployment , choosing to wait until more devices are available .
MORE
Erick Schonfeld grumbles , and resorts to the ob .
IKEA joke :
The Scandinavians get everything first when it comes to mobile , except the iPhone .
... TeliaSonera says it will roll out the 4G service to 25 cities in Sweden and Norway in 2010 .
But you know how these things go .
The full rollout may take longer because they are still trying to follow the instructions on how to put it together .
They are pretty sure they are missing some bolts .
...
For the rest of us , the wait will be even longer .
Mobile carriers in the U.S. are struggling under the weight of soaring Web phone data usage .
Their 3G networks can hardly keep up ( cough , AT&T ) .
... I suggest you move to Stockholm .
MORE
This story , " 4G Mobile : Europe Snickers at U.S. Foot - Dragging " was originally published by Computerworld .
Anton Lander seems to suffer from some kind of disorder that forces him to be huge in big games .
He 's had a tough time after the World Junior Championships but scores big goals in the last two games of regular season .
I 've followed him for many years now and have seen this time after time , both with the junior national team and in Timra .
It 's no coincidence that Lander scored the game - winning goal in this game , that 's for sure !
When we played 4 on 5 late in the game with the one goal lead we got a 50/50 chance to get a 2 on 2 break for a shorthanded goal but the 18 year old who newly - scored the goal of his life was cool enough to go and get a line change that helped us live through that crucial short - handed situation and win the game .
-- Jimmy Hamrin , Timra Blogger .
As Ben would say , on a scale from one to ten Eberles , Anton Lander is a perfect ten .
Lander 's late season heroics dragged Timrå into the Swedish Elite League playoffs and his third period in the final game against Lulea will be the stuff of legend for years to come .
On the back of Timrå 's huge win and dramatic qualification for the playoffs , Anton was gracious enough to agree ( in English ) to an interview with a guy that asked for the interview using Google translate .
To eliminate any language barrier and to bring a level of personality to an interview that a cell phone conversation cannot provide , our good friend Jimmy Hamrin , the intrepid Swedish blogger that follows Timrå , rain or shine , agreed to meet with Anton in Timrå to conduct the interview for The Copper & Blue .
I cannot thank Jimmy enough for translating my questions into Swedish and translating Anton 's answers back into English - C&B is forever indebted to Jimmy for his work .
After the jump is our conversation , through Jimmy , with Anton Lander .
C&B : The World Junior Championships were a disappointment for Sweden ...
Anton Lander : I 'll have to agree .
We had a great team and were pretty cocky before the tournament so a bronze is definitely a failure .
But it 's also mixed feelings since a medal is always a medal .
C&B : ... but you personally had an excellent tournament
Lander : I 'm satisfied .
Our line ( with Silfverberg and Rodin ) had a defensive role and were told to check hard and create powerplay for the top lines .
With that in mind I have to say that we did a good tournament .
C&B : You were revealed as the true leader of the team and this season , you 've been an assistant captain for Timra .
Does that sort of leadership come naturally to you , or do you work on that aspect of your game and personality ?
Lander : Naturally I guess .
It 's not something I 've strived for .
Maybe it 's because I have a younger brother who I 've been taking care of this comes natural for me .
I 'm comfortable in that role too .
C&B : Did you know Kent Nilsson prior to being drafted by the Oilers ?
Lander :
No , I did n't know him personally but I knew who he was as a player of course .
C&B : Did he give you any hints that the Oilers might have been interested in you ?
Lander : Well , Magnus ( Pääjärvi ) hinted that they would probably take me in the second round if I was still available .
C&B : Are you a vocal teammate , or do you tend to lead by example ?
Lander : I 'm not the kind of guy who yells in the locker room .
I want to lead with spirit on the ice instead .
C&B : Which player (s ) do you look up to ?
Lander : Without a doubt , Henrik Zetterberg !
I love his way of playing and I 've looked at him a lot .
I want to be the type of player he is .
He 's great at both ends of the ice and he get 's to play in every situation for his team .
C&B : You 're almost always mentioned in the same breath as Paajarvi in the Edmonton media , what sort of relationship do you have with him ?
Lander :
We 've played a lot together in Timra and with the junior national teams so we know each other well .
We 're good friends and can talk about almost everything .
But we do n't spend that much time together off the ice when we 're home .
C&B : Are you willing to come to North America and play in Oklahoma City in the AHL , or are you intent on moving from the SEL to the NHL ?
Lander :
That 's a tough question .
It depends what Edmonton wants to do .
Most importantly I want to feel ready before I 'll go , IF I 'll go .
People in North America sometimes seems to take for granted that you want to go at all costs .
C&B : Do you have any concerns in transitioning to the North American game ?
Lander : I like the smaller rinks and I would want to se them change the rinks in Europe to the North American size .
The higher tempo and the more intensive game is more fun to play .
I also think that the WJC is proof of me handling that kind of hockey .
C&B : How much weight would Paajarvi 's decision have in influencing your decision on where to play ?
Lander :
We 're two different persons and we have different type of playing .
I 'll go when I 'm ready and he should go when he 's ready .
C&B : Which part of your game needs the most work and how are you improving ?
Lander :
The skating is my biggest weakness and something I really need to improve and you can improve that area in so many ways .
Strength , elasticity , endurance , technique , quickness etc etc .
Here in Sweden we 've more team - coordinated training than in North America so I do n't have like a individual program or something to follow during the season .
C&B : Have the Oilers ’ organization been in contact with you and do they provide any insight on how they feel about your progress ?
Lander : I met Tambellini during the WJC and he said that they were happy with my progress so far .
But during the season I have n't had any direct contact with them .
My focus is with Timra .
C&B : Are you able to follow the Oilers ?
Lander :
They do n't show that many Oiler - games on Swedish TV since there 's no big Swedish stars on the team and the time - differential is huge .
But I follow scores and highlights on nhl.com .
C&B : Are you strong in the faceoff circle ?
Lander : I 'm okay .
I 'm learning more and more .
It 's a huge difference to faceoff in the SEL against grown men than at how it was at the WJC .
I believe that the strength is very important .
C&B : Why do you wear # 51 ?
Lander : I grew up on the same street as a guy named Mikael Nyberg who 's five years older than me .
He wore that number in the junior team in Timra .
He was the biggest star on our street .
When I made the U18 - team in Timra the number was a available so I took it .
C&B : Do you have a nickname ?
Lander : Lampan
( The lamp ) or Landy .
C&B : What 's your opinion on your season , so far ?
Lander : I started okay .
I got a lot of confidence from the coaches .
The WJC was big for me but also a total letdown and I slumped after that tournament .
But the Olympic break was good for me and I have been getting better and better after that .
Totally maybe my offensive game have n't been as I 've hoped and I do n't think it 's acceptable to have a minus in the plus - minus column .
For more from Anton Lander on his time with Timrå , please visit Jimmy 's blog .
Some additional bits from Jimmy 's interview :
Jimmy : First , I must just say that there is much talk of Anton 's leadership skills and maturity for his age .
His juniors teammates called him " our Joe Sakic " for example .
Jimmy :
He sat down and shook my hand and asked what I had and went and bought it .
He showed a genuine appreciation towards me and acted genuinely interested in me as a person .
It was almost like it was his pleasure to meet me and not vice versa .
It is difficult to accept but it feels like he has the ability to make others feel important around him .
Jimmy :
Are you a bad loser ?
Lander : Yes , in everything .
Even when I play video games with my brother or whatever .
I must win !
And , as Jimmy did , I leave you with Anton 's favorite song :
A senior Senate Democrat said Thursday the Pentagon should consider barring Blackwater , now called Xe Services , from a new $ 1 billion deal to train Afghan police because of “ serious questions ” about the contractor ’s conduct .
The comments by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin suggests thinning patience in Congress for the Pentagon ’s heavy reliance on contractors on the battlefield .
ADVERTISEMENT
U.S. efforts to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan using independent contractors has been a boon for companies like Blackwater and saved money and time for the Defense Department , whose forces are busy in combat .
But the outsourcing has made it more difficult for military commanders to control what happens on the battlefield .
In one recent incident in Afghanistan , two contractors tied to Blackwater allegedly killed two Afghan civilians and injured a third .
U.S. officials say the May 2009 shooting damaged relations with the local population
“ The inadequacies in Blackwater ’s performance appear to have contributed to a shooting incident that has undermined our mission in Afghanistan , ” Levin , D - Mich . , wrote in a letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
Blackwater , headquartered in Myock , N.C. , changed its name to Xe Services after its security guards were accused of killing unarmed Iraqi civilians more than two years ago .
ADVERTISEMENT
Mark Corallo , a company spokesman , said Xe Services agrees with Levin that the Pentagon should carefully review its past performance when deciding future contracts .
“ We are confident that Xe ’s record of service in training thousands of security personnel in Afghanistan demonstrates the companys strong record of supporting critical U.S. government initiatives in Afghanistan , which are essential to advancing the United States national interest , ” he said in an e-mailed statement .
Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said Thursday he knew of no effort under way to ban Xe Services from contracting with the military .
Until then , the company would be legally allowed to submit a bid , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a separate letter to Attorney General Eric Holder , Levin called for a Justice Department investigation into whether Blackwater officials duped the Army into awarding a separate $ 25 million contract to train Afghan police by creating a shell subcontractor called Paravant .
Levin alleges that company officials boasted to the Army of its large presence overseas and several years of experience without mention of the Blackwater name or that the State Department had dumped the contractor in 2009 after saying it had lost confidence in its management .
ADVERTISEMENT
Corallo said the contracting officials were aware that Paravant was a Blackwater subsidiary .
Xe is among five companies eligible to compete for a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghanistan ’s national police force .
DynCorp International of Falls Church , Va. , had held a large contract for such training since 2003 .
But a decision to transfer control of the program from the State Department to the military is ending DynCorp ’s run and opening a major opportunity for Xe .
ADVERTISEMENT
Xe has been shifting its work to training , aviation and logistics after the September 2007 incident at Nisoor Square in Baghdad .
Its security guards were accused of killing 17 unarmed Iraqi civilians .
Nashville , Tenn .
' I absolutely know that in anybody 's eyes I was a traitor , " says Mosab Hassan Yousef .
" To my family , to my nation , to my God .
I crossed all the red lines in my society .
I did n't leave one that I did n't cross . "
Now 32 , Mosab is the son of Sheikh Hassan Yousef , a founder and leader of the Palestinian terrorist group Hamas .
Throughout ...
Introduction
This is an essay about elementary arithmetic with integers .
In other words , it talks about the basic math operations that we learned in school and routinely use in daily life , such as counting and addition .
You must be wondering how this can be an interesting subject .
The answer is that we will discuss these matters in the context of a specific engineering discipline : digital design using hardware description languages ( HDLs ) .
As we shall discover , describing arithmetic in mainstream HDLs , such as Verilog and VHDL , is anything but simple .
It is in fact complicated and confusing .
Usually , the complexity of arithmetic in HDL - based design is taken for granted .
Engineers seem to think that the complexity is a natural byproduct of hardware descriptions .
This essay defends the thesis that the complexity is neither useful nor unavoidable .
It shows what is wrong with the traditional approach , and proposes a better one .
Perspective
Since ancient times , natural numbers have been used to represent the size of a set of items .
Techniques were developed to keep track of set sizes in various applications .
This is what we call arithmetic .
The most straightforward way to determine the size of a set is by counting the items .
This is a process of repeatedly incrementing a number until all of the items have been addressed .
When the sizes of two subsets are known , a more efficient direct method is available ; addition .
Some applications require the inverse operations ; counting down or subtraction .
At some point , people realized that certain problems become easier to solve by introducing a more abstract number type into arithmetic ; the negative numbers .
Together with zero and the natural numbers , these form the integers .
Of course , the history of arithmetic did not stop with integers , but this brief overview is sufficient for our purposes .
In this essay , we are discussing HDL code that can be synthesized into a hardware implementation .
Synthesis puts significant constraints on the kind of code that can be written .
In particular , arithmetic is limited to integer arithmetic .
A natural consequence of the synthesis limitations is that integer arithmetic is omnipresent in HDL - based design .
To make a problem suitable for implementation , it is often transformed and simplified so that integer arithmetic can be employed .
Hardware designers talk about counters , incrementers , decrementers , adders and subtracters , which are all hardware implementations of basic integer arithmetic operators .
Because of its importance , one would expect that describing integer arithmetic in HDLs is elegant and straightforward .
The reality is rather disappointing .
Integer arithmetic in Verilog and VHDL
A demonstrator example
I will explain my viewpoint by using a simple example of integer addition .
Suppose we add two numbers , a and b , where a is a positive integer between 0 and 7 and b is an integer between - 8 and 7 .
The result c is therefore an integer between - 8 and 14 .
The goal is to write synthesizable HDL code that adds a to b and assigns the result to c .
Then we can use an HDL simulator to check the result for certain input values .
For example , when a == 7 and b == - 2 , we expect the following result :
7 + - 2 = 5
Verilog
In a Verilog description , the first task is to declare the objects :
reg [ 2 : 0 ] a ; reg signed [ 3 : 0 ] b ; reg signed [ 4 : 0 ] c ;
Note that we use the minimal bit widths required to represent the range of possible values .
Furthermore , note that reg a is unsigned , which is the default in Verilog , while regs b and c are signed because they need to be able to represent negative values .
Ideally , we would like to calculate the addition , somewhere in the code , as follows :
c <= a + b
With some additional test - bench code , we can use a Verilog simulator to check the result .
Doing this with the values mentioned earlier gives :
7 + - 2 = - 11
You read that correctly ; your Verilog simulator tells you that the result is - 11 instead of 5 .
At this point , a Verilog guru might feel an irresistible urge to explain this result .
Actually , though the rules are awkward , even I could explain it to you , but I wo n't .
Explaining this would be beside the point , which is that this is not how integers are supposed to behave .
Beyond explanations , Verilog die - hards might insist that nothing is wrong here .
They might argue that this is simply how Verilog signed and unsigned regs behave .
We should just learn the rules and deal with them .
In my opinion , that is a rather weak argument .
It suggests that these Verilog objects are not really intended to represent integers , but rather some obscure type with bizarre behavior .
I do not see how this can be justified .
To fix the problem , we need to change the assignment as follows :
c <= $ signed ( { 1 ' b0 , a } ) + b ;
We need explicitly to cast a to signed , after extending it with a sign bit .
In other words , Verilog requires us to deal with the representation explicitly in order to get the abstract behavior right .
This is the main point of my critique ; this should not be the case .
These types of bookkeeping operations can and should be conducted by a tool .
In fact , tools are much better at these operations than are humans .
Why does Verilog behave in this way ?
Some people might tell you that the reason is a backward compatibility .
The argument goes as follows .
Originally , Verilog did not have signed regs , and therefore did not take them into account .
Some choices that were appropriate at the time caused issues later , when signed support was introduced .
Personally , I am not convinced by this analysis .
Even early versions of the Verilog language had a type that could represent negative values , appropriately called integer .
Therefore , the issues should have been clear from the start .
In my opinion , integer arithmetic in Verilog is broken because of a flaw in the language ’s design .
VHDL with signed and unsigned types
Let us now turn our attention to VHDL .
When describing integer arithmetic in synthesizable code , designers typically use the signed and unsigned types from a package called IEEE.numeric_std .
With these types , the VHDL declarations for our example are as follows :
signal a : unsigned ( 2 downto 0 ) ; signal b : signed ( 3 downto 0 ) ; signal c : signed ( 4 downto 0 ) ;
Ideally , we would like to calculate the addition by using an assignment as follows :
c <= a + b ;
However , your VHDL analyzer will give you an error message similar to the following :
test1.vhd:24:10 : no function declarations for operator " + " ghdl : compilation error .
So this does not even pass analysis .
Basically , what this tells us is that you simply cannot add an unsigned to a signed object .
To make things work we have to fix the assignment by using some manual interventions :
c <= signed ( resize ( a , 5 ) ) + b ;
If you ask me , this is downright ugly .
As in Verilog , we have to cast a to signed after zero -extending it .
However , extending it by using a single sign bit is not enough .
Instead , we have to resize a to a bit width of 5 , so that the result of the addition has a bit width equal to the bit width of c .
In general , you will find that the use of the signed and unsigned types leads to excessive resizing and type casting .
Some VHDL adepts may suggest that this is a natural consequence of VHDL 's strong typing .
As I am a big fan of strong typing , let me very clearly point out that this argument is false .
There is no fundamental reason to attribute excessive resizing and type casting to strong typing .
Rather , it is a symptom that indicates that the wrong types were used to begin with .
There has to be a better way .
Interestingly , VHDL itself shows it .
This is the subject of the next section .
VHDL with integer subtypes
The VHDL language contains the beautiful concept of the integer subtype , which is basically an integer with constraints on its minimum and maximum values .
With integer subtypes , our declarations become :
signal a : integer range 0 to 7 ; signal b : integer range - 8 to 7 ; signal c : integer range - 8 to 14 ;
There are a few things to note here .
First , these declarations express our original problem in a much clearer way than do the earlier methods based on bit widths .
Second , the constraints serve two purposes : a simulator can check them at run time to assist in debugging , and a synthesis tool can use them to infer the bit width with which to represent the objects .
Most importantly , our initial simple assignment works as is :
c <= a + b ;
Now we get the result we want without resizing and type casting , while the code still fully benefits from the advantages of strong typing .
Of course , a tool such as a synthesizer has no difficulty in working out the representation details for implementation .
Therefore , things are exactly how we want them to be .
If this were all that there was to it , we could claim that VHDL was superior to Verilog on this matter , and we could recommend the general usage of integer subtypes .
Indeed , I believe that integer subtypes are underutilized and that they should be used whenever possible .
Unfortunately , there is one major obstacle that prevents them from providing a general solution .
The obstacle is that the VHDL integer type itself , which is the base type of integer subtypes , has impractically small constraints on its minimum and maximum values .
Although the standard defines them as minimal constraints that an implementation might relax , for portability reasons they are hard constraints in practice .
As a result , VHDL integers cannot represent bit widths beyond 32 bits .
Of course , it is not hard to understand where the 32 bit limit comes from .
However , from a hardware designer 's point of view , it is arbitrary and much too low .
Why should a bit width that is popular for computer architectures restrict a hardware designer ’s expressiveness ?
In one sense , I believe the VHDL case is more frustrating than is the Verilog case .
Verilog had it fundamentally wrong from the start , while VHDL had a great solution within close reach .
By failing to clear the final hurdle , it left designers with a cumbersome , low - level solution that resulted in a lot of wasted energy and ugly code .
Analysis
My main criticism of the Verilog and VHDL approaches is that in order to describe arithmetic we are forced to deal explicitly with integer representation issues .
Of course , it is not only the HDL language developers who are to blame .
This situation would not persist without the widespread support of the designer community .
It is clear that hardware designers need a deep understanding of bit- oriented tasks , and that HDLs offer strong support for these .
However , some designers prefer a bit - oriented approach , even when it is clearly suboptimal , as in the case of integer arithmetic .
As a general observation , some designers still misunderstand or distrust the capabilities of synthesis tools .
Even if you agree with my analysis , you might still be skeptical .
After all , merely pointing out problems with mainstream methodologies does not prove that a viable alternative solution exists .
Therefore , it is time to go to the next stage .
Not only do I believe that I know the solution , I believe that I have also implemented it .
I am the author of MyHDL , a Python package that turns Python into an HDL .
Of course , MyHDL implements integer arithmetic according to my viewpoints .
We will see how it works in the next section .
Integer arithmetic in MyHDL
In MyHDL , the objects for our example are constructed as follows :
a = Signal ( intbv ( 0 , min = 0 , max = 8 ) ) b = Signal ( intbv ( 0 , min =- 8 , max = 8 ) ) c = Signal ( intbv ( 0 , min =- 8 , max = 15 ) )
With this code , we are constructing signals of intbv objects .
The intbv class implements the desirable features , so let 's discuss it in detail .
For arithmetic , intbv works in exactly the same way as Python 's native integer type , int .
However , it has a number of additional features that make it useful for hardware design .
As with VHDL integer subtypes , it is possible to constrain its values to a range .
Moreover , intbv provides an indexing and slicing interface to access the bits of the underlying two 's complement representation .
The crucial difference between the intbv and the VHDL integer is that there are no artificial limits on its minimum and maximum values .
The reason is that Python 's int is designed to model the mathematical integer , with unbound minimum and maximum values .
This makes it fully intuitive to use .
In contrast , integer - like types in other computer languages often reflect the underlying computer architecture and its limitations .
They may be easy to understand by compilers , but not necessarily by users .
I consider the intbv to be an all - in - one hardware designer 's dream type .
For integer arithmetic , it can be used at a high level without the restrictions of the VHDL integer subtype .
If you need bit vector features , such a indexing , slicing or defining a bit width explicitly , that is also possible with the same type .
The signal assignment in MyHDL is as follows :
c . next = a + b
This , of course , gives the expected simulation result .
Moreover , implementation - oriented MyHDL code can be converted to Verilog and VHDL automatically .
The convertor will generate the required sign extensions , resizings and type castings .
It therefore automates this tedious and error - prone bookkeeping task for you .
The MyHDL solution can serve as a prototype for other HDLs .
In particular , the definition of VHDL 's integer could be changed so that its range becomes unbound instead of implementation - defined .
Elaborated designs would always use integer subtypes with a defined range , but these would now be able to represent integers with arbitrarily large values .
Conclusion
When writing synthesizable HDL code , integer arithmetic is omnipresent .
However , with Verilog and VHDL , the descriptions are often complicated and confusing .
I have shown that there is a better way .
The solution is based on a type that closely models the mathematical integer .
By using MyHDL , designers can take advantage of it today .
Epilogue
These ints are made for countin '
and that 's just what they 'll do
one of these days ...
Or so I hope .
It 's terror check chaos as dozens miss US flights
Controversial anti-terrorist restrictions imposed on Britons travelling to the US have led to scores of people missing their flights since they were introduced six weeks ago .
The Electronic System for Travel Authorization ( ESTA ) requires all passengers without a visa to complete an online application form before they leave for America .
The form should be completed three days before travelling – but airlines flying to America , including British Airways and Virgin Atlantic , report that some passengers are still turning up for flights without having filled one in .
A senior BA manager said : ‘ Those who “ forget ” run the risk of not travelling .
Staff may be able to help to complete it at the airport , but passengers run the risk of not getting the approval back from the US authorities before the departure .
Controversial anti-terrorist restrictions imposed on Britons travelling to the US have led to scores of people missing their flights
‘ If they do not , they will not travel .
There have been many cases where this has happened . ’
Passengers without the ESTA can attempt to apply at airport internet cafes in the hope that their application will be approved in time to make their flight .
A spokesman for Virgin Atlantic said : ‘ We are getting around a dozen of these problems every day .
Some people are not aware that completing these forms is a requirement rather than voluntary . ’
Most airlines and travel agents alert passengers to the new ESTA requirements when they buy their tickets , but the onus is on the traveller to complete the application on the US Department of Homeland Security ’s website .
The process is free but the US will soon begin charging up to $ 17 ( £ 11.24 ) per person – adding almost £ 60 to the cost of a trip to the US for a family of five .
All passengers have to give the authorities their name , address and passport details and reveal if they have had
any sexually transmitted diseases , including gonorrhea and syphilis .
They are also asked for details of any serious mental illness they have suffered and about drug abuse and criminal convictions .
But US citizens flying to Britain do not have to complete similar travel documents , apart from filling in a normal landing card , as every non-EU citizen has to do .
A spokesman for ABTA , the travel agents ’ association , said : ‘ The onus is on passengers to ensure they get this approval .
‘ We would also encourage people travelling to the US over the next couple of years to get their ESTA now before they have to start paying . ’
So , on one level , the Greek crisis is an opportunity to implement a long - needed fix .
No doubt , some of the most ardent believers in the European project are rubbing their hands in anticipation .
But none of the decent solutions is viable .
The political fears that ruled out the creation of an EMF are still there ;
France in particular is opposed to stronger outside oversight of its economy .
Angela Merkel , Germany 's chancellor , says an EMF could be a good idea , but she also says it would need a new treaty .
This enables her to back an idea she knows full well will never fly .
Government researchers have discovered the first genes linked to stuttering -- a complex of three mutated genes that may be responsible for one in every 11 stuttering cases , especially in people of Asian descent .
Studies of stuttering in both families and twins had long suggested that stuttering has a significant genetic component .
But until now , scientists had not been able to identify specific genes that might cause the disorder .
The finding is important , experts said , because it shows that stuttering , which affects as many as 1 % of all adults worldwide , is biological in origin and not the result of poor parenting , emotional distress or other nebulous factors that many physicians have cited as causes .
“ We hear every day from parents worried that they have caused their child ’s stuttering , ” Jane Fraser , president of the Stuttering Foundation , said in a statement .
“ Parents do n’t cause stuttering , and this research could lift the burden of guilt from their shoulders . ”
Surprisingly , the newly identified genes play a role in clearing metabolic wastes out of brain cells , and when a person has two mutated copies of them , they cause a lethal disease .
Down the road , the research could help identify children who are likely to develop stuttering problems , allowing early initiation of treatments that can minimize or eliminate the problem .
Even further in the future , it could lead to new treatments to overcome the biological underpinnings of the disorder .
But those goals are still far away .
“ The task of connecting the dots between genes and stuttering is just beginning , ” wrote geneticist Simon E. Fisher of Oxford University in an editorial accompanying the report in the New England Journal of Medicine .
Stuttering is marked by the involuntary repetition or prolongation of sounds , syllables , words or phrases , as well as frequent pauses , impeding the fluency of speech .
An estimated 5 % of children develop stuttering between the ages of 3 and 6 , but most either grow out of it or are successfully treated .
The problems can be exacerbated by stress and anxiety , but most researchers now believe that those are not the underlying causes .
Researchers estimate that about 50 % to 70 % of stuttering is genetic in origin , so there must be many other genes that play a role .
The lead author of the study , geneticist Dennis Drayna of the National Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders , speculated that it might eventually be possible to screen at - risk children for the presence of the genes so that therapy can be initiated earlier .
thomas.maugh
@latimes.com
Capitalism : A Good Word For A Bad Thing
The Freeman editor Sheldon Richman , speaking at George Mason University , raised the question of just what mainstream libertarians mean when they call a country “ capitalist . ”
What qualifies a country as “ capitalist ” ?
A lot of countries with relatively low indices of economic freedom ( including those ranked as “ mostly unfree ” ) are conventionally regarded as “ capitalist , ” and referred to as such in neoliberal agitprop comparing them favorably to non-capitalist countries like Cuba .
And the talking heads at CNBC and scribblers in the business press commonly refer to “ our capitalist system , ” even though it ’s does n’t even remotely approximate a free market .
So in common usage , among establishment libertarians and what passes for mainstream “ free market ” wonks , any country that has n’t adopted Marxian socialism as its official ideology is “ capitalist . ”
Based on these observations , Richman concludes that “ capitalism ” in practice “ designates a system in which the means of production are de jure privately owned . ”
Interestingly , Murray Rothbard relates an anecdote in which Ludwig von Mises made that distinction , or something very like it , explicit .
He asked Mises : Given that there ’s such a range of possible degrees of statism , from total statism to a totally free market , and given that no country approaches either absolute , what do you regard as the defining characteristic that divides essentially capitalist from essentially non-capitalist societies ?
Mises ’ response : the existence of a stock market .
A society with a market for capital goods is essentially capitalist .
As I have pointed out in the past–a point Richman refers to in his address–it is rather odd that “ capitalism ” was adopted as the conventional term for a society based on private property and free exchange .
There ’s no obvious reason , in seeking a name for an economy in which all factors of production are ostensibly equal and enter into free contract as equals , that capital should be singled in particular out for special emphasis .
The choice of “ capitalism ” suggests some special ideological agenda , as if the system were run of , by and for capital as distinguished from other factors of production .
The unstated assumption embodied in calling a country “ economically unfree ” and yet capitalist , is this : an economically unfree country only ceases to be capitalist when the lack of economic freedom interferes with the ability of rich people to become richer from returns on land and capital .
So long as the lack of economic freedom primarily limits the freedom of the poor to escape poverty , but the rich are able to enrich themselves on the pattern of UFC in Guatemala or Jack Abramoff ’s clients in the Marianas Islands , it ’s got the Good Housekeeping capitalist seal of approval .
Mises answer to Rothbard above–aside from confusing a “ market for capital goods ” with a market for equity in firms–implies that , no matter how economically unfree , a country in which most business enterprise is absentee - owned by the owners of concentrated wealth , and most labor is hired for wages by such absentee owners , passes muster as “ capitalist . ”
Presumably a country in which wealth was so widely distributed , and self - employment and cooperative ownership were such primary forms of social organization that stock trading was marginal in importance , would fall on the “ socialist ” side of Mises line–even if there were no regulatory constraints whatsoever on market exchange and the free movement of prices .
This is a very telling set of priorities : “ capitalism , ” as opposed to “ socialism , ” is not defined by the degree of economic freedom as such ; it ’s defined by a particular institutional structure which is disproportionately to the benefit of a particular class of market actors .
As evidence that some forms of unfreedom matter more than others , consider the proclivity of some right - wingers for saying “ Pinochet ’s political authoritarianism was lamentable , but at least he made Chile more free economically . ”
Never mind “ minor ” issues like whether reversing a land reform and returning land from the people who worked it to a landed oligarchy was a step toward “ economic freedom . ”
Just consider Pinochet ’s authortarian suppression of the labor movement : had it been the owners of capital , and not the sellers of labor - power , who had been tortured and disappeared , or found in ditches with their faces hacked off , I doubt they would have said the same thing .
It ’s an odd distinction to treat repression of the owners of one factor of production as economic , but of the owners of another factor as only “ political . ”
This assumption underlies most mainstream “ free market ” commentary in the business press and business news channels : even when they explictly refer to “ our free market system ” in so many words , they really mean a system in which most business enterprise is nominally “ private . ”
No matter how statist a system of regulations is in effect , so long as they ’re exercised primarily through “ private ” actors , and most money passes through the hands of such “ private ” actors rather than the U.S.
Treasury , it ’s a “ free market ” system .
Hence , the kind of “ free market ” agenda you see at places like Heritage and the Adam Smith Institute for “ privatizing ” government functions by contracting them out to “ private businesses , ” even when those businesses are guaranteed a profit at taxpayer expense .
And by the way , those who object to all this as a form of semantic gamesmanship should remember that Mises and Rand were responsible , from the 1920s on , for the deliberate rehabilitation of “ capitalism ” as a term of pro-market apologetics .
Before Mises ’ time , “ capitalism ” was used by mainstream political economists to describe the actual system of political economy they lived under–i.e. , historic capitalism .
“ Capitalism , ” simply put , is the most honest term for the unfree market we live under .
It ’s a system of , by and for the owners of capital ; so long as it retains that primary characteristic , it ’s “ capitalist , ” no matter how unfree the market .
Translations for this article :
Autechre have recorded our 122nd exclusive FACT mix .
Autechre .
Do we really need to explain who they are ?
For those who need reminding : Rob Brown and Sean Booth are among electronic music ’s most important yet elusive characters , two b- boys from the north - west of England who have been stretching their formative loves – hip - hop , electro and early house music – into ever more abstract and otherworldly climes , beginning with the 1991 single ‘ Cavity Job ’ .
The duo joined the Warp Records family in ’ 92 , contributing two show - stealing tracks to the label ’s seminal “ electronic listening music ” compilation , Artificial Intelligence , before delivering their own shockingly original debut full - length , Incunabula .
That album took familiar dance music tropes – breaks derived from electro , gloopy synth textures from Chicago acid – and modelled them into totally fresh configurations , adding a very British industrial burnish and post - rave melancholy to the mix .
If the three albums that came next – the masterful Amber ( 1994 ) , Tri Repetae ( 1995 ) and Chiastic Slide ( 1997 ) – found the group evolving at a steady pace , ’98 ’s LP5 and 2001 ’s Confield represented a quantum leap .
Autechre ’s music by this point had become more akin to sound - art , a ( paradoxically ) busy electronic minimalism that took the deconstruction of the breakbeat to vociferously scientific extremes .
It ’s true that much of Autechre ’s noughties work alienated those drawn to the broader techno - romanticism of their early records , with Draft 7.30 ( 2003 ) and Untilted ( 2005 ) scaring many off for good , but their most recent full - length – 2008 ’s Quaristice – was almost unanimously acclaimed , and deservedly so .
Sure , it was still an intimidating work , but one of often great beauty and three - dimensional complexity , the kind of album you could listen to for years and never fully fathom .
It was as if the future had almost – but not quite – caught up with Autechre .
Next month , March 22 to be precise , Quaristice ‘s eagerly awaited follow - up , Oversteps , is due to be released through Warp , and early whispers are already proclaiming it to be among the very best of Autechre ’s career .
Of course , there ’s more to Autechre than their albums – a vast array of singles , EPs , remixes and collaborative projects that fill in the gaps in the narrative .
In 2003 they curated the fourth edition of ATP , selecting the best line - up in the festival ’s history : Anthony ‘ Shake ’ Shakir , Public Enemy , Jim O’Rourke , Coil , Bernard Parmegiani , LFO , The Fall , Sunn O ) ) ) were among the artists who performed .
As a live entity themselves , Autechre are one of the most intense and transporting you will ever encounter ; it ’s face - to - face , in the flesh , that their sound really comes alive .
To coincide with the release of Oversteps , Autechre are embarking on a tour that culminates with a headline performance at the 2010 Bloc Weekend , taking place at Butlin ’s in Minehead , UK on March 12 - 14 .
You ought to be there .
And so here it is .
Autechre ’s FACT mix .
Rob and Sean – who we interviewed in - depth in 2008 – have declined to talk about the mix itself , telling us that “ it ’s just some tunes [ they ] like ” .
No tracklist either , so spotters , please do you worst .
What we can tell you is that the mix is an unpredictable , kaleidoscopic affair , rooted in sinuous leftfield hip - hop but with bursts of tremulous ambient electronics , techno , hectic breakbeats and , at one particularly memorable point , metal .
We need n’t tell you how rare recorded DJ - mixes from Autechre are , so please , do n’t sleep on this .
Autechre perform at Bloc Weekend , March 12 - 14 .
More info and tickets here .
" It is perhaps not sensible to draw attention to oneself by driving a Jaguar and living in a big house , making an ostentatious display of one 's wealth in a poor and damaged region like Charleroi , " said the judge .
Hydro
Thunder provided gamers with many hours of arcade entertainment back in the day .
I can still remember the air blowing from the arcade machines like it was yesterday .
The console versions of Hydro Thunder did n’t come with blowing air , but the game was still fun .
Now gamers will be able to relive some of that fun this summer when Hydro Thunder makes it return on XBLA .
Dubbed Hydro Thunder Hurricane , this latest entry in the series will have eight new levels , new modes , four player offline multiplayer , and eight player online multiplayer .
Check out this debut trailer to see a little of what the game has to offer .
Share this :
Tweet
Madden Who ?
Tecmo Bowl Returns
by Kevin [ Wednesday , 3rd of March 2010 - 01:52 PM ]
As the press release proudly proclaims , " Tecmo Bowl fans no longer have to reminisce about the old days as players can return to the first video game that emulated real football with new generation consoles , twenty years after its release .
As a game that still holds a strong community following , online community tournaments can now be held nationwide at the comfort of home .
TECMO BOWL THROWBACK brings back the gameplay you loved , and stays true to the Tecmo Super Bowl legacy ! "
The use of all caps suggest that Tecmo is deadly serious about the amount of fun crammed into this title .
Features of the game include :
Online Multiplayer : Find your old buddies online and challenge them to matches just like back in the day
2D + 3D Graphics : Experience all new 3D graphics with the ability to switch to the classic 2D style !
Customizable Teams and Rosters : Play as any of the 32 teams with customizable team names and rosters in full seasons
Online Leaderboards : Compare your stats in a wide array of online leaderboards
Classic Game Modes : Battle it out with your friends and kick off a game in Preseason , Season or Pro Bowl modes
I , personally , would enjoy a " Throwback Blow - back " Achievement : simulating the cartridge becoming dirty and the game freezing and then initializing a quick button pressing sequence to restore the game .
Additionally , the possibility to create team names could certainly lend itself to some obscene football championship teams , so there 's a bonus .
For the time being however , Tecmo Bowl Throwback is rated E for Everyone with Mild Suggestive Themes .
One does wonder if some random Dead or Alive characters will make an appearance ... and the accompanying , er , physics for the cheerleaders .
Like just about everyone else , we 've written our own suite of tools to help with building complex content management systems in Django here at Caktus .
We reviewed a number of the existing CMSes out there , but in almost every case the navigation and page structure were so tightly coupled the system broke down when it came time to add additional , non-CMS pages .
We wrote a few little apps , django - pagelets , django - treenav , and django - crumbs , each of which manages different pieces of content ( little snippets of content , full CMS pages , navigation , and breadcrumbs ) .
All of the apps are available for free under an open source license on Google Code .
Decoupling was a great move for us , and the ability to plug and play any single part of the system is a huge benefit .
Sometimes , however , the completely decoupled architecture was a bit of a pain :
If we did n't provide a link from the pagelets app to the treenav app , how would it be possible to edit a page 's corresponding navigation item on its change form in the Django admin interface ?
Enter Generic Relations .
Using Django 's content types framework , it 's possible to create admin inlines for generic relations with just a few simple lines of code .
In this case , I 'll show how we allowed users to edit a page 's corresponding navigation item in django - pagelets without requiring everyone ( i.e. , those who do n't need it ) to install django - treenav .
First , define the generic inline in the admin.py file of the app that contains the model you want to link to :
from django.contrib.contenttypes import generic class GenericMenuItemInline ( generic . GenericStackedInline ) : " " " Add this inline to your admin class to support editing related menu items from that model 's admin page . " " " max_num = 1 model = treenav .
MenuItem
Then , inside the Admin class for the related model in question , dynamically import and add GenericMenuItemInline to the admin 's list of inlines based on whether or not it's in the project 's INSTALLED_APPS :
from django.conf import settings class PageAdmin ( admin .
ModelAdmin ) : # ... inlines = [ MyOtherInline ] if ' treenav ' in settings .
INSTALLED_APPS : from treenav.admin import GenericMenuItemInline inlines .
insert ( 0 , GenericMenuItemInline )
For more information , see the corresponding pagelets admin.py and treenav admin.py .
Thanks for reading and do n't hesitate to post comments if you have any questions !
Matt Smith is the youngest actor to take on the role
The new Doctor
Who will be introduced to fans across the UK later this month as a tour gets under way showcasing the first episode of the upcoming series .
The 11th doctor , Matt Smith , and his companion , Karen Gillan , will travel around the UK on a tour bus as part of a BBC Outreach programme .
The tour will target hard - to - reach communities relatively underserved by the BBC .
The locations are Belfast , Inverness , Sunderland , Salford and Northampton .
The first stop is Belfast on 29 March , with the tour winding up in Salford on 31 March .
3D trailer
Each location will also host a regional premiere of episode one , The Eleventh Hour , for local children .
" This is a great opportunity for the new doctor and his companion to interface directly with the people who matter most to Doctor Who : the fans , " said Piers Wenger , executive producer and head of drama at BBC Wales .
Following the tour , the BBC will also hold events on big screens for Doctor Who fans in London , Manchester , Edinburgh , Plymouth and Swansea .
Fans will also be shown a 3D Doctor Who trailer .
The new series will start on BBC One at Easter .
Bigelow Aerospace Position Opening : Astronaut
Status Report From : Bigelow Aerospace
Posted : Saturday , March 13 , 2010
Location : 1899 W. Brooks Avenue , North Las Vegas , NV 89032
Employee Type : Full - Time
Industry : Defense - Aerospace Airline - Aviation Pharmaceutical
Manages Others : No
Job Type : Research Biotech Science
Education : 4 Year Degree
Experience : 10 to greater than 15 years
Post Date : 2/22/2010
Contact Information
Contact : Janice Barragan
Phone : 702-639-4440
Description
Bigelow Aerospace seeks professional astronauts to fill permanent positions .
Qualified applicants need to have completed a training program from their government or recognized space agency and have at least some flight experience on a recognized space mission .
Specialized training and / or experience ( ie : Medical , Payload Specialist , EVA , Pilot , etc. ) is not a pre-requisite , but is definitely a plus .
Possible opportunities will come in two areas :
1 ) Ground
- Working with Marketing Team to secure government and cooperate clients .
- Working with Design and Fabrication Teams to help optimize layout of systems for on - orbit serviceability and ergonomics .
- Working with Mission Control Team on final checkout of flight vehicles , both pre and post launch .
- Help Develop Astronaut training programs for Bigelow Aerospace Professional Astronaut Corps as well as Client Astronaut Corps .
- Work instructing in the Bigelow Astronaut Training Program
2 ) Flight
- Perform as Professional Astronaut aboard Bigelow Aerospace Station Complex
- Manage all onboard aspects of employee and customer astronaut personal safety
- Maintain the Station Complex as required ( mainly IVA , but some EVA as well )
- Help clients with payloads or experiments ( primarily with regards to integration into station 's systems and communications )
Bigelow Aerospace is a leader in the commercial space complex arena providing a Low Earth Orbital environment and necessary services to cooperate and governmental clients in support of space research and exploration .
Requirements
You may apply online at www.bigelowaerospace.com or fax your CV to 702-456-9404
// end //
More status reports and news releases or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Michael is an economist / strategist who has worked from Wall Street to Hong Kong primarily focusing on the U.S. and emerging markets .
He has also written several columns .
More
Mr Hollobone said the issue of burkas had to be " tackled "
An MP has called the wearing of burkas the religious equivalent of " going round with a paper bag over your head " .
In a parliamentary debate , Conservative MP Philip Hollobone said it was " offensive " for women to cut off face - to - face contact with other people .
The Kettering MP said he had " huge sympathy " with those who wanted a ban on face - covering veils in public .
None of the three large UK parties back a ban , with ministers saying it would not be " British " to bar them .
The UK Independence Party has called for an outright ban , saying the wearing of the burka is helping create a " divided society " .
Speaking in Parliament 's Westminster Hall , Mr Hollobone raised the controversial issue , saying it was at the " crude end " of the immigration argument .
' Ridiculous '
He said : " I have huge sympathy with those who say they want action against those who want to cover themselves up in public .
" How ridiculous would the House of Commons be if we all wore burkas ?
How would Mr Speaker ( John Bercow ) be able to identify which Member to call next ?
" It is the religious equivalent of going round with a paper bag over your head with two holes for the eyes .
" It is offensive in my view to want to cut yourself off from face - to - face contact or recognition with other members of the human race .
" I think we should certainly look at ways to tackle that issue . "
UKIP is the only party to argue for a total ban after the British National Party called for the burka to be prohibited in schools .
French row But Schools Secretary Ed Balls has said it is " not British " to tell people what to wear in the street , and accused UKIP of indulging in " unpleasant politics " .
Salma Yaqoob , leader of the anti-war Respect party , has also criticised the proposed ban , adding that there is a need to protect " freedom of speech , freedom of worship " .
In 2006 , cabinet minister Jack Straw angered Muslim groups after he said face veils were a " visible statement of separation and of difference " and suggested they could make community relations harder .
Last week French Prime Minister Francois Fillon asked the country 's highest court to help draft a law banning the full Islamic veil .
It follows a report in the French parliament which called for a ban on the burka and niqab , arguing that Muslim women who fully cover their heads and faces are mounting an " unacceptable " challenge to the country 's values .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The biggest challenge for someone inside China who wants to get around the Great Firewall is the teleological one : how do you search for information that is itself banned ?
Of necessity - because the Chinese government monitors internet use inside the country , and the data passing across the fibre - optic cables at three points where it goes international - such knowledge tends to spread by word of mouth .
For those who want to know what 's not accessible inside China , there 's whatblocked .com , which shows the present status of various sites and services .
Sometimes whole sites vanish .
" One day the site addresses just do n't resolve , " as a former Microsoft employee explained this week .
" And the next day they do . "
Today , the site suggests that Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Twitpic and Wikileaks are blocked ; the BBC and Wikipedia are " partially blocked " ; but Google News and Gmail are , at the moment , available .
Here are some of the ways Chinese surfers negotiate this online minefield :
• A proxy server looks , to the firewall , like an innocent , permitted server somewhere on the web .
But , on request , it will draw in any page or site from the web and deliver it to your computer .
This will not defeat the content filter – although one implementation , called elgooG , is a search engine interface that provides all its results spelt backwards , defeating filters .
• A VPN , or virtual private network , creates an encrypted tunnel between two points on the internet , say from a PC to a web server .
Because it is encrypted , it can not be sampled .
Where the connection surfaces , you can browse the internet untroubled .
Its weakness is that encrypted traffic may attract attention because it 's encrypted .
Such services are freely advertised and provided in China – banks and foreign manufacturers , for instance , would not work without them .
• Tor ( the onion router ) sets up a proxy server on the user 's computer then sends encrypted signals to other Tor routers around the web .
To the censors , it looks like more encrypted traffic .
• Haystack , originally intended to help Iranians protest after last year 's elections , is a free proxy - like system that hides the user 's traffic inside " a continuous stream of innocent - looking requests " .
It also uses encryption , so people can get at any site without drawing attention to themselves .
• Steganography .
The practice of embedding useful data in what looks like something irrelevant .
The text of a document can be broken into its constituent bytes , which are added to the pixels of an apparently innocent picture .
The effect is barely visible on the picture , but the recipient can extract it with the right software .
Effective for getting information out , but slow .
​ Prepare now for rising food costs and more empty grocery store shelves ahead this fall and winter ... ​learn how to ...
​ Survive The Coming
​ " Fall 2020 " Food Shortages ​ With ​​Food Preservation ​ Tips ... Tricks Techniques And Shortcuts ​ ​
​ And Learn Why Almost Everyone Is Wrong About How To Survive Any Food Shortage Or Food - Related Crisis !
From : Consumer Reporter
Thursday , 8:37 a.m .
*******************
If you have ever wanted to produce your own " cheaper than dirt " survival food ... this is going to be the most important message you will ever read .
Here is why :
There now exists a time - tested video course that reveals how to safely prepare and store foods in the event of a dangerous food crisis .
It 's designed for anyone who is frustrated with rising grocery prices and the very real possibility of empty shelves during the latter half of 2020 .
The success of the new videos has already encouraged hundreds of people who never thought they could preserve their own food to take action and finally start storing their emergency supply .
Corona - Crisis Creates Massive Food Supply Chain Disruptions And Shortages ​
It 's true , real food shortages and the threat of skyrocketing food prices ​ this fall are being predicted not only by self - reliance types and survivalists ... but by legislators , big banks and small farmers .
Perhaps we wo n't go through this again ...
But we are already going through ​some stuff .
People are hitting the food pantries pretty hard .
In fact ... some ​lines are miles long .
You 've probably seen some of the pictures .
Seems surreal in that the pics demonstrate an odd , out of whack situation where really expensive cars are in miles long lines to get a small amount of free food .
Here 's one such picture :
​ If it did happen again ... would the initial stages look like this ?
That 's a lot of cars and a lot of hungry people I suppose .
But the food pantries like the meat brokers are burning though current inventory .
When it 's gone , there will be issues reloading .
​ So far so good , right ?
But this fall could bring different problems .
And that 's if we all go back to work today .
But as this drags on ... each day we all stay at home means more issues .
It 's compounding .
And it looks more like geometric or even exponential problems with supply chain issues .
This will turn into real suffering this fall and winter .
Perhaps the likes which we have n't seen for a while here on this land .
​ ​But it 's more than that ...
Americans who know their history understand all too well , suffering tends to bring out the ugly side in human nature .
Right now , Americans just change channels when they see others hungry on television .
But it seems America could be next .
The dollar is quickly losing value from printing money and the U.S. ​is still all too dependent on foreign food production .
It comes as no surprise that grocery bills are rising faster than incomes .
Wheat , corn , soybeans , bread , apples , beef , chicken , eggs , and milk ... prices for these items are now rising to reflect the shortages and supply chain disruptions . ​
​ More and more " sheltered in place " Americans are feeling the pinch which now includes food issues .
Many " experts " think we could be approaching the greatest disaster in the country 's history .
Many Americans are starting to prepare for the worst .
How To Prepare For The Rising Food Prices Ahead ​ And Just Maybe An Unthinkable Crisis !
The good news is that there is still time for you to prepare , but you have to start learning how to " store up " and produce your own survival foods as soon as humanly possible .
The best way to do it is to get the inside scoop on how to do it right the first time .
Fortunately , there is a way to get twenty years worth of food storage secrets crammed into this crash course on food preservation and storage .
​ Our food storage system is called Food Storage Secrets .
It 's great because you do n't need a lot of expensive equipment to store a lot of food ​using the methods taught here .
Even better , Food Storage Secrets pays for itself quickly as you begin to put away garden produce or even meats that you buy on sale .
For most folks it 's simply the biggest bargain of their lives .
You can finally become self - sufficient and any extra money saved in food expense goes right back to your pocket .
Frankly , at the end of the day , Food Storage Secrets actually makes you money !
What 's more , the crash course takes you by the hand , step by step , through the entire process of " putting away " almost any food you can think of .
It 's very much like having a food storage professional right there with you every step of the way . ​
Makes Creating Survival Foods Easy !
It 's extremely easy to start preserving and storing food using these time - tested methods , and you can immediately understand why actual users of the " Food Storage Secrets " system are saying things like this :
" For the last four years my New Year 's Resolution was to learn how to do my own canning in the event of an emergency .
Finally after watching your videos , I 'm putting up every kind of food you can think of . "
​​ Traci W. / Evanston , IN
" I bought a book at Barnes and Noble on canning .
It had a lot of pictures but I have to admit it was n't until I watched one of your videos that it all seemed to come together .
We 're even using your system to can wild game .
Nothing gets wasted anymore .
We 're canning everything in sight !
You 're on my Christmas list for life ! "
Stephen M. / Savanna , IL ​
​
​
" Growing up in a house where my mother canned food every year I thought I knew everything there was to know .
I was astounded by the things I did n't know about and learned .
I 'm really happy with the videos . "
Jennifer A. / Stanhope , NJ
Can These Videos Keep You Alive In A Crisis ?
It depends .
They wo n't help you if you just buy them and put them on a shelf somewhere .
It 's best if you really want to get off - the - grid , prepare for a potential crisis and learn to be self - sufficient .
Food shortages are now certain in the U.S. by this fall and winter .
It 's not " if " but when .
Here 's another thought :
One single strategic terrorist bombing could ... at this point ... since we are extremely vulnerable ... literally empty grocery store shelves for months at a time .
Will you be ready for another " black swan " when the unthinkable actually happens ?
Sadly , most Americans will not be .
Most will demand that the government " do something . "
But the truth is ...
The Government Wo n't Be Able To Help In This Crisis !
Any more than it helped with the virus itself .
You 're going to have to face up to it , when a crisis arises , you and your family will be on your own .
And if you want to be able to help others , you will need to have a basement or pantry full of stored foods .
Just imagine the peace of mind you 'll enjoy knowing your family will have enough to eat ... no matter what happens !
Lastly , you 'll also ​be able to say good - bye to being a super - market slave .
Every time you go to your basement or pantry and grab a jar of your private food supply , you are truly self - sufficient and finally off the establishment food grid .
What 's more ... the course is ...
Easy To Watch And We Make It Fun To Learn !
​ The goal of this detailed video " crash course " is to teach families like yours the easiest , quickest and absolutely best way to food security , self - sufficiency ... food storage ... with the top canning secrets available .
No special skills required .
No need to spend a lot of money to get started either .
Call it hunger insurance .
​ ​ " Crash Course " On Getting Off The Food Grid !
Here are some of the things you 'll learn :
How to make your canned foods taste five times better than grocery store food .
What you absolutely must learn about vegetable acidity .
Advice many " old - time canners " give that is dead wrong .
Where to buy your produce for canning .
How to produce potent " canned medicines " .
3 mistakes to avoid when boiling and cooking produce .
How to be up and running overnight .
How to store your canning equipment .
How to " short cut " your learning by half .
The # 1 most popular food for canning - and how to can it !
Why a teaspoon of vinegar changes how your vegetables look , feel and even taste .
How to use a single teaspoon of vinegar to make sure your food looks fresher than store bought .
The right kind of salt to use when canning .
( It 's NOT table salt ! )
An easy way to determine which foods can be canned and which ones can't .
The one meat that can't be canned in a quart jar .
How to process and prepare almost any type of food .
How to create your own basement or pantry supermarket .
Some crucial ( and unusual ) things you must do to protect against food poisoning .
( It 's easy to do once you know the secret )
Absolutely everything you need to know is in this food storage secrets course .
Someone once said that these videos are the ultimate " all you need to know " private lessons on preparedness .
And if there ever was a time to learn all you can on preparing for hard times , it 's now .
Here 's more of what you will learn about food storage tactics and strategies :
Best ways to keep food fresh for a year at a time .
Secrets to keeping your kitchen safe .
When to say " no " to canning fruits and vegetables .
Utensil shortcuts that can save a fortune .
How to produce the absolute best tasting survival food .
4 important steps to ensure your food is ready to be processed .
The absolute best method to can tomatoes .
One deadly mistake beginning canners make and how to avoid it .
Canning times and pressure tables for 39 different meats .
Canning times and pressure tables for 21 different fruits .
Altitude charts you can't start without .
The only safe way to can meats .
How to get more vitamins , minerals and trace elements into your canned food .
Best of all , you 'll learn how to turn each jar of prepared food into canned " Super Food " by adding a very powerful ingredient that can change the way you think about storing food forever .
You 'll now produce your own " foods that heal " any time you want , anywhere you want .
It 's easy once you know the secrets .
And ...
​ You 'll Also Get a FREE 63 - Page Companion Canning Guide And Food Preservation Manual !
Naturally , we want you to have every single advantage when it comes to canning and storing your own foods .
Which is why we want you to have our FREE 63 - page Companion Canning and Food Preservation Manual too !
This robust guide is packed ​ with all kinds of valuable information , including quick - reference charts , full - color diagrams , and even tasty recipes .
You 'll discover the exact tools you 'll need to start canning ; step - by - step instructions for canning different types of foods ; processing times for fruits , vegetables , and meats ; how to keep jars from breaking ; common canning problems and solutions ; how to " put up " food at high altitudes ; and much , much more !
This supplemental guide is the perfect companion for your Food Storage Secrets crash - course . ​
​ We charged $ 97.00 a few years back , but now ...
​ The Cost Of The " Food Storage Secrets " Digital Crash - Course Is Just $ 49.95
And It 's Easy To Order !
For the absolute fastest way to order : Just click on the Order Now button below . ​
Here 's To Surviving the Coming Food Shortage ,
Mike Walters
P.S. ​
The best time to learn this stuff is today .
Literally no downside .
Order Online RIGHT NOW !
​ Yes Mike !
Send Me the " Food Storage Secrets " Crash - Course for : $ 49.95
Order Online By Safe Secure Server
Swiss voters have soundly rejected a plan to appoint special lawyers for animals that are abused by humans .
Results in yesterday 's referendum showed that 70.5 per cent of voters cast their ballot against the proposal .
Switzerland already has among the world 's strictest rules when it comes to caring for pets and farm animals .
Opponents of the proposal , including key farmers ' groups and the government , had argued that existing laws are sufficient and appointing special lawyers to act on behalf of animals would be unnecessarily expensive for taxpayers .
" The Swiss people have clearly said our animal protection laws are so good we do n't need animal lawyers , " Jakob Buechler , a lawmaker for the centrist Christian People 's Party , told Swiss television SF1 .
Official results showed that 70.5 percent of voters cast their ballot against the proposal to extend nationwide a system that has been in place in Zurich since 1992 .
Some 29.5 percent of voters backed the proposal , with turnout at just over 45 percent .
According to the country 's only animal lawyer , Antoine F. Goetschel , public prosecutors are often unsure about animal rights and shy away from pursuing cases even if there is clear evidence of abuse .
He said the cost of Sunday 's measure would have been less than 1 Swiss franc ( $ 1 ) per person a year .
Tiana Angelina Moser , a lawmaker for the Green Liberal Party , said animal rights advocates would look for other ways to make sure laws against animal abuse are properly applied and those who hurt animals receive appropriate punishment .
" It 's definitely disappointing , I thought it would have been a closer vote , " said Moser .
" I do n't think it 's a ' no ' to animal protection , but a ' no ' for this particular measure . "
Switzerland tightened its laws two years ago and now has among the strictest rules anywhere when it comes to caring for pets and farm animals .
The country 's 160 - page animal protection law states exactly how much space owners must give Mongolian gerbils ( 233 square inches ) and what water temperature is required for African clawed frogs ( 18 - 22 degrees Celsius ; 64 - 72 degrees Fahrenheit )
It stipulates that pigs , budgies , goldfish and other social animals cannot be kept alone .
Horses and cows must have regular exercise outside their stalls and dog owners have to take a training course to learn how to properly look after their pets .
Like in other countries , the law also forbids killing animals in a cruel fashion or for fun .
Swiss daily Tribune de Geneve reported earlier this year that a woman who decapitated four chickens and left their heads on the doorstep of her love rival received a 90 - day suspended sentence .
Goetschel said he represents about 150 - 200 animals annually in Zurich , while in other cantons ( states ) , only a handful of cases go to court each year .
Most of his clients are dogs , cows and cats , Goetschel told The Associated Press in a recent interview .
Many cases involve the serious abuse of animals , such as deliberate wounding , rape and neglect .
But in one high - profile case last month , Goetschel represented a dead pike after an animal protection group accused the angler who caught it of cruelty for taking 10 minutes to haul the fish in .
( CNN ) -- Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele is being criticized again after the committee bankrolled a Republican donor 's tab at a risque Hollywood nightclub with other party members .
The news comes as Republicans seek donations for an expected brutal and expensive battle to win back the House and the Senate during the midterm elections in November .
" For those donors who truly believe in conservative values , this latest news about Steele has to be very disturbing , " Douglas MacKinnon , a former press secretary to then - Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole , told the Huffington Post.com 's Sam Stein .
" Michael Steele needs to resign and let the RNC vote in a man or woman who understands that his or her needs do not come before the needs of the nation or the party . "
Federal Election Commission records show Eric Brown , a Republican donor , was reimbursed almost $ 2,000 by the RNC for a night that included a visit to Voyeur , a Los Angeles club where topless dancers can be seen mimicking sex and bondage acts .
The RNC said Brown will give back the money for that night at the nightclub .
Read more on the nightclub expense controversy
None of it bodes well for Steele , who 's been under fire from a wide range of Republicans since taking the top party post .
Conservatives have criticized the former lieutenant governor of Maryland after he blasted radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh and later apologized .
Some of the party faithful are also critical for his spending .
And some fear he's not positioning the GOP well enough to hammer vulnerable Democrats in upcoming elections .
" RNC Chairman Michael Steele has become a recurring nightmare for his party , " said Taylor West , a Democratic communications consultant for New Partners Inc .
" As the unforced errors , prima donna moments and wild message detours have mounted , Steele has been at best a distraction and at worst a true detriment to the committee 's most important roles : driving a consistent Republican narrative and raising money to support the party 's 2010 candidates . "
Dana Milbank , a columnist for The Washington Post , wrote Tuesday that " for a political organization relying on a base of religious conservatives and family - values types , the Voyeur line item would seem to risk getting Republicans branded ' the party of no - no . ' "
Milbank added , " Tying up the Senate is one thing , but doing party business where women tie one another up is quite different . "
Penny Nance , CEO of Conservative Women for America , said in a statement Tuesday that this " should be a wake - up call for the RNC . "
" If the RNC wants to represent conservatives and the Republican Party , then they have to act like conservatives -- in a moral , fiscal and ethical manner , " she said .
" When RNC officials seem to think it wise to spend a grandmother 's monthly donation on wooing the younger generation by taking them to a bondage - themed sex club instead of helping to elect a conservative , a real problem exists . "
Steele has been panned by Republicans in recent months for his comments on the party 's electoral chances this fall .
In January , tempers flared during a routine conference call when GOP House and Senate leadership aides confronted RNC staffers over recent comments by Steele .
At issue was Steele 's prediction during his nationwide book tour that the Republican Party would not take back the House in November .
The comments infuriated GOP strategists on Capitol Hill on a conference call .
According to a senior House aide on the call , a Senate staffer said the chairman was trampling on the GOP 's message in a week that saw several high - profile Democratic retirements .
The Senate aide told RNC staffers to do a better job controlling their chairman .
" He is digging himself deeper , " the Senate aide said about Steele , according to the House source .
" He 's got to stop and put an end to this thing . "
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , R - Virginia , also took aim at Steele 's comments .
" I disagree with Chairman Steele on that point because I believe that the American people , at this point , want to see a check - and - balance on the one - party rule in Washington that has not produced the kind of hope and change that was promised a year ago , " he told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer .
Later in March , Steele and the RNC faced fierce scrutiny after a document containing images targeting President Obama and other leading Democrats was leaked to a media outlet .
The PowerPoint presentation described high - level Republican donors as " ego- driven " and claimed they could be enticed with " tchotchkes . "
The document included a slide -- called " The Evil Empire " -- with cartoonish images depicting Obama as the Joker , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi as Cruella de Vil and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid as Scooby Doo .
Steele described the document as a presentation that a staffer put together for " a small group of about nine or 10 folks and thought that they would intersperse the presentation with humorous shots . "
Asked whether Steele should step down , Sen. Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , told NBC's " Meet the Press " that " I do n't think Michael Steele knew about that .
If he did , I would be very concerned .
I like Michael Steele . "
CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report .
“ Basically , if you stall the wing you take all the drag off it and pick up straight - line speed , ” Horner explained .
“ It ’s something that ’s been done quite a lot over the years but with the wing separators you ’re not supposed to do that .
Our question ultimately will be : ' Is it clever design or is it in breach of the regulations ’ ? ”
Vanity Fair columnist and public intellectual Christopher Hitchens is a twice - married straight man .
In his boyhood , however , he had torrid affairs and circle jerked with male classmates .
A leaked excerpt from Hitchens ' forthcoming memoir documents necessary bisexuality in horny teens .
Gay prep school sex is , of course , a frequently joked - about trope for boarding schools .
( Especially British ones . )
But seeing a man who once chronicled the resolutely straight - man - ickiness of his pubes , pores , and back hair describe gay childhood romance tenderly , and the politics of boyhood boning seriously , is a thing to behold .
In memoir Hitch - 22 , Hitchens says the combination of raging teenage hormones and an " all - male school featuring communal showers , communal sleeping arragements , [ and ] communal lavatories " frequently gave way to orgies .
Hitch - 22 also describes gay adult sex with Tories , but here , we will merely explore the mating rituals of bicurious British youth .
In this excerpt , Hitchens explains how the horniness of teenagers is a force greater than sexual orientation .
Click any image to enlarge .
Hitchens was a pretty , " girlish " boy , making him popular with older boys .
In this excerpt he explains how this led to myriad sex experiences — consensual and nonconsensual .
At his school , the sexual pecking order required younger boys to submit to older boys , thereby allowing a senior named Peter Raper to ruin Hitchens ' " white - hot " romance with a young peer .
In this excerpt , Hitchens aches for his long - lost love , and describes how school disciplinarians handled the oversexed teen masses .
Same - sex advances taught Hitchens — who once dedicated 2800 words to Why Women Are n't Funny — to understand the fairer sex and to be suspicious of " family values " politicians .
Basically , Christopher Hitchens owes his entire career to prep school wank sessions and a sadistic bully named Peter Raper .
[ Pic via ]
Systemic Failures May Give Blackwater Another Afghanistan Contract
Created : March 08 , 2010 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Blackwater guards in Iraq in 2003 ( ALI HAIDER / EPA / KEYSTONE Press )
By March 24 , the private security corporation formerly known as Blackwater — last seen in Afghanistan shooting civilians and stealing weapons intended for the Afghan police — may win a new Defense Department contract to train the Afghan police .
And nearly no one in the government wants to own up to how it could happen .
Interviews over the past week with numerous Pentagon officials and military officers in Washington and Kabul have presented a portrait of a contracting process in which it is remarkably difficult to deny a contract to a security company involved in numerous civilian deaths and possible fraud .
While it is not certain that Blackwater , now known as Xe Services , will receive a contract that could be worth as much as a billion dollars , the fact that the company is still eligible for the bid — while no one involved in the process wishes to claim responsibility for the potential award — highlights a confusing , unaccountable and systemic problem in how the government delivers security contracts .
[ Security 1 ] Last year , at the request of Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commanding general of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , the Defense Department took control of a contract for training Afghan policemen from the State Department ’s Bureau of Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs — an office that the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction signaled out as exercising weak oversight .
According to four senior military officers with the NATO military command responsible for training Afghan security forces , known as CSTC - A , the command “ identified a requirement ” for a contractor to perform “ tasks we specified ” for training the police , said Brig .
Gen. Gary Patton , the director of programs for CSTC - A .
But all four officers said they had no further involvement with how the contract will be awarded .
That decision belongs to an obscure Army office called CNTPO .
Short for the Counter - Narcoterrorism Technology Program Office , CNTPO is a subdivision of the Army ’s Space and Missile Defense Command .
No one interviewed for this article could explain why CNTPO is responsible for overseeing a contract that has a tenuous connection to counter - narcoterrorism .
Patton explained that CSTC - A ’s advice to CNTPO on the contract is limited to designing the shape of the contract ’s requirements , including what he described as a focus on “ training the trainer ” of Afghan forces and “ more counterinsurgency in the program instruction , more counterinsurgency lessons , operating conditions and the like brought into the program instruction . ”
CNTPO had prior relationships with five security companies that it allowed to bid on the Afghan police training contract : Raytheon , Lockheed Martin , NG , ARINC — and Blackwater .
It does n’t appear like CNTPO is a particularly well - known organization inside the Pentagon .
Several of Patton ’s colleagues at CSTC - A described it as being based in Huntsville , Ala. , but several attempts to contact the office over the past week were unsuccessful .
In mid-December , DynCorp , another private security contractor that held the police - training contract back when the State Department controlled it , filed an objection with the Government Accountability Office over the decision to move the acquisition authority for the contract to CNTPO from State .
The GAO has until March 24 to adjudicate the dispute .
Several sources throughout the Pentagon and Congress expect CNTPO to award the contract almost immediately afterward if GAO rules that the office is indeed allowed to award it .
CSTC - A officers said they did not know which company CNTPO believes ought to hold the contract .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) has expressed frustration that Blackwater is eligible for another government contract .
In late February , an investigation by the Senate Armed Services Committee , which Levin chairs , uncovered that Blackwater created a shell company called Paravant in 2008 to help it win a sub- contract with the Army for training Afghan soldiers .
While holding that contract , employees of Paravant who were never authorized to carry weapons simply took hundreds of rifles and pistols intended for Afghan police use from a U.S. military weapons depot near Kabul , even signing for those guns using the name of a “ South Park ” cartoon character .
Levin wrote to Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Feb. 25 to request that Pentagon officials “ consider the deficiencies in Blackwater ’s performance under the weapons training contract before a decision is made to award the police training work to Blackwater . ”
In a separate letter , Levin requested Attorney General Eric Holder investigate Blackwater for contract fraud .
Justice Department officials would not comment for the record , but told TWI that Holder is considering Levin ’s request .
Any action from Holder would represent perhaps the only chance to stop Blackwater from receiving any additional government contracts .
Several CSTC - A officers and Pentagon officials said that good - government contract rules prevent them from banning Blackwater .
Specifically , an obscure contracting rule known as Federal Acquisition Regulation 9.406 - 2 prevents an acquisition official for banning a company from being awarded a contract unless the company has been formally “ debarred ” from eligibility — something that has never happened in Blackwater ’s case .
However , several criteria for debarment appear to apply to Blackwater , including “ commission of fraud , ” “ theft , ” “ falsification or destruction of records , making false statements , ” “ a history of failure to perform , or of unsatisfactory performance of , one or more contracts , ” and “ violations of the Drug - Free Workplace Act of 1988 . ”
Asked what message it would send to the Afghans if a company whose employees have shot Afghan civilians and stolen weapons meant for the Afghan police wins a contract to train Afghan policeman , Patton said we was “ not going to address hypotheticals . ”
He added , “ I ’ve got faith in the system , and we ’re going to let the system play out and go from there . ”
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
||| I FORBINDELSE MED « Hjernevask » - debatten har kjønnforskere klaget over at de ikke får komme fram med sin egen forskning , men kun må kommentere andres .
Vi har tatt dette på alvor , og studert en artikkel fra 2007 av Jørgen Lorentzen med tittelen « Masculinities and the Phenomenology of Men 's Orgasms » som er publisert i journalen Men and Masculinities .
Dette er et såkalt nivå 2 - tidsskrift , alts å den øvre kvalitetskategorien .
Artikkelen har berøringspunkter til vårt eget fagområde som er fysiologi , altså kroppens virkemåte .
Ifølge artikkelens sammendrag behandler den en hypotese om at et tradisjonelt biologisk fokus på menns seksualitet har « begrenset forståelsen av mannlig seksualitet » .
Forfatteren diskuterer en mulig ( ny ? ) seksualetikk basert på « penis som en bro fra meg til deg » .
ARTIKKELEN ER PÅ 14 sider og har 13 litteraturhenvisninger .
Den er utelukkende teoretisk basert og synes ikke å inneholde nytt empirisk materiale verken av kvalitativ eller kvantitativ natur .
Vi har som biologer særlig vurdert de mange biologiske utsagnene , men også hva vi mener er felles vitenskapelig metode , slik som for eksempel riktig gjengivelse av fakta , kildebelegging av påstander og vanlig logikk .
I sitt avsnitt om biologiske fantasier innleder Lorentzen med å fortelle oss at Masters og Johnson ( 1970 ) er « det første omfattende arbeidet av seksuelle praksiser i Vesten » .
Vi er overrasket over at mannsforskeren ikke er kjent med Kinsey - rapporten om menns seksualitet fra 1948 , og kvinners fra 1953 , som begge er svært omfattende .
På det biologiske området hevder Lorentzen at « ingen sammenheng er funnet mellom produksjonen av spermier og egg , og seksuell lyst . »
Det er en stor litteratur på at spermieproduksjon og seksualdrift begge er avhengig av testosteron , og at begge deler reduseres ved mangelfull produksjon av hormonet .
Lorentzen hevder videre at verken « testosteron og østrogen er av en slik natur at de skaper systematiske forskjeller i menn og kvinners seksualdrift » .
Hjernen har reseptorer for både østrogen og testosteron , så hormonene er utvilsomt « av en slik natur » at de meget vel kan gi systematiske forskjeller mellom kvinner og menn både i adferd og følelser .
VI KAN HELLER ikke følge Lorentzen når han hevder at « medisinsk vitenskap har i dag kommet så langt at man ikke behøver å produsere egne sædceller eller egg for å reprodusere seg . »
Vi kjenner ingen teknikker hvor en kan reprodusere seg uten sædceller eller egg .
Man kan tenke seg at en fremtidig kloning av mennesker vil endre på dette , men det er likevel ikke et argument mot at seksualitet kan være biologisk betinget , den har jo nettopp utviklet seg i fravær av slik teknologi .
En sentral tese for Lorentzen er at mannlig ejakulasjon ikke alltid er ledsaget av en orgasme .
Det angis ikke noen kilde for dette , eller hvor vanlig et slikt fenomen er .
I det hele tatt er det lite kildebelegg for en del påstander vi ikke opplever som opplagte , for eksempel : « Impotens [...] er et mye større og omfattende psykisk problem for menn enn de fleste er klar over » , og påstanden om at menn ofte får ereksjon når de er sinte .
For det siste har det tvert imot vært målt at blodfylling av penis blir redusert ved sinne ( Bozman & Beck , 1991 ) .
Masters & Johnston ( 1970 ) som Lorentzen har lest , diskuterer det samme .
EN SENTRAL passasje hos Lorentzen er en fortelling hos Catherine Millet ( 2003 ) der 11 menn deltar i et arrangert seriesamleie med henne .
Lorentzens sier at « min egen forestilling » er at mennene ikke vil snakke sammen når de står i køen og venter på tur , dette i motsetning til mer lekne homoseksuelle menn i en tilsvarende situasjon .
Lorentzens poeng er at heteroseksuelle menn i ventetiden oppgir sin individualitet for to minutter med sex .
Vi får vår del har lignende erfaringer med å vente på bussen , uten at vi føler at vi oppgir vår individualitet under slike omstendigheter .
Lorentzen fortsetter : « Det er vanskelig å akseptere at dette [ seriesamleiet ] har noe som helst med biologi å gjøre , det være seg hormoner eller sæd » .
Seriesamleier er muligens irrasjonelt fra et reproduksjonssynspunkt , men ville Lorentzen hevde at en møll som flyr inn i flammen ikke er drevet fram av sin biologi ?
ET MER ALLMENNGYLDIG
eksempel for å belyse det vi tror er Lorentzens poeng , ville være prevensjon .
Kan seksualdrift være biologisk betinget når den eksisterer etter at det evolusjonære insentivet , genetisk reproduksjon , er fjernet ?
Vi mener at om driften ble vesentlig redusert under slike betingelser , vil det være et argument for at seksualdrift er et rasjonelt ønske om reproduksjon , og dermed kanskje et rent kulturfenomen , men slik er det alts å ikke .
EN KJERNE I Lorentzens artikkel er at mannskroppen er fysisk hard og dermed fører til et hardt sinn .
Han gir mange eksempler .
Kvinner er for eksempel dualistiske fordi de har to kjønnslepper .
Her bruker Lorentzen faktisk en referanse ( Irgaray , 1985 ) .
Kvinner er også psykologisk mer åpne fordi de fysisk har et åpent kjønnsorgan , mens mannen av anatomiske årsaker er « forledet til å tro » at han er mer psykisk lukket og har et mer mekanisk kjønnsliv .
Dette er en biologisering man ikke vil finne hos moderne biologer .
Lorentzens resonnement er analogt med en påstand om at afrikanere er mørkere til sinns enn europeere fordi de er mørkere i huden .
Lorentzen presenterer intet empirisk eller teoretisk grunnlag for at det er noen sammenheng mellom anatomiske forhold ( f.eks .
hudfarge eller formen på kjønnsorganene ) , og forhold i menneskesinnet som metaforisk beskrives med samme ord ( f. eks. å penhet ) .
Det er mulig Lorentzen mener fenomenet er rent språklig , for eksempel at selve bruken av ordet « mørk » om huden skulle påvirke afrikanere til å bli tristere , men Lorentzen gir heller ikke noe belegg for en slik påstand .
FORDI LORENTZENS artikkel har så mange feil ( der vi har sjekket det ) , og så mange ubelagte påstander ( der vi stiller oss tvilende ) , er det vanskelig å vurdere konklusjonene .
Vi opplever at han stiller opp en kvasibiologisk stråmann som han så argumenterer mot .
Vi har derimot ikke noe imot Lorentzens konklusjon om at menn bør være « harde og myke på samme tid [...]
Bare da vil et sant møte mellom « jeg » og « du » være mulig .
Men vi trenger kanskje ikke vitenskap som dette for å fortelle oss det ?
Sitatene fra Lorentzens artikkel er oversatt fra engelsk .
Music News Demi Lovato Is Sifting Through Heartbreak On New Song ' Still Have Me '
The new tune comes days after reports of her engagement to Max Ehrich ending Patrick Hosken
Music News Jeff Rosenstock Made His Late - Night TV Debut Look Like ' Chaos Hell '
The punk icon tells MTV News about his sweaty , joyous performance on ' Seth Meyers , ' new music , and why UFOs might be 2020 's silver lining Patrick Hosken
Music News Bartees Strange Gives In To Lawless Creation
The artist 's stunning debut ' Live Forever ' spans indie rock , hip - hop , and jazz , showcasing his eclectic upbringing MTV News Staff
Submitted by James Turk , of FGMR.com
US Dollar Money Supply Is Underreported
March 1 , 2010 –
As the financial crisis has unfolded over the last two years , the Federal Reserve has been responding in a variety of unprecedented ways .
Therefore , it is logical to assume that these never - before - used actions have altered long - established ways of viewing things .
One area that has been impacted is the US dollar money supply .
The quantity of dollars in circulation is being underreported by relying upon the traditional and now outdated definitions used to calculate M1 and M2 .
These ‘ Ms ’ are calculated and reported by the Federal Reserve based on the following guidelines that identify the several different forms of dollar currency used in commerce :
M1 : The sum of currency held outside the vaults of depository institutions , Federal Reserve Banks , and the U.S. Treasury ; travelers checks ; and demand and other checkable deposits issued by financial institutions ( except demand deposits due to the Treasury and depository institutions ) , minus cash items in process of collection and Federal
Reserve float .
M2 : M1 plus savings deposits ( including money market deposit accounts ) and small - denomination ( less than $ 100,000 ) time deposits issued by financial institutions ; and shares in retail money market mutual funds ( funds with initial investments of less than $ 50,000 ) , net of retirement accounts .
These esoteric definitions can be confusing , so let ’s bring US dollar currency back to basics as the first step to explaining why these definitions are no longer adequate .
There are two types of dollar currency comprising the money supply – cash currency and deposit currency .
Both are used in commerce to make payments .
1 ) Cash Currency
The cash currency we carry around in our pockets is issued by the Federal Reserve .
Take a look at one of those green pieces of paper , and you will see that they are labeled as a “ Federal Reserve Note ” .
A note is a debt obligation , and a few decades ago one could take that note to a Federal Reserve Bank and ask them to make good on their debt by redeeming it for silver , or until 1933 , gold .
These liabilities of the Federal Reserve are no longer redeemable into anything , and are therefore “ I owe you nothing ” currency , a phrase made famous by legendary advocate of sound money , John Exter .
Nevertheless , Federal Reserve notes remain a liability of the Federal Reserve .
2 ) Deposit Currency
Deposit currency is comprised – as its name implies – of dollars on deposit in the banking system .
These dollars circulate as currency when payments in commerce are made with checks , wire transfers , plastic cards and the like .
In contrast to cash currency which circulates from hand - to - hand , deposit currency circulates from bank account to bank account .
Bank deposits take three standard forms – checking accounts , savings accounts and time deposits .
They have different maturities , or tenor , to use a banking term .
Dollars in checking accounts are considered to be the most liquid because they are available on demand .
Therefore , they are part of M1 because they are the most likely deposit currency to be used to make a payment in commerce .
Dollars in savings accounts are less likely to be used to make a payment , but nonetheless are currency because they are spendable .
So they are part of M2 , which comprises those dollars less frequently used as currency .
The dollars in time deposits are used even less , but are currency and therefore available for use in commerce when they mature , or immediately if the tenor of the deposit is broken .
They are – depending on the size of the deposit – included in M2 or M3 , which is no longer disclosed by the Federal Reserve .
Creating Currency
Having provided this background information , we can now get to the heart of the matter by looking at how currency is created ‘ out of thin air ’ by the Federal Reserve and banks and the impact of their actions on the monetary balance sheet of the US dollar .
Cash currency of course is simply printed , but every note issued is recorded on the Federal Reserve ’s balance sheet .
Basically , the Fed ‘ monetizes ’ an asset by turning it into currency .
If , for example , a bank sells a $ 1 million T - bill to the Fed , the Fed ‘ pays ’ for it with $ 1 million of newly printed cash currency .
The Fed records the T - bill as an asset and the cash currency it issued as its liability .
These Federal Reserve Notes are the “ currency ” component in the definition of M1 above .
The creation of deposit currency is similar .
When a bank makes a loan or purchases a security , it records the loan or security as its asset and creates deposit currency as its liability .
Simple bookkeeping entries increase the bank ’s assets and liabilities by the same amount .
New deposit currency is created because the bank deposits the amount of the loan in the borrower ’s checking account , or similarly , credits the account of the seller of the security it is purchasing .
These dollars are now available on ‘ demand ’ of the borrower or the seller of the security .
Regardless whether deposit currency is created by the banking system or the Federal Reserve , the net effect is the same – the quantity of dollars increases .
The total amount of deposit currency in checking accounts is the “ demand and other checkable deposits ” component in the definition of M1 above .
Measuring the Quantity of Dollars
As of January 31st , the quantity of cash currency in circulation ( i.e. , not in bank vaults ) was $ 860 billion .
This amount comprises 51.3 % of M1 , which equaled $ 1,676 billion on that date .
As of January 31st , the quantity of demand and checkable deposits in circulation was $ 810 billion .
This amount comprises 48.3 % of M1 .
For historical reasons unimportant to the point of this analysis , the Federal Reserve in the past has only created cash currency .
However , the unprecedented changes it has engineered over the past two years have resulted in a vast amount of deposit currency being created by the Fed .
Instead of purchasing paper from the banking system solely with cash currency – its traditional form of payment to ‘ monetize ’ assets by turning them into currency – the Federal Reserve since the start of the financial crisis has increasingly relied upon deposit currency to purchase paper .
Regardless how the Federal Reserve pays for the paper it purchases – cash currency or deposit currency – it is creating dollar currency and perforce expanding the money supply .
But the traditional definition of M1 does not accurately capture this process when the Fed uses deposit currency to pay for its purchase .
In fact , it is totally excluded .
Because the Federal Reserve did not create deposit currency in the past , none of the Ms take it into account .
Consequently , the traditional definitions of the Ms are outdated because they do not capture the total quantity of dollars in circulation .
Because M1 is underreported , so too is M2 .
Unprecedented Deposit Currency Creation by the Fed
There has been an unprecedented amount of deposit currency created by the Fed over the past two years .
The following chart illustrates this point .
It shows the quantity of demand and checkable deposits , i.e. , the amount of deposit currency , at the Federal Reserve since December 2002 .
From December 2002 until the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 , the quantity of deposit currency created by the Fed averaged $ 11.8 billion , an amount that is relatively insignificant compared to total M1 .
Presently , it stands at a record high of $ 1,246.2 billion , which of course is highly significant .
More to the point , none of this deposit currency is captured in the traditional definition of the Ms .
The quantity of dollar currency is therefore significantly underreported , which is illustrated by the following chart .
The Federal Reserve reports M1 to be $ 1,716 billion as of February 15th .
When deposit currency created by the Federal Reserve is added to the traditional definition of M1 , M1 after adjustment is actually 170 % higher at $ 2,918 billion .
Its annual growth increases to 29.5 % , nearly 3 - times the rate reported by the Fed and more importantly , is an annual rate of growth in the quantity of dollar currency that is approaching hyperinflationary levels .
This restatement of M1 explains why crude oil is back at $ 80 per barrel ; copper is $ 3.25 per pound ; and commodity prices in the main are rising in the face of weak economic conditions .
The US dollar is being inflated and worryingly , the rate of new currency creation is approaching hyperinflationary levels .
Unless the Federal Reserve changes course , the US is headed for a deposit currency hyperinflation like those that plagued much of Latin America in the 1980s and 1990s .
Sadie , the most beautiful Yellow Lab in the whole wide world , lives an idyllic , pampered life in the suburbs .
One day , she comes into heat and has no idea what to do with her new found feelings and urges .
When she learns that her loving owners are about to have her spayed , she runs away to the big city where her sexual adventures begin .
The Hutu exodus into Congo after the 1994 Rwandan genocide sparked a series of conflicts between the two countries
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Congo has endured a near - constant state of war and chaos over the past 15 years .
Its fate has been inextricably bound with its tiny neighbour , Rwanda , where in 1994 a Hutu extremist regime killed 800,000 Tutsis in the last genocide of the 20th century .
Tutsi rebels drove the ­extremists from power and sent more than a million Hutu refugees fleeing into Congo ( then Zaire ) .
The refugee camps in Congo became armed bases from which Hutu extremists could continue the war against the new Rwandan government .
In 1996 , Rwanda moved against the camps and invaded Congo , eventually taking the capital , Kinshasa , and installing Laurent Kabila as president .
But Kabila proved less compliant than Rwanda had hoped in the war against Hutu extremists .
Rwanda invaded again in 1998 , leading to a prolonged war that drew in the Angolans and Zimbabweans on Congo 's side , while Uganda and Burundi lined up with Rwanda .
A shaky peace ­agreement in 2002 saw the withdrawal of foreign armies from Congo , although local rebel groups tied to the Rwandan government continued to control much of the east of the country .
Hutu extremists there launched a new armed group , the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda ( FDLR ) , many of whose leaders had overseen the genocide in Rwanda .
A bulwark against them was warlord Laurent Nkunda , leader of a rebel faction , the National Congress for the Defence of the People ( CNDP ) , its declared aim the protection of local Tutsis .
But the Congolese government viewed Nkunda , who has been accused of war crimes , as a tool used by Rwanda to continue to destabilise eastern Congo .
Then came a change that caught many by surprise .
A year ago an internal insurgency threatened not only Joseph Kabila , who had succeeded his father as president , but also Paul Kagame , the president of Rwanda .
The pair overcame past enmity to announce a joint mission aimed at destroying the FDLR .
As part of the deal Nkunda was put under house arrest in Rwanda while his troops were " integrated " into Kabila 's government army .
Controversially , this army is receiving the support of Monuc , the UN peacekeeping mission , in ongoing operations against the FDLR .
Last week , several high - profile , much - loved music blogs disappeared from Google 's Blogspot service , after they were targetted by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI — the international version of the RIAA ) .
IFPI defended its action by saying " Our top priority is to prevent the continued availability of the IFPI Represented Companies ' content on the internet . "
But IFPI did n't target pirate websites here .
Among the sites it took down was I Rock Cleveland , a site whose author , Bill Lipold , painstakingly sought and received explicit permission to post every single track and excerpt he put up ( though in many cases , he could have relied on fair use rather than going to the effort ) .
By using the law to annihilate labors of love like I Rock Cleveland , sites that obeyed all the rules and sought permission from the copyright holders at every turn , IFPI 's message is simple : " Do n't bother getting permission .
Just take stuff .
You 're wasting your time trying to obey the law .
It all comes out the same in the end — we do n't care whether you obey our rules or not . "
IFPI will argue that it was just trying to help artists , that everyone makes mistakes , that copyright is complicated .
But these are exactly the same arguments that the musicbloggers whose sites were vanished by IFPI 's abusive lawyering would have made , if they 'd been given a chance .
And the artists , the human shields in whose name IFPI is doing all of this ?
They do n't want it , do n't need it , and do n't understand it .
As one band 's publicist wrote , " Just so you know , this is none of our doing … apparently , DMCA operate on their own set of odd rules , as they even requested that the ( band 's ) official blog remove the song ….
What a headache … "
Targeted bloggers need to know these details , not only so that they can remove the file if it 's indeed infringing , but so that they can file a DMCA counter - notice in the event that the file is not infringing .
Ordinarily , the party issueing the takedown notice would be required by US copyright law to specify which content is being accused .
But , as an international organization headquartered in London , IFPI is arguing that it does n't even need to play by the USA 's rules .
" We neither admit nor accept , " they write , " … that Google is entitled to be served a notice in compliance with the DMCA . "
Translation : IFPI is essentially threatening to sue Google under some unspecified foreign law — presumably one which lacks even the modest safe - harbor provisions available in the USA .
It 's no wonder Google felt the need to take drastic action to avoid liability , even at the expense of the resulting headaches and bad press .
Music Journalism is the New Piracy
Lance Corporal Craig Lundberg .
The soldier , left blind by a grenade in Iraq , has told how his life has been transformed by ground - breaking technology that enables him to " see " with his tongue .
A British soldier left blind by a grenade in Iraq has told how his life has been transformed by ground - breaking technology that enables him to " see " with his tongue .
Lance Corporal Craig Lundberg , 24 , can read words , make out shapes and walk without assistance thanks to a device developed in the United States which could revolutionise life for other blind people .
Lundberg , from Liverpool in northwest England , completely lost his sight after being struck by a rocket - propelled grenade while serving in Basra in 2007 .
Faced with a life of relying on a guide dog , he was chosen by the Ministry of Defence as the first person in Britain to trial the BrainPort device , which could revolutionise treatment for the blind .
It converts images into electrical pulses which are sent to the tongue , where they cause a tingling sensation .
The different strength of the tingles can be interpreted so the user can mentally visualise their surroundings and navigate around objects .
The device consists of a tiny video camera attached to a pair of sunglasses which are linked to a plastic " lollipop " which the user places on their tongue to read the pulses .
The image is created by presenting white pixels from the camera as strong stimulation , black pixels as no stimulation , and grey levels as medium levels of stimulation , although interpreting the images takes intensive training .
" It feels like licking a nine volt battery or like popping candy , " Lundberg explained Monday .
" The camera sends signals down onto the lollipop and onto your tongue .
You can then determine what they mean and transfer it to shapes .
" You get lines and shapes of things .
It sees in black and white so you get a two - dimensional image on your tongue -- it 's a bit like a pins and needles sensation .
" It 's only a prototype , but the potential to change my life is massive .
It 's got a lot of potential to advance things for blind people . "
Thanks to the device , he can now " pick up objects straight away .
I can reach out and pick them up when before I would be fumbling around to feel for them . "
Lundberg and British military surgeons have visited the US for training in how to use the device , which is being developed by a team led by Gale Pollock , a former major general in the US army .
It is hoped that with further refinement , the BrainPort could be used for other blind British military personnel .
However , the future of Lundberg 's trusty guide dog seems secure for now .
" There is no way I 'm getting rid of my guide dog Hugo , though -- I love him .
" This ( the BrainPort ) is another mobility device , it 's not the be -all and end - all of my disability . "
Explore further Device connected to tongue designed to help blind perceive images
( c ) 2010 AFP
The focus of lab and blog is language -- what it is , how we understand it , and what we can do with it .
At the blog , we discuss research , findings and controversies .
At the lab , we try to create new research findings and controversies .
||| FOR MANGE ER PÅSKEN synonymt med strålende sol og snødekte vidder .
Sola fremstår likevel for folk flest som en statisk og rolig gul skive på himmelen .
Men sola er en urolig og varierende stjerne som bidrar med mye mer enn bare lys og varme .
Den er kilden til det vakre nordlyset og kan påvirke vårt teknologibaserte samfunn .
MESTEPARTEN AV ENERGIEN fra sola stråler ut fra overflaten som vi kaller fotosfæren .
About a month or two ago , Naldz Graphics brought to you Photoshop tutorial on creating space and planets …
Today , we bring you another post themed on planets - planet wallpapers …
You may have a dozen or more wallpapers on hand , however , there is never too many wallpapers …
Gather wallpapers to your heart ’s content and check the latest creation there is .
undeniably , here is another set that you can add to your collection !
50 + Ultimate Collections of Planet Wallpapers are given below just for you …
Enjoy browsing through this collection and download one for your desktop .
change your wallpapers depending on your mood and be inspired just the same .
Below is a collection you ’ll never want to miss ..
Check them out …
Planet Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Planet Heart
Source
Space Art Wallpapers 06
Source
Ice - planet WP
Source
Digital Universe 169 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Blue Moon
Aeon WP - Pack
Source
2 HD Wallpapers
Source
The Rise Of A Planet
Source
Digital Universe 15 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 2 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Space Art Wallpapers 26
Source
Sunrise , My Wallpaper ….
Source
Digital Universe 172 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Planet Desktop Wallpaper 2
Source
Cat Planet
Source
Planetary Ambience Desktop Wallpapers
Source
The Planet Earth
Source
Digital Universe 181 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
00235_thebluemarble_1920x1200
Source
Digital Universe 19 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Space - art - wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 11 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 40 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Red Planet
Source
Celestis Wallpapers
Source
Digital Universe 145 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 125 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 4 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 137 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 13 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Exploded Planet Desktop Wallpapers
Source
Space Art Wallpapers 02
Source
Alone Wallpaper Pack
Source
From Earth
Source
Digital Universe 173 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 130 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Earth … Human.after.all
Source
Space Art Wallpapers 07
Source
Digital Universe 104 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
A Planet
Source
Earth
Source
Digital Universe 95 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Moon
Source
Digital Universe 98 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Miracle in the Space
Source
Digital Universe 113 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Digital Universe 156 Desktop Wallpaper
Source
Planet Two
Source
Space Path Desktop Wallpapers
Source
This tiger ’s image was captured by an automated camera trap in Laos 's Nam Et - Phou Louey landscape .
The Wildlife Conservation Society is drawing attention to the plight of the tiger .
It says there may be as few as 3,000 left .
They are threatened by poaching , habitat loss and conflict with humans .
Posted by administrator in Animals on January 14th , 2010 | 7 responses
Timed to coincide with the Frieze Art Fair , just next - door at the London Zoo a different kind of exhibition is taking place .
The Recycled Sculpture Show is an exhibition of 21 sculptures that will be auctioned to raise funds to support worldwide animal conservation at ZSL London Zoo .
The exhibition has focused on raising awareness of worldwide animal conservation re-using only wasted resources and salvaged materials in creating animal sculptures .
We Recommend :
( POPEYE ) Since the Act of 1871 which established the District of Columbia , we have been living under the UNITED STATES CORPORATION which is owned by certain international bankers and aristocracy of Europe and Britain .
In 1871 the Congress changed the name of the original Constitution by changing ONE WORD — and that was very significant as you will read .
Some people do not understand that ONE WORD or TWO WORDS difference in any “ legal ” document DO make the critical difference .
But , Congress has known , and does know , this .
1871 , February 21 : Congress Passes an Act to Provide a Government for the District of Columbia , also known as the Act of 1871 .
With no constitutional authority to do so , Congress creates a separate form of government for the District of Columbia , a ten mile square parcel of land ( see , Acts of the Forty - first Congress , ” Section 34 , Session III , chapters 61 and 62 ) .
The act — passed when the country was weakened and financially depleted in the aftermath of the Civil War — was a strategic move by foreign interests ( international bankers ) who were intent upon gaining a stranglehold on the coffers and neck of America .
Congress cut a deal with the international bankers ( specifically Rothschilds of London ) to incur a DEBT to said bankers .
Because the bankers were not about to lend money to a floundering nation without serious stipulations , they devised a way to get their foot in the door of the United States .
The Act of 1871 formed a corporation called THE UNITED STATES .
The corporation , OWNED by foreign interests , moved in and shoved the original Constitution into a dustbin .
With the Act of 1871 , the organic Constitution was defaced — in effect vandalized and sabotage — when the title was capitalized and the word “ for ” was changed to “ of ” in the title .
THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA is the constitution of the incorporated UNITED STATES OF AMERICA .
It operates in an economic capacity and has been used to fool the People into thinking it governs the Republic .
It does is not !
Capitalization is NOT insignificant when one is referring to a legal document .
This seemingly “ minor ” alteration has had a major impact on every subsequent generation of Americans .
What Congress did by passing the Act of 1871 was create an entirely new document , a constitution for the government of the District of Columbia , an INCORPORATED government .
This newly altered Constitution was not intended to benefit the Republic .
It benefits only the corporation of the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA and operates entirely outside the original ( organic ) Constitution .
Instead of having absolute and unalienable rights guaranteed under the organic Constitution , we the people now have “ relative ” rights or privileges .
One example is the Sovereign ’s right to travel , which has now been transformed ( under corporate government policy ) into a “ privilege ” that requires citizens to be licensed .
By passing the Act of 1871 , Congress committed TREASON against the People who were Sovereign under the grants and decrees of the Declaration of Independence and the organic Constitution .
The Act of 1871 became the FOUNDATION of all the treason since committed by government officials .
ORIGINAL VIDEO LINK
LINKS TO FURTHER RESEARCH , THE ARCHIVE PAGES , FACEBOOK & TWITTER
DTRH W/ POPEYE FULL DOWNLOADABLE ARCHIVES
DTRH w/ POPEYE FULL ARCHIVE PAGE
THE OCCULT ASPECTS OF 9/11
FREE DOWNLOADABLE INFO ARCHIVE
FACEBOOK ACCOUNT & PAGE :
POPEYE ON FACEBOOK
FJ FACEBOOK PAGE
TWITTER ACCOUNTS :
DTRH W/ POPEYE
FEDERALJACK
An article has been making its way around the Internet , and followers of the United States Constitution are gasping for breath at the thought of the message .
According to a political Internet blog , we need to be a bit concerned with one of Obama 's advisors and what he has in store for the dissenting American population .
But , are the " threats " posed by big brother elitists really " new " or are they echoes from the past whispering softly of the nightmares to come .
The offensive news is centered around a paper written by Cass Sunstein entitled " Conspiracy Theories : Causes and Cures . "
Sunstein suggests that in order to silence the escalation of conspiracy theories in America the federal government should train operatives to infiltrate neighborhood groups and Internet chat rooms for the purpose of spreading disinformation , undermining the groups efforts , and planting doubts in the minds of concerned Americans .
In Cass Sunstein 's own words , " We suggest a distinctive tactic for breaking up the hard core of extremists who supply conspiracy theories : cognitive infiltration of extremist groups , whereby government agents or their allies ( acting either virtually or in real space , and either openly or anonymously ) will undermine the crippled epistemology of believers . "
At this point , I think it only right to learn a bit about Cass Sunstein .
Sunstein , first of all , is the current administrator of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs .
According to a Glenn Greenwald article , in his current position , one of the areas Sunstein will be responsible for is " overseeing policies relating to privacy , information quality and statistical programs . "
Secondly , he teaches / has taught Constitutional , Administrative and Environmental law at places like Harvard , Columbia and the University of Chicago .
Thirdly , and maybe most importantly , Sunstein is a long time friend of President Obama .
Why , you ask , is this important ?
Greenwald made it rather clear , " This is n't an instance where some government official wrote a bizarre paper in college 30 years ago about matters unrelated to his official powers ; this was written 18 months ago , at a time when the ascendancy of Sunstein 's close friend to the Presidency looked likely , in exactly the area he now oversees . "
Sunstein's " conspiracy theory " paper , written in 2008 , deals with the infiltration of chat rooms as well as social and other group meetings , whether online or in person .
Their definition of " false conspiracy theories " is those theories that suggest that powerful people have been directly involved in certain affairs and have managed to keep their role in these affairs " secret " from the public 's eye .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
BEAVERTON --
When Detective Chris Kitto first scanned the report of a Dec. 23 burglary at a low - income housing complex , he saw nothing unique .
No detail suggested that he would become more emotionally attached to this case than any other .
The problem with police reports is that they do n't show the eyes of the victims .
The words on the page reveal the facts , not the faces .
With only basic information , Kitto went to an apartment on Southwest Allen Avenue to investigate the burglary .
What the report did n't tell him was that the 6 - year - old boy who opened the door would offer a firm handshake , look him directly in the eye and say , " Hello , Sir . "
" This does n't happen when you go to a lot of the low - income houses , " Kitto said , recalling the case .
" It 's just not like that . "
He learned that the family had little money .
The father , Alejandro Correa Reyes , works as a welder to provide for his wife and two children , one a 2 - month - old girl .
The 6 - year - old is also named Alejandro .
A PlayStation 2 , for which the parents had saved and intended to give to young Alejandro as a Christmas gift , was among the items stolen .
Two days before they could give him the $ 100 gaming console , it disappeared , just like the unknown burglar who entered their home by shattering a window with a chunk of concrete .
" When I was reading the report I was like , if my house got broken into and my kid 's stuff got stolen , I 'd just go buy him some more , " said Kitto , 36 .
" But that was n't an option . "
Many burglaries of this sort go unsolved .
But in this case , the Beaverton police caught a break .
The responding officer had lifted a fingerprint that matched those of Uriel Mendez Ramirez , 30 , a convicted thief .
On Feb. 18 , police arrested Ramirez , and on Monday he pleaded guilty to first - degree burglary and theft .
He received three years probation and an order to pay restitution .
While questioning Ramirez last month , Kitto found himself concerned primarily with returning the PlayStation to Alejandro .
" The only thing I wanted was , ' OK , where 's the PlayStation 2 , ' " Kitto said .
" And he told me he sold it to somebody for 25 bucks a few days earlier . "
Before returning to the Beaverton Police Department late last year , Kitto , who has two sons , spent six years assigned to the FBI as a computer forensics expert .
It was a job that forced him into gritty cases involving children , many of which were sex-exploitation cases .
" I 'm just kind of tired of seeing bad things happen to kids , " he said .
Kitto and his partner on the case , Detective Mark Kirlin , went to Canyon Exchange , a Beaverton pawnshop to buy a replacement PlayStation 2 .
But owners Mike and Jane Vaden refused to let the officers pay , telling Kitto to give it to the family .
Kirlin scavenged his home for PlayStation 2 games that his kids did n't play anymore .
On Feb. 22 , four days after Ramirez was arrested and nearly two months after the burglary , the detectives delivered the replacement console to the family .
Alejandro , the father , began to cry .
Alejandro , the son , reacted much as a 6 - year - old should after receiving a long - awaited present that he thought would never arrive .
" He lit up , " Kitto said .
" He immediately gave us hugs .
He was a happy camper . "
Kitto paused , not sure what to say once he had reached the story 's happy ending .
He added , finally , " It needed to be done . "
--
Slide 1 of 13 ,
Conrad Gessner based his picture of a rhinoceros on a picture made by the artist Albrecht Durer in 1515 .
Neither Durer nor Gessner saw a living rhinoceros .
In Gessner 's picture , the rhinoceros seems to be wearing a metal suit of armor .
National Library of Medicine
New exoplanet like ' one of ours '
By Doreen Walton
Science reporter , BBC News
An artists impression of CoRoT - 9 b which was spotted by the CoRoT satellite
It is 1,500 light - years from Earth but CoRoT - 9b is the first temperate planet found known to be similar to those within our own Solar System .
The presence of CoRoT - 9b was detected by a space mission designed to find planets we cannot see from the ground .
" It is the size of Jupiter and has an orbit similar to Mercury , " said lead researcher Dr Hans Deeg .
In the journal Nature , the scientists say it is the first planet of its type which can yield detailed information .
Eccentric orbits
More than 400 exoplanets , or planets outside the Solar System , have been discovered so far but Dr Deeg , who works at the Instituto de Astrofisica de Canarias in the Canary Islands , explained that the others have all been " exotic " .
" They are either extremely hot , being very close to the central star on short orbits , or they are on eccentric orbits , taking them close to and far from the central star , giving them extreme temperatures . "
CoRoT - 9b has a temperate climate .
" This is the first planet where it makes sense to apply the models developed for planets within our solar system , " said Dr Deeg .
We expect this to be a reference object for the next decade
Dr Hans Deeg
The surface temperature is estimated to be between about - 20 and 160 degrees Celsius .
Dr Deeg explained that although some of the exoplanets previously discovered were thought likely to be temperate it was not possible to confirm that or to find out much information about them .
The planet was discovered by an international team of 60 astronomers and identified using the " transit " method .
During its orbit of 95 days it passes in front of its central star , or transits , for about eight hours .
" The transit method enables us to obtain much more information about it , " explained Dr Deeg .
" We expect this to be a reference object for the next decade .
" We can derive its temperature as we know the distance to the central star and the type of central star it is . "
A blue planet ?
CoRoT - 9b was spotted by the CoRoT satellite , which is a mission led by the French space agency , Centre National d'Études Spatiales .
Its presence was then confirmed by observations from several telescopes from the European Southern Observatory , in Tenerife and at other sites .
" An analysis of the data from the satellite gives us the size and the data from the ground gives us the mass , " explained Dr Deeg .
" We do n't know the colour .
It 's likely that it has high atmosphere water clouds which might make it blue but that depends on the mixture of gases which we really do not know , " he added .
The scientists say the discovery of the planet shows that the development history of our Solar System has been repeated around other stars .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here we go again .
Last March , I reported that the Florida regulators had warned three travel agencies that sold insurance policies offered by bankrupt Prime Travel Protection Services of Arvada , Colo. , that its activities may have run afoul of state insurance statues .
Elliott Advocacy is underwritten by Insuremyrentalcar.com .
An independent provider of low cost CDW / LDW insurance for use with rental cars .
Up to $ 100,000 cover with no deductible .
Policies available on a per day , per trip or per year basis .
Also works with overseas rentals .
Try
An independent provider of low cost CDW / LDW insurance for use with rental cars .
Up to $ 100,000 cover with no deductible .
Policies available on a per day , per trip or per year basis .
Also works with overseas rentals .
Try Insuremyrentalcar.com now .
I quoted Nina Banister , a spokeswoman for Florida ’s Department of Financial Services , as saying the state had ordered the agencies to “ stop transacting business ” and that “ they ’re on notice that further activity is pending [ by the state ] . ”
Soon after that , Florida issued a press release stating , “ As a result of ongoing investigations into complaints about the sale of unauthorized travel insurance in Florida , Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink has notified three travel agencies that she intends to order them to stop selling insurance . ”
The legal notice to one of the agencies , Palm Coast Travel , alleges that the company “ directly or indirectly acted as agent for or otherwise represented or aided one or more unauthorized insurers … ”
The matter is still pending .
Now Palm Coast Travel has sued one of its customers , Peter Lay , and me , alleging among other things that I defamed the company when I reported the story .
Here ’s the full text of the complaint ( PDF ) .
Among Palm Coast ’s allegations against me are the following :
Elliott included among his reporting recent regulatory investigations of customer complaints regarding Prime Travel Protection and Jerry Watson .
Elliott ’s reporting included publication of false information regarding Palm Coast , which has and will continue to damage Palm Coast ’s business unless it is properly remedied .
Among the statements Elliott published were falsehoods that stated that Palm Coast had been ordered to cease doing business by the State of Florida .
No such order exists , and therefore that report was false .
Further , Elliott , when purporting to “ clarify ” his deliberately false statement regarding the State of Florida ’s investigation of travel insurance , did not fully remedy the false impression he fostered regarding Palm Coast ’s role .
Elliott ’s falsehoods were directed at , among other aspects of Palm Coast ’s business , its reputation in the trade or industry of travel .
Moreover , Elliott did not properly correct , clarify , or retract his falsehoods , despite proper notice .
That ’s certainly an interesting perspective on what happened .
Perhaps Palm Coast Travel ’s next step will be to sue the State of Florida for issuing the press release ?
( Photo : Mel B. / Flickr Creative Commons )
Share this :
Tweet
Print
( This post appeared at New Deal 2.0 . )
In December , we argued the urgent need to make public A.I.G. ’s emails and “ key internal accounting documents and financial models . ”
A.I.G.’s schemes were at the center of the economic meltdown .
Three months later , a year - long report by court - appointed bank examiner Anton Valukas makes it abundantly clear why such investigations are critical to the recovery of our financial system .
Every time someone takes a serious look , a new scandal emerges .
The damning 2,200 - page report , released last Friday , examines the reasons behind Lehman ’s failure in September 2008 .
It reveals on and off balance - sheet accounting practices the firm ’s managers used to deceive the public about Lehman ’s true financial condition .
Our investigations have shown for years that accounting is the “ weapon of choice ” for financial deception .
Valukas ’s findings reveal how Lehman used $ 50 billion in “ repo ” loans to fool investors into thinking that it was on sound financial footing .
As our December co-author Frank Partnoy recently explained as part of a major report of the Roosevelt Institute , “ Make Markets Be Markets “ , such abusive off - balance accounting was and is endemic .
It was a major cause of the financial crisis , and it will lead to future crises .
According to emails described in the report , CEO Richard Fuld and other senior Lehman executives were aware of the games being played and yet signed off on quarterly and annual reports .
Lehman ’s auditor Ernst & Young knew and kept quiet .
The Valukas report also exposes the dysfunctional relationship between the country ’s main regulatory bodies and the systemically dangerous institutions ( SDIs ) they are supposed to be policing .
The NY Fed , the regulatory agency led by then FRBNY President Geithner , has a clear statutory mission to promote the safety and soundness of the banking system and compliance with the law .
Yet it stood by while Lehman deceived the public through a scheme that FRBNY officials likened to a “ three card monte routine ” ( p. 1470 ) .
The report states :
“ The FRBNY discounted the value of Lehman ’s pool to account for these collateral transfers .
However , the FRBNY did not request that Lehman exclude this collateral from its reported liquidity pool .
In the words of one of the FRBNY ’s on - site monitors : ‘ how Lehman reports its liquidity is between Lehman , the SEC , and the world ’ ” ( p. 1472 ) .
Translation :
The FRBNY knew that Lehman was engaged in smoke and mirrors designed to overstate its liquidity and , therefore , was unwilling to lend as much money to Lehman .
The FRBNY did not , however , inform the SEC , the public , or the OTS ( which regulated an S&L that Lehman owned ) of what should have been viewed by all as ongoing misrepresentations .
The Fed ’s behavior made it clear that officials did n’t believe they needed to do more with this information .
The FRBNY remained willing to lend to an institution with misleading accounting and neither remedied the accounting nor notified other regulators who may have had the opportunity to do so .
The Fed wanted to maintain a fiction that toxic mortgage products were simply misunderstood assets , so it allowed Lehman to maintain the false pretense of its accounting .
We now know from Valukas and from former Treasury Secretary Paulson that the Treasury and the Fed knew that Lehman was massively overstating its on - book asset values : “ According to Paulson , Lehman had liquidity problems and no hard assets against which to lend ” ( p. 1530 ) .
We know from Valukas ’ interview of Geithner ( p. 1502 ) :
The challenge for the government , and for troubled firms like Lehman , was to reduce risk exposure , and the act of reducing risk by selling assets could result in “ collateral damage ” by demonstrating weakness and exposing “ air ” in the marks .
Or , in plain English , the Fed did n’t want Lehman and other SDIs to sell their toxic assets because the sales prices would reveal that the values Lehman ( and all the other SDIs ) placed on their toxic assets ( the “ marks ” ) were inflated with worthless hot air .
Lehman claimed its toxic assets were worth “ par ” ( no losses ) ( p. 1159 ) , but Citicorp called them “ bottom of the barrel ” and “ junk ” ( p. 1218 ) .
JPMorgan concluded : “ the emperor had no clothes ” ( p. 1140 ) .
The FRBNY acted shamefully in covering up Lehman ’s inflated asset values and liquidity .
It constructed three , progressively weaker , stress tests — Lehman failed even the weakest test .
The FRBNY then allowed Lehman to administer its own stress test .
Need we tell you the results ?
We believe that the Valukas report cries out for an immediate Congressional investigation .
As we did with A.I.G. , we demand the release of the e-mails and internal documents from the New York Fed and Lehman executives that pertain to analyses of Lehman ’s financial soundness .
What downside can there possibly be in making these records available for public analysis and scrutiny ?
Three years since the collapse of the secondary market in toxic mortgage product , we have yet to see significant prosecutions of the kind of fraud exposed in the Valukas report .
The SDIs , with Bernanke ’s open support , exorted the accounting standards board ( FASB ) to change the rules so that banks no longer need to recognize their losses .
This has made the SDIs appear profitable and allows them to pay their executives massive , unearned bonuses based on fictional profits .
If we are to prevent another , potentially more devastating financial crisis , we must understand what happened and who knew what .
Many SDIs are hiding debt and losses and presenting deceptive portraits of their soundness .
We must stop the three card monte accounting practices that create the potential and reality of fundamental misrepresentation .
A.I.G.’s CEO , its board of directors , and the trustees that are supposed to represent the interests of the American people have failed to respond to our December letter calling on them to release to the public the AIG documents that would be the treasure trove ( along with other SDI documents ) that would allow our nation to uncover and end the gamesmanship that caused this financial crisis and will bring us recurrent crises .
We call on them to act .
Eliot Spitzer is a former attorney general and governor of New York .
Roosevelt Institute Braintruster William Black is a professor of economics and law at the University of Missouri - Kansas City .
Iran ' not co-operating ' says new IAEA chief
Mr Amano is taking a tougher line than his predecessor , Mohamed ElBaradei Iran is not co-operating with the UN nuclear watchdog 's investigation into the country 's nuclear programme , the new head of the agency has said .
Iran 's insistence its nuclear programme was peaceful could not be confirmed , Yukiya Amano told the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in Vienna .
Mr Amano is taking a more critical line than his predecessor , analysts say .
The news is likely to strengthen calls for sanctions on Iran .
Iran 's foreign minister has rejected Mr Amano 's claim .
" The agency continues to verify the non-diversion of declared nuclear material in Iran , but we cannot confirm that all nuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities because Iran has not provided the agency with the necessary co-operation , " Mr Amano said .
He was speaking at a 35 - nation board meeting of the IAEA in Vienna , the first since he took over as the head of the organisation in December .
Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki rejected Mr Amano 's statement .
" We have fully co-operated with the agency .
This co-operation will continue , " he told journalists .
Sanctions call
The BBC's Bethany Bell in Vienna says Mr Amano 's address , and a report leaked earlier this month , are much more critical of Iran than the IAEA had been under its former head , Mohamed ElBaradei .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
This could strengthen calls for tough sanctions on Iran , which have so far been resisted by UN Security Council members Russia and China , our correspondent says .
Meanwhile , Glyn Davies , US ambassador to the IAEA , told the BBC that the existing sanctions on Iran had " an effect in slowing Iranian nuclear programme " .
He said it was important that in addition " to continuing to try to find ways to reach out to Iran " to at the same time " put pressure on them " .
Iran insists its nuclear enrichment programme is for peaceful civilian use .
It says it wants to increase the enrichment of uranium it has for power generation and for medical use .
It accuses the IAEA of being influenced by the US .
But critics say that Iran 's attempts to enrich uranium to 20 % are the first step to creating weapons - grade nuclear material .
Last year , Iran revealed a previously unknown nuclear facility in the mountains near the city of Qom .
Tehran has said it is planning 10 further sites to enrich uranium .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Saving the Euro Berlin and Paris Take Aim at Speculators
Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy are considering measures to limit the kind of speculation that has targeted the European common currency in recent weeks .
If Brussels does n't take action , France and Germany are prepared to go it alone .
The Bishop of Ferns , Denis Brennan , has asked the parishioners of County Wexford to help pay the costs of compensating victims of clerical sex abuse .
The general public firmly believes that the Catholic Church should sell their assets to help pay the compensation and legal costs .
“ It is absolutely disgusting , an insult to the people and an insult to the Catholic Church .
All the money they have and the buildings they own , Rome is the place that should pay or it , " said parishioner Peggy Kenny .
One unnamed parishioner said that she may give " a few extra bob " in the collections , but said the Vatican should pay the shortfall and should stop " rubbing people 's noses in it . "
In the church ’s defense , a Eucharistic minister at St Aidan 's Cathedral said , " I would give as there is no point looking back , we need to look forward . ”
Eilish Dempsey said that she has become disillusioned with the Catholic Church since the revelations of clerical abuse in the Ferns diocese .
" The cheek of them .
I am very surprised as the bishop is very well thought of .
Rome and the bishops should sell off their assets to pay for it , " said Dempsey .
Another unnamed member of the congregation said : " I 'm a Mass - goer and I wo n't give money to this .
This is the biggest disaster that has ever happened .
It 's absolutely crazy to ask people given the property they have and the state the town 's economy is in . "
Parishioner Paula Davis said : " It 's disgraceful to expect the parish to pay for pedophile priests .
They should sell off their assets to do this , " she added , " It 's like getting into debt and asking the priest to pay for something you 'd done wrong . "
* For destinations within the contiguous U.S. , orders totaling $ 59 or more ( before tax ) ship free and orders below $ 59 ship for $ 6.99 .
Multiple shipping addresses count separately .
For other destinations ( including international ) , shipping cost is calculated at checkout .
Delivery date will be estimated at checkout .
See Full Details
Candid photograph of Beyonce ( left ) ; Beyonce airbrushed in a Loreal ad ( right ) ; juxtaposition by Feministing .
As a woman of color who is deeply concerned and invested in interrogating the ways in which women continue to be marginalized , I ’ve often wondered why more work has n’t been done on the issue of colorism , both domestically and globally .
Not only has it played a tremendous role in the beauty myths that imperil women across the world but has also created disparities related to wealth , employment , politics , dating and popular culture .
Colorism usually makes its rounds through the public sphere in spurts , either from the latest celebrity fiasco ( see Michael Jackson or Sammy Sosa ) , political or corporate misstep , or scientific study , then quickly dissipates .
I ’ve written extensively about it but have become more and more frustrated by the lack of attention and collective action afforded the issue , combined with the myopic discussions that counter any productive analysis , especially when speaking of issues related to gender and place .
For example , although both men and women experience the explicit and subtle ramifications of color bias , there are few overt benefits accorded to dark - skinned women in the public sphere , especially when speaking in terms of beauty .
Darker - skinned men have headlined blockbuster films ( i.e. Samuel L. Jackson or Denzel Washington ) or been widely regarded as beautiful ( i.e. Reggie Bush or Morris Chestnut ) .
Can the same be said for darker - skinned women ?
Moreover , colorism has often been considered a Black or U.S. issue , but the color complex is global , diverse and multifaceted .
It impacts the way white people see and interact with people of color .
( Consider this new study finding that Obama supporters believe him to have lighter skin than his opponents do , or Senator Harry Reid ’s 2008 comments on the subject . )
And colorism operates in places as varied as Jamaica , India , Malaysia , Korea , the Dominican Republic and Mexico .
To appreciate just how pernicious colorism can be , consider these facts :
Dark - skinned defendants are more likely to be convicted and receive the death penalty than lighter - skinned ones .
India ’s skin- lightening cream Fair and Lovely boasts 38 million users worldwide .
Dark - skinned Brazilians make up 63 percent of the poorest sectors of Brazil .
These statistics and more make me cringe whenever I hear the phrases “ colorblind society ” or “ post - racial ” .
We live in a world where color matters ; so why are n’t we talking about it more ?
Read more about issues concerning racism here .
Howard Kurtz has an interesting piece today about how some Fox News employees seem to think Glenn Beck taints their brand .
Is n't this sort of like the madam in a brothel worrying about her reputation for virtue ?
The real shock in this story is that there are people at Fox News who still consider themselves " journalists " - funny , considering how they must already work within the ideological confines of Roger Ailes ' famous daily memos :
In just over a year , Glenn Beck 's blinding burst of stardom has often seemed to overshadow the rest of Fox News .
And that may not be a good thing for the top - rated cable news channel , as many of its staffers are acutely aware .
With his celebrity fueled by a Time cover story , best - selling books , cheerleading role at protest rallies and steady stream of divisive remarks , Beck is drawing big ratings .
But there is a deep split within
Fox between those -- led by Chairman Roger Ailes -- who are supportive , and many journalists who are worried about the prospect that Beck is becoming the face of the network .
By calling President Obama a racist and branding progressivism a " cancer , " Beck has achieved a lightning - rod status that is unusual even for the network owned by Rupert Murdoch .
And that , in turn , has complicated the channel 's efforts to neutralize White House criticism that Fox is not really a news organization .
Beck has become a constant topic of conversation among
Fox journalists , some of whom say they believe he uses distorted or inflammatory rhetoric that undermines their credibility .
Michael Cader did a brilliant analysis of Thursday ’s New York Times piece on ebook pricing , published exclusively for paid subscribers to Publishers Lunch .
The Times piece ’s shortcoming was that it tended to sensationalize the news that the prices the public will pay for current brand - name ebooks will be going up .
If you observe the book business for fun , you can perhaps afford not to have access to content like Michael ’s analysis .
But if you ’re in it for a living and you want to seriously keep up with what ’s going on , I suggest you save $ 20 somehow on other publications each month and reinvest it in a Publishers Marketplace membership .
I am not the only blogger moved to make this suggestion by this piece .
I am working under the rash assumption that Cader will not sue me for quoting his remarks without regard to fair use limitations ( particularly after the commercial in that first paragraph . )
Of course , I do my best to add some Shatzkin Files value to my quotes and paraphrases as well .
Michael ’s overall point , as I read it ( and these are my words , not his ) : “ we in the business know what ’s going on with ebook pricing ; apparently reporters outside the business do not .
And therefore a great deal of misunderstanding is circulated among the book - buying public and it behooves the trade publishing community to get the word out to make sure that the public understands what ’s really behind what they pay for ebooks . ”
His device to illustrate this point is to describe some common misunderstandings fostered by the Times piece — all of which are real misunderstandings and none of which are just convenient straw horses — and knock them down .
Frankly , it is only the overall point on which I ’m not sure I agree .
I am not convinced it makes much difference whether we push the “ truth ” out or not .
Amazon ’s recent “ concession ” statement over the Macmillan dust - up tried to channel potential consumer anger at Macmillan and away from them .
That ’s an effort that is bound to fail .
Everybody who buys from Amazon knows that they ’re buying from Amazon .
On the other hand , “ Macmillan ” is not an active book imprint at the moment in the United States .
The books the corporation called Macmillan puts out are under the imprints St. Martin’s , Farrar Straus , and Holt , and their subsidiary imprints .
My wife found the Macmillan Dictionary for Children online and that book is published by Simon & Schuster !
So good luck to Amazon trying to get the consumer to punish a corporate entity whose name is n’t on the cover of its books .
But the myths Cader describes are ubiquitous misunderstandings and they were clearly promoted in the Times piece .
As Michael describes them ( in italics ) :
* $ 9.99 never was the top e-book price ; people pay more than that every day .
The Times piece makes a big deal out of consumer expectations of the $ 9.99 price .
Cader points out that recent data from the ebook retailer Kobo described at Digital Book World — which shows that at Kobo they sell as many books for more than $ 9.99 as they do for exactly $ 9.99 — and Amazon ’s own data undercut that notion .
Cader says surveys of Amazon data have shown that 30 % of the SKUs are priced higher than $ 9.99 .
I have been told directly by a responsible person at Amazon that 4 % of the titles they sell are deep - discounted to $ 9.99 and those represent 25 % of the total sales .
Of the other 75 % of the sales , many ( most ) are less than $ 9.99 without necessarily deep - discounting , according to Cader , 30 % are more .
I have personally bought many Kindle books for more than $ 9.99 and some for more than $ 14.99 .
But what I ’d see as the biggest fallacy in this whole “ customer expectations ” meme was not mentioned by Cader .
So far we have a relatively small percentage of book readers who have ever purchased an ebook at all !
General consumer expectations can not be set by a sliver of the group who are early adapters .
In fact , publishers are being smart precisely because they are tackling this consumer pricing problem before the market really does become general and a large population of book readers do have experience with the current price structure .
* The implicit , false promise of cheap e-books was made by the people who profit , at very nice margins , from selling the devices , not from publishers .
This is true for the $ 9.99 books offered by Amazon and Sony and , now , Barnes & Noble .
Other etailers , like Kobo or B&N before the Nook , were offering that same price to keep up with ( keep down with ? )
Amazon .
But the central point is right .
Amazon created the expectation of $ 9.99 pricing to sell readers ; publishers did n’t create it to sell books !
The two companies most likely to save publishers from an Amazon stranglehold on their future general readership , Apple and Google , would also place “ margin from ebook sales ” very low on their list of objectives for participation in the ebook supply chain .
If the market really could stabilize with three or more reliable paths to the general ebook consumer , with price competition among the content , but not price - competition driven by external forces , it would be one of the most important strategic accomplishments of the current generation of publishing management , to whatever degree their policies enabled it to happen .
* Brand - new ebooks sold at $ 9.99 are generally sold at a loss by the retailer .
And , as Cader goes on to point out , this is led by a retailer with a $ 50 billion market cap with an implicit expectation that it will drive smaller retailers out of the game .
Publishers are taking the steps they are explicitly to encourage a more diverse marketplace .
So , Mr. and Ms. Consumer , whose side are you on ?
* People who can afford an ereading device can afford all proposed ebook prices .
Cader is making the point that conscientious reporters should make put price complaints into context .
I ’d personally dwell more on the “ dog bites man ” aspect of reporting that people favor lower prices .
Has anybody ever found a consumer who favored higher prices ?
Has anybody ever found anybody who would prefer to pay more for anything they buy ?
From here it would seem that all reports of what people say they want to pay or say they would pay in some hypothetical circumstances are pretty much meaningless .
Michael says “ put them in context . ”
I really wonder whether this kind of senselessly speculative commentary ought to be reported at all !
* Publishers are lowering [ my emphasis ] their ebook prices .
Cader captures the massive irony of what is going on here with this one .
From reading this piece or from reading Amazon ’s note to Macmillan , you ’d get the impression that “ greedy ” publishers are “ raising ” ebook prices .
That ’s not actually the case .
The publishers going to the Agency model are actually reducing their price per unit sold ; they ’re just insisting that booksellers not sell those books as loss leaders .
As Cader put it , “ we in the trade know that publishers are preparing to lower their ebook prices by 50 percent or more , and reduce their own profit margins .
But customers do n’t ; they hear that publishers are raising prices . ”
* The new “ top price ” is going to be $ 12.99 more often than not .
The public reporting is that the Agency - priced books from Apple will be $ 12.99 and $ 14.99 , with no additional detail .
Cader seems to know that most , or at least a large number , of those books will be at the lower of those two prices .
Undoubtedly , some people will refuse a book they want to read on a device they paid over $ 200 for because of a $ 5 difference in price ( $ 14.99 ) from their prior expectation ( $ 9.99 ) .
But somewhat fewer will be reluctant at $ 12.99 , which is where the price will apparently be a great deal of the time .
Certainly , nobody writing for a newspaper knows the future balance between those two price points .
* Surveys show many people will pay more than $ 9.99 for ebooks .
Cader points out ( and my personal repeated experience confirms ) that people often do pay more than $ 9.99 now , even according to the stats we ’ve seen .
But what he does n’t point out , so I will , is that those stats are stacked !
Amazon prices all the hottest and most desireable books at $ 9.99 , and therefore so does Kobo and other Amazon competitors .
So the clustering of consumer purchasing around that price is largely driven by the appeal of the product at that price point .
That is : people bought the book , not the price !
* Goldman Sachs says ebook prices are not the biggest factor in purchasing a device–but expensive devices are an obstacle .
This is from a survey that Cader has seen and I have not .
But the point is that portability is the main benefit consumers see in ebook devices , with price running second and ease of purchase nearly even with price as a perceived benefit .
Ebook purchase decisions are not made on price alone .
What this data also would tell us is that ebook reading is going to spread because the price of devices is coming down and the circulation of ebook - able devices , smartphones and iPads , is increasing regardless of dedicated reader prices .
* Publishers have rewarded and honored early ereader adopters with a lot of free book giveaways , and some very inexpensive price promotions .
Much has been made in other places ( not in the Times piece and not in Cader ’s report ) of the fact that the Kindle “ bestseller list ” contains a lot of free or almost - free books .
Some of those are public domain titles , but many are not .
Those that are n’t are provided by publishers as promotions , usually an offer of an older book by a multi - title author who has a new one just out .
Does any retailer billboard the publishers who “ have made books available for you for free ? ”
Not that I ’ve ever seen .
I do believe that the price of content will be driven down over time because of the laws of supply and demand .
The amount of content being made available every day is staggering .
However , the established publishing companies still have pretty much a monopoly position on curating and branding it .
Curating and branding save consumers an enormous amount of time and effort ; that ’s why they are willing to pay for them .
Publishers and the authors whose brands they are enhancing and maxmizing are operating in an increasingly competitive world , but they are both totally sensible and totally unremarkable in trying to maximize the rewards for their efforts .
Multiple Domains & Unique Nameservers
Without a doubt , it is a proven fact that websites which are hosted on multiple C Class IPs have a better recognition for Class C IP Addresses .
When you get yourself a different C Class IP Address to host each of your domains , it provides to be a better way to amplify the rankings on top search engines of the world .
The fact of the matter is that there are a number of ways in which webmasters have sought these services as there is a greater potential in the availability of the ranking structure .
Owning Multiple C Class IP Addresses have the feature to provide better ranking structures for your websites .
It has therefore been acclaimed by a large group of people in the web sphere who are seeking better ways to ensure that they can work hard to reach page one rankings on all major search engines .
With our Multiple C Class IP Services , you are guaranteed to give your websites a sure kick start in its
attempt to dominate the search engine rankings .
Contact our help desk now if you would like to know more about SEO Hosting or Multiple C Class IP Addresses .
Servers That Never Disappoint
When you opt for a C Class IP address to help you understand what you need , you will be happy to know that all of our clients have benefited with multiple C Class IP Hosting .
Our plans and packages pages include a number of IP buyout options that you can choose .
We have formulated packages as per a collected research process so that we can provide webmasters with precisely what they need .
Packages start from a basic 5 IP tryout for simple blog farm creations and range up to 70 C Classes .
If you are looking for a complex and further advanced system , you can opt for a customized package and you will be able to gain the best of C Classes that will match your requirements .
We have noticed that when it comes to C Class IP Hosting , a lot of webmasters need to find Class C's that are in conjunction with what they need .
Plenty of these webmasters have moved on to our servers as it offers a much better and advanced feature that cannot be found elsewhere .
During their hosting movement , one of the major questions that cross their minds is that of trying to know when and where their C Class IPs will come from .
If you are one such webmaster and if you are concerned about the need to know that you will not have your IPs repeated , you can contact our customer technical team at any time and we shall get back to you at the earliest .
If you are looking for a way through which you can set the right stability for your websites , you will be happy to know that you will now be able to find the best of services and more at a convenient and cheaper solution that cannot be found elsewhere .
Posted : 03:07 PM ET
[ UPDATE : It appeared that Wikipedia was back online as of about 4:30 p.m. ET . ]
Wikipedia was offline Wednesday afternoon after an overheating problem at the online encyclopedia 's European data center .
Wikipedia 's technical blog said the site 's servers shut themselves down to avoid damage from the heat .
Administrators tried to shift traffic to a cluster of servers in Florida , but " it turned out that this failover mechanism was now broken , causing the DNS resolution of Wikimedia sites to stop working globally , " according to the blog .
" This problem was quickly resolved , but unfortunately it may take up to an hour before access is restored for everyone , due to caching effects , " the blog said .
Trying to access wikipedia.com and wikipedia.org at about 2:45 p.m. ET produced a navigation error message .
One post to Wikipedia 's technical blog , by a user named Jimmy , found some humor in the situation : " And so we remember Thursday , March 25 , 2010 as the day every English speaking student failed their research papers . "
Posted by : Doug Gross -- CNN.com producer
Filed under : Internet
Posted by Larry Doyle on January 25 , 2010 11:24 AM |
Talk is cheap .
America is exasperated with the excessive pandering from the crowd in Washington and their cronies on Wall Street .
If President Obama and his handlers do not see that , they are less savvy than I thought .
America wants action .
America also wants people in Washington who will truly support them .
Unfortunately , America knows Barack ’s team is not positioned for that support .
America has grown weary , but accustomed , to the wailing and gnashing of teeth from both Washington and Wall Street .
Americans are tired of being the punching bag .
America ’s voice , heard last week in Massachusetts , is resonating throughout the nation and around the world .
Not surprisingly ( but certainly disappointingly ) , President Obama is resorting to his old campaign mode and style .
Mr. President , America does not want to hear your campaign rhetoric .
It ’s time to acknowledge your failures and take action .
What is your primary failure ?
Your team .
The Financial Times zeroed in on this very point the other day in writing , White House Nightmare Persists .
How might the White House alleviate this nightmare , not only for itself but more importantly for the nation ?
The FT asserts that unless
the president changes the way his White House works , things are going to continue to go badly for him , ” says the head of a Democratic think - tank .
“ Heads still have to roll . ”
I agree , heads do have to roll .
I said as much the other day in writing , If Wall Street Wants a Fight , Obama Should …
1. Fire Tim Geithner and replace him with Paul Volcker .
2. Fire Larry Summers and replace him with Harvard economist , Martin Feldstein .
3. Fire Mary Schapiro and replace her with New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo .
While Geithner did not rack up multiple millions on Wall Street , certainly Summers and Schapiro did .
Who else in Obama ’s administration made a quick and convenient pit stop on Wall Street to collect tens of millions in compensation ?
Rahm - bo picked up approximately $ 20 million dollars for a few quick years at Blackstone .
Nice work if you can get it .
I agree with the Financial Times that heads certainly do need to roll – and not for symbolic reasons .
Heads need to roll because this crowd does not fully espouse and promote the truth , transparency , and integrity America so badly wants and needs .
Ball in , Barack .
When will you realize your teammates are n’t operating from America ’s playbook ?
LD
Police across Europe are carrying out dozens of arrests of suspected members of a Russian mafia network dedicated to extortion and violent crime in numerous countries , Spanish police confirmed today .
At least 69 people have been arrested in raids that started over the weekend , with police claiming that the gang had exported the worst Russian mafia methods to numerous countries , including Britain .
" These people were prepared to kill if necessary and accepted tasks of that nature , " an anonymous Spanish police source told El País newspaper this morning .
" The operation is ongoing .
There will probably be even more arrests during the day , " a Spanish police spokeswoman said .
Spain 's special organised crime unit was in charge of the operation , she said , with 24 arrests in Barcelona , Bilbao and in the province of Valencia .
It was not clear where the other 45 arrests were made .
Investigators in Germany , Austria and Switzerland are also involved in the operation , according to Spanish media .
The arrests were reportedly mostly of low - level foot soldiers in a mafia network that stretched from Turkey via much of continental Europe to Ireland and Britain .
" This was a group that operated in various countries , " El País 's police source said .
The money was laundered through messenger companies and small businesses set up in Spain .
Those arrested were reportedly from Russia , Georgia and Armenia .
Police have carried out a series of operations against the Russian mafia and its money - laundering operations in Spain 's corruption - riddled property sector over the past four years .
Among those to have been detained in recent years is Zakhar Kalashov , accused of being a senior mafia boss .
Kalashov is on bail , awaiting sentence in a money - laundering trial that was carried out under tight security and that ended in December .
Spanish investigators complain that courts have been too ready to grant bail to the numerous alleged Russian mafia members they have detained .
" We had gained a lot of prestige in Europe for our operations against the Russian mafias and these decisions have thrown part of that work into the dustbin , " the El País source complained .
Alleged leaders of the Malyshevskaya criminal group are among those to have been released from jail on bail in recent times .
Kalashov himself was released from prison on bail a fortnight ago .
Those arrested today were recorded on phone - taps discussing his potential release , according to El País .
Manuscript Studies
Medieval and Early Modern
IV.vii .
Paleography : Punctuation
Medieval Eloquence
Pause and Effect
There is little literature on medieval punctuation , partly because there is so much evidence which needs to be studied , and partly because editors of texts have considered the effort needed to be a waste ( since usually the pointing is not authorial anyway ) .
However , as Parkes 's studies show , much can be learned about scribal practices by studying the punctuation used in a manuscript .
Generally , manuscripts tend to be more lightly and less consistently pointed than printed books ( and with the exception of the punctus , virgule , and the blank space , almost all of our modern marks of punctuation have come into use only since the thirteenth century ) .
Modern punctuation , designed to clarify syntactic structures rather than to indicate breathings , is largely a Renaissance invention , developing during the first generations of the printing press , and codified in the eighteenth century ( about the same time that capitalization and spelling became fixed in more or less their current form ) .
Among the earliest works showing " modern " punctuation is Francis Bacon 's Essays .
An interesting early discussion of the nature of modern punctuation can be found in Ben Jonson 's English Grammar ( composed ca. 1617 , printed posthumously in 1640 ) .
Eighteenth - and nineteenth - century punctuation practice varies considerably , but tends to be " heavy " ; current " light " punctuation is largely the invention of H. G. and F. G. Fowler , The King 's English .
The use of layout ( putting each " line " of verse on a new line , using indentations , etc. ) to punctuate verse is an invention of the later Middle Ages ( probably introduced to the English by the French , from whom the English learned rhyming and stanzaic forms , these being characteristics of French verse forms , not of native English verse ) .
Early English poetry ( Beowulf , for instance ) is written as prose , filling each writing line to the margin before beginning a new line .
Such " prose - like " poetry also tended to be punctuated in much the same way that prose was , except that the ends of poetic lines ( and , in Old English verse , the ends of half - lines ) were usually marked with some sort of punctuation symbol .
In later Middle English manuscripts , when layout comes to be used to punctuate verse , it was often considered to be all the punctuation that was necessary .
Thus , with the introduction of the use of layout as punctuation , other punctuation marks become less common in verse , with several notable exceptions : a virgule is often used to mark caesura within the line , the paragraphus or capitulum is used to mark the beginning of stanzas , and a punctus elevatus at the end of the line often indicates an unexpected continuation ( enjambement ) of the sensus into the next line rather than an " end- stopped " line .
[ This paragraph is a summary of a portion of M. B. Parkes 's article . ]
Littera notabilior : an enlarged letter ( often in a " display " script ) which is used to mark the beginning of a new section ( chapter , paragraph , sentence , stanza or line of verse , etc. ) ; can also be used for any " capital " letters .
Punctus (. or ‧ ) : the placement ( which could be at the baseline , in the middle , or at the headline ) was , according to a system elaborated by Isidore of Seville ( Etymologies I.20 ) , significant : in early punctuation systems , it was placed at the baseline to mark a pause in the middle of a sentence ( roughly like our comma ) , in the middle for a longer pause between clauses ( roughly like our semicolon ) , and at the headline for a long pause at the end of a sentence .
With the development of minuscule scripts , however , such relative heights are hard to judge , and this set of distinctions is largely abandoned in the later Middle Ages , and ․ and ‧ are more or less interchangeable ( usually used for a final pause , to mark the end of a sentence ) .
The punctus is the ancestor of our modern " period . "
Punctus versus ( which looks like a small " 7 " over a period ; it can look like a modern semicolon ) : usually used for a final pause , to mark the end of a sentence ( equivalent to a punctus ) .
Punctus elevatus ( which looks like an inverted semicolon , with the tail going up and to the left ) : used from the twelfth to the fifteenth century , and usually used to indicate a major , medial pause ( roughly equivalent to a modern comma or semicolon ) , usually where the sensus is complete though the sentence is not ( as , for instance , between clauses of a sentence ) .
It fell out of use in the fifteenth century , though it has obvious connections with the modern semicolon .
The modern semicolon ( Elizabethan " comma- colon " or " subdistinction " ) is a late sixteenth - century development , as is the modern colon .
Punctus flexus ( which can look like a tilde or a small " u " over a period ) : a tenth - century invention , though it never came into common use ; it was used to mark a minor medial pause where the sensus is not complete ( equivalent , then , to a comma when separating phrases within a clause ) .
Punctus interrogativus ( which sometimes looks like a tilde or just a squiggle above a period ) : used to indicate the end of a question ( rising intonation ) .
First appearing in the eighth century , it was not commonly used , since questions were easily recognized from their syntax .
The modern form (? ) and usage is a seventeenth - century invention .
Virgula suspensiva ( / ) : in common use from the thirteenth to the seventeenth century .
Often used for short pauses ( such as the caesura in the middle of a line of poetry ) , but sometimes was used as equivalent to the punctus .
It could be made increasingly emphatic by doubling or even tripling .
The comma as we know it is a sixteenth - century development ( the first known use in England was in a book printed in 1521 ) .
Colon ( : ) : unusual in English manuscripts before the late fourteenth century ; it is used to mark either a full or a medial pause .
Parkes indicates that , from the late thirteenth century , the punctus elevatus is seen in some European scripts without its ascending tail , and so takes on the appearance of a colon .
The use of this mark to indicate the end of a rhetorical " colon " ( which gives the modern mark its name ) is an early modern development .
Parkes also distinguishes between the colon and the double punctus , which looks similar but has a different origin and different usage .
In some early pointing schemes ( not widely dispersed nor of long influence , but which can be seen in some manuscripts , including English and Irish manuscripts , of the 9th and 10th centuries ) the duration of a pause was indicated by an increase in the quantity of points : one punctus (. ) indicated a short pause , a double punctus ( :) indicated a longer pause , and a triple punctus ( ჻ ) the longest pause ( Parkes , Pause and Effect , pp. 28 , 42 , 49 , and Glossary under " colon " and " double punctus " ) .
Hyphen ( - ) : appears in English manuscripts starting in the late thirteenth century ; its only common medieval use is to mark words broken at the ends of lines .
Parentheses or brackets : a fifteenth - century invention , to mark parenthetical material ; they were curved in the opposite direction from modern parentheses , and were usually accompanied by the underlining of the words between the parentheses : ) here are some medieval brackets (.
Underlining : is found in medieval manuscripts to mark quotations , direct speech , or parenthetical material ; it is also commonly used to highlight proper names , and can be used as a form of expunction ( to mark a word or words for deletion ) .
Exclamation mark : a modern invention , introduced in the seventeenth - century .
Apostrophe : the modern apostrophe is derived from a medieval mark of abbreviation , a suspension mark indicating that some letters are missing ( and therefore we use the apostrophe to mark a contraction ) .
Quotation marks : an eighteenth - century invention .
In medieval manuscripts , underlining was sometimes used to indicate direct speech or quotation , especially for Biblical quotations , but generally quotations were indicated by rhetorical rather than graphic means .
Dash : an eighteenth - century invention .
Capitulum : the Latin " capitulum " means " head , " and it gives us the Modern English word " chapter " ( the beginning or head of a new section of the work ) .
The chapter marker , a " C " with a vertical stroke , comes to be used not only to mark chapter divisions , but also paragraph divisions ( equivalent to the paragraphus , " ¶ " ) and sometimes even sentence divisions ( which is related to our modern practice of " capitalizing " the beginning of a sentence ) .
Paragraphus ( a " gallows - pole " or upper - case gamma , or § later ¶ ) : used to mark paragraph divisions .
Insertion signals : material missed was added between the lines or in the margin , with the point of insertion marked with a caret ( common from the twelfth century on ) or , sometimes , various " nota bene " signs , etc .
The word " caret " means " it is lacking . "
Omission signals : there are several common ways of indicating that a word or phrase was to be deleted : cancellation ( crossing out ) , expunction ( dots placed below the words or passage to be deleted ) , vacation ( enclosing passage between the syllables " va " and " cat " ; " vacat " = " it is void , empty " ) .
For my recent two - week trial of Nokia ’s N900 I decided to take WIND Mobile for a test drive as well .
Unfortunately , while the N900 continued to surprise and delight , Canada ’s new national carrier was a complete non-starter .
To best illustrate what I mean , here ’s a video I found on the Howard Forums .
If you replace “ dropped calls ” with “ no data connection ” it pretty much sums up my experience using WIND :
All the staff I had dealings with were friendly to a fault , but it was n’t just that I could n’t get a reliable data connection — I could n’t get a data connection at all .
A quick survey of WIND service in various locations in and around Toronto :
Pacific Mall – no data .
Yonge & Eglinton – no data .
The parts of the Yonge TTC subway line that are above ground – no data .
My home – no data , save for the one loaded web page after I got off the phone ( my other one ) with customer service .
My local WIND Mobile store – no data , until my SIM was swapped for a new one and even then it only worked for a few minutes .
I should note that I did at least get intermittent reception in the areas above for voice calls and texting , but even that was nowhere near as reliable as the rock - solid signal from my own carrier .
I also tested my SIM card ( at least the first one ) with WIND ’s own handsets in their store , and could n’t get a data connection on those either .
… Which is a real shame , as WIND otherwise has so many good things going for it .
They sell handsets and service without contracts and will even unlock your device for you after you ’ve been with them for three months .
And a current promotion has them effectively buying out your existing carrier contract with a $ 150 credit towards a WIND Mobile plan .
Yet the sad fact is that from where I ’m sitting WIND is a triumph of marketing at the expense of actually delivering a reliable product .
There ’s still time for them to get their act together , but with the launch of a new carrier in Southern Ontario and Montreal things are n’t going to get any easier .
Pada coretan kali ini saya ingin berbagi pengalaman ketika mengurus pembuatan SIM C secara langsung di Polrestabes Bekasi yang bertempat di ...
LG has unveiled what is the sure to be the first of many LED TVs to get the 3D treatment .
The LX9500 is illuminated by panels of LEDs directly behind the screen for local dimming , with the 55 - inch model alone boasting 1,200 of the semiconductor light sources .
The LEDs help the TV achieve a 10,000,000:1 dynamic contrast ratio while sporting an ultra - thin 22.3 mm ( less than 1 inch ) deep body with a stylish 16 mm super - narrow bezel .
Other features of the full HD 1080 p set include TruMotion 400 Hz ( 480 Hz ) , NetCast support , Wireless AV Link and HDMI 1.4 .
Video calling using
Skype is possible with an optional video camera , and the unit is DLNA ready with an optional DLNA dongle .
The LX9500 uses active shutter glasses that can be recharged via USB for up to 40 hours of uninterrupted viewing pleasure – after which you should probably toddle off to bed .
The LX9500 can also play HD DivX , MP3 , JPEG play and MPO files through its USB port .
The low profile bezel hides the unit ’s 10W + 10 W + 5W “ Invisible Speakers ” and the set includes LG ’s Clear Voice II technology to help clean up dialogue .
Coming in 47 - and 55 - inch versions , the LX9500 is part of LG ’s INFINIA 3D line and will first be available in Korea , followed by North America , Europe and other key markets by early May .
Premiering Sunday ( March 21 ) at 8 pm on the Discovery Channel in the US : Life , a new documentary miniseries from the producers of Planet Earth .
Set your DVRs now !
Back in 2006 , we were treated to Planet Earth , a BBC / Discovery Channel coproduction which was the most expensive nature documentary series ever commissioned by the BBC , and the first shot in full HD .
It was a groundbreaking series , and for good reason -- four years of hard filming brought us spectacular photography and compelling narratives , making every one of its eleven episodes memorable .
Now , four years later , the team is back with Life , a series that promises more of the same -- and boy , does it deliver .
It took 70 camerapeople in 50 countries to shoot this thing .
Here 's the trailer :
Now , let me back up for a minute and talk about how documentary reviewing works , at least for me as a blogger .
Media outlets ( in my case , PBS and several science - related cable channels ) send me their upcoming schedules , and I pick out shows that might interest the mental_floss audience .
I ask for " screeners " ( generally hand - burned DVDs , often not the final versions of the shows ) which then arrive in the mail with a brief info packet , or a link to some website with PR info .
I watch the DVD , and if I think it 's good , I write about it .
To be honest , a lot of the time the material is n't good enough to write about , and that 's that .
On those happy occasions when the material is good , I write it up right here .
So it was a big surprise when I got the Life press kit .
Normally a press kit for a documentary is a DVD ( sometimes two , if it 's a two - parter ) with a handmade label , and a few photocopied sheets of press info .
Everything is stamped with " for press review only , " has no commercial value , and so on .
But the Life press kit is basically a gigantic coffee - table book with an embedded video playing device -- yes , a video screen inside the book , with speakers -- and screeners available both in DVD and Blu-ray .
( See video of the kit here . )
As soon as I saw the kit , I was suspicious : the kit was so elaborate that I thought either a ) the film is n't that great , so it needs massive PR help ; or b ) the film is SUPER GREAT and Discovery is so psyched about it that they went a little nuts on the PR front .
I 'm pleased to announce that it 's the latter -- actually watching five hours of the show ( including some on Blu-ray ) , it is absolutely spectacular , and very much in the vein of Planet Earth .
This is , hands - down , the best nature documentary you 're going to see this year .
It appears that the press kit is a further reflection of the focus on new technology and obsession with quality that went into the making of Life , like Planet Earth before it .
The Good News
All of the good qualities of Planet Earth are back : top - notch photography , full HD , lots of slow - motion ( 2,000 fps , according to some producer interviews ) , excellent editing , and in every episode some new creature you 've never heard of , doing unbelievable ( and often nearly unfilmable ) things .
I was often left wondering how particular shots were done -- but I began to ignore that as I got sucked into the drama of events unfolding on - camera .
See , Life is about living creatures , while Planet Earth was nominally about habitats ( although it then focused on the creatures that live in those places , and how they 've adapted -- really , the same thing is going on here , but the conceit has shifted to be animal - focused rather than habitat - focused ) .
For Life , the producers have found all sorts of bizarre stuff -- toads that roll into a ball and jump off cliffs to avoid being eaten by giant spiders , fish that live in underwater / underground tunnels , komodo dragons that kill water buffalo , monkeys who use tools to crack nuts .
It 's awe - inspiring .
Here 's a clip from the Reptiles & Amphibians episode -- note that this is n't the balling - up toad I mentioned ; that one is shown later in the episode ( yes , they found two different types of toad who use different leaping - from - heights techniques to avoid death ) :
Another huge bit of good news is that the HD really , really matters here .
I watched several episodes on DVD and thought , yeah , that looks really good -- but then I saw one on Blu-ray and was blown away .
This material shines in HD , finally giving you a good reason to have that expensive HD cable package and fancy TV .
Also , the series is family - friendly , at least for kids who are old enough to withstand scenes of animals in danger and some " light carnage " in the wild .
While there are scenes of animal courtship ( especially fish and birds ) , as well as plenty of animals eating each other , in general I think this is very appropriate for family viewing .
The producers definitely have you on the edge of your seat , wondering who lives and who dies .
I wo n't ruin it by telling you what happens -- but I will say that yes , some animals do die on - camera .
The Bad News
Like Planet Earth , Life uses different narrators for the Discovery and BBC versions .
The BBC version features David Attenborough , and the Discovery version featured Oprah Winfrey .
( Planet Earth used Sigourney Weaver in the US . )
There was a lot of controversy and moaning about this last time around -- why not just have one narrator for both markets ?
( And why not have that narrator be Attenborough ? )
Having watched Planet Earth with both narrators and Life with just Winfrey , I have to say that Attenborough is awesome , though Winfrey is n't bad .
The narrator thing is n't a dealbreaker , though I know many fans wait until the Attenborough version is available on Blu-ray to purchase the series .
( I did that for Planet Earth , and plan to do so again . )
The only other complaint I can muster is that some of the material is just your typical nature documentary -- but shot in HD by some of the best photographers in the world .
It 's hard to say this is really a fault , but you do sometimes get into a state of overload , having seen some absurdly amazing scene of animals doing something you never expected them to do ( a good example is the dolphins who create a " mud ring " to catch fish ) -- after that , anything would seem plain .
But so far , all the episodes I 've seen have featured multiple " holy crap " moments , which make them very much worth watching .
So my point is : expect a mixture of the astounding and the merely excellent ; the latter bits are when you can go get more snacks .
Summary
Life is exactly what I think it should be : a continuation of Planet Earth in style , material , and quality .
Given that Planet Earth was incredibly beautiful and wildly popular , you 've got eleven hours of quality programming here .
Add that to your Planet Earth Blu-ray set , and you 've got a heck of a way to spend your weekend .
To whet your appetite further , here 's a video of the producers discussing various " firsts " in the series :
Life premieres this Sunday , March 21 , at 8 pm on Discovery in the US .
Two episodes are shown back - to - back , and another two - hour block airs a week later .
Check out the full schedule on Discovery 's Life site .
Life has already been shown on the BBC ( late in 2009 ) , so if you want more info on specific episodes , check out that link for Wikipedia 's rundown on the BBC version .
Hurry up !!
Make great use of the offer reduced 50 % and buy our Product ×
Exclusive Marketplace Hundreds of PSD templates , mobile applications , UI & material elements !
Upload your own
handmade digital items and make money !
All Category admin Android Booking Business business Clone Scripts Cources Crowdfund Directory Script drupal ecommerce Ecommerce Education Graphics Hospital and Healthcare Job portal Joomla joomla landing page magazine magento Marketplace megento miscellaneous MLM Script multi purpose News Portal opencart themes others portfolio prestashop prestashop theme real estate Real Estate Script Travel under construction wedding Wordpress wordpress Search
Brazil slaps trade sanctions on US over cotton dispute
The WTO has ruled that subsidies to US cotton producers are discriminatory The Brazilian government has announced trade sanctions against a variety of American goods in retaliation for illegal US subsidies to cotton farmers .
The World Trade Organization ( WTO ) approved the sanctions in a rare move .
Brazil published a list of 100 US goods that would be subject to import tariffs in 30 days , unless the two governments reached a last - minute accord .
It said it regretted the sanctions , but that eight years of litigation had failed to produce a result .
It said it would raise tariffs on $ 591 m ( £ 393 m ) worth of US products - from cars , where the tariff will increase from 35 % to 50 % , to milk powder , which would see a 20 % increase in the levy .
US farm subsidies are condemned worldwide .
This archaic practice must stop
Carlos Marcio Cozendey
Brazil 's foreign ministry Cotton and cotton products would be charged 100 % import tariff , the highest on the list .
The Office of the US Trade Representative said it was " disappointed " by Brazil 's decision and called for a negotiated settlement .
Critics say the US has given its cotton growers an unfair advantage by paying them billions of dollars each year .
In 2008 , the WTO ruled that subsidies to US cotton producers were discriminatory .
Tall order HAVE YOUR SAY Government subsidies for local producers should only be allowed in response to short term need after natural disasters or periods of serious economic hardship Peter Galbavy Carlos Marcio Cozendey , head of economic affairs at Brazil 's foreign ministry , told a news conference : " The idea was to distribute the retaliation broadly in order to maximise pressure .
" US farm subsidies are condemned worldwide .
This archaic practice must stop . "
However some analysts say major changes to these subsidies would involve modifying agricultural legislation - a tall order for the US Congress against a difficult economic and political backdrop , says the BBC's Gary Duffy in Sao Paulo .
Our correspondent says the dispute , which began in 2002 , is one of the few in which the WTO has allowed cross-retaliation , meaning the wronged party can retaliate against a sector not involved in the case .
He adds that it appears the Brazilian government has deliberately chosen a wide range of products in order to have maximum impact .
Safety net Cotton producers in the US argue that the system of subsidies has changed since the WTO made its original ruling in 2005 .
" The US has made changes in the cotton programme as well as the export guarantee programme , " Gary Adams , chief economist at the National Cotton Council told the BBC , adding that US cotton production was now 40 % to 45 % lower .
Mr Adams said he believed that subsidies were still justified .
" We feel this is a very important financial safety net for producers , " he said .
Steven Bipes of the Brazil - US Business Council urged the US to take steps to avoid what he called " damaging " retaliation by Brazil .
" The business community finds it extraordinarily important that countries , including the US , comply with its WTO obligations and otherwise negotiate to find common ground when there are disputes , " he told the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lest we forget that the Right lies , at every opportunity and about pretty much anything , they do .
Media Matters :
Right - wing media have seized on a dubious , three - month old email " survey " that purports to show that physicians are concerned about health care reform and that 46 percent of the primary care doctors surveyed " indicated that they would leave medicine - or try to leave medicine - as a result of health reform . "
Many media figures have falsely attributed this survey to the New England Journal of Medicine .
For example , on Fox & Friends , co-host Brian Kilmeade said : " The New England Journal of Medicine has published a report and did a survey , and they said the impact of reform on primary care physicians , 46 percent , they say , feel reform will force them out or make them want to leave medicine . "
This is false .
Media Matters for America contacted the New England Journal of Medicine , which confirmed it neither conducted nor published the " survey . " ....
The " report " that right - wing media are citing actually appeared in Recruiting Physicians Today , which is an employment newsletter produced by " the publishers of the New England Journal of Medicine . "
According to Zeis , that report actually " was written by the Medicus Firm , " the medical recruitment firm that conducted the " survey . "
There are concerns for doctors in this bill , one of which is the independent Medicare commission which adds a second layer of of potential cuts on them -- which hospitals and PhRMA are exempt from -- despite the fact that Congress already has the ability to slow the rise of Medicare payments to physicians .
That is a legitimate concern for doctors and one that needs to be addressed before the provision kicks in , if this bill does pass .
But are they threatening to leave the field over it ?
We 'd need a legitimate survey to tell us that .
This one is n't .
Unable to make the digital media dollars add up to their liking , Viacom will remove “ The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , ” “ The Colbert Report ” and other Comedy Central television shows from Hulu next week .
Although the companies said Tuesday evening that they were parting amicably , the decision represents the first major fracture between television show owners and the wildly popular video Web site .
Viacom ’s decision is a serious loss for Hulu — this week “ The Daily Show ” is listed as the third most - watched TV show on the site — and it is a reminder that content owners can control just how much video — or how little — is placed online for all to view .
At the moment , that spigot is being tightened , in part to protect the industry ’s primary revenue stream , cable and satellite distribution .
However , the severing of ties with Hulu does not represent a strategic shift for Viacom .
Comedy Central will continue to stream full episodes of the shows on TheDailyShow.com and ColbertNation.com , respectively .
Viacom ’s Comedy Central channel reached a programming agreement with Hulu in mid-2008 that placed “ The Daily Show , ” “ The Colbert Report ” and a sampling of other shows on the service .
“ In the past 21 months , we ’ve had very strong results for both Hulu and Comedy Central , in terms of the views and revenue we ’ve generated , ” said Andy Forssell , senior vice president of content and distribution for Hulu , in a blog post Tuesday evening .
Mr. Forssell said that Hulu ’s viewers had been “ extremely vocal and passionate ” about “ The Daily Show ” and “ The Colbert Report . ”
In a message that seemed written specifically for Comedy Central , he said that Hulu had “ driven steadily increasing revenue per view ” for the shows “ as advertisers voted with their budgets to take advantage of innovative ad formats and very strong advertising effectiveness . ”
“ After a series of discussions with the team at Comedy Central , though , we ultimately were unable to secure the rights to extend these shows for a much longer period of time , ” he said in the blog post .
Hulu said it was talking to Comedy Central about “ a number of opportunities , ” and said viewers should “ stay tuned . ”
TV episodes and individual films regularly rotate on and off of Hulu , in accordance with the site ’s agreements with the content providers .
The site ’s candor is impressive ; it explains the limits placed on each show , and episodes and clips are marked with icons that indicate their expiration dates .
But the removal of entire shows is unusual , especially one as popular as “ The Daily Show . ”
The three - year - old Hulu dominates the burgeoning market for online TV viewing , with more than 44 million monthly visitors , according to ComScore .
The site ’s monthly video view totals have skyrocketed in recent months , from 580 million last September to 1.01 billion last December .
Three of the broadcast networks , ABC , NBC and Fox , own stakes in Hulu .
Viacom ’s decision may suggest that the economics of Hulu make less sense for content providers that lack equity in the Web site .
“ We tried to reach a deal ; we got close ; we continued to talk even over the weekend .
But we could not agree on a price , ” said a person involved in the Viacom negotiations who requested anonymity because the process was conducted in private .
The companies declined to say what prices were discussed .
Hulu ’s deals with content owners revolve around an advertising revenue split ; the owners typically receive 50 to 70 percent of the revenue , and Hulu keeps the rest , according to industry executives .
Because “ The Daily Show ” and “ The Colbert Report ” are so popular on the service , Viacom may have insisted on an upfront payment as well , although representatives for the companies would not confirm this .
“ There have certainly been instances where there was a premium paid for what you might call the ‘ halo effect , ’ ” the person involved in the negotiations said .
In Hulu ’s case , the “ halo effect ” would be the users who come for Mr. Stewart ’s jokes and stay to watch other shows .
A Comedy Central spokesman declined to say whether the channel would strike a distribution deal with one of Hulu ’s competitors .
In a statement , the channel said :
Comedy Central has made “ The Daily Show with Jon Stewart ” and “ The Colbert Report ” available to consumers through Hulu since June 2008 .
Although that agreement has concluded , full - length episodes of each show will remain available at TheDailyShow.com and ColbertNation.com , respectively .
Hulu was one of the many digital distribution partners we ’ve worked with over the past few years to add new outlets for our valuable and powerful content and to help drive the businesses of our partners .
We had a great experience with Hulu , and we hope to work with its team again in the future .
Hulu users who have added “ The Daily Show ” and “ The Colbert Report ” to their queue will be informed of their removal later today , a spokeswoman said .
By continuing to browse , you accept the use of cookies to enhance and personalise your experience .
Learn More .
Cookies are audience measurement tools used on most of the internet 's websites .
Jamendo uses cookies to identify the music you listen to , through Google Analytics .
By better knowing the music you like , we are able to make better recommandations , and thus improve your overall experience with us .
Jamendo guarantees that your data will never be disclosed or sold to any third party .
Click here to disable the use of cookies .
Rona Williams tells how she was swept along motorway for almost a minute before truck driver realised car was trapped
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The driver of a car filmed being shunted sideways along a motorway under the front bumper of a tanker lorry at 60 mph telephoned the emergency services and yelled : " I 'm going to die " , she has recalled .
The terrifying incident was filmed by a passenger in another car , and the footage has been watched by hundreds of thousands of people since it was uploaded on YouTube last week .
Rona Williams , a 31 - year - old vet from York , said she had joined the A1 ( M ) near Leeds when her Renault Clio was clipped by the lorry and spun around , ending up lodged beneath the bumper .
The truck driver , oblivious to what had happened , continued to drive at around 60 mph .
" I just felt a knock and then I was travelling sideways , twisted 90 degrees clockwise , " Williams told the Daily Mail .
She said she attempted to alert the driver by sounding her horn and flashing her hazard lights , but he appeared not to notice .
" I kept thinking : ' Nobody knows I 'm here .
Nobody has seen me , ' " she said .
" I tried everything .
" I was watching other cars , thinking : ' Help me , just help me , ' but they did n't seem to be doing very much . "
Williams then alerted the emergency services on her mobile phone .
" I was n't on hands - free , but I figured I was n't really driving the car , " she told the paper .
" I just screamed at the operator : ' I 'm going to die , I 'm going to die .
Can you do something ?'
" She tried to calm me down , but there was n't really anything she could do at the end of the phone . "
The ordeal lasted almost a minute before the lorry driver realised what had happened and stopped on the hard shoulder .
" He did n't seem overly concerned , " she said .
" He even asked if I thought he needed to hang around . "
Williams said she was impressed that her " tough little car " had escaped with just a dented side panel and damaged tyres .
Arclid Transport , the owner of the lorry involved , and West Yorkshire police have both said they are looking into the incident .
SACRAMENTO — Former Rep. Tom Campbell on Friday used the first debate in the California Senate race to demand that his challengers not engage in a “ whispering campaign ” claiming he is against Israel or anti-Semitic .
Campbell and his two opponents in the Republican primary — former Hewlett - Packard Chief Executive Carly Fiorina and state Assemblyman Chuck DeVore — participated in their first debate , organized by a Sacramento radio station .
Fiorina joined by telephone .
Campbell requested the debate after his opponents began questioning his support for Israel .
Those questions were based on his voting record when he served in the House of Representatives , and on a campaign donor who later was revealed to have ties to a U.S. - listed terrorist organization .
The attacks on Campbell took a sharper turn after the Los Angeles Times reported that Fiorina ’s campaign manager , Marty Wilson , told former California Secretary of State Bruce McPherson that Campbell was an anti-Semite .
Wilson denied he had said it , but the report spread quickly across the Internet and worked its way into news stories .
Fiorina and DeVore subsequently questioned whether Campbell was sufficiently supportive of Israel during his five terms in office .
“ There ’s no place for calling me an anti-Semite and then denying it , ” Campbell said about a topic that dominated the first half of the hourlong debate .
“ That whispering campaign , that silent slander , stops today . ”
Fiorina said her campaign manager assured her he did not accuse Campbell of being anti-Semitic .
But , she noted , Campbell had voted to cut foreign aid to Israel , and that he was one of only 34 members of Congress who voted against Jerusalem being the undivided capital of Israel .
DeVore took a swipe at Fiorina ’s campaign for making “ unsubstantiated charges , ” referring specifically to the anti-Semite dust - up .
But he refused to back away from calling Campbell a “ friend to our enemies ” for associating with a University of South Florida professor who later pleaded guilty to conspiring to aid a Palestinian terrorist group .
Campbell received a $ 1,300 campaign contribution from Sami Al - Arian in 2000 and later wrote a letter on his behalf asking the university not to fire him .
Campbell said the contribution came as the Republican Party was reaching out to Muslims and years before the criminal charges were filed .
“ I certainly wish I had done a better job of finding out who he was at the time , ” Campbell said .
The assertion that Campbell does not view Israel as a friend is an important one in a primary in which evangelical Christians will help determine who will advance to the general election .
The GOP nominee will face Democrat Barbara Boxer , who is seeking a fourth term .
Many Republicans strongly support Israel ’s right to exist as a Jewish state .
Campbell said he has never flinched from showing strong military support for Israel .
On domestic issues , the three candidates clashed mostly on taxes .
Again , Fiorina and DeVore primarily attacked Campbell — the front - runner in the Republican primary , according to polls .
They questioned Campbell ’s past support of tax increases at the state level .
For example , Campbell endorsed Proposition 1A on California ’s special election ballot last May , which would have extended a series of temporary taxes .
He also called for a one - year , 32 cents - per - gallon gasoline tax .
Campbell , a former finance director for Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , said his support for past tax increases was aimed specifically to help California close its budget deficits .
He said he does not support tax increases at the federal level .
To celebrate the gorgeous weather this weekend , friends and I went hiking in the hills of Oakland at the Huckleberry Botanic Regional Preserve .
For those who do n’t know it , this is one of the smaller parks in East Bay Regional Park system , consisting of approximately 240 acres ( compare that with Redwood Regional Park ’s more than 1800 acres ) … but what it lacks in size , it makes up for in distinctive character .
As you may have guessed from its name – Botanic Preserve – the park hosts a unique native plant community found nowhere else in the East Bay .
The main hiking trail through Huckleberry is called the Self - Guided Nature Path , which is a well - marked 1.7 mile loop through a variety of terrain displaying the various stages of plant succession that contribute to California ’s landscape .
The trails are narrow single - track and because of the fragile nature of the preserve , dogs , bicycles , and horses are all prohibited , which makes for a very peaceful hike .
Remember to pick up the Self - Guided Nature Path pamphlet at the trailhead if you want to read about the various plants and stages of ecological development at each numbered marker .
The earliest stages of plant succession have their roots ( pun intended ) in the rocky nutritionally poor soil found in portions of this park .
These areas were laid down as part of the ocean floor millions of years ago , comprised of bands of shale interspersed with the skeletal remains of early marine creatures .
Eventually uplifted and exposed due to erosion , the soil has a gravelly texture , poor water holding capacity , and low nutrient values .
Sounds bleak , right ?
Not really .
The fractured bedrock below the service holds water for deeper roots while the top layers provide excellent drainage , which happens to be the perfect environment for our shrubby chaparral species such as manzanita , including the rare and endangered Alameda Manzanita .
Additional moisture is obtained from winter rains and summer fog ( as the park is located due east of the Golden Gate ) , and the north facing slopes are shaded from late afternoon sun .
These cool moist conditions contribute to the evolutionary process of succession , where “ plant species thrive for a time , but are gradually replaced by other species .
In this way , the manzanitas eventually surrender and succumb to other species such as huckleberry , silktassel , and chinquapin .
All this time , leaf and branch litter is deposited in greater quantities , soil development becomes richer and deeper , and each succeeding species ’ leaf canopy continues to develop upward , eventually shading over and killing the previous species .
Over a long period of time , this successional development will inevitably progress toward oak / bay forest [ see picture below , right side ] ” ( Huckleberry Self - Guided Nature Path brochure )
Another unique feature of this park is its year - round display of plants in bloom .
Right now you can see the pink flowering currants ( pictured above ) , among others .
And the small side trail to markers 8 - 9 - 10 offers a lovely lookout on Mt. Diablo ( pictured above ) .
Did you know there was an effort underway to rename it Mt. Reagan ?
I am happy to report , however , that the Contra Costa Board of Supervisors recently decided against it ( article here ) .
Despite the fact that a Christian zealot thought it profane to refer to it as “ the devil , ” a large number of supporters , including residents and community organizations , voiced their opinions to keep the name intact .
Thank God . 😉
THE AMERICAN people are angry — for good reason .
About 20 percent of our workforce is unemployed or under - employed , health insurance premiums are soaring while more and more people lose coverage , we are looking at record - breaking deficits , global warming threatens the planet , young people can’t afford college , and we are fighting two wars .
In the midst of all this , facing the greatest set of crises since the Great Depression , the Republican Party has become the “ Party of No . ’’
Senate Republicans have engaged in a record number of filibusters and other obstructionist tactics .
More than 280 bills passed by the House have not yet been considered in the Senate .
Day after day Republicans slow down legislation and use the Senate ’s arcane rules to make sure nothing is accomplished .
One senator called for the complete reading of a 700 - page amendment .
Another put a “ hold ’ ’ on all of President Obama ’s nominees .
Another recently delayed American workers from receiving extended unemployment and health insurance benefits .
Meanwhile , people who voted for Obama and the Democrats are wondering why the majority party is always on the defensive and why , with large majorities in both chambers , they still ca n’t pass legislation to address needs of the middle class and working families .
I do a national radio show every week and I continuously hear such words as “ disappointed , ’’ “ disgusted , ’’ and “ frustrated . ’’
People are hurting ; they want action from Congress , now .
The good news is that , in order to get this country moving again , all the Democrats have to do is to use the same Senate procedure that Republicans employed — time and time again — in the past .
The “ reconciliation process ’’ requires a simple majority of 51 votes to pass legislation in the Senate , not 60 .
I find the hypocrisy extraordinary that when Democrats now talk about using reconciliation , Republicans begin whining and howling about how unfair and undemocratic it is .
They have used that very same approach time after time when it suited their purposes .
Remember Newt Gingrich ’s “ Contract with America , ’’ the bible of the Republican Revolution of the 1990s , which attempted to slash Medicare and Medicaid , cut education , raise taxes on working families , weaken environmental standards , and give huge tax breaks to the rich ?
Before President Clinton vetoed that bill it passed by reconciliation .
In fact , of the 22 times that reconciliation has been used since 1980 , Republicans have used it 16 times — often to provide tax breaks to the wealthy and slash health care for the elderly and poor .
Sen. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , among many Republicans , is now a critic of reconciliation .
But back in 2005 , when the Republicans used it , he sang a different tune : “ All this rule of the Senate does is allow a majority of the Senate to take a position and pass a piece of legislation ...
Is there something wrong with majority rules ? ’’
Gregg was right then .
He ’s wrong now .
In 1985 , Congress provided health insurance for the unemployed , a backstop insurance policy commonly known as COBRA .
Do you know what COBRA stands for ?
It ’s the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act .
In 1996 , Republicans used reconciliation to pass legislation that ended six decades of welfare policy .
In 2001 , Republicans used reconciliation to pass President Bush ’s $ 1.35 trillion tax cut that mainly benefited the wealthy .
In 2003 , Republicans increased the deficit by $ 350 billion by providing generous tax breaks for the wealthy and large businesses .
In 2005 , Republicans passed a reconciliation bill without a single Democratic vote that provided deep cuts to Medicaid and raised premiums on Medicare beneficiaries .
Republicans believed in reconciliation when George W. Bush was president and wanted to push an agenda that benefited the wealthy and large corporations .
Now , however , they vigorously oppose reconciliation because some of us want to reform a disintegrating health care system and make college more affordable for working families .
The American people have had enough of this double standard .
The Democrats were elected to govern and to address the problems this country faces .
It is time for the Democrats to use the same reconciliation rules Republicans used over and over again .
The time to act is now !
Senator Bernie Sanders , independent from Vermont , is a member of the Senate Budget Committee .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Now vegans are covered by Harman 's equality law
Under Harman 's controverisal new equality laws , Vegans are to be given the same protection against discrimination as religious groups
Vegans , teetotallers and atheists are to be given the same protection against discrimination as religious groups , under Harriet Harman 's controversial new equality laws .
People who do not eat products and refuse to wear leather have been singled out for inclusion under the new legislation by Labour 's super - quango - the Equalities and Human Rights Commission .
Official guidance issued by the body points out that the ' ethical commitment ' of vegan 's to animal welfare is ' central to who they are ' .
The code of practice explains the legal implications of the equality bill states that religions need not be mainstream or well known for their adherents to gain protection .
The Equality Bill , masterminded by Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman , is due to come into force this Autumn .
It makes it a legal requirement for public authorities , including schools , to consider the impact of all their policies on minority groups .
But the guidance explains : “ A belief need not include faith or worship of a god or gods , but must affect how a person lives their life or perceives the world . ”
Singling out vegans as meriting protection from religious discrimination , it says : ' A person who is a vegan chooses not to use or consume animal products of any kind .
' That person eschews the exploitation of animals for food , clothing , accessories or any other purpose and does so out of an ethical commitment to animal welfare . '
A spokesman from the commission explained : ' This is about someone for whom being vegan or vegetarian is central to who they are .
This is not something ‘ thought up by the commission ’ .
' Parliament makes the law , the courts interpret it and the commission offers factual and proportionate guidance to organisations where necessary .
We are providing guidance on the implications of the equality bill . '
The legislation also covers ' any religious belief or philosophical belief ' and even ' a lack of belief ' .
This means that members of cults and “ new religions ” such as Scientology , whose supporters include the film stars Tom Cruise and John Travolta , would also be offered protection , as would atheists .
The official guidance has already caused controversy after warning that schools which force girls to wear skirts may be breaking the law - because the policy apparently discriminates against transsexuals .
It claims the dress code may breach the rights of girls who feel compelled to live as boys .
Religious leaders have condemned Miss Harman 's equality laws for sideling religion to promote a false idea of ' tolerance ' .
The Archbishop of York has warned that Christianity risks being wiped out from public life in the name of equality .
The Pope has also described the Bill as ' unjust ' , restricting religious freedom and violating ' the natural law ' .
Under the legislation , people with philosophical views such as pacificism and humanism could also seek protection from discrimination .
However , the Commission has insisted that scientific or political beliefs such as Marxism and fascism would not be covered .
People for whom abstention from alcohol was a way of life would also be protected .
The watchdog also warns that advertisements giving preferential treatment to men or women could be illegal .
This could mean the end of “ ladies ’ nights ” at clubs , when women receive cut - price drinks or free entrance but men pay full price .
Gov. Bill Ritter and legislative Democrats announced what some termed a “ creative ” package of proposals Thursday to improve health care in a tough economy — from forcing insurers to cover mammograms to forgiving college debt for nurses .
With the state facing budget deficits into the future , none of the 10 bills nor a governor ’s executive order issued Thursday included anything expensive .
The governor said it likely would take national reform to cover about 700,000 Coloradans without health insurance .
Still , state leaders said they were unwilling to wait on Washington and would continue passing their own modest health care proposals .
“ We can not remain inactive on health care reform , and we have n’t in this state , ” said Ritter , who called it “ discouraging ” that national health reform has been “ bogged down by partisan gridlock . ”
The latest state proposals would :
• Prohibit insurance companies from charging women more than men for individual health coverage .
• Provide incentives , using federal funds and private money , to encourage nurses and doctors to work in rural and underserved communities .
• Eliminate administrative duplication in the state Medicaid program and more aggressively attack fraud , a plan they said could save millions of dollars each year .
• Require insurance companies to write policies in “ plain English ” so consumers know exactly what is covered before purchasing a plan .
• Create an online statewide database that eventually would allow the public to compare physicians ’ patient outcomes .
• Require insurers to cover breast - cancer screening .
The governor ’s executive order forced the state Medicaid department , the Department of Revenue , the state health department and the governor ’s information technology office to share data to electronically verify the citizenship and identity of Medicaid applicants .
“ We are not waiting for Washington , ” said Rep. Jim Riesberg , a Greeley Democrat and chairman of the House Health and Human Services Committee .
Sen .
Shawn Mitchell , R - Broom field , called the Democrats ’ proposals “ underwhelming . ”
Mitchell said the state should allow Coloradans to purchase insurance across state lines and create transparency in health care pricing so consumers could call a doctor ’s office and find out exactly how much it costs to get treated for an ear infection , for example .
Mitchell said the governor ’s package of bills was “ hyped up ” to seem like health care reform but likely would accomplish little .
He is opposed to banning gender - rating in insurance but does support getting tougher on Medicaid fraud .
“ There is a lot of money in the health care system , and we need to make sure it ’s being spent reasonably and fairly and responsibly , ” Mitchell said .
Democrats announced their proposals after the release of the Colorado Health Foundation ’s annual report card , in which the state slipped to a D - plus for overall children ’s health compared with the rest of the country .
Colorado ranks 45th for children without health insurance — 13.8 percent .
The state is 34th for the percentage of kids who participate in “ vigorous physical activity ” at least four days a week — 64.1 percent , according to 2007 data .
Most disturbing , Ritter said , was that Colorado is now 23rd for its percentage of obese children — 14.2 percent , according to a survey of parents .
“ That ’s just not tolerable , ” he said .
“ There are kids who are obese in this state who are going to school hungry . ”
In better news , overall adult health in Colorado is above average , according to the report card .
The state has the lowest number of obese adults and the third - lowest number of adults with high blood pressure , and it ranks third for the number of adults who exercise .
Advocates of health care reform called Ritter ’s health agenda a “ creative ” way to tackle problems in a tough economy .
State leaders predicted Colorado scores for children ’s health would improve dramatically as new laws passed in 2007 and 2008 begin to reap results .
The legislature in recent years has banned soda in schools and set up “ medical homes ” so more children receive primary health care by a physician who manages all their health issues .
More than 215,000 Colorado children are now in “ medical homes . ”
Jennifer Brown : 303-954-1593 or jenbrown@denverpost.com
The Australian government has changed its mind about awarding a gender activist a status of “ gender not specified ” .
Three weeks ago , Scottish - born Norrie mAy - welby achived a world first when zie was granted a Recognised Details Certificate giving hir gender as “ not specified ” .
Although recognised as male at birth , and later recognised , following gender reassignment , as a woman , Norrie did not feel comfortable living solely as a female .
Doctors declared zie could not be categorised as a male or female and the New South Wales registrar of Births , Deaths and Marriages agreed in late February to grant the new certificate .
Neither Norrie nor the registrar were prepared for the worldwide interest which followed .
On Tuesday , the registrar was back on the phone to Norrie to explain that they had made a mistake and that the certificate they had already issued was legally invalid .
This was confirmed in the NSW parliament yesterday , as NSW attorney - general John Hatzistergos announced that his office had made some inquiries about the certificate after the issue was “ ventilated ” in the media .
Mr Hatzistergos said : “ The registrar may only issue a recognised detail certificate or a new birth certificate following a change of sex in either male or female gender ” .
Confusion still surrounds this decision , as Green MP Lee Rhiannon told PinkNews.co.uk today that the attorney general ’s position is that NSW laws require that a person in this situation must have their sex stated as either male or female .
If this is the case , the registrar ’s new certificate , which describes Norrie ’s gender as “ sex not stated ” would also be illegal .
Norrie told AAP yesterday : “ When I got the call on Tuesday I was absolutely devastated .
I felt like I had been killed .
“ My identity has gone all over the world … [ now the ] attorney - general ’s taking back what they sold to me . ”
Legal misunderstanding – or political back - covering ?
The NSW registrar , Greg Curry claims that Births , Deaths and Marriages were not forced to revoke the certificate .
In a statement issued this week , he said : “ At no time did the registrar state or imply that the attorney - general or anyone else had ‘ pressured ’ him to cancel the certificate ” .
There are in fact two key issues at stake here .
The first is the right of an individual not to be defined in state or other documentation by a gender they do not identify with .
The second , more radical step , is to recognise a third way – a gender that is neither male nor female .
Speaking to PinkNews.co.uk , Norrie was clear that zie was campaigning for the first of these rights .
Zie said : “ I am not seeking to be recognised as without gender .
Rather , I am looking for the state to recognise that who I am cannot be contained within the simple gender labels of either male or female .
“ Depending on how one looks at it , biologically or behaviourally , I am either neither gender or a bit of both . ”
Essentially , this argument as about what should be entered on legal documents .
The NSW government appears to believe that it is not permitted in law to state anything other than male or female .
Lee Rhiannon , a Green MP in the NSW Upper House said : “ The NSW government should act to implement a key recommendation of a 2009 Human Rights Commission report that a person over 18 should be able to choose to have an unspecified sex noted on documents and records . ”
This references a report – The Sex Files – issued last year by the Australian Human Rights Commission , which addressed the legal recognition of sex in documents and government records .
Ms Rhiannon continued : “ If there is a problem with the law that stops the Registry of Births , Deaths & Marriages from issuing such a certificate , the compassionate thing is for the NSW government to change the law to support Norrie and others in a similar situation . ”
Jane Fae also writes at janefae.wordpress.com
" It was the biggest shock in my life , when I realised how horrible , soulless and without feeling the five star lifestyle is , " he said .
" In those three weeks , we spent all the money you could possibly spend .
But in all that time , we had the feeling we had n't met a single real person – that we were all just actors .
The staff played the role of being friendly and the guests played the role of being important and nobody was real . "
By Paul Rincon
Science Reporter , BBC News
The Arecibo Observatory 's budget looks set to be cut from 2011
Plans to more precisely plot the orbit of an asteroid with a small chance of hitting Earth in 2036 may be badly hit by funding cuts to a US radar facility .
Radar measurements set to be made in January 2013 by the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico , US , could help rule out an impact by asteroid Apophis .
But the cuts mean Arecibo needs an extra $ 2 m - $ 3 m a year to continue .
If not , the observations planned for 2011 - 2013 will have to be abandoned , the facility 's director told BBC News .
Dr Michael Nolan said he was " moderately optimistic " that the money could be found .
At some point , you stop doing maintenance to the telescope and stop cutting the grass and then it's done
Dr Michael Nolan
Site Director , Arecibo Observatory
But he pointed out that Arecibo was the only observatory in the world sensitive enough for the task .
" If we measure [ Apophis ] in 2013 , there is something like a 95 % chance that we 'll be able to prove that it can't hit the Earth in 2036 , " he explained .
Such threats present challenges for policymakers ; while the chances of an asteroid strike might be small , the effects would be devastating .
The power of radar for refining the orbits of Near - Earth Objects ( Neos ) such as Apophis lies in being able to determine the range to the asteroids , by accurate timing of the emitted and returned pulses .
Dr Nolan , who is also the observatory 's head of radar astronomy , told BBC News : " If you have a regular telescope , you can tell where it is from left to right in a sense .
The radar measures distance , so it is forward to backwards in that same sense .
ASTEROID APOPHIS
Orbits the Sun every 324 days , crossing Earth 's orbit twice Not spherical , diameter of 300 m ; a mass of 27 million tonnes Name : Ancient Egyptian god Apep ( ' The Destroyer ' )
Discovery :
In 2004 , by a University of Hawaii team
The probability of impact in 2036 is calculated at 1 in 250,000
Will be visible to the naked eye during approach in April 2029 " If you do all of those at once , you get a very good measurement of where it is . "
Professor Richard Crowther , chair of the UN Working Group on Near - Earth Objects ( Neos ) told BBC News : " Unique facilities such as the Arecibo radar can provide us with clear and reliable data on the trajectory of an object such as Apophis , thus helping us determine accurately whether it will collide with Earth in the future . "
Although asteroid 99942 Apophis is one of the most hazardous Neos today , the calculated probability of an impact is small .
Last year , the US space agency ( Nasa ) lowered the chances of an impact on 13 April 2036 from one in 45,000 to one in 250,000 .
The 300 m - wide asteroid raised concerns in December 2004 , when initial observations indicated a probability of up to 2.7 % that it would strike Earth in 2029 .
Additional measurements ruled out this possibility , but on 13 April 2029 , Apophis will approach Earth at a distance no closer than 29,470 km ( 18,300 miles ) .
This is within the distance of geosynchronous satellites - and close enough to be seen by the naked eye .
However , if Apophis passes through a gravitational " keyhole " in space , during this approach , the stage will be set for an impact with Earth in 2036 .
This keyhole is a precise region in space several hundred metres across , that could alter the asteroid 's course through the influence of Earth 's gravity .
Tough choice Astronomers now say this keyhole is likely to be missed , but the planned campaign of optical and radar measurements in 2011 - 2013 could eliminate completely the possibility of a hazardous encounter in 2036 .
Arecibo's funding struggles are well documented .
The observatory currently operates on a budget of approximately $ 12 m a year .
Nasa recently lowered the probability of an impact by Apophis ( centre ) But the US National Science Foundation ( NSF ) , which operates the facility , has indicated it will substantially cut funding starting from 2011 , when the telescope will receive an overall budget of $ 9 m .
" If that holds true with nothing else , we would have to drop this programme .
" The radar programme is the only one that would actually save money if you got rid of it , " Dr Nolan said .
In its latest budget request , Nasa has set aside money both for Arecibo and for research on Neos like Apophis .
If the space agency picked up the difference - estimated to be on the order of $ 2 m - $ 3 m per year - the project would be able to continue .
But Michael Nolan said this would also depend on how much NSF cuts funding to the Arecibo facility : " At some point , you stop doing maintenance to the telescope and stop cutting the grass and then it's done the telescope has to work for us to do these observations , " he explained .
' Must do more ' Stephen Lowry , from the University of Kent , UK , commented : " Losing the planetary radar capability at Arecibo would not only affect our ability to monitor the orbits of threatening asteroids , but would also have implications throughout asteroid science , in particular with those studies that make extensive use of precise asteroid shape models that radar observing can provide . "
In 2011 , Apophis will start to become visible again to optical telescopes and it will make a relatively close flyby in January 2013 - passing by Earth at a distance of 13 million kilometres - which would enable measurements by Arecibo 's radar .
Dr Nolan said optical observations alone were likely to rule out an impact in 2036 , but that radar measurements increased that likelihood .
Another researcher said that while optical telescopes were very powerful in their own right for calculating the orbits of Neos , asteroids might appear unresolved in optical images due to their small size .
This was made worse , the scientist said , by the blurring effects of Earth 's atmosphere , affecting efforts to determine its orbit .
In January this year , a report by the National Research Council said the US must do more to safeguard our planet against asteroids .
Dr H Jay Melosh , from Purdue University in Indiana , US , said the best method for deflecting a small asteroid would be to fly a relatively heavy spacecraft into it .
" The momentum from the impact would push it off a collision [ course ] we have done that - sort of - with the Deep Impact spacecraft ; we ran a 300 kg spacecraft into a comet , " he told BBC News .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a scorching post on the company 's blog , YouTube Chief Counsel Zahavah Levine accuses Viacom of going to great lengths to secretly upload videos to YouTube in order to take advantage of its promotional value even as they were suing YouTube , arguing that YouTube should be able to tell the difference between Viacom videos that were uploaded by actual infringers as opposed to Viacom employees and agents being paid to pretend to be infringers .
For years , Viacom continuously and secretly uploaded its content to YouTube , even while publicly complaining about its presence there .
It hired no fewer than 18 different marketing agencies to upload its content to the site .
It deliberately " roughed up " the videos to make them look stolen or leaked .
It opened YouTube accounts using phony email addresses .
It even sent employees to Kinko's to upload clips from computers that could n't be traced to Viacom .
And in an effort to promote its own shows , as a matter of company policy Viacom routinely left up clips from shows that had been uploaded to YouTube by ordinary users .
Executives as high up as the president of Comedy Central and the head of MTV Networks felt " very strongly " that clips from shows like The Daily Show and The Colbert Report should remain on YouTube .
Viacom 's efforts to disguise its promotional use of YouTube worked so well that even its own employees could not keep track of everything it was posting or leaving up on the site .
As a result , on countless occasions Viacom demanded the removal of clips that it had uploaded to YouTube , only to return later to sheepishly ask for their reinstatement .
In fact , some of the very clips that Viacom is suing us over were actually uploaded by Viacom itself .
Given Viacom 's own actions , there is no way YouTube could ever have known which Viacom content was and was not authorized to be on the site .
But Viacom thinks
YouTube should somehow have figured it out .
The legal rule that Viacom seeks would require YouTube — and every Web platform — to investigate and police all content users upload , and would subject those web sites to crushing liability if they get it wrong .
One of the nation 's largest labor unions , the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , is promoting a plan that will centralize all retirement plans for American workers , including private 401 ( k ) plans , under one new " retirement system " for the United States .
In effect , government pensions for everyone , not unlike the European system and regardless of personal choice .
The SEIU , which was integral to the election of Barack Obama as president , is working with the left - leaning Economic Policy Institute ( EPI ) , and the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medicare , on SEIU 's plan , called " the Retirement USA Initiative . "
Claiming that the retirement system in place now has " failed most Americans , " EPI vice president Ross Eisenbrey , told a labor union publication that " account balances have fallen by a third since late 2007 , leaving many older workers unable to retire just as our economy is shedding millions of jobs . ”
“ The failure is broad and deep .
It 's not just a few people falling through the cracks : most of us already are in the ravine .
Three in 10 have only a 401 ( k ) or similar savings plan , and the rest of us are totally out of luck , " said Eisenbrey .
Eisenbrey said that the median 401 ( k ) account balance was $ 25,000 in 2006 , and the median for workers near retirement was $ 40,000 .
" Half of those who had a 401 ( k ) were nearing retirement with less than $ 40,000 in their account , " said Eisenbrey , who is trained as a lawyer and was a Clinton administration appointee from 1999 through 2001 .
The proposed retirement system would be operated under the following parameters :
• Benefits that move with you , even if you change jobs
• Payouts only at retirement
• Shared responsibility among employers , the government and employees
• Pooled assets , controlled by professional investment managers
" The financial crisis and the economic recession have shone a spotlight on the inadequacies of today 's system , " said Stephen Albrecht , director of benefits for SEIU .
With the uncertainty in today 's global economy , creating a whole new federal entitlement for American workers may not be easy to accomplish for these groups or their allies on Capitol Hill and in the Obama administration , as America 's creditors are already getting nervous .
Chinese Premier Wen Jinbao is telling U.S. policymakers that he is concerned about the " safety " of his country 's already huge holdings of U.S. debt .
" We have lent a huge amount of money to the United States , " said Wen , according to a report in the Financial Times .
" We are concerned about the safety of our assets .
To be honest , I am a little worried .
I request the U.S. to maintain its good credit , to honor its promises and to guarantee the safety of China 's assets . "
A MYSTERIOUS ring fort in Co Tipperary holds “ massive potential for discoveries ” according to archaeologists who have carried out the first survey of the site .
Their initial findings suggest that the site may have been used for Bronze Age sporting contests in an arena that is the ancient equivalent of Semple Stadium .
Archaeologists have long been curious about the origins of the Rathnadrinna Fort located about 3 km south of the Rock of Cashel – one of Ireland ’s most important heritage locations and seat of the High Kings of Munster .
The unusually large and distinctive landmark is still subject to many of the traditional taboos surrounding fairy forts .
Archaeologists say that many people in rural areas still believe it is unwise to enter a fairy fort or to cut down perimeter trees or vegetation .
Ian Doyle , head of conservation services and archaeology with the Heritage Council , said it was traditionally believed that the fort was a “ defended farmstead ” of a type commonly built in Ireland about 1,200 years ago .
But while the “ average run - of - the - mill fairy fort ” is ringed by one defensive perimeter ditch , “ Rathnadrinna Fort is quite rare because it has three rings ” .
Despite the historical significance of the landscape , the fort has never been excavated .
Mr Doyle said “ when you think of Tara , the countryside surrounding the Rock of Cashel must hold massive potential for discoveries ” .
This led the council to fund a survey of the site which was carried out by a team of archaeologists led by Cashel - based Richard O’Brien and the Co Mayo company Earthsound Archaeological Geophysics .
Using highly sensitive equipment , the soil was subjected to “ high - resolution magnetic imaging ” – similar to an MRI scan .
It is the first time that any of the fairy forts in the countryside surrounding the Rock of Cashel has been surveyed in this manner .
Speaking to The Irish Times about the results , Mr O’Brien said that “ none of the traditional evidence associated with ring forts – such as houses , hearths or rubbish pits – was found ” .
Instead , the team discovered that the site may have been first used 3,000 years ago during the late Bronze Age .
He said one of the most exciting discoveries was evidence of a Stonehenge - style circle of wooden posts suggestive of “ a ceremonial or ritual role for the fort ” .
Mr O’Brien said the use of the site would have changed down through the centuries and the survey results indicate that it had “ a royal function ” .
But the most intriguing possibility , he said , was that the “ vast interior area which is much larger than most ring forts is like a sports arena ” .
Rathnadrinna translates as the “ Fort of the Contest ” , he added .
Earlier this month , Rush Limbaugh turned the liberal “ I ’m going to Canada if … ” mantra on its head by promising he would seek refuge in Costa Rica if the Democrats ’ health care plan passes .
It only took a few hours after last night ’s House vote for a pair of Brooklynites to offer him help in making good on his promise .
Not that Limbaugh needs an entire charity for himself , but Mike Rugnetta and Patrick Davison , who “ do n’t have health insurance , ” want to make sure everyone is happy with the results of this health care bill passing .
Limbaugh said he would be happy in Costa Rica under those circumstances so , armed with a PayPal account , a tropical Limbaugh poster , and their dreams , Rugnetta and Davison launched ATicketForRush.com .
From their mission statement :
Recently , a number of interesting things happened .
First , Rush Limbaugh said on his radio show that if the Healthcare Reform Bill passed , he would go to Costa Rica .
Second , the Healthcare Reform Bill passed .
As you can imagine , this has made a number of people very excited .
We are among that number .
We want to make sure that Rush is able to make good on his promise , and so we ’ve made this website .
Chances are Limbaugh wo n’t agree to relocate , especially since his original statement came with a disclaimer ( emphasis mine ) : “ if this passes and it ’s five years from now and all that stuff gets implemented — I am leaving the country . ”
So the duo behind “ A Ticket For Rush ” have a backup plan : if he does n’t accept the money , they ’ll donate it to Planned Parenthood .
Any money they receive over the amount they need for that ticket will also go to the organization .
Davison told Politico they chose the organization while pondering “ what charity would make Rush Limbaugh the maddest if he found out that money under his name was going toward it . ”
So if Rush is smart , he ’ll take the ticket– if only to spite Planned Parenthood .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Police in Nottingham , England declared war on youth on Saturday night : anyone between 13 - 24 getting off a bus into town was sent through a metal - detector , and the streets were swarmed with drug - dogs that were set on young people .
Something like 90 % of urban England Over 1,000 English cities and towns have a curfew for young people , giving police ( and fake " citizen cops " ) the power to send kids home after dark for any reason , if , in their judgement , the kids are apt to be disturbing " real " people .
Many stores and restaurants have signs on the door that say " no more than two kids at one time " ( imagine if it said " No more than two Jews " or " No more than two blacks " ) .
And there 's a kind of para - law called the Anti-Social Behaviour Order that gives courts the power to invent laws for people ( mostly kids ) who face complaints about their behaviour ( the accused are n't allowed to rebut the evidence against them ) .
You have to wonder what kind of values about citizenship , fairness , privacy , and the social contract are being imparted to young people by these measures .
The major operation involved 200 officers as part of a Home Office project targeting 13 to 24 - year - olds .
Officers and a specially - trained dog met young people coming off a number of bus routes .
Metal detectors were used in an effort to find concealed weapons while drug testing was also carried out .
A search centre was set up where a full body scanner checked suspects .
Police in Nottingham city centre knife purge
( Thanks , Dougall ! )
The doom merchants should be out in force but nobody is listening .
I think we should at least prepare for some dramatic changes at least in our lifetimes .
And also set up the future for our children so they have some chance of surviving .
In our generation it was all about getting to university , then getting a good job and hopefully staying married to the same person .
But those days will soon be gone .
It 'll very soon be about getting enough food to eat and that means growing your own food and protecting it .
The biggest problem facing humanity is population
NICE says no to bone marrow disease drug
NICE has decided that azacitidine will not be available through the NHS A drug for treating rare blood cancers will not be made available through the NHS in England and Wales .
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) has decided not to recommend azacitidine or Vidaza for treating myelodysplastic syndromes because it is too costly .
Cancer charities say they are angered and disappointed by the decision .
Around four in 100,000 people in the UK suffer from MDS - a debilitating bone marrow disease .
Myelodysplastic syndromes ( MDS ) mean that the bone marrow does not produce enough of one or more types of blood cells .
Most MDS patients have to rely on frequent blood transfusions to manage anaemia and extreme fatigue .
The average survival of patients with MDS is about 20 months .
Nearly a third of patients progress to acute myeloid leukaemia .
NICE says that the majority of patients with MDS receive the best care in current clinical practice .
Not a cure Dr Carole Longson is health technology evaluation centre director at NICE .
She said that azacitidine is not a cure for MDS but could potentially prolong the lives of people with these conditions by around nine months longer than standard treatment .
However she stated : " The Appraisal Committee concluded that relative to the benefits , the price the NHS is being asked to pay for azacitidine is still too high for it to be recommended as a cost effective use of NHS resources . "
The manufacturer of the drug , Celgene UK , has announced that it plans to appeal NICE 's draft guidance ruling .
According to the manufacturer 's estimates , azacitidine costs approximately £ 45,000 per patient .
David Hall is an MDS patient .
He is also chairman of the MDS UK Patient Support Group , which is supported by pharmaceutical companies , including Celgene .
He said the decision was a huge blow to MDS patients .
" A total of only 700 patients a year in England and Wales would require treatment with azacitidine so we do not believe that providing this life - extending treatment would make a huge impact on the NHS budget , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg says a vote for his party at the coming general election is " a bold commitment to hope and opportunity " .
He told the party 's spring conference that the election , widely expected on 6 May , was " a once in a generation opportunity for real change " .
Mr Clegg insisted a vote for his party would not be a wasted vote .
But ministers said the next government would be Labour or Conservative .
The Tories claimed Mr Clegg was " confused " .
The BBC 's political correspondent Mike Sergeant said Mr Clegg used his speech to activists in Birmingham to set out the big themes of his election campaign , discussing his plans to reform tax , education , the economy and Parliament .
He accused Labour of being the party of " many disasters " and said the government lacked the " courage and honesty " to take tough action to reduce the UK 's huge fiscal deficit .
ANALYSIS By Mike Sergeant , BBC political correspondent , in Birmingham
This speech was about trying to give party members a relatively simple message to sell on the doorsteps .
In previous elections , the Lib Dems have been criticised for presenting a long shopping list of pledges , so Mr Clegg has been trying to boil things down to a more credible programme .
In recent months , he has been junking cherished policies and pushing other things into the distant future .
And indeed , this speech was notable for what it did n't contain .
Nothing on Afghanistan .
No mention of tuition fees .
Barely a word on the NHS .
Less on the environment than you might expect .
Party members think they now have a clear and coherent set of policies .
Labour and the Tories , of course , see only confusion and contradiction .
As for being the " kingmaker " ?
Nick Clegg is keeping his options open .
Lib Dems know it would be disastrous to campaign for a hung parliament , however much some might want one .
Lib Dems may hold ' power balance '
Q&A : What is a hung parliament ?
His attacks on the Conservatives included the role of party donor and deputy chairman Lord Ashcroft , who recently admitted being non-domiciled in the UK for tax purposes .
Mr Clegg called the Tories " the world 's first offshore political party " .
" With these two old parties , it is a dismal choice between the party of the few and the party of no - one , " he said .
" A choice between the wrong direction and backwards . "
Mr Clegg said claims that people would be wasting their time by voting Lib Dem were " nonsensical " .
And he claimed the Lib Dems were " the guarantor of good sense " who had set out " the most substantial and deliverable programme of deficit reduction in British politics " .
Mr Clegg has said previously that his party " would say no " to any plans to slash public spending in the first year of a new Parliament , and instead would reduce public spending " sensibly " .
But shadow work and pensions secretary Theresa May told the BBC Mr Clegg was showing " a certain degree of confusion " about his position on spending cuts .
" He seemed to say last week that he supported our view that we need to act now on debt , and now he seems to be saying , ' No we do n't need to do that . '
" The Liberal Democrats just can't make up their mind about where they want to be . "
' Not the kingmaker '
In recent weeks , the Lib Dem leader has come under intense pressure to say whether he would work with Labour or the Tories in the event of a hung parliament .
But he told the conference he was " not the kingmaker " .
" Some days I read we 're planning a deal with Labour , some days that we 're planning a deal with the Conservatives , other days that we 'll refuse to talk to anyone at all .
" This election is a time for voters to choose , not a time for politicians to play footsie with each other .
LIB DEM PRIORITIES
A fairer tax system A better education for all children A new , greener economy A clean , open , fair politics " The party with the strongest mandate from voters will have the moral authority to be the first to seek to govern , and voters are entitled to know what Liberal Democrats will do - in whatever situation we find ourselves in . "
International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander refused to be drawn on a possible Labour - Lib Dem alliance .
But he told the BBC : " The serious point is this .
There is a big choice coming up in this election and it's who 's going to be the government of the country .
" Nick Clegg really struggled to deal with that reality - that it will ultimately either be David Cameron standing on the steps of Downing Street or Gordon Brown standing on the steps of Downing Street . "
Mike Sergeant said Mr Clegg was playing down talk of a coalition in case it hampered his party 's campaign .
" The merest suggestion of a cosy pre-election arrangement with either party would be disastrous for Lib Dem activists in extremely close local campaigns , " our correspondent said .
The Lib Dems have listed their broad demands for supporting a minority administration , which could occur if no single party wins enough seats to form an overall majority in Parliament .
The demands include the reform of the tax system , more spending on education for poorer children , a switch to a greener economy and political reform in Westminster .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Princess
Aiko has been absent from school since leaving early on Tuesday Japan 's Princess Aiko has been off school since early this week after complaining of being bullied , a royal household official has said .
The princess , eight , had come home from school in a state of anxiety and saying she had stomach pains , he said .
It was found she and other students in her class had been " treated harshly " by boys in another class , he added .
Princess Aiko , daughter of Crown Prince Naruhito and Princess Masako , attends Gakushuin Primary School in Tokyo .
The royal spokesman , Issei Nomura , did not give details of when the princess , who is a granddaughter of Emperor Akihito , was expected to return to lessons .
Princess Aiko is the only child of Crown Prince Naruhito and Princess Masako
She left early on Tuesday and has not been back since .
Mr Nomura said the palace had asked the school to address the matter and had been given permission to publicise the princess 's situation , the Japanese news agency Kyodo reports .
A school director told reporters the princess had been frightened on Tuesday when a boy had run out of a classroom , which " must have reminded her of the rowdy behaviour of several boys in the past , who may have thrown things and made her uneasy " , Kyodo says .
Princess Masako has rarely been seen in public for several years as a consequence of a nervous condition attributed to the stress of life in the royal household .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You do n't need an app to use Omegle on your phone or tablet !
The web site works great on mobile .
By using Omegle , you accept the terms at the bottom .
You must be 18 + , or 13 + with parental permission .
Meet strangers with your interests !
Omegle ( oh·meg·ull ) is a great way to meet new friends , even while practicing social distancing .
When you use Omegle , we pick someone else at random and let you talk one - on - one .
To help you stay safe , chats are anonymous unless you tell someone who you are ( not suggested ! ) , and you can stop a chat at any time .
Predators have been known to use Omegle , so please be careful .
If you prefer , you can add your interests , and Omegle will look for someone who 's into some of the same things as you instead of someone completely random .
By using Omegle , you accept the terms at the bottom .
You must be 18 + or 13 + with parental permission .
Video is monitored .
Keep it clean * 18 + : ( Adult ) ( Unmoderated Section )
What do you wanna talk about ?
Start chatting : or
It 's official ... Jennifer Aniston has been Butlered .
As Gerard Butler and Jen struck poses from the front , an enterprising photog got the real story from behind .
The pics were taken on the Seine River in Paris , during their tour hawking " The Bounty Hunter . "
It has been difficult to miss the fact that the Winter Olympics are being held in Vancouver , Canada .
But what you wo n’t have noticed is the monitoring software being used to keep an eye on the energy consumption at the major venues .
Global warming could have a devastating impact on regions that host the Winter Olympics so it ’s apt that the organisers of Vancouver 2010 have set a good example .
The smart Venue Energy Tracker technology from Pulse Energy provides information on the energy being used in real - time .
It also shows where energy is being saved .
Pulse Energy CEO David Helliwell believes the London Olympics in two years ' time should do the same : " We ’re already seeing the results and hope that similar technology can help London 2012 achieve its targets . "
Here are some facts about the technology and some stunning pictures of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics .
Sir Richard Branson and fellow leading businessmen will warn ministers this week that the world is running out of oil and faces an oil crunch within five years .
The founder of the Virgin group , whose rail , airline and travel companies are sensitive to energy prices , will say that the ­coming crisis could be even more serious than the credit crunch .
" The next five years will see us face another crunch – the oil crunch .
This time , we do have the chance to prepare .
The challenge is to use that time well , " Branson will say .
" Our message to government and businesses is clear : act , " he says in a foreword to a new report on the crisis .
" Do n't let the oil crunch catch us out in the way that the credit crunch did . "
Other British executives who will support the warning include Ian Marchant , chief executive of Scottish and Southern Energy group , and Brian Souter , chief executive of transport operator Stagecoach .
Their call for urgent government action comes amid a wider debate on the issue and follows allegations by insiders at the International Energy Agency that the organisation had deliberately underplayed the threat of so - called " peak oil " to avoid panic on the stock markets .
Ministers have until now refused to take predictions of oil droughts seriously , preferring to side with oil companies such as BP and ExxonMobil and crude producers such as the Saudis , who insist there is nothing to worry about .
But there are signs this is about to change , according to Jeremy Leggett , founder of the Solarcentury renewable power company and a member of a peak oil taskforce within the business community .
" [ We are ] in regular contact with government ; we have reason to believe their risk thinking on peak oil may be evolving away from BP et al's and we await the results of further consultations with keen interest . "
The issue came up at the recent World Economic Forum in Davos where Thierry Desmarest , chief executive of the Total oil company in France , also broke ranks .
The world could struggle to produce more than 95 m barrels of oil a day in future , he said – 10 % above present levels .
" The problem of peak oil remains . "
Chris Skrebowski , an independent oil consultant who prepared parts of the peak oil report for Branson and others , said that only recession is holding back a crisis :
" The next major supply constraint , along with spiking oil prices , will not occur until recession - hit demand grows to the point that it removes the current excess oil stocks and the large spare capacity held by Opec .
However , once these are removed , possibly as early as 2012 - 13 and no later than 2014 - 15 , oil prices are likely to spike , imperilling economic growth and causing economic dislocation . "
Skrebowski believes that Britain is particularly vulnerable because it has gone from being a net exporter of oil , gas and coal to being an importer , and is becoming increasingly exposed to competition for supplies .
" This is likely to put pressure on the UK balance of payments and in a world of floating exchange rates is also likely to put downward pressure on the valuation of sterling .
In other words , the positive benefits to the valuation of the pound as a petrocurrency are now eroding , " he said .
The question of peak oil came to centre stage last November when a whistleblower told the Guardian the figures provided by the IEA – and used by the UK and US governments for much of their planning scenarios – were inaccurate .
" The IEA in 2005 was predicting that oil supplies could rise as high as 120 m barrels a day by 2030 , although it was forced to reduce this gradually to 116 m and then 105 m last year , " said the IEA source .
" The 120 m figure always was nonsense but even today 's number is much higher than can be justified and the IEA knows this . "
But Saudi Arabia launched a counter - strike at Davos , insisting the issue was overblown .
" The concern about peak oil is behind us , " said Khalid al - Falih , chief executive of Saudi Aramco .
Tony Hayward , the BP chief executive , downplayed fears about dwindling supplies in an interview with the Guardian last week .
Dear Cecil :
They sell chicken , duck , quail , and some other eggs in a lot of stores .
Is there a reason I have n't seen turkey eggs being sold ?
Player , via the Internet
Cecil replies :
Barnyard economics , babe .
Turkeys do n’t lay that many eggs , and the ones they do lay are used to produce more turkeys .
The average egg - laying chicken lays 300 or so eggs per year , while the average turkey produces only 100 to 120 .
Chickens come into production at 19 to 20 weeks of age , but turkeys do n’t get cranking until 32 weeks .
Turkeys are also much larger , averaging 16 to 17 pounds compared to 3.5 pounds for chickens .
So you ’d need a lot more room for a bird that would take a lot longer to produce a lot fewer eggs .
Another problem is that turkeys go “ broody ” easily — they want to sit on their eggs and incubate them .
In contrast , egg - producing white leghorn chickens have had the broodiness bred out of them .
They lay and lay and have no desire to incubate their offspring or otherwise be maternal .
You want to play in traffic ?
Fine !
Whatever !
Now let me go lay some more eggs .
Proof that just because you can make a good breakfast does n’t mean you ’re a good mom .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Ofcom Chief , Ed Richards , is quoted by ZDNet UK :
" The deployment of traffic management techniques and policies is now happening in scale ... and last year 's adoption of the EU Framework moves us firmly into new territory .
It gives regulators an extensive array of powers and a clear responsibility to address some of the emerging issues around traffic management .
Even if consumers have access to transparent information , they need to understand how traffic management practices will affect their day - to - day experience of a service and be able to assess which product best meets their needs .
This may require substantial effort and time , particularly if the information provided about traffic management practices is fairly technical .
Studies have shown that consumers can find it difficult to take into account fully different aspects of products when making a decision .
What is needed is for the industry to embrace the spirit , as well as the letter , of the new requirements for transparency and explanation . "
" The deployment of traffic management techniques and policies is now happening in scale ... and last year 's adoption of the EU Framework moves us firmly into new territory .
It gives regulators an extensive array of powers and a clear responsibility to address some of the emerging issues around traffic management .
Even if consumers have access to transparent information , they need to understand how traffic management practices will affect their day - to - day experience of a service and be able to assess which product best meets their needs .
This may require substantial effort and time , particularly if the information provided about traffic management practices is fairly technical .
Studies have shown that consumers can find it difficult to take into account fully different aspects of products when making a decision .
What is needed is for the industry to embrace the spirit , as well as the letter , of the new requirements for transparency and explanation . "
Communications regulator Ofcom UK has confirmed plans to launch a consultation into Network Neutrality ( Net Neutrality ) , which advocates no restrictions to Internet content , sites , or platforms by Internet access providers .
Broadband ISPs that employ aggressive Traffic Management policies , which give preferential treatment to content coming from some sources but not from others , are likely to face the brunt of any scrutiny .
In some areas this Traffic Management can be beneficial , such as preventing excessive downloading by a tiny minority from impacting the services performance for everybody , but in others it has lead to legitimate concerns ; such as the general restrictions being placed by some ISPs upon the BBC 's iPlayer Internet video service .
The long standing debate heated up again earlier this month when César Alierta , president of the Spanish telecommunications company Telefónica ( owner of O2 UK ) , took it to the next level and shocked many observers by announcing plans to make Internet search engines pay for using the operators network ( here ) .
A little too absurd perhaps .
The move marks a significant change for Ofcom , which up until now has kept its distance from the debate and allowed ISPs to control the flow of traffic across their networks as they please .
However recent changes in EU Telecoms law have changed all that .
The regulator warns that the mixed UK model is different from most because of its highly competitive unbundled ( LLU ) market .
It claims that this makes the Net Neutrality debate less significant here than in countries such as the USA , where competition is presumably less aggressive .
Net Neutrality is certainly nothing new for UK ISPs and in fact many already adopt Traffic Management systems that throttle bandwidth to specific services ( e.g. P2P , BBC iPlayer , Online Gaming etc. ) .
According to Richards , the spring 2010 consultation will look at how its existing powers could be adapted to prevent Traffic Management methods from being used anti-competitively .
Just a bit of background on what we ’re likely to see tonight .
With the Stupak deal in place , it seems close to certain that the bill will pass tonight , probably with a few votes to spare ( though we ’ll have to see if they let in Red district Dems vote no since they have votes to spare ) .
The current GOP plan seems to be to try a series of procedural gambits this afternoon and this evening to force enough delays to push the final vote until late , late into the evening .
And then politick on the basis of Dems passing the bill “ in the middle of the night . ”
Canon announced Wednesday it intends to be the first company to say goodbye to .com and buy its own top - level domain , taking advantage of ICANN 's decision to broadly widen the number of top - level names .
If – or rather when – this starts happening , web address conventions may never be the same .
If successful , the global electronics giant , perhaps best know for its digital SLR cameras , will open the .canon global Top Level Domain , or TLD , as soon as late 2011 .
And then the dot - com revolution , still only 25 years old this week , gets really interesting : Surfers will be able to navigate to " http:// canon " to reach its website .
Canon employees could create e-mail addresses like " Jim@canon . "
" Canon hopes to globally integrate open communication policies that are intuitive and easier to remember compared with existing domain names such as ' canon.com ' , " the company said in a press release .
" Canon has made the official decision to begin necessary procedures to acquire '.canon ' upon the introduction of the new system . "
Of course , many ( but not all ) web browsers already resolve the correct site when you type just a company name in the address bar – but this is the search engine working under the hood making its best guess .
Typing " Intel " into the address bar of the latest version of Firefox , for example , gets you straight to http://www.intel.com/.
Ironically , typing in " Canon " takes you to a Google search page whose top choice was that company , but apparently the page is not strongly enough associated with the word to trigger a " Feeling Lucky " choice .
ICANN hopes that opening up the name space will lead to innovation and allow for more choices for those seeking to register a domain name , given how hard it is to find a name in the dominant .com TLD .
For instance , restaurants across the world called Gino's Pizza could be ginospizza.socal , ginospizza.chicago and ginospizza.westvirginia .
ICANN wo n't finalize the rules for landing your own TLD until at least the middle of 2011 .
But the draft rules say new gTLDs are only open to corporations or organizations – sorry John .
Abell – and the application fee is set at $ 185,000 .
Fees can rise from there depending on whether people dispute your claim .
If multiple organizations apply for the same name – say for instance . news or .religion – they are urged to work out a deal on their own , else the name could go to the highest bidder in an auction .
So , good luck with that , . MiddleEast .
In an interview with Wired.com earlier this year , ICANN CEO Rod Beckstrom said he thought that nearly all of the 100 most popular websites would eventually apply for their own top - level domain .
Companies like Canon will use existing name registrar companies that knows how to handle DNS , and are unlikely to give up their .com addresses anytime soon .
But the idea of shortening URLs further will likely appeal to companies like Google and Facebook that provide public profile pages for users ( e.g. , http://JohnAbell.Facebook, or http://MileyCyrus.Google), giving individuals who missed out on the domain land rush of the '90s another crack at intuitively named beachfront internet property .
The idea of opening new domains is hardly without critics , including some who see user confusion over the new names and who point out that e-mail validation scripts will not recognize sergey@google as a real address .
Trademark holders like CocaCola fear they will have to battle domain squatters in hundreds of new domain and argue that " fraud and abuse in the system as it currently exists ... will be amplified by the rapid addition of new gTLDs . "
Coke suggests that brand name TLDs should wait until after more generic names like .restaurant are tried out , while other trademark holders see no reason for the new names at all .
Perhaps even more dangerous are fights over contentious domains like .religion or .muslim , which could land ICANN in deep political fights that it has tried to stay clear of in order to remain being seen as a neutral , standards setting body that only controls the net 's naming architecture .
Already , the proposal to establish .XXX has caught ICANN in a political battle .
The proposal , which would create a top - level domain for pornographic sites without requiring all such sites to use it , was initially approved by ICANN .
But after religious groups in the U.S. protested , the U.S. government threatened to keep .XXX out of the net 's root file , which would force a showdown over ICANN 's independence .
( The Commerce Department approves the root file every day , though that 's usually a formality ) .
ICANN then revoked .XXX , only to lose an arbitration proceeding in February , forcing it to reconsider its decision .
The final rules for the first round of applications have not yet been published , but they will likely be quite similar to the current draft .
Those rules require a hefty deposit , a thorough vetting of the name and the sponsoring organization and a public " Expression of Interest " to let the net community know about the proposal .
Trademarks will be taken into account , and given the price , it 's unlikely anyone will try to snag .IBM unless they are actually IBM .
But in some ways , the move might not be necessary , since a cool URL is n't as necessary as it used to be .
Given that many users use search engines to navigate ( typing Yahoo into Google.com 's search box , for instance ) and that many browsers now let users search on words directly from the address bar , it 's increasingly irrelevant whether users remember your URL or not – so long as they remember your company 's name .
This could get complicated , however , if someone registers . plumber .
What will browsers do in the case that someone types " plumber " into their browser 's address bar ?
See Also :
[ Updated Feb. 8 : ( editing and extension of summary and document list update ) ]
Perhaps the most disturbing episode in the “ hockey stick ” controversy was the investigation of climate scientists by the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee under Republican representatives Joe Barton and Ed Whitfield , and a subsequent report for that same committee by an “ independent ” panel led by George Mason University statistics professor Edward Wegman .
In light of various renewed “ skeptic ” allegations of scientific misconduct against Michael Mann and Phil Jones , and my recent revelation of possible plagiarism and other questionable scholarship in the Wegman report , a complete review of the events of 2005 - 2006 would seem to be in order .
In short , the Energy and Commerce Committee refused the offer of a proper scientific review from the National Academy of Sciences in favour of an investigative process that was ad hoc , biased and unscientific .
And the report resulting from that process is tainted with highly questionable scholarship .
I can now fill in important gaps in the timelines of the initial investigation and the Wegman panel .
But more importantly my review has led to some startling conclusions :
Not only was the original Barton - Whitfield investigation ( in the form of intimidating letters ) inspired by the allegations of “ climate science auditor ” Steve McIntyre , but the defining impetus seems to have been a little known Cooler Heads Coalition - Marshall Institute sponsored presentation by McIntyre and sidekick economist Ross McKitrick in Washington barely a month beforehand .
Energy and Commerce Committee Republican staffer Peter Spencer played a key but hitherto undisclosed role in the investigation and the subsequent Wegman panel report , and apparently acted as the main source and gatekeeper of climate science information for the panel .
Steve McIntyre was in communication with the Wegman panel , at least concerning technical questions around replication of his work .
The full extent of McIntyre ’s communications or meetings with Spencer or other staffers , as well as Wegman panelists , is still unknown .
However , the record shows there were at least two intriguing opportunities for face - to - face meetings in Washington during the Wegman panel ’s mandate .
All this , along with new information about the circumstances of the Wegman panel ’s formation and mandate , raises serious doubts about the supposed independence of the Wegman panel .
In my last post , I laid out some inconvenient facts about McIntyre ’s fellow travellers on his way to taking his place in the pantheon of climate skeptics .
As noted there , McIntyre ( and McKitrick ) had achieved some measure of fame with their lionization by the Wall Street Journal in early 2005 .
In the received wisdom about the subsequent Barton - Whitfield investigation , Antonio Regalado ’s front page article is seen as its prime impetus .
However , although the WSJ undoubtedly raised awareness of McIntyre ’s work , there are compelling reasons to consider that explanation incomplete .
The letters are considerably more detailed and raise additional issues from those discussed in the WSJ article .
Did something happen in the four - month gap between the time the article appeared in February 2005 and the issuance of the Barton - Whitfield letters in late June 2005 ?
M&M go to Washington – again
A careful search of McIntyre ’s blog ClimateAudit provided at least part of the answer to both concerns , as seen in this brief post from May 7 , 2005 :
Ross McKitrick and I will be making two presentations in Washington on May 11 sponsored by Cooler Heads Coalition / George Marshall Institute : 12.20 at the National Press Club and 3 pm somewhere on Capitol Hill .
This was to be the duo ’s second trip for the Washington think tanks ; the first had taken place in November 2003 , as discussed in M&M , part 1 .
The afternoon Capitol Hill meeting remains somewhat mysterious , but M&M ’s presentation and the Press Club discussion transcript are both available .
Once again , Jeff Keuter of the Marshall Institute and Myron Ebell of the Competitive Enterprise Institute were on hand with an effusive welcome ; Ebell noted that McKitrick had appeared more often for such presentations than anyone else .
In his portion of the Press Club discussion , McIntyre laid out his complaints concerning access to Mann ’s data and computer code , as previously aired in Antonio Regalado ’s Wall Street Journal article .
But he also had some new issues to raise .
Presaging Wegman ’s later “ social network ” analysis , McIntyre expanded his comments to the whole “ hockey team ” and laid out a list of studies he claimed could not be considered “ independent ” because of overlapping authorship ( p. 17 ) .
( He also boasted that he thought taking on the team was an “ even match ” ) .
McIntyre went on to complain that the IPCC had failed to do “ due diligence ” in “ checking ” the data or constituent studies and claimed that the National Science Foundation , funder of much of Mann ’s work , had failed to enforce disclosure rules that , in McIntyre ’s opinion , compelled Mann to release his computer code .
McIntyre also presented some dubious technical analysis , purporting to show various techniques of “ cherrypicking ” among paleoclimatologists , and even spliced the UAH satellite temperature data onto the Moberg reconstruction to show that recent temperatures were not much warmer than the medieval warm period and that recent trends were modest ( remember this was early 2005 , before application of important corrections later that year ) .
As for the genesis of his interest in the “ hockey stick ” , McIntyre compared it to a mining promotion .
This echoed his invocation of the Bre -X scandal in the WSJ article .
But then he went even further .
There is no magic bullet for it , but it is astonishing to me how little due diligence there is in this , compared to the due diligence in a prospectus or any kind of public offering of stock , even by cruddy little mining companies .
Peer reviewers merely give advice to the editor as to whether a paper should be published .
This betrays an utter lack of comprehension of how science actually works .
But McIntyre was not done – he even invoked the Enron scandal and described his “ epiphany ” of a simlar lack of due diligence in climate science .
Epiphany indeed .
It so happened that the Investigations and Oversight Subcommittee of the U.S. House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee had investigated one aspect of the Enron scandal in 2002 .
But the Enron comparison was perhaps unnecessary , as that same Subcommittee had looked at climate issues once before , as we shall see .
In any event , with McIntyre ’s analysis in hand and with the impetus of the May 2005 roundtable , committee chair “ Smokey ” Joe Barton and subcommittee chair Ed Whitfield swung into action .
They tapped staffer Peter Spencer to help organize an investigation of “ hockey stick ” authors Michael Mann , Raymond Bradley and Malcolm Hughes , and to serve as committee contact .
Spencer , a staffer attached to the Republican cohort of the Energy and Commerce Committee , was an obvious choice .
Under previous chairman Billy Tauzin , he had been instrumental in organizing an Oversight and Investigations subcommittee hearing on the use of climate models in the U.S. National Assessment in 2002 .
That session heard from a “ balanced ” panel of five scientists that included climate science critics Patrick Michaels and Roger Pielke , Sr. ( Spencer has kept up his interest in climate science ; he accepted a trip to the 2009 Heartland Institute International Conference on Climate Change in New York , with Barton ’s approval ) .
The Barton investigation began with a set of detailed letters of inquiry sent to the three authors , Mann , Bradley and Hughes , that focused not only on data and computer code , but details of funding and past research associations .
The letter sent to Mann asked for details on all research and funding thereof .
A couple of specific requests invoked Regalado ’s Wall Street Journal article and the Energy and Environment article , but in line with McIntyre ’s more recent concerns , Mann was also asked to elucidate his IPCC role .
Again , following McIntyre ’s newly raised concerns , letters were also sent to Rajenda Pachauri , IPCC chair , and Arden Bement , director of the National Science Foundation .
Each letter to the scientists started out identically :
Questions have been raised , according to a February 14 , 2005 article in The Wall Street Journal , about the significance of methodological flaws and data errors in your studies of the historical record of temperatures and climate change .
Here ’s how McIntyre announced the letters on his website :
Several people have drawn attention to letters from the U.S. House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee to Mann , Bradley , Hughes , the director of the U.S. National Science Foundation and the chairman of the IPCC , which were posted up at the Committee website on Friday here .
The letters refer to the Wall Street Journal [ this would presumably be the article of Feb. 14 , 2005 , in which Mann said that he would not be “ intimidated ” into releasing his algorithm , rather than the recent editorial ] , as well as to our articles .
The only hint that McIntyre has ever given of any contact with Barton ’s committee staff was in Paul Thacker ’s analysis of the WSJ article , published in Environmental Science and Technology .
McIntyre says that after he was profiled in the Wall Street Journal , he received a phone call from the congressional staff of Rep. Barton .
” They wanted to know if I had spoken to the Wall Street Journal and if the article was true , ” McIntyre tells ES&T .
Even here , McIntyre appeared to be suggesting that his only role was the confirmation of the WSJ article contents .
But McIntyre has never mentioned the May 11 sessions , a notable departure from his usual practice of breathlessly blogging about every trip in glorious detail .
Indeed , everyone involved appears to have gone to great pains to cover up the full story behind the Barton investigation , and the role of McKitrick and McIntyre ’s sponsors , the Competitive Enterprise Institute and the Marshall Institute .
Everyone , that is , except CEI head Myron Ebell , who openly boasted at the time to the BBC :
Myron Ebell , of the Competitiveness Enterprise Institute and a prominent global warming sceptic , told BBC News : “ We ’ve always wanted to get the science on trial , ” and “ we would like to figure out a way to get this into a court of law , ” adding “ this could work . ”
That same article quotes shocked reaction from scientists .
Raymond Bradley , thought the letters were meant to “ undermine confidence in the IPCC , ” while paleoclimatologist Thomas Crowley discerned a “ more general intent to intimidate climate researchers . ”
On July 15 , 2005 , National Academy of Sciences president Ralph Ciccerone sent Barton a letter that noted scientists ’ concerns along with a better way forward :
A Congressional investigation , based on the authority of the House Commerce Committee is probably not the best way to resolve a scientific issue , and a focus on individual scientists can be intimidating .
If the House Commerce Committee would like to have additional information regarding the state of scientific knowledge in the area of research being conducted by Drs. Mann , Hughes , and Bradley , the National Academy of Sciences would be willing to create an independent expert panel ( according to our standard rigorous study process ) to assess the state of scientific knowledge in this area , or perhaps one of the professional scientific societies could take on this task for you .
But , as Thacker noted , there was no interest from Barton :
Attempting to resolve the issue , The National Research Council [ operational arm of the joint National Academies ] has even offered to perform an independent review of the controversy for Barton .
Bill Colglazier , the council ’s executive director , declares , ” It was a sincere good - faith offer , but [ the congressman ] did n’t seem too positive on this ” .
At the same time , Representative Sherwood Boehlert , chairman of the House Science Committee , issued an opening salvo in what was to become a running war between the two committees .
He expressed his “ strenuous objections ” to Barton ’s “ misguided and illegitimate investigation , ” and stated that Barton ’s unprecedented approach raised “ the specter of politicians opening investigations against any scientist who reaches a conclusion that makes the political elite uncomfortable . ”
Nevertheless , Mann and the others all furnished formal detailed replies to Barton ( you can read them , along with other reaction from scientists , at the RealClimate post “ Scientists respond to Barton ” ) .
And then , on the surface at least , things became very quiet and were not to heat up until 2006 , with its duel of competing reports and hearings .
The Science Committee hearings ( and National Academy of Sciences report ) would come in March 2006 , while Barton shot back with a report by a panel led by Edward Wegman and his own set of hearings in July 2006 .
An “ independent ” panel
When I first started re-examining the Wegman report , I was struck by the paucity of information about its mandate , formation and operation .
The report itself seemed to describe a highly informal process , to put it mildly .
The Chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce along with Chairman of the Subcommittee of Oversight and Investigations have been interested in discovering whether or not the criticisms of Mann et al. are valid and if so , what are the implications .
To this end , Committee staff asked for advice as to the validity of the complaints of McIntyre and McKitrick [ MM ] and related implications .
Dr. Wegman formed an ad hoc Committee ( Drs. Edward J. Wegman – George Mason University , David W. Scott – Rice University , and Yasmin H. Said – The Johns Hopkins University ) .
The Committee was organized with our own initiative as a pro bono committee . [ p . 2 ]
Although there appeared to be no official information beyond this , I wondered if the reference to Barton ’s staff might hold a clue to missing details .
I had discovered Peter Spencer ’s involvement by noticing his name as the contact in the Barton - Whitfield letters ; now , I decided to see if there might be evidence of his involvement in the Wegman panel .
And that ’s how I found a hitherto unnoticed 2007 symposium presentation by Wegman co-panelist ( and protege ) Yasmin Said , which was considerably more forthcoming .
Said gave crucial – and in my opinion , shocking – details about the inception and process of the Wegman panel .
[ The presentation has since been removed from the GMU website , but it is available here . ]
Here ’s Said on the background of the Wegman panel :
Dr. Edward Wegman was approached by Dr. Jerry Coffey on 1 September 2005 concerning possible testimony in Congress about a statistical issue associated with paleoclimate reconstruction .
– This approach was based on independent recommendations from Dr. Fritz Scheuren , ASA 100th President and from the National Academy of Science where Dr. Wegman chaired CATS .
It turns out that go - between Coffey is a statistical expert who worked in government for most of his career .
Wegman and Coffey have likely known each other a long time ; they are both active members of the Washington branch of the American Statistical Society .
But Coffey is also a dyed - in - the - wool “ Tea Party ” Republican and gun nut , as his page at the Republican Party Virginia Network makes clear .
A recent comment for the Virginia Republican Defenders of the Second Amendment group reads :
The place for ammunition shoppers to be Saturday was the Gun Show at the Showplace in Richmond .
Everybody had ammunition and there were even some bargains .
Said left unexplained the supposed “ recommendations ” and their context .
Were these recommendations made in the specific context of a study on paleoclimatology ?
Did Coffey ask for these recommendations or did someone else ?
Also unexplained was the necessity of a preliminary approach to Wegman by a third party .
But Coffey ’s qualifications for the job are evident in comments at PersonalLiberty.com , with his reference to the “ Gore global warming boondoggle ” and his recommendations of climate science reading material :
My favorite short read on global warming is Lawrence Solomon ’s “ The Deniers . ” I particularly enjoyed the chapter on Ed Wegman since I had a ringside seat when Ed ’s analysis got started .
Others [ sic ] books you might enjoy are the last couple by Patrick Michaels ; Fred Singer and Dennis Avery on the 1500 year cycle ; and [ Roy ] Spencer ’s latest .
Said goes on :
After the initial contact , Dr. Wegman received materials and a visit from Congressional Staffer Peter Spencer .
Peter Spencer explained that the House Committee on Oversight and Investigations was interested in understanding whether the criticism of the paleoclimate temperature reconstruction
published by Dr. Michael Mann and his associates was meritorious .
• This curve was used in the 2001 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) to reinforce concerns about global warming .
• There had been some criticism of the statistical methodology , but this was not being taken seriously within the climate change community .
–
Because of the public policy implications , the House Committee wanted an independent expert opinion .
• Dr. Wegman was asked if he would be willing to take on this task and would he form a small team to look into the issue .
• He agreed and recruited Dr. David W. Scott and me as well as one other participant , who later dropped out .
• We were warned that we should be prepared for criticism and that we should have thick skins .
• Peter Spencer began sending us a daunting amount of material for us to review over the next 9 months .
[ Emphasis added ]
So there you have it .
This supposedly “ independent ” panel began with a sounding out by a rabid Republican partisan and convinced climate “ skeptic ” .
And Wegman agreed to a process that not only excluded climate scientists , but also involved Peter Spencer as a key conduit and gatekeeper providing climate science documentation and commentary .
And all this was done by a House committee that had refused to even acknowledge the offer of a proper scientific review from the National Academy of Sciences .
Nevertheless ,
Said insisted that the approach of the panel was one of an “ honest broker ” ( where have I heard that one before ? ) and that it had an “ unbiased perspective . ”
She admitted that none of her team had “ any real expertise in paleoclimate reconstruction , but were arguably pretty good statisticians . ”
As if that could repair the lack of domain knowledge , so painfully obvious in the panel ’s report .
Said also opined that the panelists saw themselves as “ referees ” in the “ hockey game , ” which she characterized as a “ debate ” going on in “ weblogs . ”
Well , certainly one side of the debate was ; the other ( scientific ) side was also producing more and more corroborating and refining evidence with each passing year .
But maybe Spencer was not passing that along .
Perhaps the most unintentionally humorous statement ( among many others ) was this :
[ Mann ’s ] main adversaries were Steve McIntyre and Ross McKitrick , both Canadian citizens , who were usually unkindly referred to as the “ Canadians . ”
Gee , thanks for that .
I did n’t know my nationality considered a term of opprobrium in Washington , DC .
The conduct of the Wegman panel also casts doubt on their independence and impartiality .
We have been to Michael Mann ’s University of Virginia website and downloaded the materials there .
Unfortunately , we did not find adequate material to reproduce the MBH98 materials .
We have been able to reproduce the results of McIntyre and McKitrick ( 2005 b ) .
While at first the McIntyre code was specific to the file structure of his computer , with his assistance we were able to run the code on our own machines and reproduce and extend some of his results .
By all accounts , Wegman did not even bother to contact Mann , and yet worked directly with McIntyre in order to “ reproduce ” his results .
Hail , hail the gang ’s all here
The extent of McIntyre ’s communication with the Wegman panel , or indeed with Peter Spencer and other Republican staffers , is not known ( although it should certainly be ascertained ) .
However , it is worth noting that on at least two occasions all of the principals were together at events in the Washington area .
The U.S. Climate Change Program workshop in November 2005 was one such meeting .
The list of participants includes both McIntyre and staffer Spencer .
George Mason University was well represented ; Wegman and Said were only two of several professors from that institution .
Another George Mason - connected personage was none other than climate skeptic and Science & Environment Policy Project head Fred Singer , who was Distinguished Research Professor at George Mason ’s Institute for Humane Studies from 1994 on .
( Indeed , the Institute is only one of 40 libertarian research centres and affiliates hosted at George Mason ) .
Also present were two staffers from the U.S. House Committee on Science and Technology , Christopher King and James Paul .
Perhaps , then , this is the occasion where word of the Wegman panel first got out .
Be that as it may , in that same month Science Committee chair Sherwood Boehlert requested that the National Academy of Science review the matter .
This led to the comprehensive National Academy of Sciences report Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2,000 Years by a distinguished panel led by Gerald North .
That led to competing sets of hearings in 2006 – and another “ hail - hail - the - gang ’s - all - here ” moment in Washington at the Science Committee hearings .
That was reported by a ClimateAudit fan in a post that is the only one ever to mention Peter Spencer .
First of all , having followed the global warming controversy for the last five years , I was thrilled to meet many of the heavyweight skeptics : Fred Singer , Myron Ebell , Willie Soon , John Christy , Steve and Ross .
I also enjoyed chatting with various staffers from the hill ( Peter Spencer – House Energy & Commerce Committee …)
The subsequent House Energy and Commerce Committee hearings in July 2006 provided another round in the political debate .
As related in the Government Accountability Project report Redacting the Science of ClimateChange [ p. 62 , See full 1.5 MB PDF ] :
According to Lauren Morello of the Environment and Energy Daily , the hearing was scheduled for a time when the committee knew that Mann could not attend .
[ Environment and Energy Daily ( July 20 , 2006 ) ]
All these various indications of a biased process and the apparent role of Peter Spencer , entirely support Sherwood Boehlert ’s characterization of the Barton investigation as “ misguided and illegitimate . ”
And this new information may go some way towards resolving some of the enduring mysteries about the whole affair .
For one thing , new light is cast on a key Wegman et al section on tree - ring proxies I discussed in Wegman and Rapp on Tree - Rings : A Divergence Problem , part 1 .
There I showed that the section was largely derived , without attribution , from “ hockey stick ” co-author Raymond Bradley ’s paleoclimatology text book , but with significant errors and distortions interspersed in the text ( see also this side - by - side comparison of the two texts ) .
Ascertaining the exact process whereby this occurred may require close questioning of the responsible author , along with careful examination of earlier drafts .
But it is also clear that all documentation supplied by Spencer , whether or not included the Wegman bibliography , should be identified and then carefully checked and reviewed .
It may well be that one of these contains a previously undiscovered main intermediate antecedent for the section in question .
And to come full circle , one of the entries in Wegman ’s bibliography turns out to be none other than McIntyre and McKitrick ’s May 2005 presentation .
Although McIntyre is not cited , it is reasonable to infer that McIntyre ’s discussion of co-authorship in climate science may have inspired Wegman ’s social network analysis .
( A bizarre footnote : for some reason , Wegman ’s bibliographic entry lists the incorrect date of September 7 , not May 11 ) .
In coming months , I ’ll examine in detail various aspects of the Wegman Report , its antecedents ( whether attributed or not ) , and update other developments .
Meanwhile , there is now ample evidence to suggest that the so - called climate science “ auditors ” and “ investigators , ” along with their hidden sponsors , should themselves be thoroughly investigated .
And high time too .
[ Updated Feb. 8 : ( editing and extension of summary and document list update ) ]
===========================
Key documents :
The Hockey Stick Debate : Lessons in Disclosure and Due Diligence , Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick , Marshall Institute , May 11 , 2005 .
[ Presentation : PDF , Roundtable transcript : PDF ]
Ad Hoc Committee Report on the ‘ Hockey Stick ’ Global Climate Reconstruction , Edward J. Wegman , David W. Scott and Yasmin H. Said . [ PDF ]
Experiences with Congressional Testimony : Statistics and The Hockey Stick , Yasmin Said , September , 2007 . [ PDF ]
Wegman - Bradley Tree Ring Comparison [ PDF ]
A new website called PleaseRobMe.com does nothing more than aggregate publicly shared check - ins , but its name and purpose attempt to shed more light on the dangerous side effects of location - sharing .
It 's no secret that when you share your location via Google Buzz and Foursquare you 're exposing information that could put you at risk .
Many of us location - sharers get so caught up in the novelty and bonuses associated with our behavior that we forget the implications of our actions .
PleaseRobMe.com seeks to make us more aware .
While the functionality of the site is minimal at best , the fact that you can view a livestream of check - ins — with data aggregated from Foursquare and Twitter — and filter by location or Twitter name is meant to be a bit jarring .
The point is driven home with the site - wide terminology , which caters to hypothetical would - be burglars .
Check - ins are referenced as " recent empty homes " and " new opportunities , " and the name of the site alone is sure to raise a few eyebrows .
The site was created by three enterprising individuals who are n't really out to get you robbed .
Here 's how they describe the problem created by check-ins and the purpose of the site :
" The danger is publicly telling people where you are .
This is because it leaves one place you 're definitely not ... home .
So here we are ; on one end we 're leaving lights on when we 're going on a holiday , and on the other we 're telling everybody on the Internet we 're not home .
It gets even worse if you have ' friends ' who want to colonize your house .
That means they have to enter your address , to tell everyone where they are .
Your address .. on the Internet ..
Now you know what to do when people reach for their phone as soon as they enter your home .
That 's right , slap them across the face . "
These guys have a legitimate point .
Stories about status updates leading to burglaries are becoming commonplace .
You may remember that video podcaster Israel Hyman was robbed after tweeting that he was out was out town , and there 's even evidence to support the notion that burglars are turning to social media to find their targets .
So are Foursquare , Loopt , Google Buzz and all the others just sites that make us all easier targets ?
Location - sharing is becoming such a popular trend this year that it does n't seem likely that the site will do much to curb the behavior .
If there is such a thing as safe location - sharing , however , we hope you practice it .
Easily Make Your Own Game
The Game Crafter offers game designers an easy - to - use system to make a board game , card game , or custom playing cards .
Upload your artwork and rules
Choose the parts in your game Select the game box you want Buy 1 copy or as many as you need
Once a game is created , the designer can choose to self - publish it in our online shop and sell it to a worldwide audience .
Learn more
No Minimum Order and Bulk Discounts
There is no minimum order size when you design a game at The Game Crafter .
Buy 1 copy or as many as you need .
We offer bulk discounts starting at just 10 copies !
The same is true for game pieces and game accessories if you need some of those .
The renewable power industry has warned that it needs £ 500 m from the government over the next two years if it is to help ministers meet energy and climate change targets .
More than half of the cash is for offshore wind power generation , while another part is required if wave and tidal power is to move from experimental to commercial application , the industry said in a budget submission out tomorrow .
The call for a large injection of public cash was made by RenewableUK , the lobby group previously known as the British Wind Energy Association , in a presentation to the energy minister , David Kidney .
Maria McCaffery , chief executive of RenewableUK , accepted it was a " huge amount of money " at a time when public finances were severely dented .
But she said it would pay dividends for years to come , adding : " The returns are very , very significant and , frankly , I do n't think there is a better option at the moment . "
The call for new money comes at a time of rising disquiet in some quarters at the cost of the " green " revolution , with even some environmentalists questioning the cost of the planned new feed - in tariff which is meant to encourage homeowners to put small - scale wind turbines and solar panels on their roofs .
RenewableUK pointed to the example of Denmark as a country that had reaped the benefits of giving strong support to a new industry , in particular onshore wind .
Ministers had injected £ 1.3 bn into a sector that is now producing revenues of £ 2.3 bn annually .
McCaffery said venture capitalists were " beating on the door " to invest in the clean technology sectors .
The industry needs government subsidies until it was able to stand on its own feet , she argued .
Even in the tidal arena , which is a long way behind wind in commercial terms , there are encouraging signs of interest with big names such as Siemens of Germany and Vattenfall of Sweden buying up equity stakes in wave power businesses .
The budget submission called for up to £ 300 m to be invested in offshore wind facilities , technologies and " intellectual infrastructure " .
Wind operators want to see a capital grant programme to support testing and the establishment of a " green bank " to channel new funding into the wider renewables sector .
RenewableUK is also calling for £ 30 m for research to resolve conflicts with the aviation sector , which is said to be holding up wind power projects .
A further £ 15 m is required to aid the Ministry of Defence with radar problems caused by similar developments .
The remaining £ 150 m would go to tidal and wave schemes .
The budget submission was not just about money .
It also raised a considerable number of concerns including " punishingly high " network charges for remote generators and the way the Offshore Transmission Owner ( OFTO ) arrangements would work .
" The currently envisaged application of this [ OFTO ] system will result in a gap in orders to the industry ... the hiatus will also mean that the UK is behind the curve necessary to meet 2020 targets , " RenewableUK said .
Kidney , who was attending a RenewableUK tidal and wave conference , did not comment on the budget requests from industry but said that the government remained fully committed to its low - carbon industrial strategy .
• This article was amended on 5 March 2010 .
In the original opening paragraph a sentence referred to " wind and tidal power " , and RenewableUK 's chief executive was misspelled as Maria McCafferty .
This has been corrected .
$ \begingroup $
My favorite connection in mathematics ( and an interesting application to physics ) is a simple corollary from Hodge 's decomposition theorem , which states :
On a ( compact and smooth ) riemannian manifold $ M$ with its Hodge - deRham - Laplace operator $ \ Delta , $ the space of $ p$ - forms $ \ Omega^p $ can be written as the orthogonal sum ( relative to the $ L^2 $ product ) $ $ \ Omega^p = \ Delta \ Omega^p \oplus \cal H^p = d \ Omega^{p - 1} \oplus \delta \ Omega^ { p+1} \oplus \cal H^p , $ $ where $ \cal H^p $ are the harmonic $ p$ - forms , and $ \delta$ is the adjoint of the exterior derivative $ d$ ( i.e. $ \delta = \text {( some sign ) } \ star d\star$ and $ \star$ is the Hodge star operator ) .
( The theorem follows from the fact , that $ \ Delta $ is a self - adjoint , elliptic differential operator of second order , and so it is Fredholm with index $ 0 $ . )
From this it is now easy to proof , that every not trivial deRham cohomology class $ [ \omega ] \ in H^p$ has a unique harmonic representative $ \gamma \in \cal H^p$ with $ [ \omega ] = [ \gamma ] $ .
Please note the equivalence $ $ \ Delta \gamma = 0 \ Leftrightarrow d \gamma = 0 \ wedge \delta \ gamma = 0 . $ $
Besides that this statement implies easy proofs for Poincaré duality and what not , it motivates an interesting viewpoint on electro - dynamics :
Please be aware , that from now on we consider the Lorentzian manifold $ M = \ mathbb {R} ^4 $ equipped with the Minkowski metric ( so $ M$ is neither compact nor riemannian ! ) .
We are going to interpret $ \mathbb {R}^4 = \ mathbb{R} \times \ mathbb{R}^3 $ as a foliation of spacelike slices and the first coordinate as a time function $ t$ .
So every point $ ( t , p ) $ is a position $ p $ in space $ \mathbb {R}^3 $ at the time $t \in \ mathbb {R} $ .
Consider the lifeline $ L \simeq \ mathbb {R} $ of an electron in spacetime .
Because the electron occupies a position which can't be occupied by anything else , we can remove $ L$ from the spacetime $ M $ .
Though the theorem of Hodge does not hold for lorentzian manifolds in general , it holds for $ M \setminus L \simeq \ mathbb {R}^4 \ setminus \ mathbb{R}$ .
The only non vanishing cohomology space is $ H^ 2 $ with dimension $ 1 $ ( this statement has nothing to do with the metric on this space , it 's pure topology - we just cut out the lifeline of the electron ! ) .
And there is an harmonic generator $ F \in \ Omega ^ 2 $ of $ H^ 2 $ , that solves $ $ \ Delta F = 0 \ Leftrightarrow dF = 0 \ wedge \delta F = 0 . $ $
But we can write every $ 2 $ - form $ F $ as a unique decomposition $ $ F = E + B \wedge dt . $ $
If we interpret $ E$ as the classical electric field and $ B$ as the magnetic field , than $d F = 0 $ is equivalent to the first two Maxwell equations and $ \delta F = 0 $ to the last two .
So cutting out the lifeline of an electron gives you automagically the electro - magnetic field of the electron as a generator of the non-vanishing cohomology class .
Oddly Enough
Fancy a fish with 6 - pack abs ?
Posted
Mar 17 - Scientists have created a transgenic trout with muscles your average body builder would die for .
But this guy is more than just pretty - his creator says the buff fish could be big news for the commerical fish - farm industry .
Julie Gordon reports .
The most active undersea vlocano in the world
http://ninjerktsu.tumblr.com/
I also have a Tumblr
Thanks for visiting .
So basically I thought it would be fun to draw a comic about ninjas that are proficient in the area of being total jerks .
That 's it .
That 's what they do .
Is that funny ?
Four glasses of red wine told me it was .
Anyway it keeps me drawing and I 've always liked doodling ninjas .
Follow me on the Twitter .
I Tweet out new comics when I post them .
Spinning out a solution ( Image : LSST )
Editorial : Bringing dark matter down to Earth
A SPINNING disc may be all that is needed to overturn Newton ’s second law of motion – and potentially remove the need for dark matter .
The second law states that a force is proportional to an object ’s mass and its acceleration .
But since the 1980s , some physicists have eyed the law with suspicion , arguing that subtle changes to it at extremely small accelerations could explain the observed motion of stars in galaxies .
Stars move at speeds that suggest that galaxies have far more mass than is visible , which …
This update of Property is Theft ! is focused on two key issues , Proudhon and Marx as well as Proudhon ’s influence on the Paris Commune ( which explains why it has been updated on the 18th of March ! ) .
The two are inter-related , simply because many key “ Marxist ” positions are first found in Proudhon ’s work or date from the 1871 revolt and , ironically , simply repeat the ideas raised by the Communards who in turn found them in Proudhon …
The update involves the appendix of texts from the Commune as well as Proudhon ’s 1846 letter to Marx and extracts from System of Economic Contradictions ( both volume 1 and volume 2 , some of the later translated for the first time ) .
This work , as most people will know , produced Marx ’s The Poverty of Philosophy in response and , sadly , many radicals will only know Proudhon from that hatchet - job .
The appendix to the introduction on “ Proudhon and Marx ” is also posted .
Marx ’s 1847 work is discussed here , along with general points on Proudhon ’s influence on Marx ( influence from Marx to Proudhon is harder to find , probably because there is none – claims by Engels and Marx otherwise not withstanding ) .
The volume 1 extracts are from Benjamin Tucker ’s 1888 translation ( which is available on - line ) .
I have corrected some of the translation , mostly in relation to Tucker translating “ salariat ” as “ wages ” rather than wage - labour or wage - workers .
The glossary has more information but the changes are essential for both accuracy in translation and to reflect Proudhon ’s awareness of , and opposition to , wage - labour ( something readers of Marx may not be aware of ) .
Any change , though , has an endnote indicating what it was originally .
I have also taken the liberty of adding notes to the extracts from System of Economic Contradictions ( System ) with relevant quotes from Poverty of Philosophy in order to compare what Proudhon actually wrote to what Marx claimed he did .
The contrast is enlightening .
Suffice to say , while Marx ’s work does contain a few valid points against Proudhon it is marred by the distortions , selective quoting and ( at times ) inventions he inflicts on his readers .
Much of the accepted wisdom on Proudhon flows from this hatch - job , most obviously the idea he wanted to return to small - scale production .
Never mind that Proudhon explicitly rejects such a view in that work , this did not stop Marx suggesting he did !
Then there is that old perennial that Proudhon ignored the “ relations of production ” and so failed to recognise the unique nature of modern property ( namely , its basis in wage - labour and capital ) .
This is a charge hard to take seriously if you actually read Proudhon two volumes – but since few Marxists ( or anarchists , to be honest ) would do that , Marx ’s false claims get repeated ( as we discuss below ) .
It is fair to say that System it is often unfocused and goes off at tangents to the main topic ( the chapter on “ Property ” starts with a long discussion on how we interpret world and also discusses the benefits of marriage ! ) .
Yet there are important and significant insights in it so while by no means Proudhon ’s best work , System does contain important material which we have extracted for the anthology and which we sketch here .
In short , neither it nor its author deserves the ( usually ignorant ) abuse heaped upon them .
Particularly , as I attempt to outline , it contains many key libertarian concepts – some of which Marx later appropriated wholesale !
Much the same can be said of Proudhon ’s works considered as a whole – particularly when Marx dismisses Proudhon while praising the Paris Commune which implemented so many of his ideas !
Proudhon ’s posthumous influence on the commune is discussed in the introduction – as well as in my article “ The Paris Commune , Marxism and Anarchism ” ( Anarcho - Syndicalist Review , no. 50 ) .
An introduction to the commune can be found in section A.5.1 of An Anarchist FAQ .
What is most obvious is how ignorant most Marxists are on this .
They seem to think that the Communards spontaneously developed these ideas without any influence of the ideas and history of radical social movements they were part of !
For example , Tony Cliff ( Trotskyism after Trotsky , Bookmarks , 1999 ) asserts the following :
“ Another turning point was the Paris Commune in 1871 which inspired Marx to write in The Civil War in France , ‘ The working class cannot take the old state machine to use it to build socialism . ’
He argued that the working class must smash the capitalist state machine and build a new state without a police force , a standing army or a bureaucracy , a state in which all officials should be elected , instantly recallable and should get the same wages as the workers they represent .
The Communist Manifesto had not mentioned any of this .
Now Marx recognised the central features of a workers ’ state .
He did not reach these conclusions from studying hard in the British Museum .
His understanding flowed from the actions of the Parisian workers who took power for 74 days and showed what kind of state the working class could establish . ” ( p. 7 )
Very true , the Communist Manifesto did not mention this ( instead it presented a vision of social change rooted in seizing the state by means of universal suffrage : “ winning the battle for democracy ” ) .
However , Proudhon raised much of the Communard ’s vision … in 1848 !
He raised the principle of recalling elected people ( and mandating , another Communard principle which Cliff forgets to mention ) in the second pamphlet he wrote after the February revolution ( dated 26th March and entitled “ Democracy ” – this has been freshly translated for Property is Theft ! but extracts of a previous translation are on - line ) .
He re-iterated this in his second election Manifesto later that year :
“ It is up to the National Assembly , through organisation of its committees , to exercise executive power , just the way it exercises legislative power . . .
Besides universal suffrage and as a consequence of universal suffrage , we want implementation of the binding mandate .
Politicians balk at it !
Which means that in their eyes , the people , in electing representatives , do not appoint mandatories but rather abjure their sovereignty !
That is assuredly not socialism : it is not even democracy . ”
( No Gods , No Masters , pp. 78-9 )
And , as can be seen , for good measure adds the fusion of executive and legislative functions in one body – another Communard position Cliff fails to mention ( and which Marx praised ) .
So by 1871 Marx , finally , caught up with Proudhon – thanks to the actions of his followers in Paris !
It does seem ironic that the person Marx dismissed as a “ petit - bourgeois ” ( or just a “ bourgeois ” socialist ) advocated “ the central features of a workers ’ state ” 23 years before Marx did …
And , need I stress , Proudhon was hardly working in a social vacuum and was , undoubtedly , reflecting , developing and formulising what was being discussed in working class radical circles .
However , the obvious application of Proudhon ’s ideas was hardly lost on libertarians at the time : “ Federalism , in the sense given to it by the Paris Commune , and that was given to it many years ago by the great socialist Proudhon , who first scientifically outlined the theory , — federalism is above all the negation of the nation and the State . ” ( James Guillaume , Federalism ) .
Nor , presumably , on Marx …
So in reporting on the Commune ( and much of Marx ’s Civil War in France is simply stating what happened )
Marx presented ideas which libertarians like Proudhon and Bakunin had been arguing for some years .
Mandating delegates , instant recall , federalism , replacing wage - labour with associative production , all were advocated by Proudhon long before his followers helped introduce them in 1871 ( and it is somewhat amusing to compare Marx ’s praise of the Commune within his dismissal of the French Internationalists five years before – as we do ! ) .
However , a key difference is that Proudhon refused to describe this radically different social organisation a “ state . ”
He explained his reasoning in his polemic with Louis Blanc and Pierre Leroux ( also see Proudhon ’s letter to Leroux and a later article in the same discussion ) .
In a way , implicitly Cliff recognises this obvious fact by talking about “ a new state ” and “ a workers ’ state . ”
Which raises the question , if it is so different , such an inversion of what we have always known as a “ state ” , then why call it a state ?
Simply because the “ new ” state will be a centralised structure in which power will be delegated into the hands of a government ( made up of the likes of Cliff , so they hope ) .
In short , it retains some of the ( negative ) features of the “ old ” state – features which have evolved to marginalise the many and empower the ruling few .
Unsurprisingly , the so - called “ workers ’ state ” of the Bolsheviks quickly became as hierarchical and repressive as the “ old ” ones and , almost as quickly , the party bosses came to see this as no bad thing …
This is not the first time we find Proudhon proclaiming so - called “ Marxist ” principle before Marx .
As we noted in the introduction , Proudhon expounded the ( “ Marxist ” ) theory of surplus value in 1840 long before Marx .
Engels summarised Marx ’s theory , stating that the “ value of the labour - power , and the value which that labour - power creates in the labour - process , are two different magnitudes ” and so if “ the labourer each day costs the owner of money the value of the product of six hours ’ labour ” and works twelve , he “ hands over ” to the capitalist “ each day the value of the product of twelve hours ’ labour . ”
The difference in favour of the owner is “ unpaid surplus - labour , a surplus - product . ”
He gushes that the “ solution of this problem was the most epoch - making achievement of Marx ’s work .
It spread the clear light of day through economic domains in which socialists no less than bourgeois economists previously groped in utter darkness .
Scientific socialism dates from the discovery of this solution and has been built up around it . ” ( Marx Engels Collected Works , vol. 25 , pp. 189-90 )
Compare this to Proudhon :
“ Whoever labours becomes a proprietor . . .
And when I say proprietor , I do not mean simply ( as do our hypocritical economists ) proprietor of his allowance , his salary , his wages , – I mean proprietor of the value his creates , and by which the master alone profits . . .
The labourer retains , even after he has received his wages , a natural right in the thing he has produced . ”
( What is Property ? , pp. 123-4 )
Property meant “ another shall perform the labour while [ the proprietor ] receives the product . ”
So the “ free worker produces ten ; for me , thinks the proprietor , he will produce twelve ” and so to “ satisfy property , the labourer must first produce beyond his needs . ” ( p. 98 , pp. 184-5 ) That was part of the reason why “ property is theft ” !
Proudhon had also proclaimed the need for a “ scientific socialism ” in What is Property ?
so Engels was right in a sense …
Marx makes great play of Proudhon ’s supposed unawareness of “ the relations of production ” and how they change in Poverty of Philosophy .
He muttered about how Proudhon “ borrows from the economists the necessity of eternal relations ” while ignoring such comments from System ( volume 1 ) as the “ error of Malthus , the radical vice of political economy , consists , in general terms , in affirming as a definitive state a transitory condition , – namely , the division of society into patricians and proletaires . ”
Marx ’s assertions about Proudhon are repeated by his followers .
A slight diversion into Cliff ’s “ theory ” of Stalinist Russia as “ state capitalist ” is required to show this ( and how repetition of this assertion negates the need to actually think about the relations of production ) .
First , it should be noted that anarchists ( and other socialists ) had been calling the Soviet regime “ state capitalist ” for some time , under Lenin in fact – after predicting that state socialism would just be capitalism with the state replacing the boss .
Cliff came to call it so nearly three decades later ( “ Russia was defined as state capitalist by the present author . . . in 1948 ” ( p. 24 ) ) Sadly , the delay did not produce a better analysis… .
The reason why it is not a better analysis is exposed by , ironically , Cliff ’s regurgitating Marx ’s attack on Proudhon .
Cliff states “ Marx ridiculed Proudhon ’s attempt to define private property independently of the relations of production ” ( p. 30 ) and “ Proudhon . . . abstracted the form of property from the relations of production ” ( p. 32 ) and quotes Marx from “ The Poverty of Philosophy ” :
“ In each historical epoch , property has developed differently and under a set of entirely different social relations .
Thus to define bourgeois property is nothing less than to give an exposition of all the social relations of bourgeois production .
To try to give a definition of property as if an independent relation , a category apart – an abstract eternal idea – can be nothing but an illusion of metaphysics or jurisprudence . ” ( p. 30 )
Marx , needless to say , does ( on occasion ) the same thing , he attacks Proudhon for – namely suggesting that the various forms of “ property ” have something in common and so warrant the term “ property . ”
Looking at the Communist Manifesto , for example , Marx and Engels argue that the “ distinguishing feature of Communism is not the abolition of property generally , but the abolition of bourgeois property . ”
Yet even using the term “ property generally ” shows the weakness of Marx ’s attack on Proudhon .
Yes , property does change overtime and specific forms of property have specific social relations associated with them but , surely , it is possible to generalise these into a category called “ property ” ?
There have been many states and gods , for example , but to suggest that using the general term “ state ” or “ god ” to group these together based on what they have in common is meaningless metaphysics is , on the face of it , a bizarre suggestion .
And if , as Cliff suggests , Marx mocks Proudhon for defining “ property ” without looking at its social relations ( which is false ) then why even mention “ property generally ” ?
Particularly when Marx and Engels then conclude : “ In this sense , the theory of the Communists may be summed up in the single sentence : Abolition of private property . ”
Oh , right .
Proudhon is attacked for failing to distinguish forms of property yet Marx feels happy to sum up his ideology as the abolition of “ private property ” !
Need it be pointed out that it was this sentance , not the various historical musings that preceeded it , that was quoted when discussing the aim of Marxism ?
Not that Marx took his own advice , of course .
He often used the term “ property ” in very general ways .
For example , Marx sounded very much like Proudhon when he stated that “ the private property of particular individuals in the earth will appear just as absurd as the private property of one man in other men .
Even an entire society , a nation , or all simultaneously existing societies taken together , are not the owners of the earth .
They are simply its possessors , its beneficiaries . ” ( Capital , vol. 3 , p. 911 ) Clearly Marx had forgotten to talk of “ private property ” in the land without discussing precisely the differing social relations in each historical period was nothing but “ an illusion of metaphysics ” !
Ignoring the difficulties in denouncing someone for using the common practice of generalising specifics into universals ( if only to save having to continually add words like “ bourgeois ” or “ modern bourgeois private ” before “ property ” ! ) , the fact is that Proudhon recognised that capitalist society had specific , and new , social relationships .
As is clear from Proudhon ’s discussion of “ property ” in System ( or , for that matter , in What is Property ? ) , he was well aware that the current system was based on wage - labour .
To quote from Volume 2 :
“ Thus , property , which should make us free , makes us prisoners .
What am I saying ?
It degrades us , by making us servants and tyrants to one another .
“ Do you know what it is to be a wage - worker ?
To work under a master , watchful [ jaloux ] of his prejudices even more than of his orders ; whose dignity consists above all in demanding , sic volo , sic jubeo [ Thus I wish .
Thus I command ] , and never explaining ; often you have a low opinion of him , and you mock him !
Not to have any thought of your own , to study without ceasing the thought of others , to know no stimulus except your daily bread , and the fear of losing your job !
“ The wage - worker is a man to whom the proprietor who hires his services gives this speech :
What you have to do does not concern you at all : you do not control it , you do not answer for it .
Every observation is forbidden to you ; there is no profit for you to hope for except from your wage , no risk to run , no blame to fear . ”
Thus modern society was marked by “ the selfish and injurious division , capital and wage - labour . ”
Or the comments in volume 1 of System that the “ period through which we are now passing . . . is distinguished by a special characteristic : WAGE - LABOUR ” ( le salariat ) and that the relations of profits to wages reflect “ the war between labour and capital ” !
So if , as the Communist Manifesto proclaimed , “ Property , in its present form , is based on the antagonism of capital and wage labour ” then it was simply repeating Proudhon ’s analysis !
Similarly , that document asserted that “ Communism deprives no man of the power to appropriate the products of society ; all that it does is to deprive him of the power to subjugate the labour of others by means of such appropriation . ”
Which is simply echoing Proudhon ’s analysis that the “ proprietor is a man who , having absolute control of an instrument of production , claims the right to enjoy the product of the instrument without using it himself ” and to whom the worker “ has sold and surrendered his liberty . ”
In a free society “ all accumulated capital being social property , no one can be its exclusive proprietor . ”
( What is Property ? , p. 293 , p. 130 )
Perhaps Marx ’s only real point is that Proudhon used the word “ property ” rather than , say , “ capital ” or “ modern bourgeois private property ” ?
Yet Marx also does this , at times .
Marx states communism aims for “ the abolition of bourgeois property ” while for Proudhon it is the abolition of “ property . ”
Does that really warrant the scorn Marx inflicts on Proudhon ?
Or , worse , that Marx is mindless parroted by his followers to suggest that Proudhon ignored “ the relations of production ” when , when you read him , he most obviously did not ?
At worse Proudhon can be criticised for equating property with the dominant form of property around him , bourgeois property , and , as a result , for not mentioning those forms of property which no longer existed !
However , to return to Cliff .
His discussion on his “ theory ” of state capitalism does , despite all his genuflecting to Marx and mocking of Proudhon , precisely what Marx ( falsely ) accused Proudhon of doing .
Cliff fails to discuss the relations of production in Soviet Russia !
He starts as follows :
“ Marx ’s analysis of capitalism involves a theory of the relations between the exploiters and the exploited , and among the exploiters themselves .
The two main features of the capitalist mode of production are the separation of the workers from the means of production and the transformation of labour power into a commodity which the workers must well in order to live , and the reinvestment of surplus value – the accumulation of capital – which is forced on the individual capitalists by their competitive struggle with one another .
Both these features characterised the Soviet Union during the first Five Year Plan ( 1928 - 32 ) . ” ( p. 34 )
Yet workers did not control their workplaces in 1927 and had not since Lenin had started to impose one - man management in 1918 !
In short , the actual relations of production remained unchanged in 1928 – workers had to sell their labour to the managers of state - owned workplaces .
As such , Cliff ’s description of Stalinist Russia was also applicable to Leninist Russia , namely that “ the workers were separated from the means of production , had no say in running the economy and state , and were subordinated to the most monstrous bureaucratic and militarist state machine ” ( p. 27 ) Perhaps the Stalinist bureaucracy was more ruthless , privileged and corrupt than the Leninist one ( which was happy to repress strikes ) but that does not change the relations of production .
Cliff implicitly acknowledged the unchanging nature of the relations of production when he states that “ industrialisation and technical revolution in agriculture ( ‘ collectivisation ’ ) in a backward country under condition of siege transformed the bureaucracy , from a layer under the direct and indirect pressure and control of the proletariat , into a ruling class . ” ( p. 36 )
The first notion is easy to refute , that of the USSR being “ under condition of siege ” and so , when viewed within the international economy , there is “ accumulation of capital ” and so it was state capitalist .
Perhaps needless to say , the regime was always part of the international economy and in economic and military competition with capitalist nations ( and , literally , “ under condition of siege ” for some of that time ) .
That did not change in 1928 .
Why did such pressure not make Lenin ’s one - man management regime state - capitalist ?
Because Lenin and Trotsky were in charge rather than Stalin ?
Surely not !?!?!?!
Ignoring such obvious historical issues , Cliff ’s claims are hardly Marxist ( if we take by Marxist what Marx and Engels actually wrote rather than what Marxists wished they wrote ) .
Engels stressed that the “ object of production – to produce commodities – does not import to the instrument the character of capital ” as the “ production of commodities is one of the preconditions for the existence of capital . . . as long as the producer sells only what he himself produces , he is not a capitalist ; he becomes so only from the moment he makes use of his instrument to exploit the wage labour of others . ”
( Marx - Engels Collected Works , Vol. 47 , pp. 179-80 )
He was repeating Marx , who argued that “ competition ” as such did not define capitalism and so the “ character of the production process from which [ goods ] derive is immaterial ” and so on the market commodities come “ from all modes of production ” ( for example , they could be “ the produce of production based on slavery , the product of peasants . . . , of a community . . . , of state production ( such as existed in earlier epochs of Russian history , based on serfdom ) or half - savage hunting peoples ” ) .
( Capital , vol. 2 , pp. 189-90 )
This means that trade “ exploits a given mode of production but does not create it ” and so relates “ to the mode of production from outside . ” ( Capital , vol. 3 , p. 745 )
To take an obvious example , did the American Civil War convert the South ’s slave economy into a capitalist one for Cliff ?
Probably not , as the Russian Civil War did not , for Cliff , convert Lenin ’s one - man management economy into state capitalism .
For Marx , in contrast , capitalism was a mode of production .
It was rooted in wage - labour ( “ relations of production ” ) .
Get rid of wage labour and , for Marx , the economy was not capitalist : “ Let us suppose the workers are themselves in possession of their respective means of production and exchange their commodities with one another .
These commodities would not be products of capital . ”
( Capital , vol. 3 , p. 276 )
So to suggest , as Cliff does , that Stalinism was state capitalist because America and Europe were capitalist makes as much sense as stating that Ford is capitalist because GM and Toyota are capitalist …
( The issue of competitive pressures within market economies and their negative consequences is , of course , an important one but , strictly speaking , irrelevant to determining the mode of production .
It is relevant , though , to deciding if you wish communism or mutualism – but that is another issue ) .
Then there is the notion of “ direct and indirect pressure and control . ”
What “ direct ” pressure and control did workers have ?
It was a party dictatorship and managers were appointed by the state – and had been for nearly a decade .
As for “ indirect ” pressure , that would presumably be the same means by which workers in capitalist workers have – strikes and other forms of direct action against their bosses .
So 1928 did not mark any significant change in the actual “ relations of production ” as is clear from Cliff ’s own account of the process ( and that of his followers ) .
It is easy to understand why Cliff ignored the actual “ relations of production ” in Bolshevik Russia while rhetorically invoking them : if he did look at them he would conclude that Russia had been state capitalist under his idols Lenin and Trotsky .
As anarchists had long argued , replacing the private boss with the state was no real transformation .
As Proudhon suggested in volume 1 of System with regards to Jacobin socialist Louis Blanc :
“ Has M. Blanc touched the problem of value , which involves in itself alone all others ?
He does not even suspect its existence .
Has he given a theory of distribution ?
No .
Has he solved the antinomy of the division of labour , perpetual cause of the worker ’s ignorance , immorality , and poverty ?
No .
Has he caused the contradiction of machinery and wage - labour to disappear , and reconciled the rights of association with those of liberty ?
On the contrary , M. Blanc consecrates this contradiction . ”
So state socialism “ consecrates ” wage - labour , only now to the state .
Hence the need for a third alternative based on associated labour , again from System volume 1 :
“ Either competition , – that is , monopoly and what follows ; or exploitation by the State , – that is , dearness of labour and continuous impoverishment ; or else , in short , a solution based upon equality , – in other words , the organisation of labour , which involves the negation of political economy and the end of property . ”
The experience of Leninist Russia confirms Proudhon ’s in terms of economic social relationships .
Unsurprisingly , it also supports his arguments that state socialism would be repressive and its aim for a “ servant ” state rather than a “ master ” state ( to use Blanc ’s expression ) was utopian .
To quote Proudhon :
“ That between labour and liberty , like capital and government , there is a kinship and identification : so that instead of four parties such as we had in the land but recently , placing us in turn in the economic point of view and in the political point of view , there are really only two : the party of labour or liberty and the party of capital or government .
And these two propositions – abolition of man ’s exploitation of his fellow - man and abolition of the man ’s government of his fellow - man – amount to one and the same proposition ; that finally the revolutionary IDEA , despite the dualism in its formula , is one and indivisible , as is the Republic itself : universal suffrage implying negation of capital ’s preponderance and equality of wealth , just as equality of wealth and the abolition of interest are implicit in negation of government . ”
Ultimately , as well as typically capitalist relations in production the Leninist regime also had a typical state structure .
The change from Tsarist to Leninist to Stalinist regimes did not transform much other than who was giving the orders .
To quote Cliff ’s words back at him : “ the form of government changed to a greater or lesser degree , but the type of state remained the same – ‘ special bodies of armed men , prisons , etc. ’ , independent of the people and serving the capitalist class . ” ( p. 30 ) Moving from private to state capitalist was no great change , as Proudhon constantly re-iterated .
There is a strange paradox in Cliff ’s account .
He is at pains to stress that bourgeois ownership of “ wealth ” ( property ! ) ensures they are the ruling class .
Thus “ the bourgeoisie . . . has direct ownership over wealth ; therefore , whatever the form of government , so long as the bourgeoisie is not expropriated , it does not cease to be the ruling class .
A capitalist can own his property in a feudal monarchy , in a bourgeois republic , in a fascist dictatorship , under military rule , under Robespierre , Hitler , Churchill or Attlee . ” ( p. 25 ) Yet Cliff also argued that the proletariat was the ruling class in the Paris Commune yet it “ did not statify the means of production at all ” ( while the Bolsheviks “ did not do so for some time . ” ) ( p. 29 ) Which means , surely , that the bourgeoisie remained the ruling class in the Commune and under the Bolsheviks ( for some time ) ?
So we have a paradox , apparently the capitalist class can own its property while the working class is “ the ruling class ” ( and , yes , Cliff used the word “ property ” without qualification , for which he mocked Proudhon ! ) .
Yet it is only a paradox if they want Marx to say what you want him to say rather than what he actually did say ( as I ’ve discussed , the “ Marxist ” analysis of the state put forth by Lenin was no such thing ) .
Marx was well aware that the bourgeoisie had to control political power to be the ruling class .
That was why he urged the “ political action ” of the working classes to secure their “ political supremacy ” in order to transform society .
Discussing the Paris Commune , Marx noted that it was “ the political form at last discovered [ at least by Marx ! ] under which to work out the economic emancipation of labour , ” and as the “ political rule of the producer cannot coexist with the perpetuation of his social slavery ” the Commune was to “ serve as a lever for uprooting the economic foundations upon which rests the existence of classes . ”
Engels argued that the “ proletariat seizes the public power , and by means of this transforms the . . . means of production . . . into public property . ”
In the Communist Manifesto they argued that “ the first step in the revolution by the working class ” is the “ rais[ing ] the proletariat to the position of ruling class , to win the battle of democracy . ”
The proletariat “ will use its political supremacy to wrest , by degrees , all capital from the bourgeois , to centralise all instruments of production in the hands of the State , i.e. of the proletariat organised as the ruling class . ”
( Marx and Engels Reader , p. 635 , p. 717 and p. 490 )
So , clearly , the working class becomes the ruling class while the bourgeoisie still owns its property and the key is political power …
This is confirmed by Marx ’s analysis of Louis - Bonaparte ’s coup which saw him expressly state that the bourgeoisie can cease to be the ruling class when the political regime changes .
The abolition of the republic in 1851 , the replacement of the government , was , for him , the end of the political rule of the bourgeoisie as he argued that “ the industrial bourgeoisie applauds with servile bravos the coup d’état of December 2 , the annihilation of parliament , the downfall of its own rule , the dictatorship of Bonaparte . ”
He repeated this identification : “ Passing of the parliamentary regime and of bourgeois rule .
Victory of Bonaparte . ” ( Selected Writings , pp. 164-5 and p. 166 )
Political rule was equated to which party held power and so , logically , universal suffrage was “ the equivalent of political power for the working class . . . where the proletariat forms the large majority of the population . ”
Its “ inevitable result would be “ the political supremacy of the working class . ” ( Marx Engels Collected Works , vol. 11 , pp. 335-6 ) Hence Marx ’s comment in The Class Struggles in France 1848 to 1850 ( Progress Publishers , 1979 ) :
“ The classes whose social slavery the constitution is to perpetuate – proletariat , peasantry , petty bourgeoisie – it puts in possession of political power through universal suffrage .
And from the class whose old social power it sanctions , the bourgeoisie , it withdraws the political guarantees of this power .
It forces the political rule of the bourgeoisie into democratic conditions , which at every moment help the hostile classes to victory and jeopardize the very foundations of bourgeois society .
From the first group it demands that they should not go forward from political to social emancipation ; from the others that they should not go back from social to political restoration . ” ( p. 67 )
Some Marxists may object to the obvious conclusion drawn here ( although comrades in the SPGB and its sister parties would not ) .
Cliff , for example , states that “ basic Marxist conclusions ” are as follows : “ the workers cannot lay hold of the bourgeois state machine but must smash it and establish a new state based on proletarian democracy ( soviets , etc. ) ” ( p. 27 ) Yet both Marx and Engels explicitly denied the conclusion that a “ new state ” had to be created .
Both repeatedly suggested that the working class could seize hold of the bourgeois state and ( to use Engels ’ word ) “ refashion ” it .
They did so both before and after the Paris Commune , which showed them ( according to Cliff ) that “ the working class must smash the capitalist state machine and build a new state . ” ( p. 7 ) The key is to understand that Marx drew a difference between the state and the “ state machine . ”
While Lenin confused the two , Marx and Engels did not .
Thus we find Engels explaining what Marx meant in The Civil War in France by “ The working class can not take the old state machine to use it to build socialism ” :
“ It is simply a question of showing that the victorious proletariat must first refashion the old bureaucratic , administrative centralised state power before it can use it for its own purposes : whereas all bourgeois republicans since 1848 inveighed against this machinery so long as they were in the opposition , but once they were in the government they took it over without altering it and used it partly against the reaction but still more against the proletariat . ”
( Collected Works , vol. 47 , p. 74 )
Marx ’s explanation of Bonaparte ’s coup also drew on this distinction .
Hence the apparent paradox of Marx both saying the state machine needed to be smashed and that universal suffrage could be used to create socialism is no paradox at all , simply a confusion started with Lenin between two different things .
So Lenin did not only misrepresent anarchist ideas in “ State and Revolution ” but also Marx and Engels .
Interestingly , the 1848 revolution in France confirmed Proudhon , not Marx .
All throughout the revolution Proudhon opposed the creation of a Presidency in the Republic as a source of tyranny and a violation of democratic principles .
He also repeatedly attacked Louis Bonaparte as seeking dictatorship .
Well , guess what ?
Bonaparte used his position as executive to organise a coup and seize power .
Marx did not see that happening , with the Communist Manifesto proclaiming the executive of the state was just a committee for managing the joint affairs of the bourgeoisie .
Bonaparte ’s coup exploded that claim ( Marx tried to squeeze this event into his theory , with limited success ) .
I should also note that in volume 1 of System Proudhon argued that the state could not be captured and reformed but instead the working class should organise its social and economic power :
“ Thus power , the instrument of collective might , created in society to serve as a mediator between labour and privilege , finds itself inevitably enchained to capital and directed against the proletariat .
No political reform can solve this contradiction , since , by the confession of the politicians themselves , such a reform would end only in increasing the energy and extending the sphere of power , and since power would know no way of touching the prerogatives of monopoly without overturning the hierarchy and dissolving society .
The problem before the labouring classes , then , consists , not in capturing , but in subduing both power and monopoly , – that is , in generating from the bowels of the people , from the depths of labour , a greater authority , a more potent fact , which shall envelop capital and the State and subjugate them .
Every proposition of reform which does not satisfy this condition is simply one scourge more , a rod doing sentry duty , virgem vigilantem , as a prophet said , which threatens the proletariat . ”
In 1849 , Proudhon quotes these lines after chronicling the reaction against social reform by the bourgeois politicians in Chapter X of “ Confessions of a Revolutionary . ”
He adds these words “ are the prophecy of the events that we have seen take place in 1848 and 1849 .
It is by stubbornly wanting revolution through power and social reform through political reform that the February revolution was postponed , and the cause of the proletariat and nationalities was lost by all of Europe . ”
Marx , a year later in 1850 , was still suggesting that universal suffrage gave workers political power which could be used to capture the state ( which would then have to be radically refashioned , of course ) .
Hell , he ( and Engels ) still suggested that universal suffrage could be used to create socialism after the Paris Commune for countries like Britain , USA and Holland !
Need I point out that most Marxists today would dismiss the notion that universal suffrage would be utilised in this way as reformist nonsense ?
That they would suggest that the state cannot be captured and reformed ?
In other words , that they take a “ Proudhonist ” position as suggested in the much mocked System of Economic Contradictions rather than a “ Marxist ” one ?
Or that if they argue for the need for workers ’ councils ( soviets , etc. ) they follow Bakunin , not Marx , who ( in turn ) followed the path that Proudhon suggested ?
Significantly , in the early days of the 1848 revolution Proudhon argued that “ a body representative of the proletariat . . . , a state within the state , in opposition to the bourgeois representatives . ”
He urged that “ a new society be founded in the heart of the old society ” by the working class for “ the government can do nothing for you .
But you can do everything for yourselves . ”
( “ Aux Pariotes ” , La Représantant du Peuple , No. 33 ) In Confessions , he pointed to the direct democratic clubs as another example of this popular self - management , that the clubs “ had to be organised .
The organisation of popular societies was the fulcrum of democracy , the corner - stone of the republican order . ”
These were “ the one institution that democratic authorities should have respected , and not just respected but also fostered and organised . ”
( No Gods , No Masters , p. 63 )
So here we have a call for a dual - power within a state in early 1848 and support for the clubs which Marx subsequently echoed in 1850 in an address to the Communist League .
( Marx - Engels Reader , pp. 507-8 ) Hal Draper showed his usual historical illiteracy by proclaiming that this “ passage [ by Marx ] in the March Address is the first great sketch of an approach to revolutionary power around what later came to be called workers ’ councils . ”
( Karl Marx ’s Theory of Revolution : The ‘ Dictatorship of the Proletariat ’ ( Monthly Review Press , 1986 ) , volume III , p. 346 ) Yes , the “ first great sketch ” if we ignore ( yet again ! ) the awkward fact that Proudhon said it first !
But we cannot really expect any better from a numpty like Draper …
Marx makes no mention of how these bodies should be organised , but talk of “ municipal councils ” suggests that workplace - based councils were alien to him .
Significantly , “ [ a ] s early as the 1860 ’s and 1870 ’s , the followers of Proudhon and Bakunin in the First International were proposing the formation of workers ’ councils designed both as a weapon of class struggle against capitalists and as the structural basis of the future libertarian society . ”
( Paul Avrich , The Russian Anarchists ( AK Press , 2005 ) , p. 73 ) This would be an obvious development of Proudhon ’s statement in System that “ the problem of association consists in organising . . . the producers , and by this organisation subjecting capital and subordinating power .
Such is the war that you have to sustain : a war of labour against capital ; a war of liberty against authority ; a war of the producer against the non-producer ; a war of equality against privilege ” .
So Proudhon ’s idea of organising outside of politics and the state , of building “ a greater authority ” to the state by the working classes , was applied by the collectivist anarchists in the IWMA ( what Bakunin later called the “ social power ” or “ non-political or anti-political power ” of the working classes ) as well as the syndicalists .
Echoing Proudhon ( and Bakunin ) , leading syndicalist Fernand Pelloutier argued that the aim was “ to constitute within the bourgeois State a veritable socialist ( economic and anarchic ) State . ” ( quoted by Jeremy Jennings , Syndicalism in France : a study of ideas ( Macmillan , 1990 ) , p. 22 ) .
The IWW ’s “ we are building a new world in the shell of the old ” has obvious similarities to Proudhon ’s 1848 call .
That Proudhon was at the forefront in expressing the most advanced opinions of the working classes can also be found in Marx ’s The Class Struggles in France 1848 to 1850 :
“ The more advanced sections of the two classes [ petty bourgeoisie and proletariat ] , however , put forward their own candidates .
Napoleon was the collective name of all parties in coalition against the bourgeois republic ; Ledru-Rollin and Raspail were the proper names , the former of the democratic petty bourgeoisie , the latter of the revolutionary proletariat .
The votes for Raspail – the proletarians and their socialist spokesmen declared it loudly – were to be merely a demonstration , so many protests against any presidency , that is , against the constitution itself . . . the first act by which the proletariat , as an independent political party , declared its separation from the democratic party . ” ( p. 70 )
What Marx does not mention is that this was Proudhon ’s position :
“ Raspail , the socialist democrat . . .
In lending our backing to this candidature , we do not , as the honorable Monsieur Ledru - Rollin had written somewhere , intend to endow the Republic with a possible chief : far from it .
We accept Raspail as a living protest against the very idea of Presidency !
We offer him to the people ’s suffrage , not because he is or believes himself possible , but because he is impossible : because with him , presidency , the mirror - image of royalty , would be impossible . . .
We back Raspail ’s candidacy , so as to focus the eyes of the country all the more strongly upon this idea , that henceforth , under the banner of the Republic , there are but two parties in France , the party of labour and the party of capital . ”
( No Gods , No Masters , p. 80 )
It was not only politically that the “ petit- bourgeois ” Proudhon anticipated “ proletarian ” Marxism .
We find Engels in the 1895 introduction to Marx ’s The Class Struggles in France 1848 to 1850 stating :
“ In the second chapter , in connection with the ‘ right to work ’ , which is described as ‘ the first clumsy formula wherein the revolutionary demands of the proletariat are summarised ’ , it is said : ‘ but behind the right to work stands the power over capital ; behind the power over capital , the appropriation of the means of production , their subjection to the associated working class and , therefore , the abolition of wage labour , of capital and of their mutual relations ’ .
Thus , here , for the first time , the proposition is formulated by which modern workers ’ socialism is sharply differentiated both from all the different shades of feudal , bourgeois , petty - bourgeois , etc. , socialism and from the confused community of goods of utopian and of primitive workers ’ communism . ” ( pp. 10 -1 )
Really ?
Had not Proudhon proclaimed in 1848 the following :
“ We do not want to see the State confiscate the mines , canals and railways : that would be to add to monarchy , and more wage - labour .
We want the mines , canals , railways handed over to democratically organised workers ’ associations operating under State supervision , in conditions laid down by the State , and under their own responsibility .
We want these associations to be models for agriculture , industry and trade , the pioneering core of that vast federation of companies and societies woven into the common cloth of the democratic social Republic . ”
( No Gods , No Masters , p. 78 )
Suffice to say , Proudhon ’s position was one of raising popular demands and of reformist transition and so his call upon the state ( a position , I should note , Engels also advocated ) .
However , the important point is here we have Proudhon proclaiming two years before Marx a basic position of “ modern workers ’ socialism ” , namely the end of wage - labour by means of a federation of workers ’ associations ( “ the associated working class ” ) .
This , as can be seen , was hardly a rare occurrence !
So , what can be said ?
That many “ Marxist ” insights were first expounded by Proudhon long before Marx proclaimed them .
That Marx only took up many so - called “ Marxist ” positions once Proudhon ’s followers applied them in the Paris Commune .
That in the 1848 revolution Proudhon ’s predictions on both the danger of an Executive and that the state cannot be captured by political action and reformed were proven correct .
Marx and Engels , on the other hand , saw their analysis of the state ( and its executive ) disproved while their notion that universal suffrage gave workers political power and could be used to capture ( and then transform ) the state is one even their followers reject ( probably , ironically , as non-Marxist ! ) .
In terms of the “ Marxist ” analysis of property , it is basically regurgitating Proudhon’s .
That it was first Proudhon who called for the end of wage - labour by means of federated workers ’ associations .
That it was Proudhon , not Marx , who first argued that working class people should organise autonomously to influence social change .
So , as should be clear from this discussion and the extracts from System of Economic Contradictions included in Property is Theft , Proudhon ’s much mocked work is important .
In terms of understanding the evolution of anarchist thought , it contains many ideas which subsequent anarchists have developed .
It also contains an analysis of capitalism which is rooted in class analysis with an understanding of the unique social relationships which mark it – and an awareness that these relations can and will change .
Mostly a work of analysis and critique ( of both capitalism and state socialism ) , what few sketches it presents of a free future based on associated labour .
By no means a perfect work nor one of Proudhon ’s best , it is worth consulting critically to draw out the useful material .
Needless to say , Marx made no such analysis and preferred distortion and diatribe .
Moreover , Proudhon ’s comment seems valid : “ what Marx ’s book really means is that he is sorry that everywhere I have thought the way he does , and said so before he did .
Any determined reader can see that it is Marx who , having read me , regrets thinking like me .
What a man ! ”
This is not to suggest that we dump Marx in favour of Proudhon ( or vice versa ! ) but simply that attempts by Marxists from Marx onwards to ridicule and dismiss Proudhon need to be rejected .
Credit should be given where credit is due .
However , to do that would be to acknowledge that , firstly , Marx distorted much of Proudhon ’s ideas to gain cheap polemical points ( a tendency his followers have continued when they discuss anarchism ) and , secondly , that many so - called “ Marxist ” principles were first expounded by anarchists ( Proudhon and Bakunin ) .
For some reason , I doubt many Marxists will do so .
I hope to be proven wrong .
I do hope , however , that anarchists will take the time to look at Proudhon with fresh eyes and recognise there was a reason revolutionary anarchists like Bakunin , Kropotkin , Rocker and Guérin were so impressed by ( many , not all , of ) his ideas .
There are already plenty of fish in the sea when it comes to VoIP picture - frame phones , and only a few have succeeded in arousing us , but this well - guarded fella here at MSI 's CeBIT booth seems to have some potential with its unusually large touchscreen .
According to the label , the MS - 9A31 landline - VoIP hybrid phone will support DECT , video conference call and instant messaging , all courtesy of Android .
A quick glance around the phone also reveals two LAN ports , a USB port and a card reader -- the latter two presumably for stuffing multimedia files .
No word on price or availability , but if MSI 's prominence can win over Skype 's heart then we might have a winner here ( and ASUS better watch out ) .
We gathered some shots , but there 's also a video walkthrough after the break .
A 17 - year - old Black Power gangster with an attitude towards women described in court as '' terrifying ' ' , has been jailed for five years for the rape of a 10 - year - old girl .
Te Mana Rakatau was aged 15 when the offence occurred while he was on holiday in the Waikato in 2008 .
His father is a former Black Power gang president who has now left the gang and has been trying to steer his son away from the gang as well .
Defence counsel Tony Greig told Christchurch District
Court the boy had now become a fully patched member of the gang as a means of protecting him in prison , where he could be targeted because of his family connections .
Rakatau was young enough for the Youth Court jurisdiction but the case went to a jury trial where he was convicted in October and he was sentenced in the adult court today .
He had denied raping the girl in a toilet block at a marae , and still denied it when pre-sentence reports were prepared by probation and a health assessor .
He said the girl was put up to the accusation by her mother as part of a grievance or conspiracy against Rakatau 's family , but Judge David Saunders said at sentencing today he rejected that idea .
'' The injuries she received could not have been something that was part of any conspiracy , '' he said .
Crown prosecutor Claire Boshier said Rakatau was much stronger and bigger than the girl and there had been some premeditation in choosing the location .
'' His attitude towards women displayed in the report is frankly quite terrifying , '' she said .
'' And his attitude towards the victim leaves a lot to be desired . ''
His views about women and sex meant the judge should take into account the risk that Rakatau posed to the community , she said .
There was no remorse , no acknowledgement of the offending , and only contempt for the victim .
Mr Greig asked that Rakatau not be sent to jail to do a sex offenders ' programme because it was unlikely to succeed and would lead to a longer sentence .
'' His rehabilitation will start with his family . ''
Judge Saunders said on the day of the rape Rakatau had been at a function at a Waikato marae .
The girl 's father noticed the awkward way the girl was walking when she left the block but she did not make a complaint until she returned to Christchurch and was seen by a doctor and a specialist interviewer .
The judge said the health assessor 's report gave some insight into Rakatau 's development and how his attitudes had been shaped by his upbringing .
He was seen as having a severe conduct disorder which could become an anti-social personality disorder in adulthood .
His anti-social behaviour emerged when he was abusing alcohol and cannabis .
'' The psychologist says you are a young man who is destined to be a violent and anti-social person unless you take stock of the situation and try to engage in some programmes and therapy .
'' You have to learn that you can't get your way through violent and anti-social behaviour . ''
Judge Saunders said there were some disturbing aspects about the way Rakatau thought about women and sexual intercourse .
'' These are matters you need to think about and reflect on as you serve this sentence . ''
Controversial Brand Name German Firm Wins Right to Make Beer Called ' Fucking Hell '
The EU 's trademarks authority has permitted a German firm to brew beer and produce clothing under the name " Fucking Hell " .
It may be an expletive in English , but in German it could refer to a light ale -- Hell -- from the Austrian town of Fucking .
Whether it will be brewed there is another question .
No of Bedrooms : 3
Goat Hill sits on a remarkable site , located specifically to benefit from the spectacular view of the Caribbean Sea and the most favorable trade winds day and night .
The east view captures the sunrise , Montego Bay and the Great River ~ the west view is an equally lovely vista toward Round Hill , the Caribbean Sea and the sunset .
It is thought the cat may have been scavenging for food when it became stuck in the empty pet food can
A cat that wandered into a Fife rescue centre with a can stuck on its head has left staff wondering how it reached them without being knocked down .
The female cat walked into the Scottish SPCA 's Wildlife Rescue Centre in Middlebank on Sunday with her head wedged in an empty pet food tin .
After the can was carefully removed she was checked over .
She has now been taken to the Edinburgh and Lothians Animal Rescue and Rehoming Centre in Balerno , Edinburgh .
Cat 's eyes Colin Seddon , Scottish SPCA Wildlife Rescue Centre manager , said : " Luckily no damage was done and the little cat was very pleased to be freed from the discomfort that comes with having your head stuck inside a tin can .
" We think it 's likely that she was scavenging and came across this discarded tin of cat food .
" She may have got the can stuck on her head and then became disorientated , it 's lucky she was n't hit by a car . "
Mr Seddon added : " This only illustrates the fact that litter can pose a threat to both wild and domestic animals and we always encourage people to make sure they bag and bin their rubbish , it could save an animal 's life . "
The cat was wearing a distinctive collar printed with green cat 's eyes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Text Size A A
A multidisciplinary research team has reported the first example of a stable , crystallographically characterized 15 - coordinate metal complex , an achievement that extends the boundaries of chemical bonding .
The thorium aminodiboranate created by Gregory S. Girolami of the University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign , and colleagues bests the prior record of 14 two - electron metal - ligand bonds in complexes such as U ( BH 4 ) 4 .
But for one errant hydrogen atom , the molecule 's metal could have had 16 bonds , the theoretical maximum based on the number of atomic orbitals thorium has available for bonding ; some metallocenes can have more metal - ligand contacts but at most 12 two - electron metal - ligand bonds .
The trick to reaching high coordination numbers is combining a large metal cation with small chelating ligands .
Girolami and graduate student Scott R. Daly accomplished that by pairing thorium , an f - block element with a large covalent radius , and hydrogen , the smallest of ligands .
They made the 15 - coordinate Th[ ( H 3 B ) 2 N( CH 3 ) 2 ] 4 by treating ThCl 4 with Na [ ( H 3 B ) 2 N( CH 3 ) 2 ] in tetrahydrofuran , isolating it as colorless crystals ( Angew . Chem .
Int. Ed. , DOI : 10.1002/anie.200905797 ) .
On the basis of X -ray and neutron diffraction and other characterization techniques , the team determined that two hydrogen atoms from each boron in three of the ligands coordinate to thorium via H–B–H chelating bridges .
In the fourth ligand , one hydrogen atom fails to link with thorium .
The researchers believe steric crowding distorts the molecule 's framework so that the hydrogen is just out of reach .
Quantum chemical calculations on the thorium complex performed by Laura Gagliardi's group at the University of Minnesota , Minneapolis , indicate that in the gas phase all 16 hydrogen atoms should be coordinated .
Those results hint that solid - state 16 - coordinate complexes are possible if the right metal - ligand combination can be determined .
The new thorium complex " is truly fascinating and the results are very convincingly presented , " says Roland A. Fischer of Ruhr University , in Bochum , Germany , an expert in high - coordination chemistry .
" The key to this record is choosing the smallest chelating ligand and taking advantage of the flexible binding of the BH 3 units .
It remains a challenge to achieve a coordination number greater than 12 for ligands without such bridging groups . "
BUSINESSES do n’t let 13 - year - olds pay for purchases with a promise .
At least they did n’t before last week .
A new payment option for adults and teenagers without a credit card or a debit card has just become available .
It ’s initially offered by FooPets and Puzzle Pirates , online game companies that are business partners of Kwedit.com , a start - up based in Mountain View , Calif .
Minors as well as adults can buy items in the games with a “ Kwedit Promise , ” which can be paid off later in a number of ways  with a credit or debit card , for example , or with cash sent in a mailer that Kwedit supplies .
But here ’s an entirely new payment option :
A user 13 or older can print out a barcode and head to a 7 - Eleven store , which will accept cash , scan the code and notify Kwedit that payment has been made .
In the next three months , a Kwedit logo will join those for credit cards and other payment methods on the doors of all 7 - Elevens , a company spokesman says .
The fate of the Atlantic bluefin tuna – beloved by sushi gourmets and on the brink of extinction – could be decided within days .
The 175 - nation Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) opened yesterday in Qatar to debate proposals banning the international trade in the fish .
Delegates will also discuss moves to restrict the sale of sharks ' fins .
Cites has been successful in restricting trade in big cats ; great apes and elephants but this is the first time a marine species has taken centre stage .
Willem Wijnstekers , the secretary general of Cites , said there was much more support than two years ago for restricting or banning trade in many marine species , including the bluefin .
" I do n't think anyone has an argument against the listing of Atlantic bluefin tuna .
There is no scientific argument against that . "
He added that countries were turning to his organisation because tools to manage stocks were not working and that many of the oceans ' commercially fished species were under threat .
The UN Food and Agriculture Organisation says more than half of all marine fish stocks are under threat .
Plans to ban fishing and the international trade of bluefin and sharks has prompted a bitter international tussle , with Europeans and Americans pitted against the fishing nations in North Africa and Asia , especially Japan , which has already vowed to ignore any bluefin ban .
The Japanese consume 80 per cent of bluefin eaten worldwide , and the ban proposal has provoked public protests in Tokyo and other Japanese cities .
Opponents claim Japanese culture is under siege and that concerns about bluefin extinction are overblown .
Sushi is a popular dish in Japan , where fatty bluefin – called o- toro – sells for as much as 2,000 yen ( £ 13 ) apiece in high - end Tokyo restaurants .
Canada , which has a sizeable tuna fleet , is known to oppose export bans .
Monaco , the sponsor of the proposed ban , said bluefin numbers have declined by nearly 75 per cent since 1957 .
Despite quotas , high - tech fisheries have drained tuna stocks in the Mediterranean and western Atlantic .
Such is the demand that one fish sold recently for £ 111,000 at market , according to the Marine Conservation Society .
Opponents of the trade are more hopeful after the US recently backed a ban .
Supporters of the proposal are now watching closely to see whether other fishing countries will join Japan 's rebuff – which would allow them to sell tuna to the Japanese .
Achim Steiner , the executive director of the UN's Environment Program , which administers Cites , said limiting the trade on a range of threatened species could go a long way to ensuring biodiversity .
" By ensuring that the international trade in wildlife is properly regulated , Cites can assist in conserving the planet 's wild fauna and flora from overexploitation and contribute to the sustainable development . "
Sam Wilding , the fisheries officer for the British Marine Conservation Society , said : " These opportunities do not come around that often , and it is time for the majority to stand up to the minority that gain so much economic benefit from driving species towards the brink of extinction .
We urge consumers to help by avoiding all fish on our red list and to ask where your tuna comes from , to ensure it 's sustainable . "
Ron Mueck is an Australian hyper - realist sculptor working in the UK .
His incredible sculptures of creepy , grotesque , mottled skin and uncannily gigantic proportional figures have adorned the Millennium Dome as well as Charles Saatchi ’s living room for a number of years now .
It would be fair to say , Mueck ’s one of the leading contemporary artists of today .
His early career was as a model maker and puppeteer for children ’s television and films , notably the film “ Labyrinth ” staring Bowie .
Mueck moved on to establish his own company in London , making photo - realistic props and animatronics for the advertising industry .
This eventually led him to conclude , “ photography pretty much destroys the physical presence of the original object ” , and so he turned to fine art , in particular , sculpture .
In the early 1990s , still in his advertising days , Mueck was commissioned to make something highly realistic , and was wondering what material would do the trick .
Latex was the usual , but he wanted something harder , more precise .
Luckily , he saw a little architectural decor on the wall of a boutique and inquired as to the nice , pink stuff ’s nature .
Fiberglass resin was the answer , and Mueck has made it his bronze and marble ever since .
It ’s the attention to detail , technical brilliance and the ( odd ) scale of his figures that takes your breath away .
His work , while proportionally correct , is either over or under - sized .
For example , an enormous 4.5 m crouching Boy , a 3 ft tall naked man , a 20 ft long newborn , a replica of his own head ( seen above ) 6 times its actual size .
Consequently his hyper - realistic sculptures , while extraordinarily lifelike , challenge us by their odd scale .
The “ psychological confrontation for the viewer is to recognize and assimilate two contradictory realities ” .
However , the real magical appeal of Mueck ’s sculptures lie in the meticulous process , which begins with …1 .
Crafting of a series of small clay models - this enables him decide on figure positioning .
2 . Mueck then creates a series of drawings in different sizes - this enables him to make decisions about scale .
3 .
Next , Mueck sculpts the figure in clay - this includes fine details of expression and skin texture .
4 .
A mould of the sculpture is made using silicone ( or in the case of larger works , fibreglass ) .
5 . Mueck completes the process by meticulously painting ( by hand ) finer details ( like veins and skin tones ) on the surface , before finally sculpting the eyes , bringing his creations to life .
The Philosophy Forums at OnlinePhilosophyClub.com aim to be an oasis of intelligent in - depth civil debate and discussion .
Topics discussed extend far beyond philosophy and philosophers .
What makes us a philosophy forum is more about our approach to the discussions and debates than what subject is being debated .
Common topics include but are absolutely not limited to neuroscience , psychology , sociology , cosmology , religion , political theory , ethics , and so much more .
Voltairine de Cleyre
Do n't let her be forgotten .
Like and share please !
Tweet
Do n't let her be forgotten .
Like and share please !
The American political philosopher Voltairine de Cleyre lived from November 17 , 1866 through June 20 , 1912 .
She advocated anarchism in a non-sectarian way , often called " anarchism without adjectives . "
Also , as a radical feminist , she advocated women 's rights , including sexual , reproductive , and economic freedom .
She wrote many essays in opposition to authority , including criticisms of the State , Church and patriarchy .
Famous anarchist Emma Goldman referred to Voltairine de Cleyre as " the most gifted and brilliant anarchist woman America ever produced . "
You can read the following essays by Voltairine de Cleyre for free on this website :
The following two books contain many of Voltairine de Cleyre 's essays :
Also , the following book contains 18 of Voltairine 's poems :
Written In Red : Selected Poems ( Poets of Revolt Series )
Featured Voltairine de Cleyre Quotes
" There is one common struggle against those who have appropriated the earth , the money , and the machines . " ( from ' Direct Action ' )
" The love of material ease has been , in the mass of men and permanently speaking , always greater than the love of liberty .
Nine hundred and ninety nine women out of a thousand are more interested in the cut of a dress than in the independence of their sex ; nine hundred and ninety nine men out of a thousand are more interested in drinking a glass of beer than in questioning the tax that is laid on it ; how many children are not willing to trade the liberty to play for the promise of a new cap or a new dress ?
That it is which begets the complicated mechanism of society ; that it is which , by multiplying the concerns of government , multiplies the strength of government and the corresponding weakness of the people ; this it is which begets indifference to public concern , thus making the corruption of government easy . " ( from ' Anarchism and American Traditions ' )
" ... any man who must wait the complicated working of a mass of unseen powers before he may engage in the productive labor necessary to get his food is the last thing but a free man . "
( From ' Why I Am an Anarchist ' )
" The paramount question of the day is not political , is not religious , but is economic .
The crying - out demand of today is for a circle of principles that shall forever make it impossible for one man to control another by controlling the means of his existence . " ( from ' The Economic Tendency of Freethought ' )
More Anarchism ...
If Voltairine de Cleyre 's writing and political philosophy interest you , then you may also find the following articles and discussions interesting :
: in fileon line : in fileon line : in fileon line
Pielrroc Montenegro .
By ABN ( Venezuelan news agency ) , translated by Tamara Pearson
Caracas , March 8 , 2010 ( ABN/ Venezuelanalysis.com ) – “ I ’m a woman with a new life since the Bolivarian Revolution knocked on my door ” , said Pielrroc Montenegro , Maracaiban [ i ] by birth and Andean by tradition , with eyes full of nostalgia and gratitude .
She described herself as a “ dignified mother of the neighbourhood ” since the mission of that name [ ii ] enabled her to realise one of her dreams : enrol in university .
Years ago , Pielrroc did n’t think much of it when , barely aware of its existence , she signed up with Mission Ribas [ high school - level education program ] .
When she was young she had been forced to leave high school just one year before finishing it .
“ My mum got sick and because of economic difficulties I had to work ” , she recalled , and said that once she graduated from high school through the government program she seriously considered her options of continuing her studies through Mission Sucre [ government university education program ] .
Then I struggled for my second dream : to study special education , an area I ’ve always wanted to work in . ”
She had to delay those studies when she finished the second semester of the course and started to notice that her studies took up a lot of her time and reduced the number of hours that she could dedicate to her work as a domestic servant , her only source of income .
Her daughter , then aged 12 , needed her more as a working mother than as a studying mother , which ended her studies .
“ I felt committed to my daughter and obligated to meet her needs , ” Pilerroc said .
Around that time , [ mission ]
Mothers of the Neighbourhood arrived in the heavy populated suburb of Aragua , La Esperanza , where Pielrroc was living , and made her an unrefusable offer : “ They told me not to quit my studies , that I had the profile to be a beneficiary of the mission . ”
That ’s how she did it , without doubt with the faith she had in the Bolivarian government and its public policies .
“ I paid attention to them , I believed them , and they came through and within days they called me to inform me that I ’d start to receive 80 % of the minimum wage , monthly , I was really happy . ”
She benefited from the economic incentive for eight months , a period that allowed her to continue her studies and prepare herself for dignified employment in the Ministry of Woman and Gender Equality .
She graduated from the Mission Sucre last June and still acts as a social promoter for the ministry , where she provides integral assistance to women who are receiving a range of different types of attention .
Among other things , she gives talks on self - esteem and personal improvement as well as social - political workshops , but she insists that her main task is to open the eyes of the women who , in one way or another , supported the exclusion to which they were victims .
Dreams realised
“ Human beings are filled with dreams ” , said Pielrroc , who not only yearned to complete her high school studies and have a profession , but also to have dignified housing for herself and her child .
Thanks to a government program , she left the poor neighbourhood where she was living to move to a safer area , where today she has her own home .
“ I stopped living in extreme poverty and constant risk and I ’m still not used to seeing a proper roof instead of zinc ” , she said .
Another one of her big aspirations was that her child realised her hope of becoming a doctor , an idea that was underestimated by many people around her .
“ One woman would always tell me that that a career was for well - off people and that our condition would n’t allow it , but I always told her I had faith , that I would work hard so that my child could achieve her aim ” , she said .
Today , the young daughter , aged 17 , studies integral community medicine in the Bolivarian campus El Macaro , in the state of Aragua , and in her free time she plays the guitar with her mother , something they managed to get with effort and sacrifice , in order to realise another one of her dreams .
“ Since she was a child she wanted to be a pianist , but that was something else for the rich , as my mum would tell me .
Today at least I have the guitar , which liberated me and with which I turn my poems to music . ”
Second independence
On [ March 8 , International Women 's Day ] , women from all over the world celebrate , recalling the recognition achieved through history .
In Venezuela many of them do it , taking over public spaces , as part of a struggle that they maintain at the vanguard of all the processes .
Pielrroc is an example of this reality , as she rose up economically , professionally and emotionally , and is a social and feminist activist .
“ We [ women ] are the majority in the missions , in the communal councils , in the committees ” , she said , and attributed this to the implementation of policies that prioritise human beings and encourage the people , without disadvantaging women , to empower themselves ... and exercise participative and protagonistic democracy .
For the bicentenary year [ iii ] , Pielrroc talks of a new process of liberation , similarly led by women .
“ It ’s a good time for a second independence , a more colourful one , one that provides the space for women ’s participation in equal conditions to men .
We have to leave our mark and show that now we ’re not invisible but invincible ” , she said .
She appealed to all those who underestimate the humanist principles of the Bolivarian Revolution , and with guitar in hand , Pielrroc played the music that accompanies one of her poems turned songs :
“ The people are waking up , walking to the revolution , all that remains is to keep on struggling . ”
Notes
[ i ]
From the western state of Maracaibo in Venezuela .
[ ii ] Mission Mothers of the Neighbourhood ( barrio ) is a mission which aims to support those women living in conditions of extreme poverty , involving them in productive projects , recognising their domestic labour as work and providing financial support as well as health care and education through related missions .
[ iii ] 200 years since Venezuelan independence .
Venezuela celebrates Women ’s Day , discusses abortion rights
By Tamara Pearson
Merida , March 9 , 2010 – Venezuelanalysis.com – Yesterday Venezuela celebrated International Women ’s Day with a ceremony involving 200,000 women and some of Venezuela ’s highest political female leaders .
The women also formed a Bicentenary Front of Women .
Meanwhile , a National Assembly committee is discussing women ’s right to abortion .
In Caracas , President Hugo Chavez , attorney general Luisa Ortega , president of the National Electoral Council Tibisay Lucena , minister for women Maria Leon , Human Rights Ombudsperson Gabriela Ramirez , and Supreme Court president Luisa Ortega participated in a large ceremony and rally to mark IWD .
“ In 11 years of revolution women have been able to advance much more than in 100 years of normal life ” , said Leon .
But she said that to continue advancing , more equality in the home , among other things , was needed , and “ that men learn to wash and cook ... and women also carry out traditional male duties like mechanics [ and ] political responsibility . ”
Also on the agenda for change is abortion , something currently illegal , very difficult obtain and generally frowned upon in Venezuela .
The president of the National Assembly ’s commission for family , women and youth , Marelys Perez , said in a press release that as part of the project for a new penal code , the commission was discussing both guaranteeing the right to abortion , and that prostitution not to be the basis of discrimination .
“ Abortion is a very sensitive topic , but we should tackle the issue with integrity and profound respect .
We ’re working very hard so that our proposal is included in the new penal code ” , she said .
“ During the Fourth Republic [ a period of governance before Chavez ] women ’s day was marginalised , it was relegated to celebrations at the service of the bourgeois state ” , Chavez said .
He then paid homage to some of Venezuela ’s heroines and female icons , such as Josefa Camejo ( independence fighter ) , Luisa Caceres de Arismendi ( imprisoned during the war for independence ) , Teresa Carreño ( pianist , singer and composer ) and Teresa de la Parra ( feminist author ) .
“ Only through revolution can women really be free ” , said Chavez at the ceremony .
Venezuela 's government media estimated that 200,000 women from around the country also attended the ceremony .
The women took an oath to form a Bicentennial Front of Women , which will to fight for the Boliviarian revolution and for women .
Venezuela celebrates 200 years of independence on April 19 this year .
Students and youth from various missions , organisations , movements and revolutionary parties made a similar oath to form a Bicentennial Front of Youth in February .
This front was aimed at the September National Assembly elections as well as a campaign around implementing the new education law .
Chavez encouraged the women to “ keep on fighting , keep on taking on the role of vanguard , to save the world and the country ” .
Around the country , other cities and towns and schools also celebrated IWD with meetings , ceremonies and cultural events .
In the city of Coro there was a march and 233 women were recognised for social work in their communities .
March 29 , 2010
Dr. Steffie Woolhandler is a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School , a prolific writer and co-founder of Physicians for a National Health Program ( PNHP ) .
She talked to SocialistWorker.org about what 's in the new health care law and why it wo n't solve the crisis .
Millions of people hoped the new Obama administration would finally confront the disastrous injustices and inequities of the American health care system .
But after an agonizing year of debate , discussion and deal - making , the law that Barack Obama signed last week will be a terrible disappointment to anyone who correctly sees the medical - insurance - pharmaceutical complex as the source of the problem .
THE MAIN thing you hear from supporters of the health care law is that it's a historic expansion of coverage for tens of millions of people .
But there 's an underside that does n't get as much notice , is n't there ?
THE BIG problem with the bill is that so much money and power is being handed to the private health insurance industry , which is the cause of the problem in the first place .
There are two ways that coverage will expand .
One is a Medicaid expansion .
Now if middle - class Americans want to tax themselves to pay for health care for the poor -- and I think we should -- we could have done this without the rest of the legislation .
The other big expansion is the so - called individual mandate that basically tells people that they have to buy private insurance .
So if you have insurance through your employer right now , you have to keep it -- whether you like it or not .
If you do n't have insurance , you 'll be forced to turn over thousands of dollars to the private health insurance industry .
Under the new " exchanges " set up under the law for the uninsured to go to buy insurance , people will have to spend up to 9.5 percent of their income for policies that cover only 70 percent of health care costs .
So you would still be in a situation of having insurance that was so skimpy that you would have difficulty getting care when you needed it .
President Obama signs the new health care bill into law
As you know , Massachusetts has the prototype of this reform .
If you go on the Internet to look at our insurance exchange , it 's called the Massachusetts Connector .
For someone in their mid-50s , the cheapest policy available that would meet the mandate for someone who is paying the full rate -- which is anyone who makes more than $ 33,000 in income a year -- costs more than $ 5,000 per year in premiums .
Then , if you get sick , there 's a $ 2,000 deductible -- so you have to take another $ 2,000 out of your pocket before the insurance kicks in .
And then , for the next $ 15,000 in health spending , you 're responsible for 20 percent of everything --$ 3,000 .
So it 's extremely expensive if you get sick and have to use it once you buy it .
That means that many people will still lack access to care -- because they wo n't be able to afford to use their insurance policy , even if they own it .
IS THERE anything in the law that would control the cost of these policies sold through the government - run exchanges ?
THERE WERE regulations attached that sound like they would be very helpful , but those regulations are full of loopholes .
There 's a possibility that the government could review insurance rate increases , and there was a limit of 15 percent placed on insurance companies for what they could charge per policy for overhead .
But 15 percent is still a huge overhead .
That means that if you buy a $ 10,000 a year insurance policy , $ 1,500 of that premium never leaves the insurance company -- it stays right there for their overhead and profit .
For a large insurance company , 15 percent is quite attainable as an overhead .
This is really just a restriction on the smaller companies that sell individual policies .
There are some other regulations on the insurance industry .
I do think that regulating insurance is better than no regulation , but because the bill is actually written by the insurance industry , there are huge loopholes in almost all of those restrictions .
For example , there 's the ban on the policy called rescission .
Basically , what it means is that once you have insurance , and you get sick and use your insurance , the insurance company can't go back and cancel you -- that would be called a rescission .
But what the law says is a company can't do a rescission unless there was fraud .
Well , that 's always what the insurance company says when they do a rescission .
It 's already illegal under contract law for them to agree to do something and then not do it .
So rescissions were always based on the insurance companies alleging that the insured committed fraud .
It looks good to say " no rescissions unless there 's fraud , " but the fraud loophole is huge .
They can tell you , " It was fraud because you forgot to tell us that 20 years ago you once had an abnormal pap smear .
Oh , you did n't tell us that 10 years ago , your blood pressure was elevated once , even though it 's been normal ever since . "
They go back and search the records to find things you did n't tell them .
You might have forgotten about it , but they can allege that you committed fraud by not telling them about that one abnormal pap smear and that one abnormal blood pressure .
That 's a huge loophole , and unfortunately , it means that the rule against rescissions is n't airtight .
There is a group that will benefit from this bill , and that 's important to say .
Around 7 percent of Americans buy their insurance in the so - called " individual market , " where they have to go out as an individual family or individual person and buy insurance .
That market is a terrible place to be because people get stuck with very high costs .
This bill will help people in that market by regulating it and making it somewhat easier to get insurance .
Nonetheless , there are loopholes even there -- because , for example , the bill allows insurance companies to charge older people three times as much as it charges young adults .
So there 's regulation , but there are plenty of loopholes for the insurance industry .
IF WHAT you say about this law working out to the insurance industry 's advantage is true , then why was such a big deal made of insurance company opposition ?
Were the companies really opposed to the legislation , or were they working together with Democrats to shape the bill behind the scenes ?
ONE WAY to think about this is to follow the money and see where they spent their lobbying and advertising dollars .
You can think of this debate as having a left , a right and a center -- with President Obama in the center , with Republicans as the right , and the left being the single - payer / Medicare for All forces .
The insurance industry gave tens of millions of dollars to the Obama Democrats , and they also gave tens of millions of dollars to the far - right opposition .
In doing this , they cleverly positioned the debate as being between the center and the right -- that 's where the bulk of the political debate occurred this time around .
If you look at the donations , plenty of insurance industry money did go to the Democrats .
An insurance industry vice president , Elizabeth Fowler , actually came to work for Sen .
Max Baucus , the head of the Senate Finance Committee , and was the author of the Baucus Framework for the legislation .
If you go to the Baucus Framework on the Finance Committee 's Web site , and right - click on the Properties box , you can see that the Baucus Framework was written on Elizabeth Fowler 's computer .
ONE OF the most significant aspects of this legislation that has gotten almost no attention is the cuts to spending and benefits for Medicare .
Can you talk about this issue ?
THE MEDICARE cuts are a bit of a mixed bag .
Some of the cuts will be at the expense of the so - called Medicare Advantage plans -- which are the private HMOs that can step into Medicare , recruit Medicare enrollees and get the federal government to pay the HMO premium .
Those Medicare Advantage plans have been overpaid relative to traditional Medicare , and part of the Medicare cuts will be reducing the overpayment to the Medicare Advantage HMOs -- to level the playing field , if you will .
So that 's okay with me .
But some of the other cuts are very harmful .
For instance , $ 40 billion will be taken out of safety net hospital payments .
The safety net hospitals , where uninsured and underinsured Americans go when they get sick , are going to be shrunk by at least $ 40 billion .
PNHP HAS talked about how this law will have the effect of continuing the downward pressure on employer - provided insurance , which still covers a majority of Americans .
Why is that ?
YOUR EMPLOYER - sponsored coverage , if you have it now , is now mandatory .
Under the new bill , you can't leave it when the mandate goes into effect .
President Obama liked to say , " If you have private health insurance and you like it , you can keep it . "
But he neglected to say , " If you have private health insurance through your employer , and you hate it , you still have to keep it . "
So that 's the first thing .
Then , if costs continue to escalate -- and based on the Massachusetts experience , we have every reason to think they will -- many people with employer - sponsored coverage will be subject to the excise tax that goes into effect by 2018 .
It 's a very steep tax -- a 40 percent tax on the value of your benefits .
And you would have pay no matter what your personal income is -- even if you 're a low - wage janitor , but you happen to have a good health care plan , the tax will be imposed .
This means that people in high - cost states , such as Massachusetts or New York , are likely to be forced to pay the excise tax .
This is widely seen as an attack on unions , particularly public - sector unions , many of which have traded wage increases in order to maintain very high health benefit levels .
Unionized workers in high - cost states are the ones most likely to end up paying that excise tax .
YOUR GROUP has also pointed out that this law will make the insurance industry richer and more powerful still -- and therefore that much harder to challenge .
THE TAXPAYERS will be subsidizing premiums to private insurers for some middle - income uninsured people .
The value of those subsidies will reach $ 447 billion by 2019 .
So that 's $ 447 billion to strengthen the financial and political power of the private health insurance industry , and make it more capable of obstructing future health care reforms .
That 's probably the most negative aspect of this bill from my point of view .
I think the private health insurance industry is the cause of our problems -- it 's the reason that we 're in this conundrum .
I think decades of experience show that the private health insurance industry cannot control costs , nor can it provide the American people with the coverage they need .
I think the need for single - payer nonprofit national health insurance is just as clear as it ever was .
I think there may be a dip in activity around this as people are exhausted and they 're also confused .
But very quickly , it will become clear that what was passed was no solution -- that we still have all the cost problems , we still have all the access problems , we have all the same need and the same reasons for single payer that we 've always had .
If people want more information , I strongly suggest that they go to the Physicians for a National Health Program Web site -- there are many scientific articles and fact sheets , and , of course , there are contacts for other organizations working on single - payer national health insurance .
I think there will be a continued movement for that .
Certainly our group , Physicians for a National Health Program , plans to continue advocating for national health insurance and educating the American people about why it 's so necessary .
Transcription by Rebecca Anshell - Song
Genetic engineering is coming to the forests .
While the practice of splicing foreign DNA into food crops has become common in corn and soy , few companies or researchers have dared to apply genetic engineering to plants that provide an essential strut of the U.S. economy , trees .
But that will soon change .
Two industry giants , International Paper Co. and MeadWestvaco Corp. , are planning to transform plantation forests of the southeastern United States by replacing native pine with genetically engineered eucalyptus , a rapidly growing Australian tree that in its conventional strains now dominates the tropical timber industry .
The companies ' push into genetically modified trees , led by their joint biotech venture , ArborGen LLC , looks to overcome several hurdles for the first time .
Most prominently , they are banking on a controversial gene splice that restricts trees ' ability to reproduce , meant to allay fears of bioengineered eucalyptus turning invasive and overtaking native forests .
If such a fertility control technology -- which has come under fire in farming for fear seed firms will exploit it -- is proven effective , it could open the door to many varieties of wild plants , including weedy grasses , to be genetically engineered for use in energy applications like biomass and next - generation biofuels without fear of invasiveness .
The use of such perennial plants -- so named because , unlike annual farm crops , they live and grow for many years -- has long interested business and government , including the Energy Department , which has collaborated with ArborGen .
The plants , which include many grasses targeted for cellulosic ethanol , can be harvested when needed and , given their hardiness , grow on marginal land .
Yet many questions remain about the effectiveness of the fertility system used by ArborGen , which , according to leading scientists , has never been rigorously studied in multiyear trials to prove that it can effectively control plants ' spread .
More research must be conducted before such systems are relied upon to restrict pollen and seed spread , they say .
Despite these calls , ArborGen has been seeking government deregulation of its eucalyptus , which is primarily engineered to resist freezing temperatures , since 2008 .
If successful , ArborGen would likely revolutionize the timber industry and the Southern landscape by becoming the first company to roll out bioengineered trees on a massive scale , observers say .
In its rosiest scenarios , growers using ArborGen 's presumably expensive seeds would see huge gains in productivity and become the preferred tree stock for a new generation of bioenergy refineries .
The South would become the new Appalachia ; timber would serve as its coal .
Inklings of such progress have already arisen , including recent word that the German utility RWE AG would build the world 's largest wood - pellet plant in Georgia to supplement its coal habits .
By adopting eucalyptus as a tree stock , the United States would simply be catching up with countries like Brazil , which has leveraged vast tree plantations in recent decades to pivot from a net wood importer to an exporter .
While the South saw a rise in pine plantations during this time , pine cannot compete with eucalyptus for sheer growth rate , the company says .
" The United States is behind the game on this , " said Les Pearson , ArborGen 's director of regulatory affairs .
" Lots of countries around the world have been growing eucalyptus for many decades . "
Indeed , primarily because of competition from South America , demand for traditional American tree pulp has gone slack .
This sagging industry could allow up to 10 million acres in the Southeast to be repurposed for fast - growing eucalyptuses , according to corporate estimates .
But it still remains unclear if the nascent bioenergy industry will be enough to make up for demand lost to Brazilian plantations , said Curtis Seltzer , a timber consultant who has studied ArborGen and calls its trees a " game changer . "
" It 's not clear to me that biomass will pick up the slack for the traditional markets [ as they ] ebb , " Seltzer said .
" But it could . "
Even given government incentives and a price on carbon , however , ArborGen must satisfy concerns from regulators and environmental groups that its engineered trees will not , especially when gifted with the ability to resist cold , spread untrammeled through forests .
Pollen problems
At its most basic , life is about reproduction .
And the species ' struggle to adapt and survive can make attempts to control the fertility of plants difficult , according to Steve Strauss , a tree geneticist at Oregon State University who has also consulted with ArborGen .
ArborGen relies on what has been the most popular system for restricting plant pollen , which uses a bacterial gene to produce a toxic enzyme called barnase that slices apart genetic material in a cell , causing death .
Through genetic trickery , the enzyme is only produced in the pollen - spreading parts of the tree , destroying its ability to reproduce -- at least most of the time .
Given the number of trees that will be produced , there will likely be enough genetic instability to allow a very small number of the freeze - tolerant eucalyptuses to reproduce , Strauss said .
Rather than an absolute containment system , barnase should be thought of as a mitigation strategy , he added .
" It does n't mean there are no pollen grains produced , " Strauss said .
" Almost nothing in biology is 100 percent . "
A tiny number of seedlings are almost assured to escape from the eucalyptus plantations , Strauss said .
But since the trees , in his evaluation , are unlikely to prove invasive , there should be little cause for alarm .
" When you talk about trees , storms happen , wind blows , " he said .
" The containment is not absolute .
There is the chance of some spread .
Is it likely to become an invasive weed ?
Seems unlikely to me . "
Until now , only two of ArborGen 's experimental eucalyptus stations have been allowed to flower , and the company has reported little in the way of pollen production in the trees .
It is now seeking to greatly expand the number and location of trees allowed to flower to 28 sites totaling 330 acres scattered across seven states .
The Agriculture Department issued a draft approval of the expansion , subject to public comment , earlier this month .
The modified eucalyptus trees are already planted at most of these sites , and as they approach sexual maturity , ArborGen has been forced to pluck the trees ' flowers or cut them down completely , causing millions of dollars in lost research , said Nancy Hood , ArborGen 's public affairs director .
This test acreage is fairly small , hardly the equivalent of a full - scale commercial planting , as some environmental groups have accused .
( For comparison , there are more than 32 million acres of pine plantation in the South . )
However , ArborGen has confessed that it hopes USDA will deregulate the trees by the time the cohort reaches harvest age -- around seven years or so -- allowing the resulting pulp to be sold .
Many biotech researchers are supportive of the expanded experimental permit , which will allow more complete studies of the fertility containment system .
While ArborGen has released little in the way of peer - reviewed research so far , it will publish barnase results this year , said Maud Hinchee , ArborGen 's chief technology officer .
Such data would be a welcome change .
While barnase 's mechanism is well documented -- and approved for use in domesticated crops like rapeseed -- its effectiveness has barely been studied , according to an analysis written by Strauss in 2007 .
" There does not seem to have been any serious field studies , in any crop , sufficient to estimate the operational effectiveness of containment genes , " Strauss wrote .
" Until many such studies are published , it would be unwise to assume that genes can be fully and safely contained in the near future . "
Decisions to deregulate any wild GM plant like the eucalyptus must take into account this lack of research , said Hong Luo , a molecular biologist at Clemson University who has developed a gene containment system for another wild plant , turfgrass .
His team recently completed a one - year study of the system 's effectiveness , he said , but more research is needed .
" There have n't been really too much studies of what would be impact of transgene escape from perennials , " he said .
" We will be cautious in this respect . "
It remains to be seen how the public will react to the concept of GM forest trees .
But as researchers point out , people have already embraced some engineered trees that have no pollen controls .
Almost all of the papaya trees in Hawaii are genetically engineered to resist the devastating ringspot virus , and similar efforts are under way to save the American chestnut , which has been nearly eradicated by fungal disease .
However , the inability to promise 100 percent containment could delay the development of bioengineered plants that carry even slight risks of invasiveness .
But such foolproof systems will come , Strauss predicted .
" I do believe we can produce absolute containment , " he said .
" We will be able to do that , I believe , in 10 years .
But it 's not proven yet . "
Australian invaders
The unproven nature of ArborGen 's fertility controls is concerning largely because they will be used to introduce a robust , foreign tree , conservation groups say .
The timber industry has long dreamed of importing eucalyptus into the South , mimicking Brazil 's success , where plantations transformed the country -- at some environmental toll -- from a timber importer to an exporter within decades .
Previous domestic efforts to establish the tree in the South , which came to a peak in the early 1980s , failed as winter freezes scythed dead swaths through experimental plantations .
Only in Florida have the trees survived , though they have only been used in only limited ways , mostly for mulch .
All efforts to move the tree into more temperate conditions have failed , until now .
Thanks to a plant gene that it licensed from Mendel Biotechnology , a prime R&D contractor with Monsanto Co. , ArborGen 's freeze - tolerant eucalyptuses have been grown in much colder conditions up into the Carolinas .
( ArborGen has many connections to Monsanto , starting with its CEO , Barbara Wells , who worked at the seed giant for 18 years . )
Mendel 's regulatory gene controls the expression of other genes that influence cold resistance , and its use represents the state of the art in plant biotech .
But in opening the door to the plant 's cultivation , far more scrutiny is needed as to how eucalyptus will behave when grown in bulk , said Doria Gordon , a senior ecologist at the Nature Conservancy .
" My concern is about invasiveness .
Not that it is a GMO , per se , " Gordon said .
" The concern is , what threat is it to Florida 's natural area and to the Southeast 's natural areas ? "
Last year , Gordon , who also works at the University of Florida , evaluated one of the two species used to breed ArborGen 's hybrids , Eucalyptus grandis , also known as the rose gum .
The tree had previously turned invasive in South Africa , Gordon found , which led her to conclude that the tree carried a risk of turning invasive in the South , as well .
Gordon serves on a panel that evaluates the invasive risk of plants in Florida , and last year , the panel classified the rose gum as a possible invader .
Only a few variants of the tree can be grown , it said , and only with strict management practices , including harvesting within six months of the onset of flower production -- much sooner than a forest plantation would like .
Though the rose gum carries an invasive risk , ArborGen 's trees are an unknown quantity , Gordon said .
Given the uncertainty involved , however , the Nature Conservancy has recommended to USDA that ArborGen be allowed fewer acres and trees to flower , and none in Florida , she said .
The draft permit approved by USDA would allow flowering in 10 sites across the state .
" We do n't know if it could become more invasive over time , " she said .
And until then , " it would be logical to me to not do those trials in Florida . "
It is not irrational to fear invasiveness in eucalyptus , said Dan Binkley , a forest ecologist at Colorado State University .
However , the rose gum appears to take on weedy traits only in arid regions like South Africa , where it can leverage its tremendous water efficiency .
The South is far moister by comparison .
Even in Florida , the eucalyptus has proved to be somewhat delicate , ArborGen 's Pearson added .
The tree " does not exist outside of the planted environment , " he said .
And in the closed confines of a plantation , " you need to manage these things very carefully to let them survive and thrive . "
' More Wood .
Less Land '
While he would like to see more data on the water use and fire impacts of eucalyptus plantations , Binkley understands the tree 's allure , he said .
Unlike the pine trees used in Southern plantations -- which have quietly helped displace tobacco in the region 's economy -- eucalyptus can deploy a full canopy of leaves within a few years .
It is greedy for carbon , and within 27 months can grow to 55 feet in height .
The ultimate benefit of eucalyptus plantations would be the ability to grow more wood on less land , ArborGen 's Hinchee said .
( Not coincidentally , the firm 's motto is " More Wood . Less Land . " )
Forests are continuously lost to development in the South , and natural hardwood acres have become harder to harvest .
Increased productivity would have benefits " through the whole economic chain , " she said .
Similar claims have been made for the practice of forest plantations as a whole , which remains controversial despite its ubiquity in the South , and little data exists to verify the claims .
In the end , if the United States seriously pursues bioenergy from plants , the country will face a choice of drawing that power more from trees that are treated like crops , or from grasses , which can behave far more invasively , Strauss said .
" If we 're going to rely on biofuels as a significant part of a diverse portfolio of renewable technology , " then harvesting trees is the best way to go , he said .
" There 's a lot of marginal land that could be used . "
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing , LLC .
www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Have been very busy off late .. but I hope to get back to posting very soon .. good to see people are still visiting my Tutorial page(s ) !
Tendulkar 's feat made it to the front pages of newspapers
Indian newspapers have hailed cricketer Sachin Tendulkar 's feat of creating the first double century in the history of one - day internationals on Wednesday .
The 36 - year - old hit 25 fours and three sixes in an unbeaten 200 off 147 balls as India thrashed South Africa by 153 runs in the city of Gwalior .
Tendulkar is already the leading run-scorer in Test and ODI cricket .
Several leading former players from around the world have also paid tribute to Tendulkar 's achievement .
Writing for cricinfo , former Indian player Sanjay Manjrekar said nobody deserved the record better than Tendulkar .
" He has got so many very good hundreds , but he needed that one knock that would create history , " he wrote .
" He does n't have a triple hundred in Tests , he does n't have the quickest fifty or hundred [ in ODIs ] or the fastest hundred in Tests .
He has just got loads of very good Tests and ODI hundreds . "
" So this is something he will specially cherish .
He has that one individual innings that he can be really proud of . "
' Eye of the tiger '
The Indian Express newspaper carried a photograph of Tendulkar raising his bat after the feat - it was captioned : " God ! "
" The record has come late in Tendulkar 's career , a career in which India remained in the game far too often and for far too many stretches just by his very presence , " the newspaper wrote .
" For that reason , for the sense that Tendulkar now plays in a team that has to win without him , the record is timely . "
" 200 Not Out " , headlined the Hindustan Times newspaper .
" Tendulkar remains the flag bearer of the increasingly dwindling phenomenon of quantity matching quality , " the newspaper said .
Business newspaper , The Economic Times , led with the headline , " Two - Tonner Tendulkar " .
" [ Tendulkar 's innings ] is a testimony and commitment even as he heads for his 37th birthday .
He is looking fit , focussed and formidable as ever , and his timing remains untouched by the passing years , " wrote former Pakistani captain , Imran Khan , in the newspaper .
" An absolutely phenomenal record by a truly phenomenal player . "
The Hindu newspaper called Tendulkar 's innings an " epic effort of focus , flair and dare " .
" He is still an explosive athlete ; he still has the eye of the tiger . "
" Immortal at 200 " , headlined The Times of India newspaper .
" There are no speed limits on Tendulkar 's road to excellence .
After two decades of basking in the glory of his sporting pre-eminence on the world stage , India is now privileged to witness the second coming of the most complete and prolific batsman of this age , " said the newspaper .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) — Pope Benedict , facing one of the gravest crises of his pontificate as a sexual abuse scandal sweeps the Church , indicated on Sunday that his faith would give him the courage not to be intimidated by critics .
The 82 - year - old pontiff led tens of thousands of people in a sunny St. Peter ’s Square in a Palm Sunday service at the start of Holy Week events commemorating the last days in the life of Jesus .
While he did not directly mention the scandal involving sexual abuse of children by priests , parts of his sermon could be applicable to the crisis .
The pontiff said faith in God helps lead one “ towards the courage of not allowing oneself to be intimidated by the petty gossip of dominant opinion . ”
Before Pamela
Paul wrote about starter marriages and the baby industrial complex , she wrote about porn .
Specifically , she wrote that porn is pretty bad for us .
She has n't changed her mind , if her Washington Post column is any indication .
Advertisement
Paul is responding to a preliminary study from the University of Montreal that the media trumped up as evidence that her thesis — that pornography can have deleterious effects on relationships — is wrong .
Of course , the article she 's upset about is a pretty shitty look at the study and feminism .
Radical feminists and religious groups have long propagated the myth that pornography turns men into animals , degrades women and corrodes the underpinnings of a healthy society .
There 's no proof that viewing porn causes harm or changes people 's attitudes and yet anti-porn zealots continue to maintain that porn is everything from a sin to the slippery slope to addiction and divorce .
Advertisement
I 'm far from an anti-porn advocate , but I 'd hardly say there 's no proof that relationships can be harmed by one partner 's over - reliance on or preferences for pornography — in fact , my own past is littered with them , from the college boyfriend who expressed displeasure upon seeing my breasts for the first time by saying " Those do n't look like the ones in the magazines , " to the ex with the no-longer - secret stash of POV blowjob porn that he preferred to wank to rather than touch me .
I do n't , however , blame those on the existence porn per se — I place the blame squarely on the dudes who are unable to separate fantasy from reality , silicone from natural breast tissue or themselves from the joys of self - pleasure to engage in something more mutual .
The Canadian author , Mindelle Jacobs , nonetheless goes on , as there 's no need to be swayed by reality !
In the University of Montreal study of 20 dudes who agreed to talk about their porn habits , the dudes all knew the difference between fantasy and reality , did n't like that their girlfriends were opposed to it , and were n't particularly voracious porn consumers .
On average , the single men he interviewed watch porn three times a week for 40 minutes and those in relationships view it 1.7 times a week for 20 minutes .
( They rarely watch it with their partners . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Basically , he interviewed 20 hetero guys who masturbated to porn three times a week if they had girlfriends and once if they did n't , none of whom expressed a preference for anything but heteronormative , relatively vanilla porn .
These are n't exactly the men of Paul 's study — and she is n't buying their existence at all .
I have to agree with Pamela Paul on this point : 20 hetero Canadian guys who do n't need their girlfriends to look like porn stars is hardly an indictment of her work .
[ The ] findings , such as they exist , were based on interviews with 20 undergraduate males who detailed their views on sex , gender and pornography in one to two lickety - split hours .
Granted , it 's qualitative , not quantitative , research , but the brevity of the interviews is concerning .
While reporting " Pornified , " I felt the need for more than four hours with many of my 100 interviewees .
Of course , my guys could talk anonymously to a disembodied voice on the phone ; the poor fellows in Montreal had to sit down and look a male social worker in the eye before confessing a penchant for three - ways .
Lajeunesse asked 2,000 men before he found 20 willing subjects .
Most of them , he said , were referred by women in their lives .
Advertisement
In this , Paul and I agree .
In the rest of it , in which she suggests that porn is bad for most men , we do not .
One critique of both Paul 's article and Jacobs is obviously : they both set up the dichotomy that men watch porn , and women catch men watching porn and do n't like it .
The research Jacobs cites says none of the men watch porn with their partners ; the research Paul cites is about women as observers of their partners ' behavior .
Or as one 27 - year - old female lawyer noted recently : " All of my girlfriends and I expect to find histories of pornographic Web sites on our computers after our boyfriends use it .
They do n't bother erasing the history if you do n't give them a lot of hell . "
The implications troubled her .
Advertisement
Pornography outside of a hetero context is n't addressed ; women 's use of porn is not contemplated .
Paul 's subjects read like they are all addicts : unable to stop , unable to understand why , unable to use porn in a limited fashion ( 3 times a week , say ) for a specific purpose , the reader gets a vision of a group of men constantly fapping to rotating cycles of pornography .
As one young man explained , after mentioning that " porn may have destroyed my relationship with my girlfriend " in an e-mail : " I always feel that I 'm over porn , but I find myself keep coming back to it .
There seems to be an infinite number of porn sites with limitless variations , one never becomes bored with it .
. . .
It 's a very difficult habit to break . "
Advertisement
I 'm reminded of an episode of Intervention in which Aaron literally masturbates to porn in front of a camera crew for an entire day ( he seems much better in this video ) — that 's not a normal relationship to porn or masturbation .
It seems disordered , to say the least .
Yes , there is porn out there that is unhealthy —
Paul cites a study from 1979 that quantifies it , at least in some fashion .
Back in 1979 , Jennings Bryant , a professor of communications at the University of Alabama , conducted one of the most powerful peer - reviewed lab studies of the effects of porn viewing on men .
Summary of results : not good .
Men who consumed large amounts of pornography were less likely to want daughters , less likely to support women 's equality and more forgiving of criminal rape .
They also grossly overestimated Americans ' likelihood to engage in group sex and bestiality .
Advertisement
Of course , as Paul notes herself , the consumption of pornography and the kinds of pornography available for consumption has since exploded — it now includes female - centric porn , amateur porn , serious same - sex porn ( as opposed to heteronormative girl - on - girl porn ) , and a variety of other things that men and women can choose from .
In porn , the range of sexuality and sexual choices has expanded since the study even as the audience has .
Yes , some porn can give men and women a distorted sense of what the naked human form looks like ; it can give men and women a distorted sense of what sex acts their fellow humans engage in regularly ; its availability can contribute to a person 's sexual addictions .
But not all porn does that to all people .
For some , it can be a way to , say , understand more about your own sexual urges ; amateur porn can make regular people even sexier ; female - centric porn can give voice to female desires that male - centric porn does not .
Not all porn is bad , not all porn is good , just like not all men are bad or all women are good .
If your partner has a problem with porn , the problem is not the porn , it 's your partner — and its his or her responsibility to resolve it , or your prerogative to leave to find someone whose values about porn are more in line with your own .
Advertisement
The Cost Of Growing Up On Porn [ Washington Post ]
Research Contradicts Anti-Pornography Zealots [ Calgary Sun ]
Related : The Starter Marriage and the Future of Matrimony [ Pamela Paul ]
Pornified [ Pamela Paul ]
Follow Up With Aaron [ Intervention ]
Advertisement
This image was lost some time after publication .
shakakahnevan on Flickr " />
The classification , management , and conservation of the state ’s geological resources are vital for Iowa ’s economic stability and growth .
As a reliable source of information on water , mineral , rock , soil , and energy resources , the IGS can help resolve environmental issues and provide guidance for all stakeholders .
Michael Foot , the most improbable literary romantic to lead a major British party since Benjamin Disraeli , has died at the age of 96 after a turbulent political career that left him a much - loved but also deeply controversial figure .
A brilliant orator , steeped in Swift , Byron , Shelley and the great political struggles of the 17th century , Foot was first an incorrigible rebel who helped foster the left - right Bevanite split that damaged Labour throughout the 50s .
A champion of British unilateral nuclear disarmament , one of the left 's great postwar causes , he gradually moved towards office in the economic crisis of 1974 .
Foot led Labour from 1980 to 1983 , presiding over the party during the formation of the breakaway SDP .
He resigned after Labour fell to a stunning defeat in the 1983 election , the voters having rejected a manifesto later called the " longest suicide note in history " .
In a statement , Gordon Brown said : " Michael Foot was a man of deep principle and passionate idealism and one of the most eloquent speakers Britain has ever heard .
" He was an indomitable figure who always stood up for his beliefs and whether people agreed with him or not they admired his character and his steadfastness . "
Tony Benn , his cabinet colleague and occasional nemesis , added : " He was one of the great figures of the Labour movement . "
Foot 's gallant reputation and prestige kept the left and the unions on side during his time as Jim Callaghan 's deputy PM in difficult years from 1976 to 1979 .
He was also accused of irresponsibility and – ironically in view of his past – of appeasement of the unions by resurgent Conservatives and some Labour MPs .
For others his idealism , which included a life - long devotion to Plymouth Argyle FC , was highly attractive .
Despite the defeat of many of his most cherished causes , he had a rich and deeply fulfilled life , which he shared , until her death in 1999 , with his beloved wife , the filmmaker Jill Craigie .
In the crisis that followed the defeat of the Callaghan government and the rise of Margaret Thatcher , Foot led the Labour party from 1980 to 1983 , presiding over it during the formation of the breakaway Social Democratic Party ( SDP ) , which used his election over Denis Healey as the excuse for their defection .
He stepped down in favour of his protege Neil Kinnock after Labour slumped to a stunning 145 - seat defeat in the 1983 election in the wake of a manifesto that a Labour colleague called " the longest suicide note in history " .
It fell to Kinnock to rebuild his party and put it on the road to three election wins under Tony Blair .
Foot , who refused all honours including a peerage , must often have been unhappy with Blair 's leadership , but in old age loyalty to his party was a paramount consideration .
It was not always so .
The frail child of a West Country Liberal dynasty , Foot was always a rebel , who hitched his star early to the charismatic Welsh ex-miner , Aneurin Bevan , whose admiring biographer he became .
Their radical socialist views did not prevent either of them becoming allies of Lord Beaverbrook , the Canadian press tycoon , owner of the then - mighty Daily Express , who shared their sense of mischief .
A distinguished writer and journalist with a passion for literature as well as politics , Foot gained his first great claim to fame as the author of Guilty Men , the celebrated polemic against the prewar appeasers in 1940 .
Beaverbrook entered Churchill 's cabinet , Bevan attacked Churchill , and Foot briefly edited Beaverbrook 's London Evening Standard – though the leftwing weekly Tribune was his life 's love .
Tribune helped set the tone for Labour 's victory in 1945 when Foot , alone in his Liberal family , unexpectedly won Plymouth Devonport for Labour and became a Westminster gadfly .
It was a role he maintained from outside after losing Devonport in 1955 and resumed after succeeding Bevan in Ebbw Vale after his hero 's death in 1960 .
Foot and Bevan fell out over Bevan 's renunciation of unilateralism .
But Foot followed his mighty heart for much of his career .
His firm support of Indian independence led him to back his friend Indira Gandhi when she declared a state of emergency in the 70s .
In the 60s he joined forces with Enoch Powell , with whom he shared the title of best parliamentary orator , to block Labour efforts to reform the Lords – though he wanted it abolished , Powell wanted it left untouched .
Such quixotic behaviour prompted his old Oxford friend Barbara Castle to complain that he had " grown soft on a diet of soft options " .
But when Labour unexpectedly took power again in the global energy crisis – and domestic crisis between Ted Heath 's government and the miners – Foot accepted the tough job of employment secretary under Harold Wilson .
Under Jim Callaghan , as Labour lost its majority after 1977 , he was leader of the Commons and deputy PM , fighting night after night to keep the government afloat .
Among his many gallant defeats of that period was the campaign in which seven cabinet ministers , including Foot , were allowed to fight for a " no " vote when Wilson offered voters a referendum on Britain 's still - new EU membership in 1975 .
The yes camp – which included Margaret Thatcher – won by a ratio of 2:1 .
He and Benn were not peas in the same pod and Foot felt personally betrayed when Benn insisted on contesting Healey 's role as deputy Labour leader in 1981 – a divisive contest that Healey narrowly won when young leftwingers like Kinnock refused to back Benn .
After his leadership
Foot stayed in the Commons backing Kinnock against Militant entryism for which his earlier tolerance had been criticised , until 1992 when his protege lost the general election to John Major .
But his passion for books , as for Plymouth Argyle , never dimmed as the infirmities of old age took their toll .
In the bloody 90s when Yugoslavia was torn by civil war Michael and Jill Foot went there and made a film on behalf of their beloved Dubrovnik .
No puritan , Foot was fond of drink and laughter as well as ancient historical ports .
It was a fitting last hurrah .
They survived the BP oil disaster , Hurricane Katrina , and decades of industry spoiling their wetlands .
Whatever their future holds , the people of Grand Bayou want to decide it for themselves .
Police in Canada say they do not have any leads in the case of an Australian nuclear scientist who has been missing since mid-January .
The sudden disappearance of Lachlan Cranswick , 41 , has mystified his colleagues .
Mr Cranswick was last seen on January 18 when he left work at a high security nuclear facility in Chalk River , in northern Ontario .
The facility produces about a third of the world 's medical isotopes .
Police say Mr Cranswick 's home was reportedly left unlocked and his car was in the garage .
His wallet , keys and passport have all been accounted for .
Colleagues did not notice anything strange about his recent behaviour .
One described him affectionately as a " safety - conscious nerd " who never went anywhere without his mobile phone and GPS .
Local police have said he was an avid hiker and photographer but a search of the nearby ski trails and forests has not turned up any clues .
We are the Throneberry Law Group , formed by a mesothelioma lawyer who understands the feelings of helplessness loved ones often endure watching their moms , dads , brothers , sisters and older children suffer needlessly from years of exposure to this hazardous material .
Drawing from the experience we have accumulated through billions in settlements for victims like yourself , we are able to provide efficient , compassionate , and thorough representation of persons who have encountered asbestos at any point during their work , military , or personal lives .
First used in pottery 4,500 years ago in present - day Finland , asbestos was initially thought to be an effective method to add soundproofing and fire resistant properties to commercial , residential , and military construction applications .
As the 1800s rolled in , manufacturers of asbestos - based materials started feeling the heat , although it took until 1899 for Dr. Montague Murray to announce the potentially deadly effects of asbestos .
The world ’s first known death due to asbestos exposure was in 1906 .
The first U.S. lawsuits against asbestos manufacturers date back to 1929 , which later proved to be paramount in establishing that asbestos was an omnipresent threat with the potential to grow into an epidemic unless manufacturing processes changed , or ceased .
Settlements were quickly reached in those initial cases , asbestos continued mass production , and citizens were none the wiser .
Today , asbestos litigation is the longest and costliest mass tort in American history , having bankrupted 50 % of the top 25 asbestos manufacturers by the early 1990s .
It is believed there are millions with potential exposure who have not stepped forward .
These are coal miners , construction workers , manufacturing workers , tenants of older apartment buildings , and even electricians who wired homes over the years .
Military servicemembers often suffer asbestos - related diseases today , too , many having served in wars for an administration that refused to address continued use of asbestos decades ago .
Throneberry Law Firm will stop at nothing to find , represent and settle cases for victims of mesothelioma .
Health professionals have spent decades studying and testing in hopes of accurately identifying the symptoms of mesothelioma in all forms .
According to what our asbestos lawyer is seeing , victims often experience these symptoms :
Shortness of breath ( dyspnea )
Indescribable pain in rib cage
Excessive nausea or bloating
Fluid forming around lungs ( pleural effusion )
Crackling sound when inhaling or exhaling
Difficulty swallowing
Higher than normal blood pressure
A thorough health examination will determine the presence of mesothelioma , and the possibility of having Stage 1 to Stage 4 pleural mesothelioma .
Once discovered , treatment for this rarer type of cancer may include chemotherapy to slow progression and prevent metastasis .
The WT - 1 protein is being researched for potential drug use due to its overexpression in mesothelioma , although it is unknown when clinical trials will begin , or if they will .
Mesothelioma cancer comes with unfavorable prognoses .
Regardless if surgery was successful , life expectancy is between 12 and 21 months depending on stage , with slightly over 7 % living past five years .
In fact , one out of every 125 American males over 50 will die this year due to asbestos - related diseases , while younger people , women , patients with lower stage cancers , and patients with epithelioid cancers have greater chances of survival .
Once an asbestos attorney is retained from Throneberry Law Group , expect nothing less than comprehensive case litigation so you can concentrate on continuing treatment .
Your job , perhaps your military service , brought this unwanted disease into your life .
And now , it is time the company responsible for your needless suffering pays for their willful negligence .
That is where the powerful representation of a mesothelioma attorney from Throneberry Law Group is essential .
Once your information is submitted to our team , we will look over the facts surrounding your exposure to asbestos .
If we choose to move forward with your asbestos injury claim , well file the paperwork in your home area within the week .
Because there is a sense of urgency in resolving your case , we will work diligently to secure the care and compensation you deserve to avoid any further financial and emotional impact .
We will consult with survivors of loved ones who passed away and living victims of mesothelioma regardless of stage to determine potential root cause of their disease .
Scanning over medical records , work history and other relevant information , we will determine what course of action will have the most favorable outcome .
Some companies have already set aside settlement funds , which lessens the time between filing your claim and receiving compensation you deserve .
If Throneberry Law Group must fight your claim in court , we are expert mesothelioma trial attorneys prepared to put your story before intelligent jurors who will decide what punishment is prudent to your length of suffering and prognosis .
Because laws and asbestos exposure both vary by state , we cannot predict the length of time or amount of compensation your case is worth , but we can tell you how our experience has secured favorable settlements in many cases before yours .
Our firm spends hours fighting big companies so you or your loved one can concentrate on mounting an all - out war against mesothelioma .
In fact , we will trace the source of your asbestos exposure and settle your claim favorably , or we get nothing .
Regardless how many resources and hours it takes to get companies to compensate you , we will never ask for one penny upfront .
As a well - respected mesothelioma lawyer with first - hand knowledge of how victims feel , Michael Throneberry knows the value of a meaningful fight .
This means victims and survivors of decedents not only get courtroom experience , they get someone who has been down the same devastating road as them .
Compensation funds well into the billions have been set aside by companies for victims of mesothelioma across America .
An even greater amount may be secured in court .
There is no better time to stand up and claim what may be rightfully owed to you or your deceased loved one than now .
When you or your loved one is ready to fight for compensation , Throneberry Law Group has three locations across America ready to help you achieve justice in your mesothelioma cancer claims .
Just call ( 888 ) 506-1131 to get started .
With a lot of eyes focused on the PIIGS ( Portugal , Ireland , Italy , Greece , Spain ) , especially Greece and Spain , please do n't forget about China .
Goldman ’s O’Neill Says ‘ Something Brewing ’ in China on Currency .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Economist Jim O’Neill said China may be poised to let its currency strengthen as much as 5 percent to slow the world ’s fastest growing major economy .
“ I have a strong opinion that they ’re close to moving the exchange rate , ” O’Neill said in a telephone interview from London after China ’s central bank told lenders on Feb. 12 to set aside larger reserves .
“ Something ’s brewing .
It could happen anytime . ”
Chinese policy makers are seeking to restrain credit growth after their economy grew the fastest since 2007 in the fourth quarter .
Banks extended 19 percent of this year ’s 7.5 trillion yuan ( $ 1.1 trillion ) lending target in January as property prices climbed the most in 21 months .
O’Neill , who coined the term “ BRICs ” in 2001 , anticipating the boom in the emerging economies of Brazil , Russia , India and China , said China may allow the yuan to rise as much as 5 percent in a one - off revaluation and to then trade within a bigger band or against a larger basket of currencies .
That would help counter international pressure , he said .
Record lending last year and a 4 trillion yuan stimulus package helped China lead the recovery from the deepest global recession since World War II .
Investors ’ concern about investment bubbles in China , and what action the government may take to prevent or deflate them , has mounted this year .
Traffic Signal With No Red Light
50 % Office Vacancy Rate In Beijing
Beijing ’s office vacancy rate of 22.4 percent in the third quarter of last year was the ninth - highest of 103 markets tracked by CB Richard Ellis Group Inc. , a real estate broker .
Those figures do n’t include many buildings about to open , such as the city ’s tallest , the 6.6 - billion yuan ( $ 965 million ) 74 - story China World Tower 3 .
Empty buildings are sprouting across China as companies with access to some of the $ 1.4 trillion in new loans last year build skyscrapers .
Former Morgan Stanley chief Asia economist Andy Xie and hedge fund manager James Chanos say the country ’s property market is in a bubble .
“ There ’s a monumental property bubble and fixed - asset investment bubble that China has underway right now , ” Chanos said in a Jan. 25 Bloomberg Television interview .
“ And deflating that gently will be difficult at best . ”
A glut of factories in China is “ wreaking far - reaching damage on the global economy , ” stoking trade tensions and raising the risk of bad loans , the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China said in November .
The risks are so great that a decade of little or no growth , as Japan experienced in the 1990s , ca n’t be dismissed , said Patrick Chovanec , an associate professor in the School of Economics and Management at Beijing ’s Tsinghua University , ranked China ’s top university by the Times newspaper in London .
“ You have state - owned enterprises using borrowed funds from the stimulus bidding up the price of land -- not even desirable plots of land -- in Beijing to astronomical rates , ” Chovanec said .
“ At the same time you have 30 percent - plus vacancy rates and slumping rents in commercial property so it ’s just a case of when you recognize the losses -- or do n’t . ”
China ’s lending surged to 1.39 trillion yuan in January , more than in the previous three months combined .
“ The liquidity bubble last year went to the property market , ” said Taizo Ishida , San Francisco - based lead manager for the $ 212 - million Matthews Asia Pacific Fund , in a phone interview .
“ I was in Shanghai and Shenzhen three weeks ago and the prices were just eye - popping , just really amazing .
Generally I ’m not buying Chinese stocks . ”
Chanos , founder of New York - based Kynikos Associates Ltd. , predicted that China could be “ Dubai times 100 or 1,000 . ”
Real estate prices there have fallen almost 50 percent from their 2008 peak as the emirate struggles under at least $ 80 billion of debt .
The economy may shrink 0.4 percent this year , Shuaa Capital , the biggest U.A.E. investment bank , says .
The commercial property space under construction in China at the end of November was the equivalent of 6,800 Burj Khalifas -- the 160 - story Dubai skyscraper that ’s the world ’s tallest .
Overcapacity may be looming in manufacturing as well .
China ’s investments in new factories and properties surged 67 percent last year to 15.2 trillion yuan , more than Russia ’s gross domestic product .
Excess steel capacity may have reached about 132 million tons in 2009 , more than the 87.5 million tons from Japan , the world ’s second - biggest producer .
The Beijing - based EU Chamber of Commerce report said a “ looming deluge ” of extra cement capacity is being built .
Currency Inflows and Outflows
A - Tisket A - Tasket You Can't Peg To A Basket
China may allow the yuan to trade against a larger basket of currencies
Faber On Chinese Economy
China ’s economy will slow down “ meaningfully ” and may even be at risk of a “ crash ” because of the nation ’s excess capacity and as loan growth slows , investor Marc Faber said .
China ’s fragile economy may undermine industrial commodities in the “ near term , ” the publisher of the Gloom , Boom and Doom report said .
Faber added that he ’s pessimistic on the euro as a possible bailout of Greece by other European countries increases deficits in the region .
“ The economy , for sure , will slow down meaningfully this year , ” Faber said in an interview with Bloomberg Television in Hong Kong .
“ It has the potential to crash because of the overcapacities that have developed , and when loan growth slows down , we do n’t know how the economy will react . ”
A possible crash in China ’s economy will be “ disastrous ” for raw materials used in industrial production , Faber said .
He instead favors commodities including wheat , corn and soya beans and also said he does n’t see a “ huge downside risk ” for gold .
Something Brewing
Every man who has been circumcised has two stories …
… the one he ca n’t remember ,
… and the one he ca n’t forget .
As a newborn , he probably will not recall being restrained , or his penis being clamped and cut ( one in five men say they do remember it ) .
What he is unaware of is that his brain may not develop normally because of the severe pain and trauma .
As a man , he might be reminded daily that his penis is not whole , not fully functional , and has a scar running around it .
And he might know that he may still suffer from complications , like being at an increased risk for erectile dysfunction .
Dudes skateboarding out of helicopters !
THERE IS NOTHING MORE EXTREME .
It 's based on this comic from 2005 , and while I kept the dudes from the 2005 shirt but upped the level of helicopter extreme by about 1 billion decaextremes !!
One year ago today : someone monitoring my google searches today would find " where are darwin 's remains " , " where is darwin buried " , " how long does it take a skeleton to decay " , and " okay but what if it was near an anthill though "
– Ryan
The Jobs Picture Is Even Worse Than It Appears
Employment :
As the economy continues to destroy jobs , we hear a new excuse .
Frigid weather , the White House says , made the jobs report look worse than it is .
Actually , even without snow , it 's worse than you think .
Businesses shed another 36,000 jobs during February , the latest jobs report shows , but the unemployment rate remained flat at 9.7 % .
This , say Democrats in Washington , is a positive sign .
" Only 36,000 lost their jobs today , " crowed Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , as if losing thousands of jobs was an achievement .
We 're sad to say , the picture is even worse than it appears .
Take that " only 36,000 " figure .
The real number is actually 51,000 jobs lost , because the government counts 15,000 temporary workers hired by the Census as new jobs .
But these jobs are n't , in any meaningful sense , real full - time jobs .
Would things have been better without all the snow ?
Undoubtedly .
But we still would have lost jobs .
Then of course there 's the very definition of unemployment .
If you count those who are discouraged or working part - time when they want a full - time job , the jobless rate soars to 16.8 % .
Private sector employment gauges pretty much show the same thing .
For instance , the pollsters at Gallup each month ask Americans questions about their employment .
In February , the Gallup report shows , some 19.8 % of Americans reported that they were underemployed or not employed at all .
That 's one out of five workers - and even more than the 15 million unemployed estimated by the government .
What 's troubling is the obliviousness of Washington to this problem - the utter cluelessness they have about the most basic economic principles that guide our economy .
With businesses struggling and fearful about the future , all the talk in Washington is about more reckless spending and taxing .
They push ahead with a $ 2.5 trillion plan to take over 17 % of the economy , while both Social Security and Medicare run on fumes and hover near bankruptcy .
Meanwhile , Democrats think of the tax bonanza they 'll get from letting President Bush 's 2003 tax cuts expire at the end of this year , but do n't consider that it will devastate the economy .
Add to that cap - and - trade , new " fees " levied on banks , and the Obama administration 's pledge to hammer those with incomes above $ 200,000 - that is , our entrepreneurial class - with higher taxes , and it's not hard to see why new jobs are n't being created .
Talk of a business - killing " value - added tax " emerging from President Obama 's deficit commission is n't helping , either .
Meanwhile , on Thursday , the U.S. Treasury released its latest long - term financial outlook , and found that in the last nine months the U.S. long - term fiscal deficit has soared 21 % to $ 76 trillion .
By the Obama Treasury 's own admission , that 's unsustainable .
Yet the fiscal path the administration has us on would make it even worse .
Given all this , it 's amazing the economy 's growing at all .
Just you wait , we keep hearing .
The economy 's going to really get going when the snow melts and hiring will take off .
Well , maybe so .
But so far since the recession ended last summer , the Obama recovery has included average GDP growth of 4 % and close to 1.1 million jobs lost .
At this point after the 1982 recession , following President Reagan 's across - the - board tax cuts of 25 % and cuts in spending growth , the economy was growing at a 7 % - plus clip with 1.7 million new jobs .
You tell us :
Which is better ?
Unless we act , and soon , to cut taxes and reduce the size of government , the U.S. will enter a protracted period of slow economic growth , stagnant wages , and permanently high unemployment .
What better way to prepare yourself for this year 's Academy Awards than by looking back at the most memorable moments of Oscars past ?
Here , an original video compilation of some of the funniest , sweetest and weirdest bits from previous telecasts .
On Wednesday , January 20 , in a federal courthouse in San Francisco , plaintiffs in the Perry vs. Schwarzenegger trial challenging the legality of California ’s Proposition 8 introduced two documents ( over strenuous objections from the defense ) indicating close but cautious coordination between the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and the Yes on 8 campaign .
The documents , according to plaintiffs ’ witness Gary Segura , a professor of political science at Stanford University , indicated a desire on the part of the Church to create “ plausible deniability or respectable distance between the church organization per se and the actual campaign . ”
Segura ’s words soon rippled across the gay blogosphere , as trial watchers from The Atlantic ’s Andrew Sullivan to Julia Rosen of the California - based Courage Campaign latched onto the phrase “ plausible deniability ” as an “ explosive ” indictment of the Mormon Church ’s allegedly behind - the - scenes relationship to the Proposition 8 campaign .
But to Mormons in California ( both those who supported the Yes on 8 campaign and those who opposed it ) , the relationship between the church and the Proposition 8 campaign has always been undeniable .
Mormons Account for 75 % of Donations
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints has stated in its official news releases that it acted as part of a “ coalition ” of faith groups supporting Proposition 8 , which amended the California State Consitution to eliminate civil marriage rights for gays and lesbians .
Says Laura Compton , spokesperson for Mormonsformarriage.com : “ I ’ve always said that it ’s a coalition and the Mormons are Goliath . ”
Documents compiled by Mormon supporters of same - sex marriage — including campaign time lines and donor profiles — show that LDS Church ecclesiastical structures , resources , and relationships were fully mobilized to generate the majority of volunteers and donations for the Yes on 8 campaign , even as Church members were coached to handle their Mormonism carefully in campaign contributions and activities .
There was nothing plausibly deniable about the Church ’s relationship to the Proposition 8 campaign when , in Sunday meetings on June 29 , 2008 , a letter from Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints President Thomas Monson was read over the pulpit of every Mormon congregation in California urging Church members to “ do all you can ” to support the ballot measure .
Early donations from Mormons were solicited in July , when letters read in Sunday meetings of men’s and women ’s church auxiliaries conveyed a $ 10 million fundraising goal for July and August and instructed Church members to donate exclusively to protectmarriage.com .
Donors were asked to identify their home congregation on donation forms , according to campaign observers , so that Mormon congregations could track their progress towards meeting fundraising targets set for each congregation based on their ability to pay as assessed from records of church offerings .
The Church - coordinated fundraising drive intensified in late August , when select LDS Church members identified as potential large donors were invited to participate in conference calls with members of the Quorum of the Seventy , a high - ranking Church leadership body .
( Mormon Yes on 8 campaign observers believe that tithing records were used to identify call participants . )
On the conference calls , high - ranking church leaders encouraged potential large donors to individually contribute $ 25,000 to protectmarriage.com .
That ’s when Nadine Hansen , a Mormon veteran of the campaign for the Equal Rights Amendment , initiated an effort to document the extent of Mormon funding for the Yes on 8 campaign .
During the ERA campaign , Mormon feminist Sonia Johnson had shared with Hansen fundraising disclosure sheets from an anti-ERA group that had raised money in California .
Using church directories , Hansen was then able to identify “ all but one or two ” of the ERA donors as Mormon .
Sensing that the Church was pressing ERA - era strategies into service once again , she prepared to undertake the same donor - identification project for Proposition 8 at the Web site mormonsfor8.com .
In early September , a surge of $ 25,000 donations began to appear in campaign finance records compiled by the California Secretary of State .
Hansen and a crew of Mormon supporters of same - sex marriage began to comb large donor records to identify Mormon Church members .
By Election Day , mormonsfor8.com volunteers had successfully identified more than 50 % of the large donors as members of the LDS Church .
“ And we know that we did not identify all of the Mormon donors , ” Hansen relates .
“ You can see that in some places virtually all the money that came in came from Mormons .
It ’s a safe bet to say that Mormons contributed over half the money .
It might be as high as 75 % . ”
Do n’t Dress Like a Missionary
Mobilizing highly centralized and hierarchical ecclesiastical structures , Mormons also contributed as much as 80 - 90 % of the volunteer labor for the campaign .
Implementation of a statewide grassroots volunteer structure began in late July , with volunteers coordinated through geographically - organized Mormon ecclesiastical units called “ wards ” and “ stakes . ”
Church members received “ callings , ” or ecclesiastical assignments understood by orthodox church members to be divinely inspired , from their local church leaders to serve as regional ( or “ stake ” - level ) directors and zip code ( or “ ward ” - level ) supervisors for grassroots campaigning .
One LDS zipcode supervisor reported that the Mormon Church was “ the only member of the Protect Marriage coalition ” to participate in the Yes on 8 ground campaign .
On August 16 , the Yes on 8 ground - campaign began its voter - identification phase , with a reported 15,000 – 30,000 Mormon precinct walkers knocking doors each weekend in August to identify “ yes , ” “ soft yes , ” “ undecided , ” “ soft no , ” and “ no ” voters and to commit “ yes ” voters to display “ Yes on 8 ” lawn signs .
The door - to - door voter identification campaign continued through September .
Mormon volunteers were coached to avoid disclosing their ties to the LDS Church .
“ When we went to our training meetings , they said , do n’t bring up the fact that you ’re Mormon .
Do n’t wear white shirts and ties ; do n’t look like missionaries .
When you go out [ canvassing ] , bring a non-member friend .
When you ’re calling people , do n’t say I ’m a Mormon , ” says Laura Compton .
On October 8 , LDS Church members in California attended a special meeting broadcast from Salt Lake City by satellite to wards and stakes throughout California and to BYU students with California ties .
Encouraging Church members to think of the satellite broadcast as though they were “ sitting in [ a ] living room having a confidential talk , ” high - ranking LDS Church officials , members of the Quorum of the Twelve and the Quorum of the Seventy , introduced Church members to the final voter persuasion and get - out - the - vote “ phases ” of the campaign , asking members to use social networking technology to “ go viral ” with their support for Proposition 8 and commit four hours each week to the ground and phone campaign .
A primary source of Mormon messaging during the Proposition 8 campaign was the anonymously - authored “ Six Consequences if Prop 8 Fails ” document , which went viral across Mormon social networks after its introduction by email in mid-August and was utilized as a training document and handout in the Mormon - coordinated ground campaign .
The document alleged that the legalization of same - sex marriage would eventuate in the teaching of same - sex marriage in public schools and the elimination of religious freedoms .
Mormon legal scholar Morris Thurston described this as “ untrue ” and “ misleading ” and urged the LDS Church to discontinue its further dissemination .
Even as some Mormons urged the LDS Church to dissociate itself from questionable tactics of the Yes on 8 campaign , the profound connection between the Church and the campaign was obvious to insiders .
As Laura Compton of mormonsformarriage.com relates , “ Anybody who was part of the process knew exactly where they were getting their marching orders from . ”
Highly centralized and hierarchical LDS institutional structures , widespread experience with door - to - door proselytizing , disciplined messaging among former missionaries , and extensive social networks that facilitated viral messaging , combined with a religious and cultural tradition that assigns enormous value to obedience to church authorities , service , discipline , and sacrifice to create a potent political force that was no secret to those within the culture .
According to Laura Compton , the LDS Church provided the “ backbone of leadership , flesh of volunteers , blood of money ” for the Yes on 8 campaign .
“ When there ’s a natural disaster , Mormons are among the first to mobilize with resources and volunteers , and they get a lot done very fast .
This time they applied their talents to what they perceived to be a political disaster .
They ’re good at mobilizing and they work hard . ”
Still , Compton and other Mormon observers of the Proposition 8 campaign continue to wonder why the Church has been reticent to acknowledge the extent of its influence .
“ They did not want to be outed , ” Hansen relates .
“ And yet they were with ones with all the organizational skills .
And whether its because [ the Church ] is concerned about tax - exempt status or they want to avoid bad publicity … they want to do it and not have anyone know they do it at the same time . ”
One cultural factor contributing to this apparent two - mindedness is the continuing insularity of Mormon culture .
Mormon studies scholars suggest that Mormons living outside of Utah ( like other minorities ) have developed a “ divided sense of self ” and a related tendency to adopt a self - monitored or “ coded ” form of speech with outsiders .
Hansen recalls this same insider - outsider mentality from the political struggle over the Equal Rights Amendment , recalling that a man from her Mormon ward “ called me , upset because I had written this letter to the editor …
‘ You ’re making the Church look bad , ’ he said .
But I said , ‘ I ’m not making the Church look bad .
I ’m telling what the Church is doing .
If it looks bad , it ’s because it is bad . ’ ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
President Obama may be secretly plotting to declare martial law , but the Tea Partiers now face a more immediate threat : Captain America .
Conservative blogger Warner Todd Huston has checked out issue 602 of the long - running series and concludes that Marvel Comics is “ making patriotic Americans into [ its ] newest super villains . ”
The offending storyline finds Captain America and his African - American sidekick the Falcon in Idaho , where they encounter a Tea Party rally .
They then scheme to infiltrate the antitax protesters as a way to get to their real target , a militia group known as the Watchdogs .
The Falcon is skeptical : “ I do n’t exactly see a black man from Harlem fitting in with a bunch of angry white folks . ”
It ’s not the first time the Star Spangled Avenger has revealed his secret identity as a big - government liberal .
Back in the ’ 80s he battled Ronald Reagan when the Gipper turned into an underpants - wearing lizard man .
And more recently , he met secretly with Obama to offer his services .
Huston complains that the new plotline portrays the Tea Partiers as a bunch of crazy racists .
Marvel Comics editor - in - chief Joe Quesada has tried to dodge the criticism by insisting , unconvincingly , that the antitax folks were n’t even meant to be Tea Partiers , just a “ generic protest group . ”
As for Marvel ’s decision to portray the not - really - Tea Partiers as entirely white , The Stranger ‘s Paul Constant quips , “ An all - white teabagger crowd is probably the most realistic thing going on in that issue of Captain America . ”
Quesada also suggests that upset readers hold their outrage while the plot unfolds , hinting that exciting stereotype - shattering plot twists lie ahead .
So hang on to your tea bags .
New AVGN TRAILER !
122 hours , 15 minutes in the making !
That ’s a lot of time considering I have to come out with two Nerd videos a month , so I had to work on this inbetween keeping up with other episodes .
All the pre-production work took place in February , we filmed it in March , and since then , I ’ve been editing whenever I had spare time .
In the time span this project took , I could have almost become pregnant and had a baby .
A disturbing thought , but after it ’s over , I feel like this episode IS my baby .
So because I worked so hard on this one , I decided to do something that I ’ve never done before , give a sneak peak for my fans here at Cinemassacre .
Typically , I post the trailers on YouTube to notify the subscribers there when a new video goes up .
But this one is special , so enjoy it , because there is n’t going to be another episode this “ crazy ” for a while .
The video runs approximately 17 minutes long .
I ’m not 100 % sure when it ’ll be posted , but I think it ’ll be next week .
Portland Police are searching for a 22 - year - old Southeast Portland man who has been missing more than week .
Police say Tyler Brady was last seen by his roommate on February 19th .
He was reported missing by friends and family on Saturday after he repeatedly failed to show up for work and had n't contacted family for several days .
Police detectives -- who searched Brady 's residence today -- said the 22 - year - old has no criminal record and frequently rode his bike from his home on Southeast Division Street to North Portland .
Brady 's bike is also missing .
Police say Brady is white with brown hair , blue eyes , a beard and tattoos on his back and neck .
Anyone with additional information about Brady , or who may have seen him recently , is asked to contact Portland Police Detective Mike Weinstein , 503-823-0446 .
Last week , The New York Times ' somnolent columnist Bob Herbert complained that we live in a " nit - wit era , " a time when it is " fashionable to bad - mouth labor unions and feminists even as workers throughout the land are treated like so much trash and the culture is so riddled with sexism that most people do n't even notice it . "
One person who did notice , says Herbert , was Boston University academic and radical historian Howard Zinn , who died last week at the age of 87 , though not before bequeathing to America a series of books hostile to sexism and rather friendly to labor unions .
" That he was considered radical , " writes Herbert , " says way more about this society than it does about him . "
But as the effusive encomiums from his peers and cheerleaders in both the media and academia suggest , " society " did look upon Zinn with admiration .
Even the Associated Press rhapsodized that " Zinn himself was an impressive - looking man , tall and rugged with wavy hair .
An experienced public speaker , he was modest and engaging in person , more interested in persuasion than in confrontation . "
The novelist Dave Eggers similarly praised Zinn in The New Yorker , arguing that " his effect on how we see and teach history is immeasurable . "
Eggers is right about that .
I 'm sorry to sound a discordant note about this " great " man ( The Guardian ) , this historian and activist of " limitless depth " ( RT , who ceded hours of its coverage to the " American mahatma " ) .
But while Zinn might have been an effective activist and a man of great modesty , he was an exceptionally bad historian .
It 's a mystery how A People 's History of the United States , which has sold over a million copies and currently sits at number fourteen on the Amazon bestseller list , has become so popular with students , Hollywood types , and academics .
It is a book of no original research and no original ideas ; a tedious aggregation of American crimes ( both real and imagined ) and deliberate elisions of inconvenient facts and historical events .
Much of the criticism of Zinn has come from dissenters on the left .
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. once remarked that " I do n't take him very seriously .
He 's a polemicist , not a historian . "
Last year , the liberal historian Sean Wilentz referred to the " balefully influential works of Howard Zinn . "
Reviewing A People 's History in The American Scholar , Harvard University professor Oscar Handlin denounced " the deranged quality of his fairy tale , in which the incidents are made to fit the legend , no matter how intractable the evidence of American history . "
Socialist historian Michael Kazin judged Zinn 's most famous work " bad history , albeit gilded with virtuous intentions . "
Just how poor is Zinn 's history ?
After hearing of his death , I opened one of his books to a random page ( Failure to Quit , p. 118 ) and was informed that there was " no evidence " that Muammar Qaddafi's Libya was behind the 1986 bombing of La Belle Discotheque in Berlin .
Whatever one thinks of the Reagan administration 's response , it is flat wrong , bordering on dishonest , to argue that the plot was n't masterminded in Tripoli .
Nor is it correct to write that the American government , which funded the Afghan mujahadeen in the 1980s , " train[ed ] Osama bin Laden , " a myth conclusively debunked by Washington Post correspondent Steve Coll in his Pulitzer Prize - winning book Ghost Wars .
Of Cuba , the reader of A People 's History is told that upon taking power , " Castro moved to set up a nationwide system of education , of housing , of land distribution to landless peasants . "
Castro 's vast network of gulags and the spasm of " revolutionary justice " that sent thousands to prison or the executioners wall is left unmentioned .
This is unsurprising , I suppose , when one considers that Zinn recently told an interviewer " you have to admire Cuba for being undaunted by this colossus of the North and holding fast to its ideals and to Socialism … .
Cuba is one of those places in the world where we can see hope for the future .
With its very meager resources Cuba gives free health care and free education to everybody .
Cuba supports culture , supports dance and music and theatre . "
There is also no mention of the Khmer Rouge or Pol Pot , though in a misleading digression into the so - called Mayaguez Incident , Zinn mentions that " a revolutionary regime had just taken power " in Cambodia and treated its American prisoners rather well .
And it is untrue , as Zinn claims , that President Gerald Ford knew Cambodia had released its American captives in 1975 but still allowed a small Marine invasion simply to show American muscle after the Vietnam humiliation .
A People 's History is full of praise for supposedly forgotten truth - tellers like " Dalton Trumbo and Pete Seeger , and W.E.B. Du Bois and Paul Robeson , " all apologists for Stalinism .
( Both Du Bois and Robeson were awarded the Stalin / Lenin Peace Prize by the Kremlin , and both enthusiastically accepted . )
There is no accounting of communism 's crimes , though plenty of lamentations that , after the Second World War , " young and old were taught that anti-Communism was heroic . "
Indeed , in the comic book version of A People 's History , Zinn writes that the Cold War " would last for over 40 years " but " to keep it going required political and social repression on both sides " ( emphasis in original ) .
Despite conclusive evidence from Russian archives , Zinn suggests the atom spies Morton Sobel and Julius Rosenberg were railroaded with " weak " evidence and their subsequent trials were simply to show " what lay at the end of the line for those the government decided were traitors . "
When Sobel confessed his espionage to the The New York Times earlier this year , Zinn told a reporter , " To me it did n't matter whether they were guilty or not . "
This is a strange sentiment for someone whose job , one assumes , is to mine the historical record in search of historical truth .
But Zinn was n't , as Schlesinger correctly said , a historian in any traditional sense .
Zinn abjured footnotes ( there are a number of quotes in A People 's History that I could n't verify ) , his books consist of clip jobs , interviews , and recycled material from A People 's History , and he was more likely to be found protesting on Boston Common than holding office hours at Boston University .
But it is clear that those who have praised his work do so because they appreciate his conclusions , while ignoring his shoddy methodology .
This helps explain why few of his acolytes mention the effusive blurbs Zinn provided for David Ray Griffin 's two books of 9/11 conspiracy theories , Debunking 9/11 and The New Pearl Harbor , or why A People 's History uses the work of Holocaust denier David Irving to inflate the civilian death toll at Dresden .
His hometown newspaper , The Boston Globe , celebrated Zinn as " an activist who fought injustice wherever it festered , " without pointing out that he defended injustice in the name of socialism , communism , and , in the case of Imperial Japan , anti-Americanism .
A eulogist writing in The Guardian gushed that Zinn was an American " dissident , " a term usually reserved for people like Alexander Solzhenitsyn , not those making documentaries for the History Channel alongside Josh Brolin and Matt Damon .
Call him what you will — activist , dissident , left - wing muckraker .
Just do n't call him a historian .
Michael C. Moynihan is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
God Is No Excuse
By Liam Fox
We are all born , and we have no choice in that .
We have no choice as to the situation we are born into , good or bad .
We have no responsibility for negative hardships that exist at the time of our birth anymore than we can take credit for any inherent advantages .
We come into this world blind , ignorant and incompetent and we learn about our environment , the limitations and the potentialities as we develop .
Each one of us share this experience .
In fact , this is one of the few universal things that we all share equally .
We are born , we share the vulnerabilities as humans to illness , pain , hunger , violence and suffering , and then we die .
These are facts .
This is the situation that all of us share .
These are the things we have in common that none of us can escape .
These are the things that none of us can exercise any substantive control over .
We are born , we are vulnerable and then we die .
At any given instant , a snap - shot may be taken of our planet , and regardless of when that snap - shot is taken , the result would be the same .
We would see a population of people who all share these same basic conditions of existence struggling to survive .
All having arrived on this planet within the past several decades and all equally irresponsible for the condition they found it in .
All of us are struggling to survive , but many are working diligently to capitalize on the discovered and created inequalities that sentence the vast majority of our fellow humans to incredible poverty , leaving a minority to live in comfort , and a fraction of a percent to wallow in absolutely perverse wealth .
Belief in divine intervention , or supernatural orchestration , only reinforces these inherited , institutionalized inequalities .
Divine reasons are attributed to situations that provide benefit to those who have discovered the divine reasons .
To give credit to a god for what has been attained , achieved or exploited removes responsibility from the beneficiary for becoming a ‘ have ’ at the expense of the ‘ have - not ’s ’ .
People believe that they are blessed because a god has blessed them .
This sounds selfless , to not take credit for personal achievement or acquisition .
It sounds downright humble and pious .
However , what it really does is free a person from the guilt of exploitation at another ’s expense .
If all blessings come from a creator or master conductor , it stands to reason that those not blessed , are so by the will and purpose of the same divine being , or supernatural power .
To believe that there is a divine power in charge is to believe that the impoverished , the suffering , the hungry etc … are such by divine decree , if not allowance .
Somehow , and in some way , if one is deserving and worthy of blessing , the un- blessed must have deserved their lot as well .
We saw and heard examples of this in the callous , dispassionate and selfish pronouncements from religious leaders following the disastrous earthquake in Haiti .
Even if you discount them for their ignorance and believe that blessings rain equally on the just as they do the unjust , it ’s still the supreme being in ultimate control of the ‘ raining ’ and the allowing of a huge majority of humans to be rained on by a merciless shit - storm of poverty , hunger and oppression .
To claim an intelligent design or divine orchestration of this world , is to escape personal responsibility by making the suffering of our fellow humans the province of an invisible supreme being .
It ’s very convenient .
We declare it ‘ horribly unfortunate ’ for these destitute and suffering people and we offer them our prayers in lieu of equality .
We send money , but never enough and always too late , and we never address the fundamental systemic issues that cause and perpetuate the suffering and inequality .
We decide that the status quo is unchangeable and accept it as ‘ just the way things are ’ .
We tell ourselves there is nothing we can do about it .
We work hard to convince ourselves that it is not only easier , but much wiser , to leave it in the hands of an unseen , unproven and unknowable god .
Believers in divine provenance seem conveniently able to ignore the exploitation , cruelty and oppression necessary to create the favored position they found themselves in by accident of birth .
Others , unfettered by compunctions about exploitation and capitalization , increase their lot at the expense of others , and once again , reason that since they were able to , it must have been allowed by a supreme being and therefore is sanctioned by that supreme being .
It is a wonderful mind - set that provides freedom from responsibility and gives divine permission to personal , gender , ideological , theological , ethnic and national exceptionalism and the subsequent exploitation and capitalization required to maintain that favored position of consumption and excess .
Further , it is reasoned , that to share equally with our fellow humans in need , is to disrespect the gift of favored status and divine supremacy bestowed by said supreme being .
It is by grand design that the favored children wallow in luxury while millions die , every day , lacking the basic necessities .
This is considered glorifying to many gods , as long as public displays are made , giving the god credit for the excess .
Religions that believe in omniscient , omnipresent and omnipotent gods or supreme beings , provide the supreme excuse to exploit , and accept as divine intervention , the fruits of past and current greed and lust .
Religion is a barrier to human cooperation and shared prosperity .
As humans , we are all in this together .
We are equal .
We share the fundamental experiences of birth , human frailty and death .
We need to recognize this shared responsibility for all of our needs and challenges as well as our potential and achievable successes .
The only way to ensure the safe , secure and mutually prosperous sustainable development for any of us , is to work towards it for all human beings .
No more excuses , tricks or confidence schemes .
We are the only answer .
Editor ’s Note : Please follow Liam Fox on Twitter .
Kevin Guest
Re : strangers « Reply # 1 on : January 22 , 2010 , 06:43:51 AM
» haha nice .
It 's pretty effective , I think .
Great visuals , too .
Spaceman 's vertical axis could to be centered .
Right now , he jumps horizontally when you change directions .
About half way through I was like " It 'd be funny if they were peaceful aliens " .
I shot them all anyway .
« Last Edit : January 24 , 2010 , 02:28:59 AM by Kevin » Logged
Danrul
Level 4 Re : strangers « Reply # 2 on : January 22 , 2010 , 07:05:52 PM
» I have to say this game worked perfectly on me .
That is all .
No spoilers .
Logged
JackNeil
Grappling Hook
Level 0 Grappling Hook Re : strangers « Reply # 3 on : January 23 , 2010 , 06:12:13 AM
»
I first was confused , why A and D did n't work in the tutorial .
I would recommend either to allow all actions you mention in the tutorial - message or none .
Anything else is not consistent .
In the end I tried to start the spaceship with the right mouse - button , because before I used the right mouse - button for the jet - pack .
I think this would be more intuitive than pressing the enter - key .
Nice game and surprising twist .
I first was confused , why A and D did n't work in the tutorial .
I would recommend either to allow all actions you mention in the tutorial - message or none .
Anything else is not consistent .
In the end I tried to start the spaceship with the right mouse - button , because before I used the right mouse - button for the jet - pack .
I think this would be more intuitive than pressing the enter - key .
Logged
Grappling Hook | Dev-Blog Christian Teister | Game Developer
increpare Guest
Re : strangers « Reply # 4 on : January 23 , 2010 , 07:47:54 AM
» I seemed to get stuck in the ship a couple of times .
I liked it , though : )
Logged
pgil Guest
Re : strangers « Reply # 5 on : January 23 , 2010 , 07:15:45 PM
» Quote from : increpare on January 23 , 2010 , 07:47:54 AM
I seemed to get stuck in the ship a couple of times .
I liked it , though : )
I got stuck in the ship too
Is the enter key supposed to start it ?
I got stuck in the ship tooIs the enter key supposed to start it ?
Logged
Renton Guest
Re : strangers « Reply # 7 on : January 24 , 2010 , 02:36:58 AM
» I am in love with this game .
I must rip off the ideas sometime .
Logged
kaputtnik
Roll over , Stravinsky !
Level 0 Roll over , Stravinsky !
Re : strangers « Reply # 8 on : January 26 , 2010 , 01:44:39 AM
» approve .
Logged
Time flies like an arrow .
Fruit flies like a banana .
| www.56kmodern.com - game truth , shun error .
PDF
Level 1 Re : strangers « Reply # 9 on : January 27 , 2010 , 03:52:55 AM
» I think it is a considerable talent to be able to integrate the twist into the gameplay .
I liked Braid , and this game because of its success in achieving this integration .
I wish it was longer , or had a Edmund - like second part ; but as ( apparently ) this was made to be a short experience , the length is not something one should complain about .
Logged
Cerogravian
Working As Designed
Level 2 Working As Designed Re : strangers « Reply # 13 on : January 27 , 2010 , 11:33:44 PM
»
But above all - Great visuals and I really love the music , your work as well ?
Wonderful experience , even though I was n't that shocked But above all - Great visuals and I really love the music , your work as well ?
Logged
Christian223
DRAGON was robot
Level 1DRAGON was robot Re : strangers « Reply # 14 on : January 28 , 2010 , 02:54:12 AM
» Very nice " twist " .
Maybe it would be better if you continued a little bit more the story , and told about what happens with the characters after the visit to that planet .
Something that shows more the consecuences of your actions .
Logged
Danrul
Level 4 Re : strangers « Reply # 15 on : January 29 , 2010 , 03:57:52 AM
» Quote from : Christian223 on January 28 , 2010 , 02:54:12 AM
Very nice " twist " .
Maybe it would be better if you continued a little bit more the story , and told about what happens with the characters after the visit to that planet .
Something that shows more the consecuences of your actions .
This would ruin the games purity .
Do n't think about it traditionally , appreciate it as a vignette .
This would ruin the games purity .
Do n't think about it traditionally , appreciate it as a vignette .
Logged
ITS_Mike
Programmer
Level 3 Programmer Re : strangers « Reply # 17 on : January 31 , 2010 , 05:08:26 PM
»
All in all , a very well done game .
It feels polished , and I really liked the Banjo Kazooie style talk system .
The way you introduce the controls is also very nicely done .
However , the " RMB " and " LMB " bit had me confused .
Since you used " WSAD " for movement , I assumed " RMB " meant you use the R , M and B keys to maneuver with your jetpack .
However , the issue was solved after some quick experimentation , and I understand that you did n't have much space to work with .
More like it tells you something about what games are usually like
All in all , a very well done game .
It feels polished , and I really liked the Banjo Kazooie style talk system .
The way you introduce the controls is also very nicely done .
However , the " RMB " and " LMB " bit had me confused .
Since you used " WSAD " for movement , I assumed " RMB " meant you use the R , M and B keys to maneuver with your jetpack .
However , the issue was solved after some quick experimentation , and I understand that you did n't have much space to work with .
Logged Twitter - Facebook - YouTube
Aik
Level 6 Re : strangers « Reply # 18 on : February 02 , 2010 , 06:53:25 PM
» enjoying slaughtering everything But ... but I wasslaughtering everything Logged
WE MOVED .
YOU WILL BE REDIRECTED SHORTLY !
Moved ...
ChubbySection : Signed , sealed , delivered - Bad Company 2 .
Moved ...
Moved to new url www.chubbysection.wordpress.com.
Britain is to give 42 m condoms to South Africa in response to a request for an extra billion as part of an HIV prevention drive before the World Cup , the government will announce today .
The request for British help in stockpiling sufficient condoms for the expected influx of thousands of football supporters in three months ' time was made during President Jacob Zuma 's recent visit to the UK to meet the Queen .
" Obviously there 's a big focus on the World Cup coming up and a huge increase in the number of people coming into South Africa , " said the international development minister , Gareth Thomas , who will announce the £ 1 m funding today at an emergency summit in London on HIV prevention and treatment .
" The South Africans have identified themselves the need to get more condoms in place .
South Africa specifically asked for British assistance and we are responding to that request . "
He pointed out that the fans would inevitably spill over into neighbouring African countries with high HIV rates , which would also need to take precautions .
The South African government estimates that up to half a million visitors could travel to the country , raising fears of a rise in prostitution and sex trafficking from neighbouring countries and eastern Europe , and creating a potential HIV timebomb .
Last week South Africa 's Central Drug Authority warned that 40,000 prostitutes were expected to arrive for the month - long tournament .
South Africa is embroiled in a struggle to combat the world 's biggest HIV caseload and to convince its population of the importance of safe sex .
The South African health minister , Aaron Motsoaledi , expressed concern that the message was being ignored because people believe HIV can now be easily treated .
" President [ Jacob ] Zuma made two far - reaching statements on World Aids Day , " Motsoaledi said .
" He made a strong statement about prevention and a strong statement about treatment regimes , but after World Aids Day South Africans were only talking about the one .
" That 's what is worrying me .
I am saying treatment must only come after prevention ...
We are worried that South Africans seem to be thinking that we have arrived . "
The Department for International Development ( DfID ) is keen to support the South African government because of the leadership it has shown recently on HIV .
On World Aids Day in December last year , the South Africans announced bold plans to improve access to HIV treatment , particularly for pregnant women and young children , as part of a fresh political will to tackle HIV and Aids .
Now the attention is turning to preventing new infections .
Some 450 m male condoms are distributed in South Africa every year but , with 16 million sexually active men and one of the highest HIV infection rates in the world , there are never enough .
The DfID will today host an emergency meeting in London to try to stop the fight against HIV and Aids from running into the sand .
Five years ago , the G8 pledged universal access to treatment and prevention by 2010 .
About 4 million people in poor countries are now on antiretroviral drugs to keep them alive , but more than 8 million still urgently need them .
More than 33 million people live with HIV around the world and a further 2.5 million people became newly infected last year .
The Global Fund to fight Aids , Tuberculosis and Malaria , which channels money from donor countries into disease - fighting programmes designed and carried out by developing countries themselves , said that an estimated 4.9 million lives have been saved since it was set up in 2002 .
It predicted that , if efforts continue , mother - to - child transmission of HIV in childbirth could be eliminated by 2015 , TB could be halved and malaria effectively eliminated from many countries .
But its funding is now under threat .
" This report clearly shows the world 's investments are making a difference , " said Michel Sidibé , executive director of UNAids .
" However , Aids is not over in any part of the world and , without a fully funded Global Fund , our shared dream of universal access to HIV prevention , treatment , care and support could become our worst nightmare – putting the lives of millions of people currently on treatment in jeopardy and millions of pregnant women … not able to protect their babies from becoming infected . "
HIV nation
An estimated 5.7 million South Africans are living with HIV , about one in every five adults .
There are about 1,400 new HIV infections and nearly 1,000 Aids deaths every day .
Television adverts ask viewers to " imagine the possibility of an HIV - free generation " by being cautious .
But condom use is still far from a social norm .
Critics accuse South Africa 's leadership of undermining the fight with denialism and hypocrisy .
Former president Thabo Mbeki 's unwillingness to act has been blamed for the premature deaths of 300,000 people .
President Jacob Zuma , while being tried on charges of raping an HIV - positive family friend in 2006 , was ridiculed for testifying he took a shower after sex to lower the risk .
He was acquitted of rape .
Earlier this year he again did not use a condom when having sex with the daughter of a family friend , who subsequently gave birth to his 20th child .
Forget the hoary arguments about the .270 versus the .30/06 .
If you want to get some heat going among gun owners , ask what makes for the best zombie gun .
As with nearly every other subject of interest to shooters , it turns out the opinions are deeply held -- even if the speaker 's personal experience with zombies is somewhat thin .
However , the issue is n't nearly as academic as you might think .
In various " practical " shooting competitions -- such as the fast - paced game of 3 - gun , and even in cowboy action -- it is not uncommon to see zombie stages where the shooter must face down a horde of targets .
Typically these require precise shot placement and lots and lots of shooting .
On this much we can agree : High - capacity guns chambered in cartridges noted for their knockdown power are preferable .
Target sights for accurate shooting and accessories , such as lights and lasers to aid in low - light situations , are a good thing too .
My three zombie - fighters are listed on the opposite page .
If all of this sounds like a barely veiled excuse to spend more money on yet another gun with all kinds of goodies hanging off it , well , who am I to argue ?
****** Editor 's Note : With Halloween coming up , we felt like you all could use a nice refresher .
You never know when you 'll need to defend against the hordes of undead .******
**** OL.com 's Guide to Zombie Games >>**** ** OL.com Reader Zombie Guns >> **
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A Merseyside soldier blinded by a grenade in Iraq has said his life has been turned around by technology that allows him to " see " with his tongue .
L/ Cpl Craig Lundberg , 24 , from Walton , Merseyside , can read words , identify shapes and walk unaided using the BrainPort device .
The machine converts visual images into a series of electrical pulses which are sent to his tongue .
The soldier said the device gives off " a pins and needles sensation " .
L/ Cpl Lundberg lost his sight while serving with the King 's Regiment after being hit by a rocket propelled grenade in 2007 .
' Popping candy '
The Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) selected him to trial the pioneering device which is comprised of a tiny video camera attached to a pair of sunglasses linked to a plastic " lolly pop " which the user places on their tongue to read the electrical pulses .
L/ Cpl Lundberg said it felt like " licking a nine volt battery or like popping candy " .
" You get lines and shapes of things , it sees in black and white so you get a two dimensional image on your tongue , it 's a bit like a pins and needles sensation , " he said .
" It 's only a prototype , but the potential to change my life is massive , it 's got a lot of potential to advance things for blind people .
" One of the things it has enabled me to do is pick up objects straight away , I can reach out and pick them up when before I would be fumbling around to feel for them . "
L/ Cpl Lundberg said he would still be keeping his guide dog Hugo .
The MoD said it expected to pay about £ 18,000 for the device and training to enable the trial to take place .
Users cannot speak or eat while using the BrainPort so designers are hoping to create a smaller device that could be permanently fixed behind the teeth or to the roof of the mouth enabling more natural use .
HOW TONGUE TECHNOLOGY HELPS SOLDIER ' SEE ' 1 . Camera in glasses sends images to base unit in hand - held device 2 .
Images are translated into stimulation pattern to send to mouthpiece 3 .
Electrodes on tongue pulse according to lightness of image pixels 4 .
Users learn to recognise patterns , movement and high - contrast objects
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors
Co is recalling 1.3 million compact cars in North America to address a power steering problem that has been linked to 14 crashes and one injury , the company said on Tuesday .
A worker walks behind a logo of General Motors after the announcement of the closing of the Opel assembly plant in Antwerp January 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Francois Lenoir
U.S. safety regulators opened an investigation on January 27 into approximately 905,000 Cobalt models in the United States after receiving more than 1,100 complaints of power steering failures .
The complaints included 14 crashes and one injury .
The recall covers the 2005 - 2010 model year Chevrolet Cobalt and 2007 - 2010 Pontiac G5 in the United States ; 2005 - 2006 Pontiac Pursuit sold in Canada , and the 2005 - 2006 Pontiac G4 sold in Mexico , GM said in a statement .
GM said it told the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration about the voluntary recall on Monday after concluding its own investigation that began in 2009 .
GM said the affected vehicles can be still be “ safely controlled ” but it may require greater steering effort under 15 mph .
Drivers will see a warning light and hear a chime if the power steering fails .
“ After our in - depth investigation , we found that this is a condition that takes time to develop .
It tends to occur in older models out of warranty , ” GM Vice President of Quality Jamie Hresko said in the statement .
“ Recalling these vehicles is the right thing to do for our customers ’ peace of mind , ” he said .
GM said it is currently developing a remedy to fix the problem and will notify customers when the plan is finalized .
The recall comes at a time of heighten public and regulatory scrutiny over vehicle safety issues in the wake of massive recalls by Toyota Motor Corp .
Toyota global quality control chief Shinichi Sasaki and North American President Yoshimi Inaba are scheduled to appear before a Senate committee on Tuesday for a third hearing on its handling of consumer complaints about sudden acceleration .
Q. How do you get a retard to commit suicide ?
A . Put a knife in his hand and ask , " Who 's special ? "
I 've known that joke for as long as I can remember .
When you grow up with a mentally retarded sister , you have the retard - joke canon forced on you pretty quickly .
" What 's better than winning the Special Olympics ?
Not being a retard . "
That 's another chestnut .
As a kid I used to hear the suicide joke all the time , and it never failed to upset me .
As an adult I do n't hear it much , probably because most adults realize that if you tell it in mixed company , there 's a reasonable chance someone will call you an asshole .
Which means the only safe place for an asshole to repeat it is the Internet .
Where lots of them do .
Funny thing is , I 've recently started thinking about that joke in a way I never have before .
I now like to imagine it as the sort of thing two self - aware retarded people might share with each other as a biting critique of the overly sentimental garbage they 're buried in every day .
I mean , if I 'd spent my entire life hearing " normal people " I barely knew go on and on about how my struggles had inspired those around me , about how God had specifically chosen my parents to raise me because they were saints , about how the patience my disability required had taught others the true nature of love —
I 'd probably feel like plunging a knife into my head , too .
Allow me to address the elephant in the room : yes , I use the R word .
I 've never used it the way Rahm Emanuel used it , when he called left - leaning Democrats " fucking retarded " during negotiations over the health - care bill .
I 've never used it the way Rush Limbaugh used it , in response to the Emanuel controversy , when he criticized our " politically correct society " for " acting like some giant insult 's taken place by calling a bunch of people who are retards ' retards . ' "
I 've never even used it the way Stephen Colbert used it , calling Sarah Palin a " fucking retard " after she demanded Emanuel 's dismissal for his apparent insensitivity , then immediately turned around and defended Limbaugh 's remark as " satire . "
To me , the R word has only ever had one acceptable application — and even that one 's slippery .
In 1970 , when my sister , Jenny , was born , retarded was the catch - all term for anyone with a mental disability .
It was the term every doctor and specialist used when her condition was first diagnosed .
It 's the term every educator used while she was in the public school system .
It 's the term my family has always used when we talk about her , and out of habit and convenience we probably always will .
Advocacy groups like the Association for Retarded Citizens ( which once counted my mom as a chapter president , my sister as a program participant , and me as a volunteer ) started distancing themselves from the word in the early 90s .
They did so for a number of reasons : it had come into favor at a time when the mentally challenged were routinely institutionalized ; it had been popularly adopted as slang for " stupid " ; and , most important , it was far too reductive .
The ARC served people living with a wide range of disabilities — Down syndrome , autism , cerebral palsy — whose needs and capabilities were never exactly alike .
To group them all together as " retarded " was inaccurate at best and insulting at worst .
So the ARC changed its name to the Arc .
Other groups followed suit .
New terms — developmentally disabled , intellectually challenged — came to the fore .
The R word became a relic of a less - enlightened past .
But when it comes to my sister , I still use it .
Here 's why :
When people first get to know me , sooner or later they run through the standard battery of questions about where I 'm from , what my family 's like , whether I have any siblings .
Easy stuff like that .
But when I tell them I have an older sister , it gets tricky .
Because the next question , invariably , is what does she do ?
I suppose I could be coy , just say she lives at home with my dad and let people think what they will .
But that makes it sound like I 'm hiding something , or ashamed .
So instead I come out with it .
I know in some circles it might be considered more sensitive if I said she 's developmentally disabled , or mentally challenged , or that she has special needs .
But then there 'd be more questions .
Does she have Down syndrome ?
Is she autistic ?
What exactly is wrong with her ?
I could get technical and say she 's microcephalic , which basically means her brain stopped developing at a certain point .
But if I told you that right off the bat , would you have any idea what I was talking about ?
Or I could go the other way and just say , literally , what she does :
Well , she gets up in the morning , gets dressed with assistance , eats a breakfast someone has prepared for her , then takes half her daily allotment of epilepsy pills ( usually around a dozen , and yet she still has seizures ) .
After that she goes to a day program where she paints pottery with watercolors and asks everyone in sight what time they woke up and whether or not they took a shower , because those are her two favorite topics of conversation .
Then she comes home , takes a nap , eats a dinner someone has prepared for her , watches a Barney the dinosaur video , listens to the same Whitney Houston mix tape she 's been listening to since the mid-80s , takes the rest of her pills , and goes to bed .
The next day she gets up and repeats the same routine all over again .
It is n't a bad life , but as is the case with most of us , it is n't a terribly remarkable one , either .
So in the end I just say she 's severely retarded , and whoever 's asking more or less gets the picture .
I ’ve been aware of the website Why Git is Better Than X for some time , and it ’s always irritated me .
This is my rebuttal .
Firstly , some context .
I ’m an avid Bazaar user .
I say this upfront because when I talk about revision control , I ’m always biased towards Bazaar .
Having said that , since the website , made by Scott Chacon , claims to exist because “ I seem to be spending a lot of time lately defending Gitsters against charges of fanboyism , bandwagonism and koolaid - thirst , ” I feel it ’s necessary to expose this website ’s fanboyism , bandwagonism and koolaid - thirst .
I ’ll try to be objective , but I think this website does a great deal of damage to Bazaar ’s reputation so I want to challenge it .
Here ’s the deal : Distributed version control systems ( DVCSes ) are awesome .
We all know that , and if you disagree , you ’re living in the 90s .
Why Git is Better Than X ( WGBTX ) makes a very good case for DVCSes , comparing the author ’s favourite DVCS , Git , against the previous decade ’s champion VCS , Subversion .
Git works very differently to Subversion , and the site does a good job highlighting the differences .
There ’s also Perforce , which I do n’t know much about , but I gather it ’s a crappy proprietary centralised VCS which is worse than Subversion in pretty much every way .
[ Edit : I got a lot of heat for the Perforce comments .
I admit , I know nothing about it so disregard my comments . ]
So WGBTX does a lot of Perforce bashing .
Unfortunately , the two other major DVCSes , Bazaar ( bzr ) and Mercurial ( hg ) get a lot of heat too , and in my opinion , for no good reason other than that they do n’t behave exactly like Git .
( Perhaps the site should be titled “ Why Git is more like Git than things that are not Git . ” )
So WGBTX is n’t an entirely bad site .
It makes a good case for DVCSes .
I just think that its comparisons between Git and Bzr / Hg have almost no merit , and therefore the site should be called “ Why distributed version control is better than centralised . ”
Not quite so catchy , though .
So here we go , a point - by - point rebuttal .
Cheap local branching
This is my biggest complaint .
The website claims that Git and only Git has “ cheap local branching ” , while Bazaar , Mercurial , Subversion and Perforce do not .
The fact is that cheap local branching is part of being a DVCS , and they all have ways of doing it .
They just are n’t the same as Git’s .
So I ’ll assume that Scott was unaware of Bazaar ’s “ shared repository ” feature ( ignorance rather than malice ) .
In Git , the basic unit of revision control is the “ repository ” .
When you do a git clone , you clone all or part of a remote repository ( you get some or all of its branches ) .
Branches live inside a repository .
When you do a git branch within the repository , it ’s very cheap because all of the branches inside a repo share their revision history .
That ’s all well and good , but it is n’t the only way to do it .
In Bazaar , the basic unit of revision control is the “ branch ” .
When you do a bzr branch , you clone a single branch .
Projects on Launchpad are n’t repositories , they ’re branches ( related branches are organised on Launchpad into projects , while on my personal computer , I organise them by directory — that ’s outside of the VCS ) .
The problem is that these “ branches ” do n’t share data , so making a bzr branch , even on the same file system , copies all of the branch history .
The solution in Bazaar is to create a “ shared repository ” .
It ’s very simple — bzr init - repo < dir > makes < dir > into a shared repository .
Any branches created in a descendent of that directory share revision history with one another .
I like this because Bazaar has no conceptual repository , it ’s just a transparent cache .
So I do n’t need to mentally deal with repositories vs branches , I just store my large projects in a shared repo , and it ’s all good .
So Bazaar does not have cheap local branching by default , but it ’s very easy to achieve .
Effectively the only difference with Git is that I am forced to create a shared repository for every branch , even if it ’s tiny .
I prefer this because I do n’t want shared repositories by default — only on large projects I am likely to have a lot of branches on .
On my PC , I probably have around 50 Bazaar branches for tiny projects .
I have two major projects which have a shared repository each , and a number of branches under that .
[ Edit : Jakub points out that the cost of the repository is only one factor — there ’s also the cost of the working tree , since every Bazaar branch has a separate working tree as well .
I explain in the comments below how to work around this in Bazaar , but I admit it would be nicer if Bazaar had a simpler way of handling this . ]
I have n’t used Mercurial , but this page indicates that the basic “ clone ” command does a full expensive branch , while the “ branch ” command does a cheap local branch .
So this argument only applies to non-distributed VCSes .
Everything is local
No issue — only an argument against non-distributed VCSes .
Git is fast
Yes it is , but .. is this even worth mentioning ?
Local operations in any VCS are practically instantaneous .
In my own experiments , I found that Git was around about 10 times faster than Bazaar. 10 times in this case meaning 0.02 seconds versus 0.2 seconds .
I ’m perfectly happy with a 0.2 second local commit time .
Remote operations are what takes the real time .
And these are governed by the network latency , not the speed of the implementation .
Despite the claim that Subversion is so slow it is n’t worth measuring , this assumes that all work is done locally .
Of course , even DVCS users need to do remote commands some times .
The real issue here is with the ridiculous times listed for Bazaar .
Maybe this was measured a long time ago when Bazaar was slower ( I gather it ’s been improved a lot ) .
But really , 14 seconds for a bzr status or bzr diff ?
What changeset was this run on ??
The page gives no details .
I repeated all of the experiments myself as closely as I could ( I used the same Django repository ) .
My results are attached to this post .
I tried , as Scott suggested , adding 2000 files for testing the add , status , diff and commit commands .
For Bazaar , add took 1.5 seconds , status and diff took around 0.5 seconds , and commit took around 3 seconds .
In Git , add took 2.8 seconds ( as Scott noted , Git add is slow for some reason [ Edit : Jakub points out that git add is actually copying the files into the repository , not just intending to add them later ] ) , status took around 0.3 seconds , diff did n’t show the added files , and commit took around 0.4 seconds .
So Bazaar is slower , but it really wo n’t affect your work .
Also I suspect the branch figures suffer the same issue as the “ Cheap local branching ” issue — I assume the git branch of 1.16 seconds was a cheap local branch , while the bzr branch of 82 seconds was an expensive copy , because Scott did n’t use the “ shared repository ” feature .
So this is comparing apples with oranges .
I ran a branching test — without using shared repositories , git clone took 5.5 seconds ; bzr branch took 31 seconds ( though I should note that one can also copy a non-shared bzr branch using cp - a , which took 3.2 seconds ) .
For creating a branch within a shared repository , git took 0.01 seconds , while bzr took 7.3 seconds .
Again ,
Git is still faster , but Bazaar is nowhere near as slow as Scott is reporting .
[ Edit :
The bzr branch command does more than Git ; it creates a separate working tree .
You can avoid this by running bzr branch –no - tree , and work in the branch by ‘ switching ’ some other checkout to it , if you like .
That should be faster . ]
Git is small
[ Edit : Scott has removed “ bzr ” from this category , but still reports the old Bazaar figures . ]
This figure may have changed since Scott reported it , but Bazaar now has better branching formats .
When I ran this test , I found Bazaar to be ( just ) smaller than Git .
For Git , the Django repository is now 27MB ( Scott reported 24MB , presumably awhile ago ) .
The entire directory is 53MB .
For Bazaar , the Django repository is 24MB ( Scott reported 45 MB ) .
The entire directory is 50MB .
So Bazaar is now the title holder for smallest repository format .
I also wish to point out that because Bazaar offers a number of workflows , you can also use it in a “ lightweight checkout ” mode ( i.e. , non-distributed VCS ) .
If you just want to do a quick checkout , you can use bzr checkout –lightweight , which creates a Subversion - like branch .
You can do anything you can do with Bazaar , but like Subversion , any log , revert or commit actions are performed remotely .
In this mode , the Bazaar metadata alone is 672KB , and the entire directory is 27MB .
The staging area
Here is another case of “ Git is better than everything else because they do n’t do it Git ’s way . ”
Git has this “ staging area ” which means before you commit , you have to explicitly add each file ( not just the first time you create a file , but every time you commit to a file ) .
The advantage here is that you do n’t have to commit your entire working changeset , you can just commit some of the files .
You wo n’t accidentally commit changes to a file by accident , but then again , you could accidentally not commit a change you thought you were committing .
Also handy is that you can stage only part of your changes to a file , so you do n’t accidentally commit your debug prints , for example .
I personally think this is a very bad idea — I ’m already prone to forgetting to add files I just created .
I ’m sure if I used git I would often forget to add every file I wanted to commit .
But I can see why people like it .
As Scott points out , you can opt - out using git commit - a. I like the idea of a ) being able to selectively commit files , and b ) being able to commit only part of a file ’s changeset , but I think it should be opt - in , not opt - out .
Firstly , obviously , all VCSes , even CVS and Subversion , let you selectively commit files .
You just have to explicitly list them on the ‘ commit ’ command - line .
So that ’s easy .
As for committing part of a file , Bazaar has a ( relatively new ) feature called the “ shelf ” .
I can type “ bzr shelve ” which brings up an interactive screen , very similar to git add , which lets me say Y/N for each change to each file .
Anything which I “ shelve ” is completely reverted ( no longer in the physical file ) , but it ’s stored on the “ shelf ” for later .
So if I want to commit only part of the file , I write “ bzr shelve ” , shelve all the things I do n’t want , commit , then write “ bzr unshelve ” to get them back .
The unshelve is great because it does a proper merge with the file as it is now .
This is more roundabout for Git users used to just selectively adding , but it ’s more powerful , because I will often wish to shelve a change for a long time , perhaps even days .
If I ’ve got a “ mini- feature ” which does n’t warrant a branch , but is n’t finished , I might just kick it out the way onto the shelf , do more work , then unshelve later ( giving me a merge ) .
In that sense , it ’s almost like a mini- branch .
The point is , Git is n’t the only VCS with this feature , it ’s just implemented differently elsewhere .
Mercurial does n’t seem to have shelving built into it , but there is a ShelveExtension which you can add to Mercurial to give it the same feature as Bazaar .
[ Edit : I got some comments which show that the Git community sees partial commits as much more natural than shelve / commit / unshelve .
I will state clearly that I strongly disagree with that view .
In my view committing something which is not * exactly * the current working tree is asking for trouble .
If you run your code through a test suite and it passes , then you commit some but not all of your changes in the current working tree , then you are * committing untested code * .
You may think that you are including only the important changes , but programs are complex .
Some part of the code which you did n’t explicitly commit may actually be necessary for the other changes to work .
It ’s not as easy , doing it the shelve / stash way , but this workflow is the only way to ensure you are committing tested code :
1. bzr shelve
2 . Run test suite
3. bzr commit
4. bzr unshelve
Also ,
Git does have a shelve command as well – git stash .
I would recommend that over partial commits . ]
Distributed
No issue — only an argument against non-distributed VCSes .
Any workflow
This is probably my biggest gripe with the site .
It only claims this is an advantage Git has over Subversion and Perforce , so it is n’t bashing Bazaar / Mercurial .
But in my opinion , this is a weakness of Git .
Git users have told me they are proud of their distributed - only model .
In my experience , “ Any workflow ” is a major strength of Bazaar , which it wields over Git , Mercurial , Subversion and Perforce .
In the Bazaar manual is a list of workflows .
This is the really cool thing about Bazaar .
Basically , being distributed is awesome .
Being able to work locally is great , being able to commit locally and send changes to a server later is great , not even having a server is great also .
But those are just some of the workflows which I have in my everyday job .
It turns out that , for me at least , most of the time I am using Bazaar like Subversion .
I am working in a close team of a handful of people on a project , and we are all making close changes which could , from one minute to another , conflict .
We ca n’t afford to be each working on our own separate branches and occasionally push our changes to the server and see if they conflict .
We all want to be working with the latest version at all times .
That ’s the good old fashioned Subversion model .
Does this make me a bad DVCS citizen ?
I do n’t think so … because at any time I can whip out a new branch , do a bunch of local commits , merge from trunk , then push .
Or be working on the train , and do a merge when I get to the office .
I do all of these things .
With Bazaar , I can effortlessly switch between workflows , and I love it .
The basic feature Bazaar offers here is bound mode .
If I enter bound mode ( either by doing a “ bzr checkout ” instead of “ bzr branch ” , or by typing “ bzr bind ” at any time ) , my local branch is synched to a remote branch .
I still have the full history locally , but if I do a commit , it will first check that my branch is up to date , then commit remotely first , and finally apply the commit locally .
This “ lock - step ” development model is often perfect because we never have to do merges .
Despite what WGBTX says , Git does n’t really offer a “ Subversion - style ” workflow .
If you want to work that way , you have to commit locally , then try a push , and if someone has pushed since you last pulled , you must merge and ( as style dictates ) rebase .
GitHub
GitHub is great , but every open VCS has its own free development communities .
Bazaar has Launchpad ( apparently Scott took Bazaar off the list of things Git is better than for this category because Launchpad has a large community — all of Ubuntu for starters ) .
Mercurial has BitBucket .
Subversion has heaps — SourceForge and Google Code for starters .
Perforce is proprietary crap so who cares .
I know Scott has already come under fire about bashing Bitbucket , and he retracted some comments .
But Hg is still listed as a “ Git is better than ” in this category .
Apparently not because it ’s easier to get Git hosting than Mercurial hosting , but because “ This social aspect of GitHub [ that it has a larger community ] is the killer . ”
I personally do n’t see that as a significant advantage — if people want to develop for your project , they wo n’t care what hosting service you ’re using .
And it is n’t an advantage of Git at all .
Easy to learn
Apparently a reason why Git is better than Perforce .
I disagree , but I ’m very biased .
As someone who switched from Subversion to Bazaar , I must say it was extremely easy .
Getting my head around the branching and so on was tricky , but at least Bazaar gave me the gentle learning curve , since I could operate in bound mode and it felt exactly like Subversion .
This learning curve should not be underestimated .
If you ’re working with Bazaar , it ’s very easy for someone with Subversion skills to join your project .
You can just tell them , “ do a checkout , stay bound , and just do everything the same way as Subversion . ”
This simply is n’t true with Git , because you have to learn all about branching , merging , rebasing , using SHA - 1 hashes for revision IDs , etc , on your first day .
Showing that Git has the same commands as Mercurial is a pathetic argument , since they behave quite differently .
That ’s it
Apologies if some of these words are harsh .
It ’s just that I ’ve spent a lot of time defending Bazaar against the Gitsters .
It really annoyed me seeing this frankly quite ignorant , or at the very least , out of date , website .
I find that most people who ’ve used Git try to convince me of how much better it is than Subversion .
I tell them that I agree , but I use Bazaar .
The problem is , they ’ve never tried it .
I have n’t really said much about why Bazaar is better than Git in this post .
I plan to do some follow - ups which are hopefully more technical than argumentative .
Please comment if you think I ’ve got anything wrong .
I ’m not a Git / Mercurial user , so I ’d be happy if you taught me something .
Prints an arbitrary number of ASCII dicks ( default is 5 ) .
A+. 29 is a personal interest + design - link reference blog .
Feel free to refer & enjoy the content !
One of the great pleasures of reading comics is finding an ideal marriage between writer and character .
Greg Rucka just plain gets Wonder Woman , and his affection for the character is palpable in the three - issue Blackest Night tie - in .
The first issue , featuring an Arlington Cemetery confrontation with a zombie - fied Maxwell Lord was good , but # 2 sent me into a texting / e- mailing fangirl frenzy .
[ Spoilers ahead ] .
This issue goes deeper into the smackdown between a Black Lantern ring - possessed Wonder Woman and Mera , shown briefly in Blackest Night # 6 .
The dialogue between these two royal superheriones is appropriately brutal , like something out of “ Justice League Heathers . ”
When a rage - filled Mera schools Diana that “ No queen takes orders from a princess , ” Black Lantern Wondy is all , “ Queen of what ?
Bitch , please .
Everybody you love is dead , so bite me . ”
Or words to that effect .
Wonder Woman struggles to free herself from the ring ’s evil influence , and basically wills Mera to kill her if that ’s what it takes to make her stop .
It ’s one thing to tell readers that Diana ’s heroism is rooted in love and goodness , but Rucka has always done a particularly good job of showing it without making her seem sappy .
If you ’re the kind of person who tends to flip ahead and read a story out of order , do n’t .
All the Oh , Snap ! moments — and there are several — really need to be experienced in order .
( As someone who never warmed to Cassie Sandsmark , I confess to enjoying her Mean Girl treatment , courtesy of Donna Troy . )
V gave me strict orders not to skip to the end , which would have ruined the money shot of Wonder Woman in a passionate liplock with … well , let ’s just say it ’s someone I ’ve wanted her to hook up with for years .
And he ’s not from Smallville .
This is easily one of the better Blackest Night tie - in stories that I ’ve read so far , and Nicola Scott ’s art more than rises to the occasion .
It almost makes up for that Star Sapphire costume craziness .
Almost .
“ We can make him disappear ”
America ’s secret prisons for undocumented immigrants
By Andrew Joad
1 February 2010
There are at least 186 secret detention centers maintained by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency ( ICE ) within the borders of the US , according to an article published in the Nation magazine in December .
Drawing on a report by Amnesty International ( AI ) entitled “ Jailed without Justice , ” it estimates that 415,000 people have been held at these facilities , which are operated under the authority of the Department of Homeland Security as so - called “ sub - field offices ” of the ICE .
Their purpose is to deny undocumented immigrants due process and any means by which they can effectively lobby for their rights .
“ If you do n’t have enough evidence to charge someone criminally but you think he ’s illegal , we can make him disappear , ” explained ICE Executive Director for the Office of State and Local Coordination James Pendergraph at an August 2008 police and sheriffs ’ conference , according to the AI report .
In October 2009 an assistant to Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano first revealed the existence of the secret prisons to the secretary , without making the locations public .
The author of the December 16 article in the Nation , Jacqueline Stevens , obtained “ a partial list ” of the secret facilities from an ICE officer .
These prisons include unmarked rooms without beds , showers , toilets , or windows in office parks and commercial building spaces .
Stevens reports that some 84 percent of persons arrested by ICE are at first “ housed ” in such sub - field offices .
For example , according to her article and Ahilan Arulanantham , director of Immigrants ’ Rights and National Security at the ACLU of Southern California , an underground parking ramp at a federal building in Los Angeles is called B18 and houses up to 100 immigrants a day without any hygiene , medical , or legal services .
Legal professionals struggling to assist these people found captives chained together .
They are continuously rotated between the below - ground parking ramp detention pen and locals jails , to which they are transported in unlabeled and windowless vans .
This makes it extremely difficult to establish the identity or whereabouts of those being held .
Relatives and attorneys have searched for family members for weeks and months to no avail .
In her article , Stevens reviews the case of Mark Lyttle , who has bipolar disorder and a learning disability .
He was 31 years old when he was held at a Cary , North Carolina in an unmarked “ sub - field ” office in “ an office park adjacent to gated communities , large artificial ponds and an Oxford University Press production plant . ”
He had been snatched out of “ the medical misdemeanor section of a nearby prison ” by ICE agents and spent his time in detention begging officials not to ship him to Mexico .
The ICE file from the FBI reportedly identified Lyttle as a US citizen .
He was initially denied a hearing before an immigration judge , until he landed in Lumpkin , Georgia , where agents arranged for him to appear before the court .
He had no legal representation and the judge , a former ICE prosecutor , “ ignored Lyttle ’s pleas … and signed his removal orders . ”
His panicked mother and two brothers searched the Cary area obituary columns before they discovered that he was spending Christmas in “ a shelter for los deportados ( the deported ) ” in Mexico .
Conditions in the secret jails described in the AI report bear similarity to many of the illegal detention facilities maintained by the US overseas .
Indeed , an attorney working for a detained immigrant compared the jails and the treatment of his client to Washington ’s program of extraordinary rendition .
“ Jailed without Justice ” identifies at least 90 people who have died in these facilities either due to abuse suffered while in captivity or medical conditions that were left unattended .
The following incident , which had initially been reported in May 2008 by the Washington Post , was recounted in the AI report .
“ Geovanny Garcia - Mejia , 27 , from Honduras , died on March 18 , 2006 .
He was detained at the Newton County Correctional Center in Texas .
He had been placed in a medical unit , where he was found writing on the floor with his blood , internal records show .
But he was returned to the jail ’s general population after a psychologist wrote in his chart , ‘ No idea why he is in suicide cell . ’
He hanged himself 12 days later , on his 27th birthday .
The local sheriff concluded that guards who should have been checking him every 15 minutes ‘ made no rounds through the night ... ’ ”
Mexico , El Salvador , Guatemala , the Philippines and China are the top five countries of origin for immigrants trapped in the ICE ’s detention pens .
Officials take advantage of individuals ’ lack of English - language skills in order to deny them due process and / or terrorize them into accepting deportation .
The mental anguish created by the conditions of detention drives many to despair .
“ Jailed without Justice ” told the story of a 34 - year - old Mexican woman arrested in front of her home and in the presence of her autistic three - year old , US - born son on a petty theft charge by local police .
She was jailed for 24 days .
She spoke no English , and while being interviewed by an ICE official , was urged to promptly accept deportation .
In the course of her detention , fearing permanent separation from her family and loss of her child , she attempted to hang herself .
For family members , efforts to secure the release of their loved ones and fight deportation often entail huge expenditures .
For example , AI reported the story of an Indian man who fled to the US in 1999 after being imprisoned and tortured several times for “ political activities . ”
In 2006 the ICE detained him and demanded a $ 15,000 bond for his release .
His wife arranged the payment with a bondsman while her husband applied for asylum .
Upon his release , he appeared , as required , at all his immigration hearings for over two years .
After his final hearing , at which he testified as to the details of his torture , the ICE re-arrested the man and hauled him before a second immigration judge , who demanded another bond payment of $ 80,000 .
The man ’s family and friends tapped their credit cards and mortgaged their homes in order to fork over this sum .
Immigrant incarceration in the US has risen dramatically in the last ten years , from a “ daily detention capacity ” of 10,000 in 1996 to over 30,000 presently .
The Obama administration has continued the policy of its predecessors in this regard .
The rise in immigrant incarceration over the past 15 years has been so dramatic that authorities have had to contract out the process to some 350 county and state jails .
AI estimates that about 67 percent of incarcerated detainees are jailed in these facilities , with the remainder put in the secret immigration pens and facilities run by for - profit contractors , whose reimbursement is said to be between $ 60 - $ 90 per person a day .
The running of these facilities is increasingly becoming a source of revenue for cash - strapped local governments .
As noted in an article in the Denver Post last April , “ El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa has tapped a new source of revenue : illegal immigrants . ”
The sheriff is leasing jail space to ICE for an average of 150 immigrants a night .
He has sent some 17 of his deputies to Pendergraph ’s departmental training school to learn how to “ initiate deportations without waiting for federal agents . ”
ICE is reportedly paying $ 62.40 per night per immigrant , plus transport mileage , netting the jail 10 percent of its annual budget and El Paso County $ 3.6 million .
The conditions in immigrant detention centers are leading to mounting anger and desperate actions inside the facilities .
On January 19 , ICE detainees at the Varick Federal Detention Center in Lower Manhattan went on a hunger strike .
According to the New York Times , a Jamaican detainee in one dorm at Varick reported that “ all hell broke loose ” at the facility , with inmates refusing to follow scheduling protocols and passing out fliers protesting detention policies and practices .
An ICE SWAT team arrived and used pepper spray and beatings to put an end to the protest , which apparently was inspired by inmates finding out about similar protests occurring at other facilities .
Some people were put in isolation , while others were moved to detention centers in other states .
The Department of Homeland Security issued its customary denial of detainee abuse .
He is not immediately in line to the throne .
However , he has considerable sway as managing director of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority which , with assets estimated at between $ 300bn and $ 800bn , is considered the biggest wealth fund of its type in the world .
Get ready for the Muppet Babies version of Star Wars .
Lucas is rumored to be gearing up for yet another Star Wars show , but this time it 's for the even younger kids .
We believe it 's called " Lucas Wants More Money . "
Advertisement
IESB is reporting that George Lucas beginning pre-production on another animated SW series .
But this time it's for pre-scoolers and Kindergarteners .
Rumor has it , the toy line Star Wars : Galactic Heroes is what they are basing the premise around .
And the working title is " Squishies . "
So yay we may be seeing baby Jabba fight with Baby Han over who gets to ride in the kids seat in the new speeder .
Gross .
Advertisement
Let 's hope this is all just talk , but knowing Lucas and his passion for the green , we would n't be surprised .
Nassim Nicholas
Taleb defines black swans as events that :
Are totally unpredictable by mortal minds .
Have a disproportionately large impact .
Have retroactive predictability imposed on them through the foresight of 20/20 hindsight .
Taleb frequently points to the outbreak of World War I as an example of a black swan .
He scoffs at historical accounts that present the outbreak as the result of trends that built up over the preceding decades , dismissing them as manifestations of the narrative fallacy :
Narrative fallacy : our need to fit a story or pattern to a series of connected or disconnected facts .
As evidence of the narrative fallacy in histories of World War I , Taleb cites Niall Ferguson ’s The Pity Of War on the failure of bond investors to price the possibility of war into their trades right before the war broke out .
Ferguson now returns the favor in Complexity and Collapse , citing Taleb in his excoriation of historians who peddle epic theories of social collapse likeGiambattista Vico , Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel , Karl Marx , Oswald Spengler , Arnold Toynbee , Paul Kennedy , and Jared Diamond .
After any major historical event , Ferguson complains :
… historians arrive on the scene .
They are the scholars who specialize in the study of “ fat tail ” events — the low - frequency , high - impact moments that inhabit the tails of probability distributions , such as wars , revolutions , financial crashes , and imperial collapses .
But historians often misunderstand complexity in decoding these events .
They are trained to explain calamity in terms of long - term causes , often dating back decades .
This is what Nassim Taleb rightly condemned in The Black Swan as “ the narrative fallacy ” : the construction of psychologically satisfying stories on the principle of post hoc , ergo propter hoc .
Drawing casual inferences about causation is an age - old habit .
Take World War I .
A huge war breaks out in the summer of 1914 , to the great surprise of nearly everyone .
Before long , historians have devised a story line commensurate with the disaster : a treaty governing the neutrality of Belgium that was signed in 1839 , the waning of Ottoman power in the Balkans dating back to the 1870s , and malevolent Germans and the navy they began building in 1897 .
A contemporary version of this fallacy traces the 9/11 attacks back to the Egyptian government ’s 1966 execution of Sayyid Qutb , the Islamist writer who inspired the Muslim Brotherhood .
Most recently , the financial crisis that began in 2007 has been attributed to measures of financial deregulation taken in the United States in the 1980s .
Ferguson proclaims that the real truth is found in the opposite direction :
In reality , the proximate triggers of a crisis are often sufficient to explain the sudden shift from a good equilibrium to a bad mess .
Thus , World War I was actually caused by a series of diplomatic miscalculations in the summer of 1914 , the real origins of 9/11 lie in the politics of Saudi Arabia in the 1990s , and the financial crisis was principally due to errors in monetary policy by the U.S. Federal Reserve and to China ’s rapid accumulation of dollar reserves after 2001 .
Most of the fat - tail phenomena that historians study are not the climaxes of prolonged and deterministic story lines ; instead , they represent perturbations , and sometimes the complete breakdowns , of complex systems .
I ’m going to quibble with the Laurence A. Tisch Professor of History here .
It ’s true that you have little to no ability to predict the future on your own .
You ca n’t control what happens to you but you can control how you react to what happens to you .
So what controls your reaction ?
The same sort of narrative that Taleb calls a fallacy .
Narrative reduces personal experience to a linear progression where cause and effect seem to have a purposeful order .
These narratives can then be shared with others , leading to the best definition of history ever : history is a fable agreed upon .
Most personal narratives will never be the equivalent of the histories of Herodotus , Thucydides , or Gibbon ; or even the fables of Aesop , La Fontaine , or Orwell .
Most are simply humble habitual ways of thinking .
As habits of thought , such narratives largely control how you react to unfolding events , whether it ’s pricking your finger or waging a world war .
Once we recognize the high degree of control that narratives have on the actions of historical actors , the fundamental problem with Ferguson ’s critique is revealed : narratives are forged by the very “ long - term causes , often dating back decades ” that he dismisses in his article .
He underestimates the power of inertia : once past childhood , barring serious mental illness or brain trauma , narrative and the behavior it shapes keeps within a restricted range .
So narrative is present before a black swan , during a black swan , and after a black swan ( assuming you survive the black swan ) .
Black swans may shake the flow of a narrative to its foundations but they may also help confirm and even reinforce it .
Through such confirmation , you may come to see a black swan as more of an opportunity than a disruption .
You may get the chance to play your narrative out in real life .
Strategy is a reconciliation of cultural narrative , political power , and the outside world .
It is a narrative of narratives that somehow weaves these three threads into what at least seems like a coherent tapestry .
While the intent of some strategies is proactive and aimed at acquiring some selected degree of control over the future , in practice most strategies are reactive and aimed at maintaining a tenuous degree of control over the present .
An unpredictable kaleidoscope of black swans and more prosaic events passes before the strategist ’s eye until he sees some pattern that conforms to his narrative .
Then he strikes .
But nothing guarantees that the strategist ’s eye will be unerring .
Strategy is hit or miss , with the emphasis on miss .
While the course of events will continue to escape the control of mortal man , the strategist can maintain control of his reaction by maintaining control over his narrative .
This may be why Clausewitz elevates steadiness of character over every other virtue : the strategist who endures may be the strategist who triumphs .
Steady pursuit of a narrative may reveal more strategic opportunity than a constantly shifting narrative .
Let ’s return to Taleb ’s example of a black swan : the outbreak of World War I. Mr. and Mrs. Archduke Franz Ferdinand suffered a black swan .
But that black swan , as the summer of 1914 went on , suddenly aligned with the narratives of two men .
Together , these narratives combined to destroy Western civilization .
Count Leopold Anton Johann Sigismund Josef Korsinus Ferdinand Berchtold von und zu Ungarschitz , Frättling und Püllütz followed a narrative that Serbia had to be permanently cut down to size in order to strengthen the tottering Austro - Hungarian monarchy .
The Slavs of Austria - Hungary , unrepresented in a Dual Monarchy dominated by an alliance of Germans and Magyars , were restive .
They were especially restive in the newly annexed province of Bosnia - Herzegovina .
Neighboring Serbia wanted Bosnia for itself so elements of Serbian military intelligence , possibly with the connivance of the Serbian government , conspired to assassinate Franz Ferdinand through a terrorist proxy .
Through some good luck , they bagged the archduke , sparing the lives of many innocent animals .
Franz Ferdinand , a figure almost universally loathed within the imperial court , had finally done something useful .
His unforeseen death had created a series of events that strongly correlated with Berchtold ’s narrative .
With the assistance of Count Francis Conrad von Hötzendorf , whose anti-Serbian narrative was even stronger , Berchtold consulted with Imperial Germany .
More importantly , they consulted with the major villain of the piece .
Helmuth von Moltke ( the Younger ) is the single individual most responsible for World War I. Moltke , the Chief of the German General Staff , had the narrative : Russian military reorganization would be complete in the next few years and then Germany would be outnumbered on two fronts by the Franco - Russian alliance .
The Russian army would be larger , better armed , and better supported by a rapidly growing industrial base and economy .
Of even more concern , the western Russian rail network , paid for by French money and designed to bring millions of freshly mobilized Russian troops to the borders of Eastern Germany , would soon be completed .
In Moltke ’s narrative , Germany ’s strategic disadvantages relative to France and Russia were growing worse by the day .
Action was needed .
Conveniently , as a key part of his narrative , Moltke had a plan : the Moltke Plan .
The basic outlines of the Moltke Plan were inherited from Moltke ’s immediate predecessor , Count Alfred von Schlieffen .
Under the Moltke Plan , Germany would concentrate the bulk of its forces against France in the west , marching through Belgium to envelop the French army from the west .
The German army would play defense in the east until France was knocked out of the war .
Then German forces would be switched to the east to defeat Russia .
Millions of happy Germans would dance in the streets and pointy helmets would be all the rage with the ladies .
With this narrative , complete with official war plan , Moltke repeatedly proposed a preemptive war against Russia in the years leading up to 1914 .
Germany ’s civilian politicians turned him down every time .
But Berchtold had finally given Moltke ’s narrative the opportunity to be played out in real life .
Moltke gave Berchtold his full backing , anticipating that any potential Austro - Hungarian attack on Serbia would invite Russian intervention .
Russian intervention would be the excuse Moltke needed to have his preemptive war .
The Moltke Plan would be on .
Real life would follow Moltke ’s personal narrative .
With German assurances , Berchtold , the pawn in Moltke ’s narrative , manipulated the situation to force Serbia into a corner by giving them an ultimatum that would effectively reduce Serbia to an Austrian puppet .
Serbia accepted most of Berchtold ’s ultimatum but not all of it .
Affecting outrage , Austria declared war .
Berchtold had played out his narrative .
Now Moltke ’s narrative came to the fore .
Moltke had kept his superiors , especially Wilhelm II , in the dark concerning the exact details of his arrangement with Berchtold and the full implications of the Moltke Plan .
Moltke led Wilhelm and Chancellor Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg along until it was too late for them to do anything , even if they had wanted to .
When they tried to pull back , Moltke protested that stopping mobilization would throw off the General Staff ’s plan , a plan which he himself , of course , had drawn up , and leave Germany vulnerable to French and Russian attack .
The point of no return came .
Russia partially mobilized and Germany launched a full mobilization for the Moltke Plan .
France mobilized the next day and Germany declared war .
The dominoes began falling .
Both Berchtold and Moltke ’s narratives were forged by “ long - term causes , often dating back decades ” .
They were men with extensive life experience : in 1914 , Moltke was 66 and Berchtold was 51 .
Such men are usually set in their ways and their personal narratives rarely change .
Black swans are characteristic of Extremistan , a domain where small inputs yield large outputs .
This is not the world of the human brain .
The human brain lives in Mediocristan , where everything turns out average .
Taleb has an insightful axiom that history jumps instead of crawls .
Narratives , in their small , obscure , and highly localized corner do just the opposite : narratives crawl ; they do n’t jump .
While Ferguson ’s proximate causes can lead quickly to the breakdown of complex systems , states , and empires , they both feed and are fed by the narratives that the people caught up in events have accumulated over the years .
Though they are small and fleeting , it is through the marks they leave on narrative that long - term causes leave their mark on history .
Originally posted on The Committee of Public Safety .
NASA on Thursday launched the latest in its family of meteorological satellites , adding to a number of spacecraft that watch storm development and weather conditions on Earth .
The Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite - P ( GOES - P ) lifted off from Cape Canaveral in Florida at 6:57 pm ( 2357 GMT ) on board a Delta IV rocket .
It will reach a final destination of orbit at around 22,000 miles ( 35,406 kilometers ) above the Earth 's surface .
The satellite is the latest in a series of meteorological satellites designed to watch for storm development and weather conditions on Earth .
From its location in Earth orbit , GOES - P's instrumentation will supply data used in weather monitoring , forecasting and warnings .
It also will detect ocean and land temperatures , monitor space weather , relay communications and provide search - and - rescue support .
The satellite will also detect ocean and land temperatures , monitor space weather , relay communications and provide search - and - rescue support .
Of special note , its Solar X - Ray Imager ( SXI ) is essentially a soft X - ray telescope that is used to monitor solar conditions and activity .
Every minute the SXI captures an image of the sun 's atmosphere in X - rays , providing space weather forecasters with the necessary information in order to determine when to issue forecasts and alerts of conditions that may harm space and ground systems .
It represents the 15th of a number of satellites launched since 1975 .
GOES -P , to be launched for NASA and NOAA , is a United Launch Alliance commercial launch for Boeing Launch Services under a Federal Aviation Administration license .
La nuova cornice digitale Transcend PF830 è dotata di un display LCD da 8 " con cui visualizzare foto e video con nitidezza e ricchezza di dettagli .
Non solo : la ultima nata di casa Transcend riproduce anche file musicali ed è ricca di utili funzioni , quali orologio , sveglia e calendario .
Transcend arricchisce la propria linea di digital photo frame con PF830 , la cornice digitale con display da 8 ” , perfetta per visualizzare le proprie fotografie digitali con la stessa nitidezza e ricchezza di dettagli delle stampe di qualità .
Grazie alle forme arrotondate e alla finitura lucente impreziosita da un fine motivo esagonale , abbinate ad un design moderno , PF830 si sposa con qualsiasi tipo di arredamento ed soddisfa i gusti più diversi .
La PF830 vanta uno schermo LCD ad alta risoluzione ( 800x600 ) , capace di visualizzare in 4:3 le proprie immagini digitali senza distorsioni e che consente agli appassionati di fotografia di sfoggiare i propri scatti preferiti con una sorprendente brillantezza .
Non solo : la nuova cornice digitale Transcend permette anche di visualizzare video e di ascoltare musica , scegliendo tra diverse sorgenti , come chiavette USB , memory card o attraverso la memoria integrata del photo frame stesso .
Grazie ai 2GB di capacità interna , infatti , PF830 può memorizzare e visualizzare fino a 9000 immagini digitali senza dover ricorrere a memory card .
Per assicurare la massima compatibilità , la PF830 supporta le schede di memoria SD , SDHC , MMC , CF , microSD , M2 , MS , MS PRO , MS Duo , MS PRO Duo e MS PRO - HG Duo , e grazie all ’avanzata funzione di auto - play , consente agli utenti di visualizzare istantaneamente foto e video , dal momento in cui connettono la propria memory card alla cornice digitale .
La PF830 è inoltre equipaggiata dell ’ Automatic Orientation Sensor ( AOS ) e di un’interfaccia capace di adattare in modo automatico immagini e i menu a seconda della modalità ritratto o paesaggio .
Anche l’ultima arrivata Transcend include l’esclusivo NaturaTone ( elaboratore automatico del colore della pelle ) , per conferire ai propri scatti il miglior aspetto possibile .
Disponibile sia in nero che in bianco , la PF830 punta sul design lucente , l’interfaccia grafica intuitiva e le utili funzioni calendario , orologio e sveglia per essere un dispositivo accattivante e versatile che mantiene sempre vivi i ricordi più preziosi .
Il prezzo indicativo di PF830 è di 109,00 € IVA inclusa .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Justice Department report released last month on the crafting of the so - called torture memos contained a number of eyebrow - raising revelations — but none perhaps as intriguing as the disclosure that many of John Yoo ’s emails had been irretrievably destroyed .
Given that the former Justice Department political appointee played a key role in composing the legal rationale for the Bush administration ’s use of brutal interrogation tactics , this seemed suspicious , and Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) and others have pressed the agency to investigate .
But
Yoo has brushed aside concerns about his emails , and he has criticized those raising questions about the lost messages — including Leahy and Justice Department investigators — for their weak grasp on the “ basics of intelligence . ”
Yoo ’s own explanation for the missing emails , though , does n’t add up , and experts on government archiving and recordkeeping practices say his comments are misleading , if not “ nonsensical . ”
Following a years - long investigation , the Justice Department ’s internal watchdog , the Office of Professional Responsibility , sharply rebuked Yoo and former assistant attorney general Jay Bybee for cooking up flawed legal opinions justifying the Bush administration ’s enhanced interrogation program .
OPR revealed that during its review “ it became apparent … that relevant documents were missing . ”
Among them were “ most ” of Yoo ’s emails , which OPR investigators learned “ had been deleted and were not recoverable . ”
OPR reported that there was also a gap in the email records of another Justice Department official , Patrick Philbin , which coincides with the drafting of the one of the memos .
The destruction of the messages , at minimum , appears to breach the Federal Records Act , which requires the preservation of a variety of government documents , including emails .
But if the messages were intentionally destroyed , there could be criminal implications , too .
Leahy and the watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington have asked the Justice Department to determine whether a crime was committed .
During a Washington
Post online forum last week , Yoo — who ’s promoting his new book — was asked about the deleted emails .
Did he have “ any theories as to why those e-mails were not retrievable ” ?
Yoo replied that he was “ glad ” for the opportunity to set the record straight , and said the controversy was further evidence that OPR ’s investigation was “ biased . ”
He said he was unaware “ what happened , if anything , to any of my emails . ”
And besides ,
Yoo added , “ the claim that there would be emails about this shows a lack of understanding of the world of intelligence . ”
He went on to explain : “ The email system at the Justice Department is unsecured ; it can not be used to send classified emails .
DOJ attorneys could not have emailed each other about interrogation methods or other CIA matters on this email system because those issues are classified at the highest level of secrecy . ”
In an op - ed published earlier this month , Yoo made a similar case , blasting Leahy , in particular , for demanding answers about his deleted messages .
“ Leahy ’s outrage displays how little he and OPR understand the basics of intelligence , ” Yoo wrote .
But Yoo ’s explanation raises more questions than it answers .
Among other things , he does n’t address the disclosure that “ most ” of his emails were “ deleted ” — a separate issue from the methods Justice Department lawyers used to communicate on classified topics .
While
Yoo ’s right that classified material would n’t be sent over an unsecure network , that ’s no major revelation .
Such information would be routed through a classified email system , which is standard practice .
And if
Yoo is suggesting that he and his colleagues never discussed matters relating to the interrogation program via email , he ’s mistaken .
OPR ’s report cites examples of emails to and from Yoo , including one in which he asked whether a particular detainee was “ allergic to certain kinds of insects . ”
Alternately , maybe
Yoo ’s implying that classified messages would n’t have been preserved .
He declined a request to clarify his remarks , but Susan Cooper , a spokeswoman for the National Archives and Records Administration , points out that classified and unclassified records alike are subject to the same federal laws .
“ All information that ’s created is a record , ” she says .
Her agency , which is in charge of ensuring that federal agencies comply with their recordkeeping responsibilities , has asked the Justice Department to look into whether an “ unauthorized destruction ” of emails occurred .
And a Justice Department spokeswoman told Mother Jones on Monday that a “ review ” is underway to “ find out what happened ” to the emails of Yoo and Philbin .
( Currently a partner in the law firm of Kirland & Ellis , Philbin has remained mum about the deleted messages , and he did not respond to a request for comment ) .
Steven Aftergood , a government secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists , called Yoo ’s recent statements “ nonsensical . ”
OPR ’s investigators , he said , know “ perfectly well how the Justice Department email system works and what its limitations are .
The fact that they found a gap is significant . ”
Just how significant ?
Pending the outcome of the Justice Department ’s inquiry , we may soon find out .
The Cafe at On The Issues Online Magazine is deepening the conversations by continually adding the insights of progressive writers , thinkers and artists on the topics we address .
Check back frequently for new commentary .
If you wish to contribute to the Cafe , email cafe@ontheissuesmagazine.com .
We ’re now taking comments in The CAFE !
Join the discussion .
Back to Cafe Home
Women Hold Demonstrations For Liberation in Iran and Afghanistan
by Carol Downer
The women of Iran and Afghanistan used International Women�s Day this year to carry forward their struggle for the liberation of women in their countries .
They raised their voices in demonstrations in London , Los Angeles , and elsewhere .
Susann G. , an Iranian woman now living in Germany , said the mass demonstrations in Iran in the past year created a new opportunities for progressive forces and those working for the liberation of women .
� Something has happened , � said Susann G. � Even though the opposition candidate , Mussavi , supported the Islamic Republic of Iran , we need to do what we can to force an even greater change . �
On March 7 in London , the women�s organization , 8 Mars sponsored a demonstration in front of the Islamic Republic of Iran ( IRI ) to protest 31 years of anti-woman policies by the Islamic Republic , as well as to support the � Women Warriors in the Streets of Tehran � who joined in protests against alleged electoral fraud last year .
Many women in Iran were imprisoned or injured -- some even killed .
Around Europe and in Canada , similar demonstrations were sponsored by Karzar , groups of Iranian and Afghani expatriate women .
On March 6 a delegate from the 8 Mars organization traveled to Los Angeles to help the International Women�s Day Los Angeles Coalition organize an anti-Islamic Republic of Iran and anti-U.S. imperialism event .
The Los Angeles demonstration was held in a small square in the center of Westwood near the large community of Iranian - Americans who came to the United States when the Shah was driven out in 1979 by a popular revolution .
Speakers reminded participants that Iran once had a democratic government and women were able to participate fully in the society , but that in 1953 the United States CIA destabilized the government , enabling the return of the autocratic regime of Shah Reza Pahlevi .
The Shah imprisoned and tortured all who opposed him .
After more than 20 years of despotism , the people of Iran rose up in revolution .
Susann G. , one of the speakers , was a Communist arrested in Iran , along with her husband , for activities to protest the anti-democratic policies of the Islamic fundamentalist state headed by Ayotollah Khomeini .
Khomeini forced Iranian women to go back to wearing � Hejab� or the veil .
Susann G. was imprisoned for three years ; her husband was executed .
Her children were in her in - laws � custody , and she emigrated to Germany , where she is now a citizen .
She described how the U.S. and other western powers , unless opposed by their citizens , will try to benefit from the present upheaval in Iran .
She mocked U.S. leaders , such as former President George W. Bush , who seek to exert control in the Middle East and to exploit the region�s resources , while sometimes justifying their actions as liberating women .
The members of Karzar , Susann G.�s group , are meeting to formulate new theses that clarify the relationship between women�s oppression and the subjugation of labor in the drive to accumulate wealth , she said .
While they think that the only path for the liberation of women is through socialist revolutions , they believe that the elimination of traditional ideas and property relations must be achieved through solving contradictions between workers and peasants , city and rural dwellers , workers in �mental � and manual employment , and women and men .
Various Los Angeles feminist groups are part of the ongoing coalition that has organized International Women�s Day marches this year and in the past to support Iranian women .
These feminists are working with 8 Mars and other groups to fight the oppression of women in all countries , no matter how different a form it might take .
March 16 , 2010
Back to Cafe Home
Carol Downer is a co-founder of the Feminist Women�s Health Center in 1973 in Los Angeles .
She co-authored and is editor of several books on women�s health care , notably " A New View of a Woman�s Body . "
She is an attorney and a member of the board of Women�s Health Specialists in Chico , California .
Listen to a song of liberation for women by Gissoo Shakeri .
Also see � Iranian Women Today � Fighting Two Enemies � by Mary Lou Greenberg in the April 2008 edition of On The Issues Magazine .
� A Sacrificial Light : Self - Immolation in Tajrish Square , Tehran� by Martha Shelley in the Fall 1994 edition of On The Issues Magazine .
Comments
Join the conversation .
Leave a comment .
All comments will be reviewed before being published .
This is a space for thoughtful and critical commentary ; any personal attacks , abusive or offensive language , off - topic comments or comments that may be harmful to the conversation or to readers will not be published .
* All fields required .*
Strategy AI v0.2 :
- Update -
Strategy AI v0.21 ( 3 different levels included in . Zip file ) :
This AI was coded by a Chinese modder , XPL .
IMO , it 's the most impressive AI by far .
Even if you 're good , you 'll be challenged .
He coded it to react / build appropriately for every single matchup ( 9 total ) , in addition to coding specific instructions for each race .
It does NOT resource cheat , but it does have vision .
It should n't matter much though , the AI in SC1 always had full vis .
Hell , with the amount of maphacking going on in SC1 , at one point I think almost everyone had full vis .
lol IMO , it 's pretty sad for a person to use maphacks , but for an AI , it 's the least you can do to give them some sort of a small handicap .
*This is the same AI as in Jason Born 's post - kudos to him for finding it !
I just uploaded the entire Base .
SC2 Data file to make it easier .
A construction worker sneered to a male reporter , " If you were a woman , then . ... "
He got up anyway .
Another woman , who sprang up from her seat , twice asked the reporter , who kept her eyes fixed on the ground , if she was O.K .
Dr. Milgram , who died in 1984 at age 51 , got the idea for the experiment from a conversation with his mother - in - law , who complained to him one day that no one had offered her a seat on the subway .
" It occurred to me : What would have happened had she asked for a seat ? " he said in a 1974 interview in the magazine Psychology Today .
He suggested the experiment to one of his graduate student classes , but the students recoiled .
Finally , one student , Ira Goodman , volunteered to try it with a partner .
But instead of coming back after 20 trials as he had promised , he returned with only 14 .
When Dr. Milgram asked him what had happened , he said that it was just too difficult .
Dismissing his students ' fears , Dr. Milgram set out to try it himself .
But when he approached his first seated passenger , he found himself frozen .
" The words seemed lodged in my trachea and would simply not emerge , " he said in the interview .
Retreating , he berated himself : ' What kind of craven coward are you ? "
A few unsuccessful tries later , he managed to choke out a request .
" Taking the man 's seat , I was overwhelmed by the need to behave in a way that would justify my request , " he said .
" My head sank between my knees , and I could feel my face blanching .
I was not role - playing .
I actually felt as if I were going to perish . "
'' While I accept from the papers that you did not ply him with drink , the fact of the matter is that to allow a 12 - year - old boy to drink , such that he did become intoxicated , is in my judgment shameful . ''
Mall girls interviewed here say that after choosing a benefactor , they follow him into a shop , and seduce him by trying on clothes .
Sex is exchanged only for an agreed item like a blouse , never for cash .
It usually takes place in the stalls of restrooms at the mall or in a car in the parking lot — a fact that has prompted intensified security at malls and forced mall girls to seek alternate locations , including nightclubs .
On a recent night at Space , a dance club that is a favorite of mall girls , dozens of teens in body - hugging black outfits gyrated to Polish hip - hop , accompanied by much older men , buying them $ 13 cocktails .
“ Life is expensive in Warsaw , ” said Sylwia , a jobless 18 - year - old who declined to give her last name , as she caressed the leg of a 31 - year - old man she had just met .
Ms. Roslaniec called mall girls the daughters of capitalism .
“ Parents have lost themselves in the race after a new washing machine or car and are rarely home , ” she said .
“ A 14 - year - old girl needs a system of values that ca n’t be shaped without the guidance of parents .
The result is that these girls live in a world where there are no feelings , just cold calculation . ”
According to a recent study commissioned by the Ombudsman for Children in Poland , 20 percent of teenage prostitutes in Poland sell their bodies for designer clothes , fancy gadgets or concert tickets .
Girls on average enter the sex trade at age 15 ; boys at 14 .
Image Poland actress Anna Karczmarzyk from the Polish movie “ Galerianki . ” Credit ... Adam Lach for The New York Times
Some critics complain that the film offers an idealized , glamorized version of the sex business .
Monika Siuchta , a social worker , noted that real - life teenage prostitutes were often sexually abused , abandoned by their families and looked disheveled and neglected , despite their incongruous gold accessories .
Adam Bogoryja - Zakrzewski , who made a documentary about mall girls , said the phenomenon had laid bare the extent to which the powerful Polish Catholic church — anti-abortion , anti-gay and anti-contraception — was out of touch with many members of the younger generation , for whom sex , alcohol and consumerism held more appeal .
“ The shopping mall has become the new cathedral in Poland , ” he said .
Los Angeles County officials Tuesday rebuffed demands from an AIDS activist group that the county ’s public health officials take immediate action to require performers in porn films to wear condoms .
An earlier version of this post carried the headline “ L.A. County can't require condoms for porn actors , officials say . ”
As the post notes , county health officials said it would be difficult or costly to carry out such a policy .
The headline has been updated to reflect that .
County officials said the California Legislature would need to approve legislation that would require condom use for pornography shoots .
They said it would be difficult to try to regulate the porn industry through the county 's Public Health Department .
" It is very , very difficult to implement .
There are roughly 200 production companies with about ... 1,200 actors , ” said Dr. Jonathan Fielding , the county 's public health chief .
“ All you need is a room and a camera and a bed , basically , to do this kind of shoot , and we have no ability to police this . ”
Fielding said that it would be difficult for public health officials to prove if the movies were produced in L.A.
County or elsewhere , as producers often do not apply for filming licenses .
In a memo to supervisors on Sept. 17 , health officials warned such an effort would be costly , as the public health department would need to identify filming sites and monitor compliance , which would require significant staff time .
Last year same time , a die - hard Arsenal fan committed suicide after Manchester United eliminated Arsenal from the UEFA Champions League .
The intense rivalry between English Premier League top clubs among the Kenyans has left in its wake a teenager – a Manchester United fan – nursing serious stomach injury after a supporter of Arsenal stabbed him repeatedly following a fight over their favourite teams ’ standings in the league .
Abubakar Baishe , 19 , was stabbed in the lower left side of the abdomen when an argument ensued with his schoolmate ( name withheld ) after the game pitting Manchester United and Liverpool ended last Sunday .
After the attack , the 20 - year - old assailant is said to have fled to the neighbouring country of Tanzania .
This sad incident comes just a year after an Arsenal fan committed suicide in Nairobi in the wake of his team ’s elimination from the UEFA Champions league by to Manchester United .
The body of Suleiman Omondi , clad in an Arsenal T - shirt , was found dangling from the ceiling of his room after he went home in utter bitterness following the Gunners ’ Champions League humiliation at the Emirates .
According to Baishe ’s father , the assailant fled soon after the attack and left him bleeding profusely .
A pedestrian who saw him lying in a pool of blood raised the alarm and his rescuers managed to hire a speed boat that took him to hospital , arriving three hours later .
A team of doctors led by King Fahd Hospital superintendent Dr Nurein Muhidin carried out a major operation on the victim in Lamu District on Wednesday and managed to safely restore protruding intestines to their proper position .
“ There was an intestine perforation of at least 2.0 centimetres , and we had to carry out major surgery to correct the situation .
He is currently out of danger , ” Dr Muhidin told the Sunday Nation on the phone from the hospital .
Dr Muhidin said that Baishe who is a Form Two student at Kizingitini Secondary School , was in serious condition when he was taken to hospital .
“ His condition has greatly improved , ” he said .
Hussein Miji , a family friend , told the Sunday Nation that the two boys had earlier in the day joined their colleagues in a friendly match between Kizingitini and Chundwa villages in Lamu District , Coast Province .
The two young men played for their Kizingitini team , which won the match .
Yusuf Baishe , the victim ’s father , is yet to come to terms with the close shave his son has had , all for the love of football .
To complicate matters , the assailant is a relative and his son ’s classmate .
This , according to the senior Mr Baishe , limits his options regarding the course of action to take against his son ’s attacker .
“ This is mere childishness as we adults cannot turn on each other with a knife ; not for the sake of the English Premier League going on in a far - away continent , ” he said .
Mr Baishe , an employee of the planning department at Lamu County Council , said the two boys were reportedly embroiled in a serious debate as to who between Manchester United and Arsenal would clinch this season ’s premier league trophy .
“ But my son took it just as a mere debate usually exchanged by die - hard fans across the globe , only for his colleague to turn his anger on him with a pen knife he was carrying , ” he said .
Arsenal and Manchester United are the two most popular clubs in Kenya with Chelsea and Liverpool coming a distant third and fourth .
The other premier league clubs hardily enjoy any support in the county .
The rivalry between the Gunners and the Red Devils is so intense such that whenever the two are in action , fans turn up in large numbers to watch the games in pubs , entertainment spots and halls that have sprung all over the country for purposes of screening the games live to massive supporters who pay per view .
Despite Arsenal commanding a better fan base than Manchester United , the Gunners have suffered four years of torment from the Red Devils die - hards who never wastes time to remind them of their annual dusty trophy less cabinet .
Arsenal ’s league misadventure is also a bane for businessmen because whenever the team loses the title focus , the pubs and other places miss the massive clientele .
The fans disappear because it is only the extremely courageous ‘ Gooner ’ who can withstand the torrent of ridicule from the Devils ’ mouths .
A typical rejoinder to arsenal fans ’ consolation that the team plays beautiful football is the disclaimer that their sex game is akin to engaging in too much foreplay without any penetration !
Such is the life of an Arsenal supporter in Kenya , and why they have developed short fuses in the recent past .
A spindly , beautiful woman is extended on a chaise lounge in an immaculate ruffled dress .
Advertisement
She is paging idly through an antique book when a floating trail of sparkly light interrupts her reading .
She follows the glow up the staircase of the manse and into a room marked by fresh roses and enchanting music , where she twirls luxuriously and pets her own hair .
A shining perfume bottle appears , suspended in the air .
It turns magnificently to reveal its label : " CERVICAL CANCER . "
" Maybe it 's unfair to get your attention this way , " a narrator admits .
" But nothing is fair about cervical cancer . "
When it comes to marketing products related to women's health , anything is fair game - as long as your sexist tropes are dispatched in the name of " awareness . "
Advertisement
The frilly cancer awareness ad is produced by GlaxoSmithKline , the pharmaceutical company behind HPV vaccine Cervarix , an alternative to Gardasil that was approved by the FDA last October and is already in heavy use in the UK .
The premise of the new ad is that it 's unfair to lure women into cervical cancer awareness with shiny things - but cervical cancer awareness is so important that it just does n't matter how offensively sexist that premise is .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The pinkification of women 's health is nothing new , of course .
Breast cancer awareness promoters have long engaged in the deep feminization of women 's health .
Breast cancer is now inextricably linked to such enduring symbols of femininity as pink ribbons , flowers , butterflies , angels , teddy bears , cartoon penguins , and yogurt .
Adult women who develop abnormal cell growth in the tissues of the breasts are n't any regular cancer patients - they 're cancer patients who must be treated with infant - fairy - princesses gloves .
The infantilization of women 's health is a product of a marketing environment where women 's breasts are constantly reinforced as overtly sexual , while other aspects of women 's bodies - like menstruation - are dismissed as vulgar .
The pervasive pink is an attempt to neutralize the idea that women 's bodies are necessarily either sexy or gross by unleashing a boatload of nonthreatening , nonsexual , girly symbolism .
The ultimate goal is to normalize the conversation about all the bad shit that can happen to women 's bodies . . . by reinforcing the most convenient sexist stereotype for this particular cause .
But because that conversation is so important to have , pharmaceutical companies like GlaxoSmithKline are given free reign to take the " ooh , shiny ! " route , insult the women their product hopes to protect , and chalk it all up to " awareness . "
Advertisement
Other women 's health advocates have taken the opposite tactic .
Some are hoping to raise awareness of breast cancer in the same way we raise awareness of beer and cars - by emphasizing just how sexy titties really are .
This week , Heartless Doll pointed to a recent breast cancer fundraiser in New York City , " Generosi - titties , " which features female comedians telling jokes without their shirts on , all in the name of " awareness . "
" Whatever gets people through the door , " Heartless Doll 's Andrea Grimes writes .
" But would n't it be more interesting if what got people through the door was hilarious women telling great jokes for a great cause , not hilarious women taking their tops off as a publicity stunt ?
You can't even argue that the end result is the same –that it 's all just raising money and awareness , so no panty - wadding allowed .
Because the end result of the topless show is that women can , will and should take their tops off if they really want someone ( men ) to listen to them .
And that 's detrimental to all women , everywhere . "
Advertisement
I 'd add that this tactic - which equates a woman 's worth with her breasts - is particularly offensive to women who actually suffer from breast cancer , many of whom find it medically necessary to remove their breasts in order to survive .
I understand the importance of encouraging awareness of women 's health issues among men and women .
Men can be instrumental in raising awareness among their friends , donating money to the cause , and helping to prevent the spread of sexually transmitted viruses , like HPV , which can cause cancer in women .
The importance of breast and cervical cancer awareness among women goes without saying .
But I agree with Grimes that cancer awareness that emphasizes women as either silly girls or sex objects does n't encourage the general population to start caring about women as people .
As YouTube user bobyzuckerman of the " Generosi- titties " awareness campaign : " great concept I﻿ love boobies . "
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on The Sexist .
Syndicated with permission .
Today , we are excited to make Google Apps Script available to everyone .
Some of you may already be familiar with Google Apps Script within Google Apps , but in case you are new to it ,
provides a powerful and flexible scripting environment that lets you automate actions across your spreadsheets , sites , calendars , and many other services .
An important new feature of Apps Script is a script gallery , where developers can easily publish their scripts to make them accessible to everyone .
You can find the gallery by going to
Insert
and then selecting
Script ...
in any Google spreadsheet .
Recently , the Google Apps team in New York put together a
Movie Night
script to help us easily figure out which movies were playing nearby and vote for our favorites - you can read more about it
here
.
Let ’s take a closer look at how the script works and how we published it to the new Apps Script Gallery .
We start by bringing up the script editor from a spreadsheet (
Tools -> Scripts -> Script editor ...
) .
The first step is to fetch a list of movies playing in a given area at a given time .
We use the Google search results for a movie query as follows :
var
results = UrlFetchApp.fetch (
' http://www.google.com/movies?hl=en&near='
+
zipcode +
' &dq=movies&sort=1 '
).getContentText ( ) ;
var
doc = Xml.parse ( results ,
true
) ;
We can then use Apps Script ’s handy
to parse the results .
The next step is to send an email to our friends asking them to vote .
This is the slightly tricky part :
poster by Hugh D’Andrade
Bound Together Anarchist Collective Bookstore presents the 15th Annual Bay Area Anarchist Book Fair on March 13th and 14th at the San Francisco County Fair Building .
Given how simple we 've made timekeeping over the years , it was inevitable that luxury watches would have to move into more esoteric lands in order to exude the appropriate sense of wonder when witnessed by those who can't afford them .
You might call that the Xperia Pureness effect .
Ergo , quite aside from its platinum or 18 - carat gold construction options , the 4N watch tries to grab the spotlight with its quirky disc - based mechanism , which rotates numbers ( four numbers , hence 4N ) into position to display a digital readout of the time .
The fact that all three discs -- built out of aluminum or a titanium alloy -- and the MVT01 movement are exposed to the eye earns geek cred from us , while the limited run of only 16 units should ensure the desired exclusivity for the watches ' future owners .
As the old saying about price goes , if you have to ask , you can't afford one .
In our society we take it for granted that children do not have to work or beg on streets , but according do this documentary there are still over 80 million kids in slavery worldwide .
But how can it be , that child slavery is still existing ?
This documentary film shows how these young slaves live and what factors cause them to live under such conditions and who profits form this dirty business .
Child slavery
In advance of the Sound Transit Board and Bellevue City Council workshop this afternoon , we decided to weigh in on which options would be best for East Link ’s alignment through Bellevue .
What follows is an open letter we sent to the Bellevue City Council and all ST Board members last night .
The letter is a frank assessment of the options that came out of recent work from both the city and Sound Transit , and represents the collective views of Seattle Transit Blog .
***
February 10 , 2010
To :
Mayor Don Davidson
Executive Aaron Reardon , Sound Transit Board Chair
Dear Mayor Davidson and Executive Reardon :
When regional voters overwhelmingly approved Sound Transit 2 in 2008 , they put trust in elected leaders to select the best light rail alignment .
Though the alignment selection process for East Link has gone longer than some had initially hoped , we welcome extended discussion on a decision that will affect generations to come .
Our children and the city ’s future residents are worth the additional time to do this right .
A recent Downtown Bellevue concept design report conducted jointly by Sound Transit and the City of Bellevue has brought forward some novel alignments for segment C , an encouraging sign that progress is being made .
East Link ’s segment C will determine how Downtown Bellevue interacts with regional light rail .
It is vital that the Bellevue City Council considers what ’s best for Downtown residents , employees , and customers .
The Sound Transit Board should combine regional and local concerns if they choose to change their preferred alignment .
Earlier segment C options proved unsatisfactory , so we ’re most interested by the recent report which brought three new options to the table : C9T , C11A , and C14E .
We think the best alignment for Downtown Bellevue is C11A .
If a grade - separated option is preferred for regional accessibility , C9T is the best proposed alignment .
C14E is a novel and constructive attempt to save taxpayer money , but it does so at the cost of serving a major urban center ; a regional investment like East Link should n’t cut corners .
The letter continues after the jump …
• We ask the City Council remove the C14E alignment from consideration .
This alignment provides just one stop serving Bellevue ’s Downtown core , serves far fewer jobs and condos , and would blight Bellevue ’s beautiful Downtown with an unwelcoming elevated walkway in front of City Hall .
According to the joint alternatives report , just 7 % of Downtown residents and only 27 % of jobs in 2030 would be within a five - minute walk of a station — and these times factor in the installation of a moving sidewalk .
This reduced access deflates overall East Link ridership .
For these reasons , it would be a mistake to site a light rail station next to a highway .
The other alignments we discuss perform much better .
• Analysis by Dan Bertolet , urban designer for GGLO and writer for Publicola , shows an alignment which serves the Bellevue Transit Center has more Transit - Oriented Development potential than the C14E alignment .
Bellevue policies stipulate the most dense “ development shall be located in the core of Downtown ” specifically to “ facilitate public transportation ” ( S - DT - 4 , 8 ) .
The C11A alignment best serves the Bellevue Transit Center and we ask the City Council make this route their preference .
The joint alternatives report estimates 76 % of Downtown jobs will be within a five - minute walk of this alignment ’s stations .
92 % of residents would be within ten minutes , a significantly higher percentage than the other alignments .
Though the effect of an at - grade alignment on traffic is an important consideration , the average Downtown driver would be delayed just three seconds compared to a tunnel ( C9T ) or the C14E alignment .
C11A , paired with the 112th Avenue ( B2A ) connection alternative , is $ 75 million under budget and costs the same as C14E when “ Vision Line ” elements are included .
Even with the 112th Avenue bypass , C11A is well under budget .
The accessibility , increased ridership , and low cost make C11A the best alignment .
• The C9T alignment has a shorter travel time compared to the at - grade options , providing a quicker regional connection to and from Redmond .
An at - grade alignment would balance regional , local , and budgetary concerns , but if the City Council and the Sound Transit Board decide a tunnel would be the best option , $ 185 million will have to be raised to pay for it .
Sound Transit staff have worked diligently to reduce the cost of a tunnel , but the Sound Transit Board should do more .
Eastside commuter rail is unlikely to find a private investor who would be awarded Sound Transit ’s matching $ 50 million .
It would be wise to take that money off the table within a reasonable time and instead invest it in a light rail tunnel that would better serve the region .
The Bellevue City Council should work with Sound Transit and the Downtown business community to identify revenues to fund the rest of the tunnel .
• We would like to quickly share our thoughts on segment B . We applaud the Bellevue City Council for recognizing the original B7 alignment does not meet the important requirement of serving the South Bellevue Park & Ride .
The South Bellevue P&R is a critical transit access point and must be served by East Link , since ST Express route 550 will no longer exist once light rail begins service .
However , even the modified B7 has environmental concerns that leaders should consider carefully .
We are confident the legal , financial , and environmental obstacles of crossing environmentally - sensitive wetlands will prove that B3S is the more practical and affordable alignment .
A B3S alignment with a B2A - like connection along 112th Avenue to segment C , perhaps with a side - running at - grade or retained cut alignment , may be the most cost - effective option ( see the report , page 67 ) .
We ’re glad to see progress being made on the East Link alignment selection process , but there is still work to be done and only one chance to get this right .
We hope our advice is taken into consideration when making these decisions in the coming months .
Thank you ,
John Jensen , Sherwin Lee , Ben Schiendelman , Adam Bejan Parast , Martin H. Duke
Writing on behalf of Seattle Transit Blog
Cc :
Bellevue City Council
Sound Transit Board
The Senate tied itself in knots Monday as it tried to get around a single lawmaker 's objection to a spending bill , a showdown that has become emblematic of capital 's partisan gridlock .
Sen. Jim Bunning ( R. , Ky. ) again blocked a $ 10 billion bill that would have extended unemployment benefits and other programs after halting its progress last week .
And on Monday , the impact of his blockade started biting , with the expiration of benefits to more than 100,000 people and the suspension of 41 transportation projects across the country .
...
There is something uniquely powerful about everyday people having access to the Internet from tiny devices in their pocket .
That ubiquitous access to each other creates possibilities that are worth fighting for and saving .
The mobile - and wireless - accessed Internet , combined with emerging open web and open - data applications , has the potential to usher in a new era of connectedness and , with it , dramatic changes to social practices and institutions .
If we get digital public policy right , Canada could become a leader in mobile communications , leading to empowerment , job creation and new forms of entrepreneurialism , expression and social change .
How Next Billion Users Will Reshape the Internet read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
To harness this opportunity , politicians and policy makers will need to develop a digital strategy for Canada with a central focus on mobile communications and Canada 's broadband infrastructure .
To be successful in the long term , we 'll need a " made in Canada " strategy that captures the imagination , vision and ingenuity of people from across Canada .
We 're all stakeholders
To be successful , our government needs to engage citizens in this process rather than listen to lobbyists behind closed doors while Parliament is prorogued .
We need to craft a vision and plan for our digital economy .
This is our future .
So we 're all stakeholders and we all need to be invited into the process .
In last week 's speech from the throne and release of the budget , the government had an opportunity to address digital issues .
All that was made clear , however , was that government is committed to opening Canada 's telecommunications and satellite industries to foreign ownership .
Giving up on our capacity to meet this challenge and instead relying primarily on foreign investment schemes is not the answer .
Such an approach would , at best , miss the lessons learned from the countries that are leading in broadband speed , access and cost .
Addressing Canada's " digital divides " -- those based on geography ( rural , remote , inner- city ) , ability ( cognitive , physical ) , class , age , gender , and ethnicity -- is particularly difficult to close given the composition of the Canadian cell phone market .
The market is highly concentrated with more than 95 per cent belonging to Rogers Communications Inc. , Bell Canada Inc. and Telus Corp .
These companies operate in the most proﬁtable wireless market in the developed world , with a profit margin of 45.9 per cent , or 12.8 per cent higher than average .
Despite this extraordinary level of profitability , Canada is falling behind on usage , ranking last for cell phone users per capita -- in part because these users pay the third - highest rates among developed countries .
New policy in the public interest concerning wireless access to the Internet is perhaps the most promising opportunity to close our digital divides and spur innovation .
Yet the CRTC's new media hearing in 2009 marked another occasion when the commission could have , but refused to , deal with the problem .
While the CRTC 's ruling on new media essentially delayed and side - stepped many of the key issues raised at the hearing , its inaction also set the stage for a high - profile debate over Canada 's national digital strategy .
Strategy hangs in the balance
With pressure building , in June 2009 Industry Minister Tony Clement hosted a digital economy conference to discuss the possibility of a national digital strategy .
In 2010 and beyond , the policy - making process concerning Canada 's digital strategy promises to be a crucial and highly contested space , where the decisions that are made will have a deep and long - lasting impact on Canadian media and communications .
A recent Harvard study makes the situation yet more salient , concluding : " Canada continues to see itself as a high performer in broadband , as it was early in the decade , but current benchmarks suggest that this is no longer a realistic picture of its comparative performance on several relevant measures . "
Canadians face high prices , poor service and highly constricted choice .
This is a reality that most Canadians are aware of : more than half of respondents ( 53 per cent ) in a 2009 Angus Reid public opinion poll reported that they believe Canada is one of the most expensive countries in which to use a cell phone .
If this public opinion can be harnessed to an intervention in the government 's digital strategy policy , Canada 's wireless market could take a 180 degree turn .
We are at a communications crossroads in Canada .
Better media means better policies , and that requires engaging ALL Canadians in the discussion .
The formation of Canada 's digital strategy policy provides a historic opportunity for us to once again become a leader in cultural production and communications access , speed and innovation , and to close digital divides that prevent people from expressing themselves and connecting to each other .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A California man who was fatally shot after opening fire on security officers outside the Pentagon appears to have been acting alone , with no links to domestic or international terrorism , police said on Friday .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
The gunman , identified by authorities as 36 - year - old John Patrick Bedell , was apparently trying to gain entry to the giant U.S. Defense Department headquarters when he approached a security checkpoint and started shooting , police said .
He was shot in the head on Thursday evening near the main entrance to the building in a shootout with three security officers , two of whom received “ superficial ” bullet wounds and were treated and released from a local hospital , Pentagon police chief Richard Keevill told reporters .
“ There is no indication at this point that there ( is ) any domestic or international terrorism nexus to this at all , ” Keevill said .
“ ...
There does n’t appear to be anyone else acting in concert with Mr. Bedell . ”
Keevill said authorities do not know Bedell ’s motives in the shooting , which occurred at the Pentagon entrance near a busy commuter rail station .
But Keevill said authorities are looking into a series of Internet postings by a user identified as “ JPatrickBedell ” for clues .
These postings make reference to U.S. marijuana laws and marijuana - related felony charges in 2006 in California against John Patrick Bedell .
They also refer to the September 11 , 2001 attacks against the United States and the case of a U.S. Marine Corps colonel who died in 1991 .
Keevill said authorities had not yet determined whether those postings were made by the gunman .
People can approach that entrance to the Pentagon unimpeded from the Metro station .
The shootout occurred at a security checkpoint .
“ He was very well armed .
I will tell you he had two 9 mm semiautomatic weapons and many magazines , ” Keevill said .
He added that the man ’s car that he drove from California has been located , and that it contained more ammunition .
Keevill said there is a surveillance video showing the suspect that “ pretty much confirms what we ’ve been saying , that he acted alone . ”
Instead of presenting a Pentagon pass , which is required to enter the building , the gunman pulled out a gun , Keevill said .
The underground Metro station is adjacent to the main entrance of the Pentagon in Arlington , Virginia , just across the Potomac River from Washington .
The Pentagon was one of the targets in the Sept 11 hijacked plane attacks .
One of the planes smashed into the U.S. military headquarters , killing 125 people , along with the plane ’s 59 passengers and crew and the five hijackers .
Statists Do n’t Get It
In the Wall Street Journal editorial “ How Milton Friedman Saved Chile , ” Bret Stephens credits Milton Friedman ’s collaboration with Augusto Pinochet for saving the lives of thousands of Chileans who otherwise would have perished in the recent earthquake .
He argues that the economic policies of Friedman and the Chicago Boys are why Chile had sufficient wealth for quality building construction .
“ The poorer the country , the likelier people are to scrimp on rebar , or use poor quality concrete , or lie about compliance . ”
That statement is true , but the problem with Stephens ’ argument is that he does not look at the other side of history .
Most obviously , Pinochet ’s policies did not help those who were killed or tortured by his regime .
It also has not been seen what kind of wealth could have been created without a parasite like Pinochet ruling the country .
But what kind of responsibility does Friedman bear for what actually happened ?
Stephens says that Friedman once “ wryly noted that he had given communist dictatorships the same advice he gave Pinochet , without raising leftist hackles . ”
That might sound good at first – Friedman is just trying to work within the system he has been given to alleviate suffering .
But when a man becomes an icon and example , he should be held to a higher standard than this .
Top - down economic liberalization in Eastern Europe could have made life better for millions of people – but it probably would have gone by the Chinese example , in which an especially tyrannical regime survives by reorganizing oppression in a way that is profitable for Western capitalists .
Stephens himself alludes to a situation of regime failure with the statement that ,
“ Pinochet had been mostly indifferent to the Chicago Boys ’ advice until the continuing economic crisis forced him to look for some policy alternatives . ”
The comfortable parasite attempts to maintain its host .
Thus the inherent problem of working with government : those who seek power will exploit whatever they can to get it .
People who worked outside of government channels – the underground printers , the smugglers , and the everyday folks who turned away from government promises – played a huge part in the actual collapse of especially tyrannical regimes in Eastern Europe .
The governments were not able to recuperate from crisis and things spun out of their control .
If more Eastern Europeans had been exposed to libertarian thought ( ideas about maximizing individual liberty , not maximizing the profits of those who can buy freedom ) who knows what Eastern Europe would look like today ?
Naomi Klein , a major critic of Friedman whom Stephens specifically names for ridicule , responded to the editorial with an article entitled “ Chile ’s Socialist Rebar . ”
The rebar is socialist because ,
“ Chile ’s modern seismic building code , drafted to resist earthquakes , was adopted in 1972 .
That year is enormously significant because it was one year before Pinochet seized power in a bloody U.S - backed coup . ”
It is not certain whether Klein understands that Stephens is arguing building codes mean little if there is not enough wealth to actually meet the standards .
However , she does note that economic conditions for most Chileans were better before Pinochet , so the argument could be made from her article that Stephens is factually incorrect .
Unfortunately Klein , like Stephens , believes that state power is beneficial .
When “ Chileans believed in their state ” good things happened .
What should be believed about the state is that it is an instrument for the politically ambitious to work with the social and economic powers of their choosing to force their decisions into the lives of other people .
With the state , our lives and standards are supposed to be based on the preferences of those who rule us , not by our own values .
Like many commentators , Klein conflates the term “ free market ” with state privileges for capitalists .
It appears that her economic solution is for everyone to become a Keynesian .
An actual free market is the alternative to the state commands that Stephens and Klein look to .
If the word “ market ” makes you feel like you ’re going to be sold , then pick a different term and work with its libertarian connotations .
A true free market .
It is free exchange among individuals without a layer of coercion creating power differentials .
It is the practice of liberty and solidarity that levels power and best secures each individual being equally respected authority over her own life , and no authority over another ’s life .
It is the yard sale , the peaceable pot trade , the radical union , the gift economy , the alternative currency , the internet trading network , the tunnels under borders , the paper stolen from government presses .
It is any way that people organize to consensually meet their needs and satisfy their desires apart from authority or in opposition to authority .
It is anarchy , and it is the best hope for the future .
Everyone knows the tiger , the panda , the blue whale , but what about the other five to thirty million species estimated to inhabit our Earth ?
Many of these marvelous , stunning , and rare species have received little attention from the media , conservation groups , and the public .
This series is an attempt to give these ‘ forgotten species ‘ some well - deserved attention .
Many people consider tropical islands mini-paradises : sanctuaries cut - off from the rest of the world .
Some species flourish on islands for the same reason .
With few predators and a largely consistent environment , once a species has comfortably adapted to its habitat there ’s little to do but thrive .
That is until something changes : like humans showing up .
Changes in confined island ecosystems often have large and rapid impacts , too fast and too big for marooned species to survive .
Numerous island species have vanished in recent centuries due to this very fact : stuck in a small ecosystem that does n’t suffer change lightly .
Sometimes it was due to direct human impact , other times it was what the humans brought with them : rats , dogs , cats , disease etc .
For example , the moa-nalo , giant duck - like megafauna in Hawaii , was likely hunted by humans to extinction ; the dodo bird probably succumbed to predatory animals that humans brought with them to Mauritius ’ ; and the Falkland Islands ’ wolf is though to have been killed - off by fur traders and shepherds .
These marooned species have vanished forever , but the Critically - Endangered pygmy three - toed sloth of Escudo Island has n’t — at least not yet .
The Critically Endangered pygmy three - toed sloth ( Bradypus pygmaeus ) hanging out in the mangroves of Escudo Island .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
As per their name ‘ pygmy ’ , the Escudo sloth is the world ’s smallest sloth , about 40 percent smaller than its mainland relatives .
They are also , according to sloth - expert Bryson Voirin , the most laid - back .
“ While mainland sloths will fight with you or run away if you are trying to capture them , pygmy sloths have had no contact with the outside world for 10,000 years .
When they see me they have no clue what to think .
They must just think I am some big , very strange sloth coming to say hello , ” Voirin told mongabay.com .
Not described by scientists until 2001 , Voirin is one of the few researchers to have spent significant time studying the island sloth .
“ Working with a genetic lab in Brazil , we recently found a species specific genetic marker for Escudo sloths .
This genetic mutation is found only in Escudo sloths , ” Voirin says , explaining the fruit borne by a number of his studies .
“ A research colleague in Finland has classified the algae found in the fur of Escudo sloths , and found it is related to that of other sloth algae .
Amazingly , this algae can withstand saltwater !
In my sleep research , I recently completed a study comparing sleep in mainland sloths experiencing high predation by nocturnal cats ( ocelots , etc ) versus sleep in Escudo sloths , which have no predators .
We found that Escudo sloths were more likely to be active at night , which would suggest that they are less afraid of being eaten by nocturnal cats . ”
Bryson Voirin grabbing pygmy three - toed sloths to study .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Escudo Island , known in Spanish as Isla Escudo de Veragus , measures just 3.4 kilometers square and lies about 17 kilometers from the Panamanian mainland .
“ To get there , you have to take a boat several hours into the middle of the ocean , ” Voirin says .
“ Then , when your boat hits the sand bar , you have to jump out and hike through the mangrove swamp , trying not to get stuck in the deep muck .
The whole area of mangroves on Escudo is only a few acres , so it is not all that big .
But it ’s surprising how well camouflaged these sloths are .
They blend in almost perfectly !
You can be looking right at one , and you might not realize it for 10 minutes . ”
Like most species confined to an island , the pygmy three - toed sloth has become a specialist , a mangrove - specialist to be exact .
“ The mangrove trees are usually only about 10 m high , so I tend to not use my climbing harness and ropes .
I usually just scamper up the limbs and grab the pygmy sloths with my hands , ” Voirin says , adding that though the sloths are calmer than their mainland relatives “ they can still claw you pretty good . ”
Despite being far from the mainland and perfectly adapted to their habitat , the sloths are in deep trouble due to recent invaders — humans .
“ Local fishermen come over from the mainland and camp out on the island for a few weeks at a time .
Unfortunately , they cut down the mangroves to use as charcoal for their fires at their campsite , ” explains Voirin .
“ These sloths live exclusively in the mangroves on this one island , so every large mangrove tree is essential to their survival [ … ]
When I was out on Escudo this past summer , I saw about 25 percent of all the large mangrove trees had been cut down and burned .
This normally uninhabited island was the temporary home to about 150 fishermen and their families ( and dogs ) . ”
Here is the tragic story of the moa-nalo , the dodo , the Falkland Islands ’ wolf , and innumerable other island species being retold again on the little island of Escudo .
A pygmy three - toed sloth taking to the water .
Sloths are remarkably good swimmers .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
“ It is heart wrenching to watch these locals thoughtlessly pushing the pygmy sloth into extinction , says Voirin .
“ Many times I have talked with them , and mentioned about the impact it will have to the animals .
Their typical response is that when they are fishing and they do n’t catch enough fish to eat , they eat the sloths .
Considering the sharks , lobsters , and most game fish are nearly extinct around Isla Escudo due to unregulated fishing , I fear that pygmy sloths are becoming more and more of a staple food for the ‘ temporary residents ’ of Isla Escudo . ”
Voirin explains it would n’t take much to save the sloth , but simply enforcing already established laws .
While the government deemed Isla Escuda a National Park last year , “ the locals continue to come pillage the land as they see fit , with no consequences in sight .
Unless the government begins to enforce some basic regulations on these seasonal residents , such as ‘ no cutting mangroves ’ , I would estimate the pygmy sloth has only a few years left on this planet , ” he concludes
If Voirin ’s prediction comes true then this ‘ forgotten species ’ may , like the dodo , only become known to the world after it has vanished forever .
Visiting Escudo Island off the coast of Panama .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Pygmy three - toed sloths are masters of mangroves .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Bringing the sloths aboard for inspection .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
A second view of the sloth swimming .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Pygmy sloth hanging on the boat as if it were a mangrove .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
The pygmy three - toed sloth requires rapid action from the Panamanian government if it is to survive .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Larger view of the world ’s smallest sloth .
Photo courtesy of Bryson Voirin .
Related articles
The faster , fiercer , and always surprising sloth , an interview with Bryson Voirin
( 10/25/2009 )
Sloths sleep all day ; they are always slow ; and they are gentle animals .
These are just some of the popular misconceptions that sloth - scientist and expert tree - climber , Bryson Voirin , is overturning .
After growing up among the wild creatures of Florida , spending his high school years in Germany , and earning a Bachelors degree in biology and environment at the New College of Florida , Voirin found his calling .
At the New College of Florida , Voirin “ met Meg Lowman , the famous canopy pioneer who invented many of the tree climbing techniques everyone uses today . ”
New research shows wild sloths sleep less than captive sloths
( 05/14/2008 )
Wild sloths are considerably more active than their counterparts in captivity , reports the first electrophysiological study of sleep in a wild animal .
Forgotten Species : the fiery Luristan Newt
( 02/08/2010 )
The salamander was a mythical creature before it was a real one : the word salamander means a legendary lizard that both survived - in and could extinguish fire .
A creature that the Ancient Greeks , including Aristotle , appeared to readily believe in .
No one knows how the term salamander transferred from a mythical fire - dwelling monster to the small amphibious animals it applies to today , but I have a theory .
Perhaps the sight of salamanders like Luristan newt — charcoal - black and flame - orange — caused people in the seventeenth century to lend the name of myth to the taxa .
Forgotten species : discovering the shimmer of Maathai ’s Longleg
( 01/13/2010 ) Few species receive less respect and less conservation attention than insects .
This despite the fact that they are some of the most diverse species on the planet andthey provide a number of essential services to humankind , including pollination , pest control , production ( for example honey and silk ) , waster recycling , and indications of habitat health .
Scientists are not only unsure just how many species of insects are threatened in world ; they are equally uncertain how many insects exist .
Currently there are nearly a million insect species described by science , but millions more likely exist .
It ’s probable that innumerable insect species have vanished before even being catalogued by entomologists .
Forgotten Species : the haunting whistle of the Anjouan scops - owl
( 12/03/2009 ) I know a two - year - old who is already an owl expert .
My friends ’ daughter , Harper , can identify all of North America ’s owls by photos or drawings ; even more impressive she can identify them by call .
There is one owl call , however , that she may never hear .
The Anjouan - scops owl , native to Anjouan island apart of the Comoros island chain , is on the verge of extinction .
It is so rare that for over a century it was believed to have already vanished .
Forgotten species : Madagascar ’s water - loving mammal , the aquatic tenrec
( 11/12/2009 )
There are many adjectives one could attach to the aquatic tenrec : rare , mysterious , elusive , one - of - a- kind , even adorable , though one tries to stray from such value - laden titles since it excludes so many other non-adorable inhabitants of the animal kingdom .
This small and , yes , cute insectivore , also known as the web - footed tenrec , lives in Eastern Madagascar where at night it spends the majority of its time swimming and diving in fast - moving streams for insects and tadpoles .
It sleeps during the day in small streamside burrows .
To date that is about the extent of our knowledge of this species .
California voters will decide this November whether to legalize and regulate adult recreational use of marijuana .
The secretary of state on Wednesday certified that a Bay Area - based effort to put the issue on the ballot has collected enough signatures to do so .
If passed , California would have the most comprehensive laws on legal marijuana in the entire world , advocates say .
Opponents are confident they will easily defeat the measure .
The vote will be the second time in nearly 40 years that people in the Golden State will decide the issue of legalization , though the legal framework and cultural attitudes surrounding marijuana have changed significantly over the past four decades .
If Californians pass the measure , they would be the first in the nation to vote for legalization .
Similar efforts in other states all have failed .
Backers needed to collect at least 433,971 valid signatures of registered voters , and Secretary of State Debra Bowen said they met that threshold .
If voters approve the measure , it will become legal for Californians 21 and older to grow and possess up to an ounce of marijuana under state law .
Local jurisdictions could tax and regulate it or decide not to participate .
Marijuana would continue to be banned outright by federal law .
Current state law allows a person , with a doctor 's approval , to possess an amount of marijuana that is reasonably related to the patient 's current medical needs .
People also can obtain cards identifying themselves as a patient , which helps in interactions with law enforcement .
" There is no state that currently allows adults to grow marijuana for personal ( recreational ) use , but what is totally different and will be a game - changer internationally is this would allow authorized sales to adults as determined by a local authority , " said Stephen Gutwillig , California state director of the Drug Policy Alliance Network , an organization advocating for changes in drug laws .
Key supporters
The major backers of the initiative - the founder of an marijuana trade school based in Oakland , a retired Orange County judge and various drug - law reform organizations - are planning to oversee a $ 10 million campaign to push the measure .
Allen St. Pierre , executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , said his organization will work hard to pass the proposition , adding that the California effort is notable because it probably will be funded by the marijuana industry .
" This is being launched at a time not only of mass nationwide zeitgeist around marijuana , " but acutely so in California , he said .
" Almost all other ( marijuana ) initiatives were poorly funded , and what funding there has been ... was purely philanthropic . "
But opponents , who probably will include a large coalition of public safety associations , said that once voters understand the implications of the measure , it will be handily defeated .
" The overarching issue is , given all the social problems caused by alcohol abuse , all the social and public safety problems caused by pharmaceutical abuse and the fact that tobacco kills - given all those realities , what on Earth is the social good that 's going to be served by adding another mind - altering substance to the array , " said John Lovell , a lobbyist for a number of statewide police and public safety associations .
Additionally , he said , employers and government entities that receive federal money may not be able to meet federal standards for drug - free workplaces if the measure passes , putting billions of federal dollars in jeopardy .
' Sink like a rock '
" It 's terrible drafting ... that will cause the state of California significant fiscal problems , " he said .
When these issues are presented to voters , he said , the measure will " sink like a rock in the North Atlantic . "
Attitudes of voters in California have increasingly moved in favor of full legalization of marijuana .
Californians passed Proposition 215 in 1996 to legalize marijuana for medical use .
A bill in the Legislature would also legalize adult recreational use , and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has said it is an idea that should be debated , although he personally opposes it .
A Field Poll taken in April found that 56 percent of voters backed the idea of legalization and taxation of marijuana .
The measure will add to an already crowded November ballot , with an expensive gubernatorial race looming along with other statewide offices .
Prominent candidates running for higher office , including Democratic Attorney General Jerry Brown , who is seeking the governorship , and San Francisco District Attorney Kamala Harris , a Democrat who is running for attorney general , have said they oppose the initiative .
Don Perata , former Senate president pro tem and candidate for Oakland mayor , supports the initiative .
The major Republican candidates oppose the measure .
Richard Lee , the founder of Oaksterdam University , has spearheaded the effort and said he is not concerned about prominent political opposition to the plan , noting the similar lack of support for Prop. 215 .
" I think the voters lead the politicians on this issue and they realize that , " Lee said .
Sex , drugs and vindication :
What the Broadcom trial fiasco means for white collar cases
Broadcom ex-CEO and co-founder Henry Nicholas
LOS ANGELES �( Fortune ) --
As CEO - gone - bad cases go , Henry Nicholas ' had it all : heavy allegations of sex , drugs , and rock and roll , as well as big - time corporate number - fudging .
Because of widespread stock - option backdating at Broadcom , the chipmaker that Nicholas used to run , the company restated its earnings to the tune of $ 2.2 billion .
But a funny thing happened on the way to the big house :
Every charge against Nicholas was recently thrown out , with the final act taking place last week when the SEC dropped its civil backdating case against him and several associates .
Suddenly , Nicholas is the poster child for something else : the nearing end of a crusade against options backdating that has produced few scalps .
More broadly , he is a reminder of how few successful prosecutions of CEOs there have been since the burst of convictions in the now - distant Enron - Worldcom era .
Indeed , despite all the outrage over stock option backdating , it has been a wildly uneven area of pursuit , with some companies ( such as Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) ) admitting to the practice but facing neither regulatory or criminal actions .
Others , like UnitedHealth Group ( UNH , Fortune 500 ) are only facing civil sanction from the SEC .
And where there have been criminal charges they have had diverse outcomes : the former general counsel of computer security company McAfee ( MFE ) was cleared by a federal jury and the SEC , and is now suing his former employer for defaming him and making him a scapegoat .
In the criminal backdating case of Brocade Communications ( BRCD ) , CEO Greg Reyes ' was convicted , but that was overturned on appeal and he is to be retried .
Perhaps most notoriously , Kobi Alexander , the former CEO of tech firm Comverse Technology ( CMVT ) recently contributed $ 60 million to the settlement of a class action suit over backdating , but has been living on the lam from federal prosecutors in Namibia .
" It 's very hard to get convictions in these cases where you have to show criminal intent , " says Peter Henning , a law professor at Wayne State University .
" There is no smoking gun . "
In the case of Broadcom ( BRCM , Fortune 500 ) , the U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California has until May to file appeals against the dismissals .
But the judge in the case , Cormac Carney , slammed prosecutors , saying they had tainted witnesses , " distorted the truth - finding process , " and failed to produce evidence that Nicholas and his associates intended to commit a crime through backdating schemes that took place between 1998 and 2003 , when he was CEO and sold $ 1 billion worth of stock .
" The bottom line is I just think in the interest of justice we all need to move on , " he told SEC lawyers at his last hearing .
Among the many stunning results in the proceedings was the fact that Carney set aside guilty pleas by two former senior Broadcom executives including Nicholas ' co-founder Henry Samueli -- he had previously copped to a single count of lying to the SEC .
And one of the judge 's most controversial moves was to dismiss the central backdating case against Broadcom 's former CFO before it went to the jury , citing insufficient evidence .
Under what is known in legalese as a " rule 29 " acquittal , that means that case can not be retried .
" I find Broadcom inexplicable , " says Columbia University securities law professor John Coffee .
" The district judge went well out of his way to immunize himself from appellate review -- and that suggests a degree of hubris . "
But it also shows how incensed Carney became at the U.S. Attorney who oversaw the case .
( The U.S. Attorney 's office declined to comment beyond saying it is still considering an appeal . )
While there is much to be debated on all sides of the Nicholas proceedings , one thing that is clear is that prosecutors are under immense pressure to get convictions against CEOs .
William Black , a former regulator and now white - collar law expert at the University of Missouri - Kansas , suggested to me that the big picture beyond Broadcom -- and which may also explain why so few have been criminally charged from the subprime mess -- is that the SEC was too lax for too long and the FBI has lacked the necessary resources to manage complex financial cases .
" The judge in this case has ultimately adopted an absurd position , but for completely understandable reasons , " Black says .
Nonetheless , it 's a complete vindication for Nicholas , whose case stood apart from the pack , because it was twinned with the now - withdrawn felony drug trafficking charges .
That lurid case alleged he laced the drinks of employees of customers with narcotics and provided drugs and prostitutes at an underground " lair " he had built beneath his Orange County mansion -- and inspired such memorable tabloid headlines as BIG - $$ TUNNEL OF KINKY LOVE and ROCKIN ' THE COKED - OUT ' ORGY ' CAVE .
( Though Judge Carney told Nicholas that it seemed he had a " serious drug problem " in the past , Nicholas ' lawyers said the criminal allegations were false and the lair was much more innocent than portrayed . )
In general , Nicholas ' position had been that the more salacious charges against him relied heavily on discredited witnesses who had tried to extort him .
Barring the appeal , Nicholas , now 50 , can move on to a second , perhaps less audacious , act .
His co-founder Samueli , who also owns the Aneheim Ducks , recently returned to work at Broadcom .
And the company , which declined to comment on all this , recently settled a class - action suit related to the backdating for $ 160 million .
Meanwhile , prosecutors have at least one more kick at the options backdating can : a criminal case against the former CEO of KB Homes ( KBH ) gets underway in a federal court in Los Angeles later this month .
Get ready to see white collars loosen wide if this case fizzles as well .
-- An earlier version of this story said Nicholas has admitted to having a substance abuse problem in the past .
It should have said instead that the judge accused Nicholas of such .
George Monbiot 's attack on solar energy and the government 's " cash - back " solar photovoltaic ( PV ) market - building scheme paints a distorted picture of the industry I work in , and government policy towards it ( Are we really going to let ourselves be duped into this solar panel rip - off ? , 2 March ) .
First , Monbiot gets the workability of solar wrong .
He says : " The amount of power PV panels produce at this latitude is risible , [ and ] they also produce it at the wrong time . "
Those who buy panels , therefore , will own a mere " fashion accessory " .
The companies who manufacture solar PV in the UK have shown that putting solar panels on all available building surfaces would generate more electricity in a year , under typical cloudy British skies , than the entire electricity consumption of our energy - profligate nation .
Some fashion accessory .
Of course , just a fraction of that area of buildings would suffice because we would want to mix and match renewable technologies – large and small , onshore and offshore – so matching loads and compensating for the fact that solar generates by day and not by night .
Second , Monbiot says the government 's scheme targets money where economies of scale are " impossible " – an incorrect assumption because solar electricity costs will inevitably fall to the point , within just a few years , where they are cheaper than any form of fossil fuel and nuclear electricity .
Systemic economies of scale in solar manufacturing and installation techniques are causing rapid reductions in solar PV costs globally , just as Ofgem and others worry so loudly about the inevitable rise of traditional electricity costs .
Third , Monbiot gets the precedent for the British government 's solar " cash - back " scheme – the German feed - in tariff – upside down .
He says the " German government decided to reduce sharply the tariff it pays for solar PV , on the grounds that it is a waste of money " .
But all feed - in tariffs are supposed to decline , and indeed reduce to zero within some years – that is the whole point .
They are not like the market - building schemes for the nuclear technologies that Monbiot advocates , where subsidies – open and hidden – are needed for decades .
Most Germans are rightly proud of their feed - in tariff regime .
They have , after all , created over 50,000 jobs in solar PV alone .
Fourth , Monbiot has it wrong about who pays the cash back .
" The government is about to shift £ 8.6 bn from the poor to the middle classes , " he says .
But the number is not the cost to " the poor " .
It 's not even the cost to all electricity consumers over the next two decades .
The cumulative cost to all consumers – including all non-domestic industrial , public sector , and commercial users and covering all technologies in the scheme – is £ 6.7bn , and is spread over 20 years .
The average household levy in 2013 , when tariff rates are all up for review , is likely to be less than £ 3 .
This is far less than the average saving from the government 's various domestic energy efficiency measures over the same period .
So there is no net subsidy .
The levy is not " regressive " at all .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. bank regulators closed four banks in as many states on Friday , bringing the number of failures so far this year to 26 as deteriorating loans continued taking a toll on financial institutions .
The largest of the four was Sun American Bank of Boca Raton , Florida , which had approximately $ 535.7 million in total assets and $ 443.5 million in total deposits , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp ( FDIC ) said .
Regulators also closed Centennial Bank of Odgen , Utah , Waterfield Bank of Germantown , Maryland , and Bank of Illinois of Normal , Illinois .
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair has said she expects bank failures to remain high through 2010 , even as the economy improves , because the bank industry is continuing to recognize loan losses and clean up their balance sheets .
Regulators closed 140 banks in 2009 , up from 25 in 2008 and only 3 in 2007 .
The industry ’s woes are moving from residential loans and complex securities to more conventional types of retail and commercial loans hit hard by the recession .
The 12 branches of Sun American Bank will reopen on Monday as branches of First - Citizens Bank & Trust Company of Raleigh , North Carolina , which is assuming the deposits and purchasing essentially all the assets , FDIC said .
However , FDIC was unable to find a buyer for Centennial Bank so checks will be mailed on Monday to retail depositors for their insured funds , the agency said .
The bank had approximately $ 215.2 million in total assets and $ 205.1 million in total deposits .
An estimated $ 1.8 million of those funds were uninsured , but that number could change as more information becomes available , FDIC said .
It encouraged customers with more than $ 250,000 in their accounts at Centennial to call the FDIC at 1-800- 889-4976 to set up an appointment to discuss their deposits .
The FDIC also had to create a new depository institution to take over the operations of Waterfield Bank .
It said the new institution , also called Waterfield Bank , will remain open until April 5 to allow depositors access to their insured funds and time to move their accounts .
Waterfield Bank had $ 155.6 million in assets and $ 156.4 million in deposits .
After April 5 , the FDIC will mail checks to customers who have not closed their accounts or transferred their funds to another institution .
It estimated uninsured funds in Waterfield at about $ 407,000 , but said that could change .
Heartland Bank and Trust of Bloomington , Illinois , agreed to assume the deposits of Bank of Illinois , whose two branches will reopen on Saturday as branches of Heartland .
FDIC said Bank of Illinois had $ 211.7 million in assets and $ 198.5 million in deposits .
Heartland paid the FDIC a premium of 3.61 percent to assume the deposits and agreed to purchase essentially all of the failed bank ’s assets , FDIC said .
[ / caption ]
About 2,000 light - years away , in the constellation of Cygnus ( the Swan ) , lies Sharpless 2-106 ( after Stewart Sharpless who put the catalog together in 1959 ) , the birth - place of a star cluster - to - be .
Two recent image releases – by Subaru and Gemini – showcase their new filter sets and image capabilities ; they also reveal the stunning beauty of the million - year - long process of the birth of a star .
The filter set is part of the Gemini Multi-Object Spectrograph ( GMOS ) toolkit , and includes ones centered on the nebular lines of doubly ionized oxygen ( [ OIII ] 499 nm ) , singly ionized sulfur ( [ SII ] 672 nm ) , singly ionized helium ( HeII 468 nm ) , and hydrogen alpha ( Hα 656 nm ) .
The filters are all narrowband , and are also used to study planetary nebulae and excited gas in other galaxies .
The hourglass - shaped ( bipolar ) nebula in the new Gemini image is a stellar nursery made up of glowing gas , plasma , and light - scattering dust .
The material shrouds a natal high - mass star thought to be mostly responsible for the hourglass shape of the nebula due to high - speed winds ( more than 200 kilometers / second ) which eject material from the forming star deep within .
Research also indicates that many sub-stellar objects are forming within the cloud and may someday result in a cluster of 50 to 150 stars in this region .
The nebula ’s physical dimensions are about 2 light - years long by 1/2 light - year across .
It is thought that its central star could be up to 15 times the mass of our Sun .
The star ’s formation likely began no more than 100,000 years ago and eventually its light will break free of the enveloping cloud as it begins the relatively short life of a massive star .
For this Gemini image four colors were combined as follows : Violet – HeII filter ; Blue – [ SII ] filter ; Green – [ OIII ] filter ; and Red – Hα filter .
The Subaru Telescope image was made by combining images taken through three broadband near - infrared filters , J ( 1.25 micron ) , H ( 1.65 micron ) , and K ’ ( 2.15 micron ) .
Sources : Gemini Observatory , NAOJ
Over the past two years , I 've probably playedand its downloadable content for over a hundred hours .
To have spent that much time with the game , I obviously must 've enjoyed it but over time certain things started to annoy me .
It 's a bit like being stuck on a long car ride with a friend .
Though it was one of the best role - playing games of the past few years , there are still plenty of areas of improvement .
Here 's what I hope to see in its follow - up , had numerous perks and items to boost your ability to sneak , suggesting that it's a pretty handy thing to do in certain situations .
It is , but it 's very rarely fun .
The thing is , my success with stealth always seemed to be determined by chance .has a very rudimentary stealth meter that only tells you if you 're A ) hidden , B ) about to be found , or C ) found .
You 'll go from B to C in a matter of seconds , too .
A more informative meter would allow players to have a better understanding of how well they 're sneaking .'s interface , for example , has a gem at the bottom of the screen that gets lighter or darker depending on how hidden you are .
Recententries took it a step further by listing your visibility as a percentage .
If you take a step forward and the meter spikes , you know you 're screwing up and you can adjust .
Creeping around is a lot more fun if you actually feel like you 've got some control over your success .
Sneaking around on my own inwas hard enough , but doing it while accompanied by an NPC companion ?
Damn near impossible .
Sure , my companion would crouch down and pretend to be covert ... but as soon as an enemy appeared , they 'd jump up and start attacking .
I 'm not sure whether they did this because they simply do n't like stealth or because their Sneak roll failed .
The latter would be unfair because well , crap , it 's not like I have any control over what skills they improve in when they level up .
At any rate , why does the game bother with this notion of NPC 's sneaking ?
Just make them hidden when I 'm hidden and exposed when I 'm exposed .
Apologists will say , " Just tell your NPC to wait outside the enemy base if you want to be stealthy . "
The hell with that ; I 'm not leashing up my NPC outside like a puppy .
She 's a trained member of the Brotherhood of Steel - she ought to be able to be restrain herself from randomly shooting people .
What would be the point of traveling with another character if I 'm just going to leave them outside , anyway ?
For me , thecompanions never really felt like , well , companions .
They just do n't really have much personality .
Open a dialogue with one and the only options you 'll see are commands : " Follow me , " " Stay here , " and so on .
It 's a stark contrast to BioWare role - playing games where you can spend hours chatting up your party members .
It 's even a step backward from , which gave NPC 's at least a cursory backstory .
You could argue that fleshing out these characters is unnecessary because they can't be resurrected when killed in battle .
Why not just have them fall unconscious for the remainder of the battle when they hit zero hit points , then ?
If the developers insisted on NPC death , though , giving these characters distinct personalities would make their passing all the more impactful on the player .
I lean toward the " fall unconscious " option , though , because players would probably just reload their games and replay the battle rather than let their dear friend bite the dust .
Seriously .
Likegave you a huge amount of control over your character 's appearance - bone structure , hair style , and so forth .
You may end up spending a good twenty minutes just trying out different looks .
Ten minutes later , you 're wearing a big metal hat and can't see any of your hard work .
Most MMORPG 's allow you to hide your helm and the same feature would be nice here .
Granted , the game 's meant to be played in the first - person perspective but occasionally you want to admire the character you 've built .
It 's one of the cheap thrills of role - playing games .
At the beginning of , I was a runt who could sneak around dangerous enemies and talk my way out of fights .
By the end , I was even more skilled at both but I was also an unstoppable juggernaut whose mastery of all weapons and technology was unrivaled in the wasteland .
It 's easy to max out the majority of skills , given the amount of upgrade points you 're given and the bonuses you accrue throughout the game from Perks , items , and so forth .
It felt good to be awesome in so many ways but the result was that my character became featureless .
My level 20 character was quite similar to anyone else 's level 20 .
The easy solution would be to dole out less skill points for every experience level .
A more satisfying solution , however , would be to raise the cap on skills and allow players to specialize further within a given field .
As a nod to the series ' turn - based roots , employs a combat mechanic called V.A.T.S..
In the middle of a fight , you 're able to pause the action and queue up shots at specific points on an enemy .
Rather than complementing the real - time FPS - like combat of the game , V.A.T.S. completely overwhelms it .
By the end of the game you 'll have enough Action Points to almost exclusively use V.A.T.S. in battle .
It 's just so much easier and more ammo efficient than real - time combat .
V.A.T.S. is n't a bad feature but it needs to be tweaked so that you can only use it a handful of times per fight .
Or perhaps it could be altered so that , say , aiming for a headshot is more complicated than simply selecting an enemy head and clicking on it .
Maybe put a time limit on selecting your shots or make the damage scale with how quickly you queue them up ?
This particular item on the wish list seems like a sure thing .is set in the same general area asandand is being developed by people who worked on those two games .
Still , it 's worth reiterating how awesome it would be to see some of the characters from the oldgames return .
Plus , it would be interesting to see how the former southwestern United States has come along since the end of .
One of the best parts ofwas Harold 's cameo .
That 's one of the few bits of nostalgia from that game , though .
I liked the side missions ina lot but they had one shortcoming : they 're not really mentioned in the ending .
In the closing montage , you might see a picture of some character you saved but that 's it .
In the first twogames , the narrator told you in voiceover what happened to this character or that village after the game due to your actions .
It makes the player feel like their decisions had some real weight and is a satisfying cap to the game .
Whenwas announced last April , it was pegged for a 2010 release .
Since then , we 've heard basically no information on the game .
The last half of 2009 was pretty turbulent fordeveloper Obsidian Entertainment , too .
They cancelled their Aliens RPG and delayed Alpha Protocol just a couple weeks before its release .
With all this in mind , I can't help but feel a bit skeptical thatwill arrive by the end of the year .
I 'd love to be proven wrong but delays are par for the course when it comes to big , open - ended RPGs .
While the rest of this list is primarily inspired by 's shortcomings , that game is still a pretty solid foundation for a newadventure .
There 's certain things that I hope remain the same : the vast open world , the strong art direction , and - perhaps most importantly of all - the robot butler .
Who could resist another batch of corny science jokes ?
Fuck the Facts is a Canadian grindcore band from Ottawa , Ontario , formed in 1998 .
They began in the late nineties as a solo recording project constructed by musician Topon Das .
After many early recordings , including split tapes with groups from around the world , Fuck the Facts began developing a name in the underground with fans of grind .
In 2001 , the first full - length CD-R , Discoing the Dead , was recorded .
The same year , Das would assemble a full band to continue with the project .
The band has since coined the terms " bastardized grindcore " and " mullet - core " to d… read more
A year - and - a - half after it first tried to sell an application allowing users to copy DVDs onto a computer hard drive , Real Networks is paying the major studios $ 4.5 million to end the legal headache it caused .
The Seattle - based digital media company has also agreed to a permanent injunction barring it from selling the RealDVD software .
U.S. District Court Judge Marilyn Patel ruled in favor of Hollywood plaintiffs last August , issuing a preliminary injunction barring the sale of RealDVD .
About 2,700 people bought the application , as the studios and the DVD Copy Control Assn. , which manages the anti-copying software on DVDs , won a temporary restraining order halting sales just four days after it debuted in September 2008 .
Before this week 's settlement was reached , RealNetworks had been planning to appeal the preliminary injunction .
Illegal software applications that allow users to copy movies off of DVDs onto computers are plentiful on the Web .
Real attempted to make the market legitimate and argued , unsuccessfully , that it was simply allowing its consumers to exercise a " fair use " right to make backup copies of movies they own .
The studios were concerned that it would be too easy for people to copy DVDs that they had rented or borrowed .
" We will continue to vigorously pursue companies that attempt to bring these illegal circumvention products and devices to market , " Daniel Mandil , chief content protection officer of the Motion Picture Assn. of America , said in a statement .
" We are pleased to put this litigation behind us , " Real Networks ' acting chief executive Bob Kimball said in a statement .
" I hope that in the future we can find mutually beneficial ways to use Real technology to bring Hollywood 's great work to consumers . "
-- Ben Fritz
A symmetrical droplet ( top ) forms on a surface with straight nano - pillars , while on a surface with bent pillars ( bottom ) the droplet is asymmetrical , extending out only to the right .
Inset images are micrographs of the surface structure .
Images : Kuang - Han Chu , Rong Xiao and Evelyn N. Wang
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Controlling the way liquids spread across a surface is important for a wide variety of technologies , including DNA microarrays for medical research , inkjet printers and digital lab - on - a - chip systems .
But until now , the designers of such devices could only control how much the liquid would spread out over a surface , not which way it would go .
New research from mechanical engineers at MIT has revealed a new approach that , by creating specific kinds of tiny structures on a material ’s surface , can make a droplet spread only in a single direction .
A report on the new work , by Esther and Harold E. Edgerton Assistant Professor of Mechanical Engineering Evelyn N. Wang and graduate students Kuang - Han Chu and Rong Xiao , was published on March 28 in the journal Nature Materials .
The system Wang and her team developed is completely passive , based on producing a textured surface with tiny pillars shaped in specific ways to propel liquid in one direction and restrict its movement in others .
Once the surface is prepared , no mechanical or electrical controls are needed to propel the liquid in the desired direction , and a droplet placed at any point on the surface will always spread the same way .
It ’s just the shapes on the surface that control how the drops spread , rather than the particular materials used , Wang says .
The chips used for testing were made by etching a silicon wafer surface to produce a grid of tiny pillars , which then were selectively coated with gold on one side to make the pillars bend in one direction .
To prove that the effect was caused just by the bent shapes rather than some chemical process involving the silicon and gold , the researchers , with the help of Professor Karen Gleason ’s group in the Department of Chemical Engineering , then coated the surface with a thin layer of a polymer so that the water would only come in contact with a single type of material .
The pillars are all curved in one direction , and cause the liquid to move in that direction .
“ Nobody had really studied this kind of geometry , because it ’s hard to fabricate , ” Wang says .
Wang explains that while this work is still early - stage basic research , in principle such systems could be used for a wide variety of applications .
For example , it could provide new ways to manipulate biological molecules on the surface of a chip , for various testing and measurement systems .
It might be used in desalination systems to help direct water that condenses on a surface toward a collection system .
Or it might allow more precise control of cooling liquids on a microchip , directing the coolant toward specific hotspots rather than letting them spread out over the whole surface .
“ It ’s a big deal to be able to cool local hotspots on a chip , ” Wang says , especially as the components on a chip continue to get smaller and thermal management becomes ever more critical .
The research was funded in part by the National Science Foundation , DARPA , and Northrup Grumman .
Mark Shannon , professor of mechanical science and engineering at the University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign , agrees that this method might be further developed for a variety of applications , including biomedical lab - on - a - chip systems for the detection of specific biomolecules in blood , for example .
“ Droplet manipulation has been heavily developed for moving samples from station to station for different analysis steps , ” he says , and this new method might provide a useful way to do that with minimal energy requirements , but to do so will require the ability to create multiple regions on a surface that propel the liquid in different directions for each stage .
“ This research will help enable these unit operations , ” he says , in combination with related research currently being carried out in other places .
Howard Stone , professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at Princeton University , who was not involved in this research , says researchers have taken several approaches to surface patterning and control in recent years , some inspired by nature and some by materials applications .
“ This research advance for one - dimensional asymmetric spreading is a nice addition to the toolbox for surface patterning to control liquid spreading , ” he says .
Explore further Harnessing nanopatterns :
Tiny textures can produce big differences
KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters ) -
An international piracy conference on Tuesday backed off tough proposals calling for an international naval taskforce to be set up under U.N. auspices to fight Somali pirates after members disagreed over implementation .
A military personnel stands guard aboard the Portuguese warship NRP Corte - Real escorting the United Nations World Food Programme ( WFP ) ship , MV Fidel ( in the background ) in the high seas of the Indian Ocean , off the Somalia coastline , May 14 , 2009 .
REUTERS / NATO / Handout
The measure was aimed at fighting a sharp rise in piracy , with Somali pirates mounting 81 attacks between January 1 and April 20 , according to United Nations data .
The attacks threaten trade routes and aid supplies and push up insurance costs at a time when most of the global economy is in recession .
The initial resolution from more than 60 countries and the European Union was watered down after a two - day conference in the Malaysian capital that brought together governments , navies and shipping bodies .
“ The United Nations is invited to consider further the possibility of taking joint measures through the contact group on piracy off the coast of Somalia and its working groups to coordinate maritime force operations to suppress acts of piracy and armed robbery against ships off the coast of Somalia , ” the final statement said .
That was far weaker than a draft statement , seen by Reuters , that called for the United Nations to consider “ the establishment of an international maritime force to suppress acts of piracy and armed robbery against ships off the coast of Somalia . ”
A senior maritime official who attended the conference said : “ Asking for the formation of an international maritime force has legal and political ramifications . ”
“ We are going forward too fast , ” the official told Reuters on condition of anonymity .
Differences over laws concerning the arrest of pirates , some of whom work to order at the behest of criminal gangs outside Somalia , have bedeviled operations in the Gulf of Aden and more force was needed , naval officials said .
Richard Farrington , Chief of Staff of European Naval forces , told the conference there are now 25 warships from the European Union , China , the United States and Japan patrolling 2.5 million square miles of waters off the coast of Somalia .
“ We need 60 ( vessels ) in the Gulf of Aden and another 150 in the Somali basin , ” Farrington said .
A FAILED STATE WITH NO LAWS
The absence of a functioning government that can provide a legal framework in Somalia , as well as different interpretations of laws on piracy , is a huge obstacle to fighting piracy .
While some navies have taken robust action , others take the view it is not illegal to carry weapons in international waters and arrests cannot be made unless there is evidence of piracy .
U.S. Navy commandos shot and killed three Somali gunmen last month to free Richard Phillips , a U.S. ship captain held hostage , while French commandos stormed a yacht seized by pirates .
However , in another case , a Portuguese naval ship intercepted pirates and released them after confiscating their weapons .
European Union human rights laws , which guarantee all people including pirates respect for their basic rights , are a particular problem , said Geoffrey Till , Professor of Maritime Studies at King ’s College in London .
Kenya , which neighbors Somalia , last year agreed to prosecute pirates on behalf of countries that are unable to do so themselves .
Till said it had prosecuted 60 pirates since then .
Uganda ’s population , currently sitting at 32.7 million people , is expected to rocket to 90 million in the next 40 years .
At the current and projected rates of growth , Uganda is among the five fastest - growing countries on the planet .
This is largely owing to its high fertility ( or birth ) rate , which has dropped only marginally in the last year .
Gender discrimination against women and a lack of family planning information makes it difficult to bring fertility levels down to more beneficial levels .
When birth rates remain high while death rates decrease thanks to the increases in the overall life expectancy of a given population ( usually a product of improvements in health care ) , the population tends to explode .
This is known as the demographic trap , and it is something many poor countries go through during the process of going from an underdeveloped to a developed state .
Not only does the demographic trap put added pressure on individual families as they are forced to compete with others for scarce resources such as food , water , and gainful employment , but it puts pressure on the environment , which is forced to support more people with the same amount of resources .
This means quickened environmental degradation , and some analysts speculate that it will contribute to global warming .
Importantly , these added pressures can worsen poverty and lead to food insecurity .
This , in turn , may also increase the vulnerability of young people to risky behaviours such as crime and prostitution in order to make ends meet .
Prostitution of course makes women more vulnerable to sexually transmitted diseases , including exposure to HIV / AIDS .
Poverty and AIDS deaths can lead to increasing numbers of orphans and child - headed households , which so very often trespass on the right to childhood , for children are left to fend for themselves or assume the domestic duties of their deceased parents and care for any younger siblings .
Today , one and a half million Ugandan children have had one or both parents die of AIDS in the past 27 years .
14 000 children are infected annually .
And , in total , almost 950 000 Ugandans are HIV - positive .
Population trends , family planning decisions , and the AIDS pandemic are intricately related .
In fact , a Ugandan study by University of Alberta grad student Jennifer Heys recently found that , though HIV - positive people admitted to wanting fewer children , they either do n’t have the access to or awareness about contraception to be empowered to successfully see through their family planning preferences .
As such , the consequences of population growth , environmental planning , and family disintegration due to AIDS are thrown into a self - perpetuating cycle called the poverty trap .
Perhaps , it is by no coincidence that the Copenhagen talks on climate change are so close to 1 December , also universally known as World AIDS Day .
Comix is written in Python and uses GTK + through the PyGTK bindings .
If you are using popular Linux distributions like Ubuntu , Fedora , SUSE , and PCLinuxOS , you can get Comix via their respective package managers .
Else , you can get it
Advertisements
Mitt Romney continued his 2012 presidential campaign launch disguised as book tour today on Fox News Sunday , where he claimed that Obama ’s positions are lending support to international 9/11 truthers like Ahmadinejad .
Romney said , “ These sorts of voices should not receive any kind of support from the words of the President of United States . ”
Romney conveniently forgot that the truthers have been around since the days of George W. Bush .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Romney said , “ It also adds fuel to the fire of those who are a part of the blame America crowd .
I saw even Ahmadinejad is even saying 911 is a fabrication .
These sorts of voices should not receive any kind of support from the words of the President of United States .
But I can tell you , that I am glad the the President reversed course in Iraq – he did n’t pull our troops out as he said during the campaign .
He likewise supported our surge efforts in Afghanistan , having voted against the surge in Iraq …
He has done some things right , but his apology tour was one of the things he did very very badly . ”
Advertisements
Once again , Mittens has managed to put his impeccably bad political timing on full display today .
He happened to pull out the GOP talking point that Obama is making America less safe on the same day when American al - Qaeda spokesman Adam Gadahn was arrested in Pakistan .
Romney ’s charge against Obama shows a laughable degree of ignorance in terms of some Muslim attitudes about 9/11 .
There are many people in the Muslim world along with some Americans who share Ahmadinejad ’s beliefs about 9/11 .
Romney is trying to play to the right by claiming that Obama is apologizing for the world , but as the president continues to pile up international successes , it is becoming more difficult presidential wanna bes like Mitt Romney to argue that Obama ’s foreign policy as bad for America .
The one thing that we can count on in politics is that once every four years Mitt Romney will pop up and pander to the right in a desperately futile attempt to win the Republican presidential nomination .
WTF Football Fashion
WTF Football Fashion in Germany ( Bundesliga )
Footballers , Germans and fashion .
It ’s a heady mix .
Best of all is that guy in the background is explaining it for the people who are watching this in black and white :) )
California ’s Anthem Blue Cross justified its whopping 39 percent insurance premium hike by citing rising medical costs .
But , it turns out , its parent company Wellpoint , Inc. has been spending tens of millions on large executive bonuses and fancy retreats .
According to congressional investigators , Wellpoint dished out over $ 1 million in bonuses to each of 39 executives , and spent at least $ 27 million on 103 lavish company trips , McClatchy reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
The revelation throws something of a wrench into the claim by WellPoint ’s president and chief executive officer Angela Braly that the rake hikes were an effort to remain financially solvent , which she said before the House committee .
“ Raising our premiums was not something we wanted to do , ” Braly said .
“ But we believe this was the most prudent choice given the rising cost of care and the problems caused by many younger and healthier policyholders dropping or reducing their coverage during tough economic times . ”
She claimed the company ’s decision was “ actuarially sound and in full compliance with all requirements in the law . ”
Braly herself was paid $ 4.01 million in total compensation in 2009 .
In 2007 , however , her total payout was substantially more , at $ 14.9 million .
Lawmakers grilled her over the increases , concluding through a series of obtained e-mails and company documents that WellPoint has worked to reduce costs by promoting plans with higher co-pays and cost - sharing , according to The Money Times .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ One question we asked is where does all of this money go ? ” asked Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) on Wednesday at a House subcommittee hearing .
“ Corporate executives at WellPoint are thriving , while its policyholders are paying the price . ”
The revelation of Blue Cross ’s rate hikes has led to controversy and fueled the resurgence of the health care reform debate in Congress , which lawmakers from both parties will hold a lengthy televised meeting about Thursday .
Saying that Blue Cross ’ rate hike signals a failure of states to effectively regulate private insurers , President Obama has called for a federal Health Insurance Rate Authority commission to oversee insurance practices .
ADVERTISEMENT
The developments come against a bleak backdrop for the already uninsured .
Over 45 million in America remain uninsured and medical bankruptcies continue to rise , as the nation ’s economic woes threaten to further exacerbate the situation for consumers .
The debate over the Democrats ’ reform proposal appears to be in its final stretch .
The House and Senate have each approved bills , and Democrats are now working to reconcile the differences and create a package that can pass a final motion and be signed into law .
ADVERTISEMENT
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) has said that he ’d use a procedural measure called reconciliation in 60 days if a compromise ca n’t be reached — the procedure would bypass a need to come up with 60 votes in the Senate .
Democrats lost their 60th vote after Massachusetts elected Republican Sen. Scott Brown to fill the seat held by the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy .
Are we ready for 3D ?
As CG supervisor and avid moviegoer , I 'm sad to say that I 'm not convinced we are .
Yet .
And the worse is yet to come , as studios try to milk us all for these half - baked goods .
Advertisement
The only time that I have felt it was worth it was Avatar and even then I wanted to yank the damn thick - rimmed glasses off my face every 3 minutes .
Advertisement
The good Avatar 3D experience happened because James Cameron is a technically savvy director , and thus the 3D aspect of Avatar was technically well executed .
When done right it allows the viewer to more seamlessly enjoy a 3D film .
Done poorly and all it does is get in the way .
One of the reasons I 'm not digging it is that many of the stereoscopic movies have been made 3D after they were shot , which can cause heaps of distractions in the final product .
Even if the film was originally shot 3D it takes someone knowledgeable in the field to make it effective .
Decisions on convergence between the left and right eyes are just as much a part of the visual storytelling as lens choices , lighting , rack focusing , etc .
If you overlook that you get a sloppy 3D experience .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The problem with fake 3D
The process of making a movie 3D after it was shot is a complicated and time consuming process but can be somewhat convincing .
The problem is it will never reflect the same results as if you were filming using two cameras , simultaneously , from slightly different perspectives .
Endless rotoscoping provides layers that can be separated to fake a different perspective for the second eye , but that 's what it looks like , layers .
So yes , you can push things away and pull things forward and enhance the depth , but the content within each layer has no depth .
We use our eyes everyday and whether you know the geek stuff or not it 's just not what we are used to seeing .
The stereo technicians involved in bringing the images to us in 3D in the best possible way have their hands tied in some ways , they 're not often working with two true perspectives .
Advertisement
The problem is it 's expensive and difficult to do it right .
Double the camera gear means double the footage and often doubling the camera crew .
It also doubles much of the visual effects work as you have to render everything twice .
A lot of the old gags we once used to do our " movie magic " no longer work in stereo films .
But what you get is the real thing , a true stereo view of everything in the frame .
Just like a director or cinematographer chooses to focus the camera to direct the viewers eye you must make the same decisions in 3D to direct the convergence of the two eyes .
Not doing this right ( or having to do it with a faked perspective in the second eye ) is like overlooking composition or sound design , it 's crummy movie making .
Advertisement
Avatar hit this right .
They shot it stereo and kept all the depth within screen like it was a window into another world and never tried to wow you with shoving stuff into the theater at you .
When you bring elements of the image into the room you run into the problem of the edge of frame cropping the content .
During the end titles for Alice
In Wonderland they created a false black edge to the screen so that when content did break frame and bring things into the theater they were n't cut off .
But this is n't an option for the duration of the movie unless you 're willing to give up valuable screen space .
IMAX helps relieve this by filling your field of view but we are all far from having IMAX theaters at every cinema and you still have a limited view from within the frame of the glasses .
Milking the 3D cow
This problem will get even worse when you all get sucked into buying a 3D TV for your living room where the size of the screen fills even less of your view .
And now there 's talk on the rumor mill of re-releasing Titanic in 3D ?
Watch out for a flood of classics being shoved down the fake stereoscopic pipeline and into your Blu-ray player for an extra $ 10 .
Hopefully Cameron will continue to help set a higher standard .
Advertisement
And there 's the final nail in this absurd 3D show :
The eyeglasses .
Simply , watching a $ 200 + million dollar movie with $.03 crappy plastic glasses is just silly .
They are not only optically poor but they take almost a full stop of light out of the image .
That 's almost half the amount of light !
None of the prints or projectors I have seen 3D movies in properly compensate to counteract that loss of light .
When I saw Alice In Wonderland at one of the industry screenings — where you think it would be dialed in just right — the image was still painfully dark .
The situation in a majority of theaters out there is as bad or worse .
Click to viewIn the end , do it right or just do n't do it .
Or more importantly , for all the studio execs out there , just because we can does n't mean we should .
Advertisement
Alexander Murphy is the pseudonym of a top CG supervisor in a prominent visual effects studio in Los Angeles , CA .
I did n’t plan on posting anything today , but then I made the mistake of clicking open today ’s piece by everyone ’s favorite bearded - liberal , Paul Krugman , titled “ You ’re So Vain . ”
In just a few short paragraphs , Krugman unintentionally reveals why liberals are still getting their asses handed to them in every serious battle with the Republican Right : the liberal establishment is still convinced it ’s competing in a middle - school civics class debate , which is why Krugman and his staff of middlebrow field marshalls like Jonathan Chait and Robert Waldmann are still whining about the same - old riddle that ’s paralyzed them for 30 straight years :
“ Why do n’t Republicans debate fairly and honestly ? ! ”
And their answer comes down to the same feeble : “ It ’s because Republicans are n’t as good as we liberals are . ”
Here ’s Krugman :
It goes like this : Person A says “ Black is white ” — perhaps out of ignorance , although more often out of a deliberate effort to obfuscate .
Person B says , “ No , black is n’t white — here are the facts . ”
And Person B is considered to have lost the exchange — you see , he came across as arrogant and condescending .
I had , I have to admit , hoped that the nation ’s experience with George W. Bush — who got within hanging - chad distance of the White House precisely because Al Gore was punished for actually knowing stuff — would have cured our discourse of this malady .
But no .
Why not ?
Indeed , why not ?
O the injustice !
How can they not play by the same grammar school civics class rules that you guys do !
It ’s just … not fair , gosh !
Look , for the gazillionth time I ’ll offer one plausible answer to that question : America is not a nice country , and we are not a nice people .
Most American homes are cramped full of petty malice and spite .
Republicans understand the private lives of Americans ; liberals still cling to the public facade that Americans show to each other .
I ’m going to quote myself from an article I wrote for the New York Press back in 2004 , when it was becoming clear that the liberals were going to do their best to lose the election against Bush :
But what if the Truth is that Americans do n’t want to know the Truth ?
What if Americans consciously choose lies over truth when given the chance — and not even very interesting lies , but rather the blandest , dumbest and meanest lies ?
What if Americans are not a likeable people ?
The left ’s wires short - circuit when confronted with this terrible possibility ; the right , on the other hand , warmly embraces Middle America ’s rank soul and exploits it to their full advantage .
The Republicans know Americans better than the left .
They know that it ’s not so much Goering ’s famous “ bigger lie ” that works here , but the dumber the lie , the more they want to hear it repeated .
… If I ’m an obese 40 - something white male living in Ohio or Nevada , locked into a permanent struggle with foreclosure , child support payments and outsourcing threats , then I ’m going to vote for the guy who delivers a big greasy portion of misery to the Sarandon - Robbins dining room table , then brags about it on FoxNews .
Even if it means hurting myself in the process .
Which leaves liberal generals like Krugman so completely clueless about how to battle these creeps that he winds up siccing a human dingleberry named Ezra Klein on them , with devastating results :
( Ezra Klein once described Dick Armey thus : “ He ’s like a stupid person ’s idea of what a thoughtful person sounds like . ” )
Oo , that ’s a zinger !
Atta boy , Ezra !
Wayta pepper ‘ im with the ol ’ one - two !
Memo to Field Marshall Krugman : ass - kissers do n’t make good assassins .
Yes , I know it ’s hard to grasp ; I know that getting slaughtered by the Republican Right for 30 years straight is not much time to learn a lesson like that .
Which is why I ’m here to help explain things .
Your Ezra Klein is not a weapon ; he ’s what you clean your ass with when the baby wipes are out .
Which is fine , everyone likes flattery .
But there ’s a time for everything .
“ Dang , that Ezra Klein just destroyed poor Dick Armey ! ”
Ah fuck it , it ’s useless .
And I ’m already wasting too much time for no good reason .
Look , here ’s the Cliff Notes version : Americans are mean , and they do n’t like losers .
Siding with the liberals ’
Army of Feebleness has proven , once again , to be like volunteering for Custer ’s Army , only this is worse : it ’s like joining Custer for the straight - to - DVD remake of Little Big Horn , a remake that ’s getting a little old by now .
Who wants to go through that all over again ?
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal , and the co-author of The eXile : Sex , Drugs and Libel in the New Russia ( Grove ) .
Click the cover & buy the book !
Glenside , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- President Obama on Monday tore into private health insurers for recent rate hikes , taking a more aggressive rhetorical turn as he pushes for final congressional passage of his top domestic priority .
Obama repeated his assertion that the plan under consideration includes the best Democratic and Republican ideas .
The time for debate has ended , he argued .
Congress " owes the American people a final up or down vote on health care .
It 's time to make a decision , " he told an enthusiastic crowd at Arcadia University near Philadelphia .
" Stand with me and fight with me .
...
Let 's seize reform .
It 's within our grasp . "
The administration is ramping up its health care push in the coming weeks .
The White House has called for legislation to be on the president 's desk at the end of March before the congressional Easter vacation .
Two Democratic leadership aides told CNN last week that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , is aiming to have the House of Representatives pass the Senate 's health care bill by March 17 .
A separate package of changes designed in part to make the overall measure more palatable to House liberals then would be approved by both chambers through a legislative maneuver known as reconciliation .
Bills passed under reconciliation require a Senate majority of 51 votes .
Democrats lost their filibuster - proof , 60 - seat Senate supermajority with the January election of Sen. Scott Brown , R- Massachusetts .
Obama opened his remarks Monday by targeting Anthem Blue Cross in California for recently boosting its rates by almost 40 percent .
A diabetic Philadelphia - area woman introduced the president .
Her insurer reportedly told her in January that her rates would more than double .
" The price of health care is one of the most punishing costs for families , businesses and our government , " Obama said .
" The insurance companies continue to ration health care .
...
That 's the status quo in America , and it's a status quo that 's unsustainable . "
Insurance companies , the president argued , have made a calculation .
He cited a recent Goldman Sachs conference call in which an insurance broker told investors that insurers are willing to lose some customers through premium hikes because of an overall lack of competition in the industry .
" They will keep doing this for as long as they can get away with it , " Obama said .
" How much higher do premiums have to rise until we do something about it ?
How many more Americans have to lose their health insurance ?
How many more businesses have to drop coverage ? "
Obama dismissed GOP criticism that his nearly $ 1 trillion proposal fails to control spiraling medical costs .
" You had 10 years , " Obama said in reference to GOP control of Congress .
" What were you doing ? "
He also brushed aside warnings by political observers that health care reform may lead to major Democratic losses in midterm elections .
Washington is " obsessed with the sport of politics , " he said .
" We have debated health care in Washington for more than a year .
...
When 's the right time ?
If not now , when ?
If not us , who ? "
Meanwhile , the Senate 's top Republican made it clear Sunday his party wo n't relax any of its efforts to halt the reform package .
" What the American people would like us to do is not make this gargantuan mistake , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , told ABC's " This Week . "
If the bill does go through , avoiding a GOP filibuster by using the reconciliation tactic in the Senate , the battle moves to its next stage .
" Every election this fall will be a referendum on this bill , " McConnell said .
Obama said Monday he's not inclined to take " advice about what 's good for Democrats " from McConnell .
But " the issue here is not the politics of it , " he asserted , saying Congress and the president were sent to Washington to " solve the big challenges . "
A source said : “ Tony has already said that he would be delighted to come back , and Gordon has said that he would be happy for him to return whenever he likes , so we will have to wait and see . ”
The United States Department of Energy offered a $ 1.37 billion loan guarantee on Monday to a California company planning to build a large - scale solar power plant in the Southern California desert .
The loan guarantee for BrightSource Energy of Oakland , Calif. , is the largest the department has given for a solar power project .
BrightSource ’s planned project , the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System , is the first utility - scale solar power plant to undergo licensing in California in nearly two decades .
It would use solar thermal technology , in which mirrors concentrate sunlight to heat a fluid and generate steam .
If built , it would be the largest of its kind .
“ We ’re not going to sit on the sidelines while other countries capture the jobs of the future  we ’re committed to becoming the global leader in the clean energy economy , ” Steven Chu , the energy secretary , said in a statement .
One of the most important principles of the web is portability : a web page renders and behaves the same way , regardless of the browser ’s operating system or the type of hardware it ’s running on .
When we first released Native Client a year ago , we supported all popular operating systems ( Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux ) but only on machines with x86 processors .
Today , we ’re happy to say that you can build and run Native Client binaries for all of the most popular processor architectures : x86-32 , x86-64 , and ARM .
Even better , our initial benchmarks indicate that Native Client executables perform at 97 % of the speed of an unmodified executable on both ARM and x86 - 64 processors .
These results indicate that a browser running on virtually any modern computer or cell phone could run a fast , performance - sensitive Native Client application .
Without getting too fancy -- even without counting the gazillion dollars of derivatives floating around , and all the off - balance accounting tricks of the banks , etc. -- this is the definition of insolvency ( debts exceed assets ) .
Astute correspondent Angry Saver submitted two charts for our review , and some explanatory commentary .
In the new eCONomy , " Extra Credit " is n't what it used to be !
Maybe that 's because " credit " is a warm and fuzzy name for DEBT !
With all the financial propaganda that 's spewed about by the MSM , it 's very easy to lose sight of the big picture .
With that in mind , I wanted to share two of my charts with you .
The two charts compare two broad and distinct measures over time - total credit market debt and total household & non -profit net worth .
I was trying to show the broadest debt / wealth picture possible and avoid comparisons to GDP .
In general , I think the focus on GDP ( basically spending ) misses the point - the excessive level of debt in the system .
Admittedly , it 's an imperfect comparison based on imperfect measures , but very telling nonetheless ( imho anyway ) .
Hopefully the following will help clarify the charts .
All data is from the Fed 's Flow of Funds tables .
Total credit market debt is a measure of ALL issued debt in the system including state , local and federal government debt , household debt ( mortgage , consumer , etc. ) , non-financial business debt , financial debt and foreign debt .
Social Security
Trust funds debts of ~ $ 5 trillion are NOT included as they are not marketable and explicit debts of the U.S. Government .
Though not all - encompassing , Household and non-profit net worth is a broad and widely recognized measure of a nation 's net wealth , including real estate , plant , equipment , stocks , bonds , etc .
Wealth / resources such as national parks are not measured / included .
( Off topic - the debt creators and wealth extractors are already scheming to transform these types of shared and generally free wealth into rental streams .
Beware !
The last thing we need is for banksters and CONgress critters to transform existing and shared wealth into yet more unproductive debt .
Grrrrrr ! )
Our credit system is primarily based on collateral .
So in a way , the charts show how much collateral has been monetized and is available for monetization at a given point in time .
It 's a dynamic system affected by many factors such as interest rates and credit policies .
As the charts show , total credit market debt now exceeds total household net worth for the first time !
Note : I used an average of household net worth for years 2008 & 2009 to dampen some of the huge swings in asset values .
For all other years the household net worth data is as of the end of Q4 , per the Flow of Funds .
The averages I used for 2008 & 2009 made 2008 look slightly better and 2009 slightly worse , but I think the averages are more representative of the trend most people are experiencing .
I also think the averages remove some of the huge distortions created by the Fed and mark - to - fantasy accounting .
As a point of reference , at the end of Q1 , 2009 , household net worth was only 92 % of total debt and falling fast !
Is it any wonder Bernanke started quantitatively ( dis ) easing and CONgress suspended mark to market accounting rules in March of 2009 ?
If a nation 's issued debt exceeds the total net - wealth of its citizens , exactly where is the collateral for more lending ?
Is it wise to preserve trillions in unproductive and fraudulently issued debt ?
Is it wise to allow a few members of the Fed to imbue so much un-earned wealth and power to the issuers and holders of said debt ?
So much for being the wealthiest nation ever .
Financial innovation ?
Please .
A pyramid of ponzi debt .
In some circles , when the debt of a nation exceeds the wealth of the nation 's people , it means insolvency .
Yeah , yeah , I know , it 's a check book system .... we owe ourselves ... financial debt is double counting .
Bah !
Hogwash !
For numerous reasons , our actual financial situation is much worse than shown in the charts .
For one , assets values are still very rich on a historical basis , though low rates do offer support for current values .
For another , the total debt numbers do NOT include the ~ $ 5 trillion in trust fund debts for social ( in ) security , etc .
For yet another , tens of trillions of future medical and retirement liabilities are not included either .
I could go on and on about competitiveness , demographics , wealth distribution , etc. , but there 's no need .
As I see it , we do n't just have a wealth distribution problem , we have TOO MUCH DEBT relative to our wealth .
Maybe it 's just me , but I find it very troubling that our Government is willing to explicitly guarantee Wall St. bank debts and trillions in fraudulent Wall St. credit , but they wo n't explicitly guarantee entitlements that people have been paying taxes into for decades .
Hank Paulson 's recent op - ed in the WSJ claiming we had to get a handle on entitlements should be a wake up call for the majority .
When a Wall St. operative like Paulson wants to " address " entitlements , it likely means the majority are about to be short - changed .
I 'm not making a judgment about whether or not we can afford all of the promised entitlements .
The point I am making is that the opinions of Paulson and all the other Wall Street bailout recipients should be viewed very critically .
Credit creation in a fiat system is a privilege .
Used wisely , credit can increase output without inflation .
Under the stewardship of venal bonus seeking bankers like Paulson , the credit creation privilege was used to extract wealth rather than create wealth .
The Fed and their policy of inflation enabled Wall Street to skim trillions from Main Street .
Decades of reckless credit creation , bubbles and shams .
Cui bono ?
Hank Paulson and Wall Street .
Why would anyone value their opinions ?
As always , comments and criticisms are welcomed .
Thank you , Angry Saver , for an excellent explanation of your sobering charts .
I know there are quibbles to be made about the balance sheet represented here .
Some will no doubt claim that Muir Woods , the Hoover Dam , the Strategic Oil Reserve , etc. , are worth trillions , but this is a pointless " feel - good " exercise because the Federal government is not selling Muir Woods , the Hoover Dam , and the Strategic Oil Reserve .
( Local governments are however rapidly selling or leasing their parking meters , toll roads , etc. , in a desperate attempt to raise enough money to fund their pension obligations for the next six months . )
The salient fact is that all public debt is a liability against taxpayers who have to pay interest on that debt .
The only " real " thing about the trillions in public debt is the $ 450 billion the taxpayers spend on interest every year ( and that 's just Federal debt , not state and local government bonds debt ) .
Even if someone were to conjure up $ 20 trillion in government - owned assets ( " get your world - class global Empire right here ! " ) , as Angry Saver noted , you would also have to include the future liabilities of Social Security , Medicare / Medicaid , Veterans Administration benefits , etc. , which are conservatively estimated at $ 60 + trillion .
And then there 's the little matter of the $ 1.6 trillion Federal deficits piling up every year until Doomsday .
I think a very strong case can be made that the real estate , stock and bond assets of the U.S. are grossly overvalued , and once interest rates rise to more typical levels ( as they most assuredly will ) then an easy $ 10 trillion will be instantly shaved off the bloated valuations of all interest - rate - sensitive assets , which include real estate , stocks and bonds .
Given the absurd overvaluations currently hidden by " marked - to - fantasy " assets in bank balance sheets , I would guess we 're actually $ 5 trillion in the hole right now , were all assets instantly marked to market .
It is tiresome indeed to hear the constant exhortations of the Status Quo and the MSM touting more debt as the solution to our " growth problem . "
Garsh , do you think the " growth problem " might be causally linked to the " debt problem " ?
We 're bankrupt , Baby .
The travesty of a mockery of a sham can be extended for a time ( at least until the November elections ) , but it cannot be extended indefinitely .
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
A town council 's decision to rip out a page from a guest book signed by the Israeli ambassador was criticised by the Irish Foreign Minister .
Local representatives in Carrickmacross , Co Monaghan , voted to remove Dr Zion Evrony 's signature from the distinguished visitors ' register in protest at his country 's diplomatic track record .
The council 's move came after reports that fake Irish passports had been used by suspected Israeli assassins in the killing of a Hamas leader in Dubai .
Micheal Martin , fresh from a trip to war - ravaged Gaza , said all international ambassadors deserved to be treated respectfully .
" I fully understand and share the deep concerns which many people in Ireland feel in regard to Israel 's policies on a number of issues , " he said .
" However , it is a basic principle of relations between states that we treat each other 's diplomatic representatives with civility and respect , regardless of any policy differences . "
Mr Martin said he had raised concerns about the passport controversy and the West Bank issue when he met the Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman and visited Gaza last week .
News of the Carrickmacross decision has spread to the international media , with the Jewish Chronicle likening the town council 's vote to a scene from TV comedy Father Ted .
Local Sinn Fein councillor Matt Carthy , who tabled the visitors ' book motion , said he hoped the removal of the page would send a serious message to the Israeli government .
Mr Carthy , who took part in a protest during Ambassador Evrony 's visit to the market town in January , said the decision was not a snub to all Israelis .
" Certainly any Israeli individual who wanted to visit Carrickmacross is very welcome to visit but this was an official visit which meant our council was associated with it , " he said .
" This is a visit that was organised without the approval of the council .
I think maybe the ambassador should wait until he 's invited somewhere before he invites himself . "
PA Media
This is the British box art for the upcoming city builder / RTS Settlers 7 :
This is the American box art :
Same game , two very different tones .
The British box is light and happy and full of daylight .
The American box is dark and grim and full of fear .
The British box says “ This is a fun game ” , the American box says “ Games are serious business . ”
What does it say about Ubisoft ’s opinion of strategy gamers that they think that dark is what sells in America ?
And does n’t this art go explicitly against the idea that Settlers 7 is going after a different audience than traditional RTSes ?
Because a black box with a grizzled soldier guy ( weird since the hero of the campaign is a heroine ) targets the exact same audience that other strategy games are going after .
In fact , the same audience that every PC game without the word “ Sims ” in the title is going after .
( Thanks to Nabeel Burney of Slowdown for pointing me to it .
He found the links to the To The Game images on the twitter feed of Alex May , developer of Eufloria . )
In an experiment IBM researchers used the fourth most powerful supercomputer in the world - a Blue Gene / P system at the Forschungszentrum Julich in Germany - to validate nine terabytes of data in less than 20 minutes , without compromising accuracy .
Ordinarily , using the same system , this would take more than a day .
Additionally , the process used just one percent of the energy that would typically be required .
In a press release last week , IBM hailed a " breakthrough method based on a mathematical algorithm that reduces the computational complexity , costs , and energy usage for analyzing the quality of massive amounts of data by two orders of magnitude .
This new method will greatly help enterprises extract and use the data more quickly and efficiently to develop more accurate and predictive models . "
OK , I ’m a sucker for anything that does something a lot faster – even if I do n’t quite understand how it does it .
So I have to write a least a little bit about the paper that three IBM researchers submitted documenting their technique and results .
I was faced with a blizzard of phrases such as “ Inverse covariance matrices , ” “ Matrix factorizations , ” “ Cubit cost , ” and this helpful explanation : “ First , we turned to stochastic estimation of the diagonal . ”
These terms , plus many others that I also do n’t understand , are in just the abstract ; the body of the paper seems considerably more technical and complex .
The one phrase that I fully understood was : “ We stress that the techniques presented in this work are quite general and applicable to several other important applications . ”
And this is an important phrase , because it means that using this technique ( and others that smart guys are working on right now ) , we ’ll be able to see orders of magnitude improvement in other analytic tasks that use vast amounts of data .
It ’s always good to see progress .
In case you ’re interested , here are some pictures of the guys who came up with it – mostly shots of them standing around looking smarter than any of us .
Overview
Across predominantly Muslim nations , there is little enthusiasm for the extremist Islamic organizations Hamas and Hezbollah , although there are pockets of support for both groups , especially in the Middle East .
Four years after its victory in Palestinian parliamentary elections , Hamas receives relatively positive ratings in Jordan ( 56 % favorable ) and Egypt ( 52 % ) .
However , Palestinians are more likely to give the group a negative ( 52 % ) than a positive ( 44 % ) rating .
And reservations about Hamas are particularly common in the portion of the Palestinian territories it controls — just 37 % in Gaza express a favorable opinion , compared with 47 % in the West Bank .
A survey conducted May 18 to June 16 , 2009 by the Pew Research Center ’s Global Attitudes Project also finds limited support for the Lebanese Shia organization Hezbollah .
While most Palestinians ( 61 % ) and about half of Jordanians ( 51 % ) have a favorable view of Hezbollah , elsewhere opinions are less positive , including Egypt ( 43 % ) and Lebanon ( 35 % ) .
As with many issues in Lebanon , views of Hezbollah are sharply divided along religious lines : nearly all of the country ’s Shia Muslims ( 97 % ) express a positive opinion of the organization , while only 18 % of Christians and 2 % of Sunni Muslims feel this way .
Meanwhile , Turks overwhelmingly reject both groups — just 5 % give Hamas a positive rating and only 3 % say this about Hezbollah .
There is also little support among Israel ’s Arab population for either Hamas ( 21 % favorable ) or Hezbollah ( 27 % ) .
Outside of the Middle East , many in Pakistan , Indonesia , and Nigeria are unable to offer an opinion about these groups .
Lukewarm support for extremist groups among Muslim publics is consistent with other Pew Global Attitudes findings in recent years , which have shown declining public support for extremism and suicide bombing among most Muslim populations .
The same surveys have also found decreasing confidence in Osama bin Laden .
In addition , a 2009 Pew Global Attitudes survey in Pakistan — a country currently plagued by extremist violence — found growing opposition to both al Qaeda and the Taliban .
Little Enthusiasm for Most Muslim Leaders
There is limited enthusiasm for most of the Muslim political figures tested on the survey , with the exception of Saudi King Abdullah , who is easily the most popular .
In Jordan ( 92 % ) and Egypt ( 83 % ) for example , large majorities say they have confidence that King Abdullah will do the right thing in world affairs .
The king receives quite positive ratings outside the Middle East as well , especially in the largely Muslim Asian nations Pakistan ( 64 % ) and Indonesia ( 61 % ) .
However , the Saudi monarch does not receive high marks everywhere — only 8 % of Turks voice confidence in him .
And overall his ratings are less positive than they were in 2007 .
Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah receives less positive reviews .
Only 37 % of Lebanese overall express confidence in Nasrallah ; however , the country ’s Shia community shows almost unanimous confidence in him ( 97 % ) .
He also receives relative high marks in the Palestinian territories , and especially in the West Bank , where 71 % say they think he will do the right thing in international affairs .
Confidence in Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has declined since 2007 , especially in the neighboring countries of Egypt ( 67 % confidence in 2007 ; 33 % in 2009 ) and Jordan ( 53 % in 2007 ; 33 % in 2009 ) .
His ratings have dropped slightly among Palestinians overall ( from 56 % in 2007 to 52 % in 2009 ) ; however , they have declined markedly among Gazans , falling from 69 % to 51 % .
Even before their disputed elections last year , both Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad were generally unpopular among most of the Muslim publics surveyed .
Ahmadinejad ’s highest ratings are in the Palestinian territories ( 45 % confidence ) and Indonesia ( 43 % ) , although even among these publics fewer than half express a positive view of his leadership .
There is no country in which even 40 % express confidence in Karzai , and in Pakistan ( 10 % ) , Turkey ( 7 % ) and Lebanon ( 7 % ) one - in - ten or fewer hold this view .
As mentioned previously , ratings for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden have generally declined in recent years , and he receives little support among most Muslim publics .
However , about half ( 51 % ) of Palestinians express confidence in him and in Nigeria , 54 % - majority of the country ’s Muslim population say they are confident in bin Laden ’s leadership .
In Pakistan , where many believe bin Laden is now hiding , only 18 % express confidence in him , although 35 % do not offer an opinion .
Very few Turks ( 3 % ) or Lebanese ( 2 % ) express support for the terrorist leader .
Across most of the 25 nations included in the spring 2009 Pew Global Attitudes survey , U.S. President Barack Obama received positive reviews , although this was less true in predominantly Muslim countries .
Even so , his ratings were consistently higher than those of his predecessor , George W. Bush , and in some cases higher than for the Muslim leaders included on the survey .
For example , only 33 % in Turkey have confidence in Obama , but this is still more support than Abbas , Nasrallah , Abdullah , Ahmadinejad , or Karzai receive .
And the American president is quite popular among some largely Muslim publics , especially in Indonesia , where he spent several years as a child : 71 % of Indonesians voice confidence in him .
Obama is also popular among Nigerian Muslims ( 81 % ) , Israeli Arabs ( 69 % ) , and Lebanese Sunnis ( 65 % ) .
Sunni-Shia Conflict
There is a widespread perception among Muslims that conflict between Sunnis and Shia is not limited to Iraq ’s borders .
In nine nations , Muslim respondents were asked whether the tensions between Sunnis and Shia are limited to Iraq or are a growing problem in the Muslim world more generally , and in seven of those nations , a majority of Muslims say it is a broader problem .
This is a rare point of agreement among Muslims in Lebanon , a country that has experienced considerable sectarian conflict for decades .
Overall , 95 % of Lebanese Muslims Sunni-Shia tensions are a broad problem in the Muslim world , including 99 % of Sunnis and 91 % of Shia .
Most Pakistani , Egyptian , Jordanian and Nigerian Muslims also see a general problem that is not limited to Iraq .
Israel ’s Muslim minority community is roughly divided on this question — 42 % say it is a more general problem , while 38 % feel it is limited to Iraq .
Indonesia is the outlier on this question — 25 % of Indonesian Muslims say Sunni-Shia tensions are a general problem , while almost half ( 47 % ) think it is essentially a problem for Iraq ( 28 % offer no opinion ) .
Lebanon ’s Growing Divide
On several measures , the already large divides between Sunni and Shia in Lebanon are growing even wider .
For instance , in 2007 94 % of Sunnis and 57 % of Shia expressed confidence in Saudi King Abdullah ; in 2009 , 94 % of Sunnis and only 8 % of Shia hold this view .
A similar example is evident in attitudes toward Hamas .
Although it is a predominantly Sunni organization , Hamas has grown from generally popular among Lebanese Shia in 2008 ( 64 % favorable ) to almost universally popular in 2009 ( 91 % ) , while Sunni support for the group has gone from low ( 9 % ) to almost nonexistent ( 1 % ) .
Notably , views of the U.S. have grown more polarized , as the result of a shift of opinion among Lebanese Sunni .
Positive attitudes among Sunnis have grown from 62 %
in 2008 to 90 % in 2009 .
However , only 2 % of Shia Muslims currently express a positive opinion of the U.S. , barely an improvement from last year ’s 0 % .
Also of Note :
MIA > Archive >
Connolly
James Connolly
Let Us Free Ireland !
( 1899 )
From Workers ’ Republic , 1899 .
Transcribed by The James Connolly Society in 1997 .
Let us free Ireland !
Never mind such base , carnal thoughts as concern work and wages , healthy homes , or lives unclouded by poverty .
Let us free Ireland !
The rackrenting landlord ; is he not also an Irishman , and wherefore should we hate him ?
Nay , let us not speak harshly of our brother – yea , even when he raises our rent .
Let us free Ireland !
The profit - grinding capitalist , who robs us of three - fourths of the fruits of our labour , who sucks the very marrow of our bones when we are young , and then throws us out in the street , like a worn - out tool when we are grown prematurely old in his service , is he not an Irishman , and mayhap a patriot , and wherefore should we think harshly of him ?
Let us free Ireland !
“ The land that bred and bore us . ”
And the landlord who makes us pay for permission to live upon it .
Whoop it up for liberty !
“ Let us free Ireland , ” says the patriot who wo n’t touch Socialism .
Let us all join together and cr-r-rush the br-r-rutal Saxon .
Let us all join together , says he , all classes and creeds .
And , says the town worker , after we have crushed the Saxon and freed Ireland , what will we do ?
Oh , then you can go back to your slums , same as before .
Whoop it up for liberty !
And , says the agricultural workers , after we have freed Ireland , what then ?
Oh , then you can go scraping around for the landlord ’s rent or the money - lenders ’ interest same as before .
Whoop it up for liberty !
After Ireland is free , says the patriot who wo n’t touch socialism , we will protect all classes , and if you wo n’t pay your rent you will be evicted same as now .
But the evicting party , under command of the sheriff , will wear green uniforms and the Harp without the Crown , and the warrant turning you out on the roadside will be stamped with the arms of the Irish Republic .
Now , is n’t that worth fighting for ?
And when you cannot find employment , and , giving up the struggle of life in despair , enter the poorhouse , the band of the nearest regiment of the Irish army will escort you to the poorhouse door to the tune of St. Patrick 's Day .
Oh !
It will be nice to live in those days !
“ With the Green Flag floating o ’er us ” and an ever - increasing army of unemployed workers walking about under the Green Flag , wishing they had something to eat .
Same as now !
Whoop it up for liberty !
Now , my friend , I also am Irish , but I ’m a bit more logical .
The capitalist , I say , is a parasite on industry ; as useless in the present stage of our industrial development as any other parasite in the animal or vegetable world is to the life of the animal or vegetable upon which it feeds .
The working class is the victim of this parasite – this human leech , and it is the duty and interest of the working class to use every means in its power to oust this parasite class from the position which enables it to thus prey upon the vitals of labour .
Therefore , I say , let us organise as a class to meet our masters and destroy their mastership ; organise to drive them from their hold upon public life through their political power ; organise to wrench from their robber clutch the land and workshops on and in which they enslave us ; organise to cleanse our social life from the stain of social cannibalism , from the preying of man upon his fellow man .
Organise for a full , free and happy life FOR ALL OR FOR NONE .
Top of the page
Last updated on 7.8.2003
CIA officers in Afghanistan were so eager to meet the spy they believed would help them crack al - Qaida 's leadership , they planned a birthday celebration complete with cake for his visit in December , according to officials .
But before they could begin to question their source , he detonated a powerful bomb , killing himself and seven CIA employees , in one of the deadliest attacks in the agency 's history .
Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi , a 36 - year - old doctor who had been recruited by Jordanian intelligence officials , was a double agent .
The account , confirmed by current and former officials briefed on the case , is the latest evidence that CIA officials at the Afghan base had trusted Balawi and wanted to build rapport with him .
The bombing not only weakened US intelligence operations , it started a contentious debate within the intelligence community about whether the CIA was too lax with its security .
The CIA director , Leon Panetta , has scoffed at suggestions that security lapses were to blame for the attack .
But it remains unclear why there was such a large contingent around Balawi when the bomb erupted .
It was not unusual for CIA officers to offer gestures such as a birthday cake or a small gift for spies they oversee , former intelligence officials said .
Such gestures lightened the mood , relieved pressure and convinced an informant of his importance .
" Normally though , that 's something you do after you 've established a relationship , " said the former CIA and National Security Council official Bruce Riedel , who was not aware of the CIA 's birthday plans for Balawi .
" It 's not something you do on the first date . "
Such celebrations are typically discreet affairs , involving one or two officers .
In this case , several officials were nearby when Balawi arrived at the CIA 's Afghan base .
In addition to the seven that were killed , six others were wounded .
In an interview made public after his death , Balawi said he knew in advance he was meeting " an entire CIA team . "
He said he had been planning to kidnap or kill his Jordanian intelligence contact , but the chance to kill CIA officers was too tempting .
" We planned for something , but got a bigger gift .
A gift from Allah , who brought us , through his accompaniment , a valuable prey : Americans from the CIA , " Balawi said .
" That 's when I became certain that the best way to teach Jordanian intelligence and the CIA a lesson is with the martyrdom belt . "
Balawi's contacts with Jordanian intelligence , one of the CIA 's most trusted partners in the Middle East , gave him credibility .
He was thought to have critical intelligence about al - Qaida 's second - in - command , Ayman al - Zawahri , and was not searched before meeting the CIA agents .
Shortly after the attack , Panetta rejected criticism that poor spycraft was to blame .
" That 's like saying marines who die in a firefight brought it upon themselves , because they have poor war - fighting skills , " Panetta wrote in a Washington Post article .
Robert Baer , a former Middle East CIA operative , heaped criticism on the agency in this month 's GQ magazine .
Baer said the senior officer at the base was " in over her head " and should never have let so many people meet the source .
" Informants should always be met one - on - one , " Baer wrote .
A CIA spokesman , George Little , said of former employees turned critics : " They do n't have all the facts of this case , yet they criticise those who were on the frontlines on 30 December , including some whose lives were taken .
That 's disgraceful .
" Informed criticism can be very valuable .
Some of the junk I 've seen in the press , clearly is n't . "
Sarkozy 's Crisis A Weary French President Battons Down Hatches for Tough Regional Elections
He 's unpopular , he 's isolated and he has made enemies within his own party .
President Nicolas Sarkozy is having trouble finding any success .
Regional elections across the country threaten to turn into a debacle for the French leader 's conservative UMP party .
First , nearly all of his American advertisers fled when he called President Obama “ a racist ” with “ a deep seated hatred for white people ” .
Next , he lost all of the sponsors on his United Kingdom broadcasts .
Now , Christians are boycotting Glenn Beck as a consequence of his urging of audience members to leave their churches if they promote “ social justice ” .
The liberal evangelical leader , Jim Wallis of Washington D.C. feels that Beck ’s shows are unlistenable and unwatchable and he said ,
What he has said attacks the very heart of our Christian faith and Christians should no longer watch his show .
Last week Glenn Beck told his radio audience to search for certain “ code words ” on the websites of their churches .
He told them that if they found such terms as “ social justice ” and “ economic justice ” then they should leave their church .
The reason to leave he said , was because those words indicate that the church supports socialism or communism or Nazism .
More specifically , Glenn Beck said ,
I beg you , look for the words ‘ social justice ’ or ‘ economic justice ’ on your church Web site .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice , they are code words .
Now , am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes !
Someone over at the Fox network should have advised their resident lunatic that Christians do not take lightly to attacks upon their faith .
But would it have made any difference ?
Probably not .
Glenn
Beck is merely a cartoonish oaf that seems to lack the ability to think through a subject before vomiting it out of his pie hole .
And to carry the analogy a bit further , the network is then left to clean up his mess .
Faith bashing however , may prove to be Glenn Beck ’s final insult .
With the loss of church goers to go along with the loss of people of color and mainstream sponsors , Beck is left only with an audience of flash in the pan fanatical Tea -Baggers .
Methinks the end is near .
Perhaps we should thank GOD .
Please remember to click on the song link below to familiarize yourselves with the tune and to have more fun singing along with this newly penned song parody .
Please enjoy .
Beth song link :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uABnCLr4Pp0
BECK
( sung to the Kiss song “ Beth ” )
Beck we hear you calling
We can hear you droning now
We do n’t care what you ’re saying
You are simply background sound
Just a few more hours
And we ’ll be all done with you
Boycotts have ratings falling
Oh , Beck what can you do ?
Beck what can you do ?
Your skull is so damn empty
A receding , balding dome
Soon you ’ll be somewhere else
But you ’re sure to be alone
The Fox Network powers
Will soon be all done with you
I think I hear them calling
Oh , Beck what can you do ?
Beck what can you do ?
( musical interlude )
Beck , we know you ’re lonely
And you ’re really in a plight
‘ Cuz your last show will be broadcasting tonight .
PC gaming headsets are n't really something you think of when the word ' stylish ' comes up -- in fact , you can usually file them somewhere after fanny packs and parachute pants for style points .
Sony 's aiming to change that a bit with a new series of ' phones , and we have to say , they may have just pulled it off .
The DR - 350USB , DR - 320DPV and DR - 310DPV headsets feature updated stylings , but other than that , they 're pretty standard headsets , with features like volume controls and voice muting .
Unfortunately for most of us , these headsets will only be available in Asia when they arrive in March .
There 's one more shot after the break .
The US is facing a surge in anti-government extremist groups and armed militias , driven by deepening hostility on the right to Barack Obama , anger over the economy , and the increasing propagation of conspiracy theories by parts of the mass media such as Fox News .
The Southern Poverty Law Centre , the US 's most prominent civil rights group focused on hate organisations , said in a report that extremist " patriot " groups " came roaring back to life " last year as their number jumped nearly 250 % to more than 500 with deepening ties to conservative mainstream politics .
The SPLC report , called Rage on the Right , said the rise in extremist groups was " a cause for grave concern " given their propensity to use violence during their heyday in the 90s , most notably with the Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people .
It added that the issues driving support for such groups were increasingly populist and that " signs of growing radicalisation are everywhere " .
" Patriot groups have been fuelled by anger over the changing demographics of the country , the soaring public debt , the troubled economy and an array of initiatives by President Obama that have been branded " socialist " or even " fascist " by his political opponents , " the report said .
" Already there are signs of … violence emanating from the radical right .
Since the installation of Barack Obama , rightwing extremists have murdered six law enforcement officers .
Racist skinheads and others have been arrested in alleged plots to assassinate the nation 's first black president .
One man from Brockton , Massachusetts – who told police he had learned on white supremacist websites that a genocide was under way against whites – is charged with murdering two black people and planning to kill as many Jews as possible on the day after Obama 's inauguration .
Most recently , a rash of individuals with anti-government , survivalist or racist views have been arrested in a series of bomb cases . "
The report says the patriot movement has " made significant inroads into the conservative political scene " in part driven by a growing view of the US administration " as part of a plot to impose ' one - world government ' on liberty - loving Americans " .
" The Tea Parties and similar groups that have sprung up in recent months cannot fairly be considered extremist groups , but they are shot through with rich veins of radical ideas , conspiracy theories and racism , " the report says .
The SPLC notes that the rise comes as part of a deepening disillusionment with government in which just one quarter of Americans think government can be trusted .
It said that a recent poll found that the anti-tax Tea Party movement is viewed in more positive terms than the Democratic or Republican parties .
" The signs of growing radicalisation are everywhere .
Armed men have come to Obama speeches bearing signs suggesting that the ' tree of liberty ' needs to be ' watered ' with ' the blood of tyrants ' .
The Conservative Political Action Conference held this February was co-sponsored by groups like the John Birch Society , which believes President Eisenhower was a communist agent , and Oath Keepers , a patriot outfit formed last year that suggests , in thinly veiled language , that the government has secret plans to declare martial law and intern patriotic Americans in concentration camps , " the SPLC said .
The report says that , unlike during the 1990s , the patriot movement 's core ideas are more widely propagated and accepted by prominent politicians and some in the mass media , such as the Fox News presenter Glenn Beck .
" As the movement has exploded , so has the reach of its ideas , aided and abetted by commentators and politicians in the ostensible mainstream , " said the report .
" Beck , for instance , reinvigorated a key patriot conspiracy theory – the charge that the federal emergency management agency is secretly running concentration camps – before finally ' debunking ' it . "
How far such language is now part of the mainstream political discourse was confirmed by Politico today , which reported that it had obtained a Republican national committee document detailing plans to raise election funds with " an aggressive campaign capitalising on ' fear ' of President Barack Obama " and a promise to " save the country from trending toward socialism " .
In the presentation , the administration is portrayed as " the Evil Empire " , and Obama as the Joker in Batman .
Patriot groups and militias are planning a march on Washington next month ostensibly in defence of the right to carry guns .
Armed and angry
The SPLC has identified 512 groups , including " patriots " and militias , which it accuses of pushing extreme anti-government doctrines or promoting political conspiracy theories .
It says that many are not directly involved in violence but help feed extremism .
States with several groups include : Texas ( 52 groups including American Patriots for Freedom Foundation , Central Texas Militia , Texas Well Regulated Militia ) ; Michigan ( 47 including Northern Michigan Backyard Protection Militia ) ; California ( 22 including State of California Unorganized Militia , Northern California State Militia , American Armenian Militia , Freedom Force International ) ; Indiana ( 21 including Indiana Sedentary Militia , Indiana Citizens Volunteer Militia , 3rd Brigade ) ; New York ( 17 including Empire State Militia ) ; Oregon ( 14 including Oregon Militia Corps ) and Kentucky ( 13 including Kentucky State Militia – Ohio Valley Command ) .
Readers ' Favorites
Discover the books and authors that readers are buzzing about .
Discover the books and authors that readers are buzzing about .
Discover the books and authors that readers are buzzing about .
Discover the books and authors that readers are buzzing about .
Discover the books and authors that readers are buzzing …
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Stronger and more lasting memories are likely to be formed when a person is relaxed and the memory - related neurons in the brain fire in sync with certain brain waves , scientists said on Wednesday .
A woman meditates in a file photo .
REUTERS / File
Researchers from the United States said their findings could help develop new therapies for people with learning disabilities and some types of dementia .
“ This study establishes a direct relationship between events at the circuit level of the brain ... and their effects on human behavior , ” said Ueli Rutishauser of the California Institute of Technology , who worked on the study .
Synchronization in the brain is influenced by “ theta waves ” which are associated with relaxation , daydreaming and drowsiness , but also with learning and memory formation , the scientists explained in the study in the journal Nature .
While scientists already know that relaxed minds are better at receiving new information , this study pinpoints a mechanism by which relaxation neurons work together to improve memory .
“ Our research shows that when memory - related neurons are well coordinated to theta waves during the learning process , memories are stronger , ” said Adam Mamelak , a neurosurgeon at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
PHOTOGRAPHIC MEMORIES
Erin Schuman of the California Institute of Technology , who also worked on the study , said many learning disabilities appear to be linked to deficiencies in sensory processing and timing .
“ These results provide a potential explanation for these deficits , ” she said in an email to Reuters .
The findings suggest that if doctors were able to optimize the state of the brain , by ensuring it was relaxed , and then synchronize the delivery of the things it needed to learn , the outcome , or memory , might be better , she said .
The research team studied eight volunteers who were shown 100 photos of a range of objects and allowed to view each for one second .
Fifteen to 30 minutes later they were shown another 100 photos -- 50 new ones and 50 from the first set -- and asked to recall which ones they had seen before and say how confident they were in their answers .
Using electroencephalogram ( EEG ) electrodes , the researchers recorded neuron activity and the “ background ” electrical signals in regions of the brain where memories are formed .
They found that recognition was stronger when the learning took place while neurons were firing in sync with theta waves .
Most studies of theta waves are conducted in rats , with only a few in humans , partly because EEG electrodes need to be placed directly on the brain ’s surface to get precise measurements .
This study was conducted with volunteers with epilepsy and who were undergoing EEGs , which are often used to find the source of epileptic seizure activity .
The researchers said steps were taken to ensure the patients ’ underlying medical condition did not affect the outcome of the study .
The capsules are rich in omega -3 Taking a daily fish oil capsule can stave off mental illness in those at highest risk , trial findings suggest .
A three - month course of the supplement appeared to be as effective as drugs , cutting the rate of psychotic illness like schizophrenia by a quarter .
The researchers believe it is the omega - 3 in fish oil - already hailed for promoting healthy hearts - that has beneficial effects in the brain .
A " natural " remedy would be welcomed , Archives of General Psychiatry says .
" The finding that treatment with a natural substance may prevent , or at least delay , the onset of psychotic disorder gives hope that there may be alternatives to antipsychotic drugs , " the study authors said .
If young people can be treated successfully with fish oils , this is hugely preferable to treating them with antipsychotics
Alison Cobb
Mind Antipsychotic drugs are potent and can have serious side effects , which puts some people off taking them .
Fish oil supplements , on the other hand , are generally well tolerated and easy to take , say the scientists .
The international team from Austria , Australia and Switzerland tested the treatment in 81 people deemed to be at particularly high risk of developing psychosis .
Natural choice
Their high risk was down to a strong family history of schizophrenia , or similar disorders , or them already showing mild symptoms of these conditions themselves .
For the test , half of the individuals took fish oil supplements ( 1.2 grams of omega - 3 fatty acids ) for 12 weeks , while the other half took only a dummy pill .
Neither group knew which treatment they were receiving .
Dr Paul Amminger and his team followed the groups for a year to see how many , if any , went on to develop illness .
Two in the fish oil group developed a psychotic disorder compared to 11 in the placebo group .
Based on the results , the investigators estimate that one high - risk adult could be protected from developing psychosis for every four treated over a year .
They believe the omega - 3 fatty acids found in the supplements may alter brain signalling in the brain with beneficial effects .
Alison Cobb , of the mental health charity Mind , said : " If young people can be treated successfully with fish oils , this is hugely preferable to treating them with antipsychotics , which come with a range of problems from weight gain to sexual dysfunction , whereas omega - 3s are actually beneficial to their general state of health .
" These are promising results and more research is needed to show if omega - 3s could be an alternative to antipsychotics in the long term . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
March 1 , 2010 -- Malaysiakini --
The Malaysian government ’s full - paying patient ( FPP ) scheme has again come under fire from the Coalition Against Health Service Privatisation , which held simultaneous pickets outside four public hospitals nationwide .
In the Klang Valley , short pickets by small groups were held at the Serdang and Sungai Buloh hospitals .
A similar protest took place outside the Hospital Sultanah Bahiyah Alor Setar , Kedah , and Hospital Sultan Ismail , Pandan , Johor .
At the Sungai Buloh hospital , Kota Damansara assemblyperson Dr Mohd Nasir Hasim , from the Socialist Party of Malaysia ( PSM , Parti Sosialis Malaysia ) , led about a dozen people in denouncing the scheme which the government had initiated in 2007 .
According to Nasir , the FPP scheme pilot project in Hospital Selayang has proven detrimental to both doctors and patients .
“ The specialists are keen on spending ( time ) and energy on treating private patients and neglect their responsibility to other patients who pay less .
Some specialists are paid more through their involvement in FPP scheme ” , he alleged .
Protest memorandum
After the picket , Mohd Nasir submitted a protest memorandum outlining the coalition ’s concerns and demands to hospital deputy director Dr Aminnudin Tauhid ( left in blue ) .
Mohd Nasir said Health Minister Liow Tiong Lai failed to provide statistics to prove the benefits of the FPP scheme when quizzed on the matter in the Dewan Rakyat [ Malaysia 's lower house of parliament ] .
“ He just said that the specialists and the patients are satisfied and therefore the health ministry had decided to expand the program to other hospitals with specialists ” , said Mohd Nasir .
According to Mohd Nasir , 70 % of Malaysians depend on public hospitals which house only 25 % of the country ’s specialist doctors , and many inexperienced doctors are forced to fill in the gap .
Mohd Nasir suggested that the health ministry not to adopt the FPP scheme in other hospitals until a proper study is performed .
Mohd Nasir ( left ) was accompanied by representatives of Parti Sosialis Malaysia ( PSM ) , Jaringan Rakyat Tertindas ( Jerit ) and several municipal councillors .
The protest at Serdang hospital was led by PSM secretary - general S. Arutchelvan .
Leafletting at hospital
Around 50 PSM members participated and gathered outside the hospital from noon to distribute flyers to public .
“ We had distributed over 2000 flyers to passersby ” , Arutchelvan said .
Only about five police personnel were seen observing the protest .
After 40 minutes , five representatives were given permission to go into the hospital to meet the deputy director to hand over the memorandum .
“ We were told that the hospital director was not around , so we met with Dr Dinesh Raj , who assured us that he will bring this issue to the director ” , Arutchelvan said , adding that the meeting took about 30 minutes .
Meanwhile Sungai Siput parliamentarian
Dr D Michael Jeyakumar , also from the PSM , led 70 people to stage a protest at the Sultanah Bahiyah Hospital , Alor Setar , Kedah .
“ There were around 50 members of the special branch and police personnel at the scene ” , Dr Jeyakumar said .
Twelve representatives were allowed to go into the hospital to hand over the memorandum to the hospital director Dr Juita Ghazalie .
“ We also want doctors to be paid well , but such privatisation is not the way to go as the people will suffer ” , Dr Jeyakumar explained .
Three Islamic Party of Malaysia ( PAS , Parti Islam Se- Malaysia )
MPs were also present .
They were Jerai MP Mohd Firdaus Jaafar , Pendang MP Mohd Hayati Othman and Padang Terap MP Mohd Nasir Zakaria .
Finally , in Sultan Ismail , Pandan Hospital in Johor , 50 protesters were led by PSM member E Silvarajah .
Only about four members of the police force were seen observing the group while they handed out leaflets and brochures to the public .
“ We handed over the memorandum to deputy director Dr Khatijah Abu Bakar who came outside to meet us ” , Silvarajah said .
“ We are not against the government but this privatisation will only further burden the public and that it is not just . ”
I remember the day I got my first Spam post at Blogabond , back in 2005 .
It was actually kind of flattering , since the site had only been live for a few months .
I deleted it by hand and moved on .
Things have progressed substantially since then .
Automated Spam
Bots gave way to armies of cheap workers posting by hand , and now we 've reached a point where roughly 90 % of new blog entries on the site are attempted spam .
The sheer volume of posts coming in is enough to sneak some of them past the Bayesian Filtering we have in place , so we 're lucky to have some extra measures in place to make sure that the general public never sees any spam on Blogabond .
I 've learned a lot about Blog Spam over the years , so I thought I 'd share some advice for anybody building their own user - generated - content site .
Presuming , of course , that you do n't want to be overrun with spam .
Collect Everything
.
It 's valuable .
You need tons of spam to train your Bayesian filters , and you need to use real spam from your own site to get the filtering results you want .
Our filters , for example , can differentiate between a post written by a backpacker traveling through Guatemala and a resort offering package vacations there .
Mark posts as spam and ensure that nobody can see them , but keep them around .
They 're handy !
Classify your Users
At Blogabond , we have the concept of a " Trusted User " , whose posts we 're comfortable showing on our front page , in RSS feeds , sitemaps , location searches , etc .
The only way to become Trusted is to have a moderator flip you there by hand after reading enough of your posts .
Everybody else is either a Known Spammer or simply Unknown .
These classifications are the main reason that the average person will never see any spam on Blogabond .
All publicly browsable content is from Trusted Users , so the only way to see something from an Unknown user is to go to the URL directly .
That means that you can start a new blog today and send out a link that people can use to see what you 've written , but until you 've convinced us you 're trustworthy we 're not going to let people off the street stumble across your stuff .
Never Give Feedback
The last thing you want to tell a Spammer is that his post was rejected as spam .
Never tell him that his account has been disabled .
Let him figure these things out on his own , hopefully after a lot of wasted time and effort .
Pages with spam content return a 404 ( Not Found ) to anybody accessing it from outside the author 's IP block .
That way , the author can ( mistakenly ) verify that it 's live , while the rest of the world and Google never get to see it .
Never Show Untrusted Content to Google
The whole point of blog spam is SEO .
Once Google gets ahold of a post , the game is over and the spammer has won .
The worst thing you can do is blindly trust your spam filters to keep spam off your site and out of Google 's index .
Assuming you 're categorizing your users , this is simple .
If it 's from a Trusted User , it goes to places that Google can see it .
If not , it does n't .
Sorted .
Maximize Collateral Damage
Stack the deck so that every action a Spammer takes increases the odds that he 'll undo all his previous work .
When we flag something as spam , we also go back and flag everything in the past that came from that User and from his IP Address Block ( as well as poisoning that IPBlock and User in the future ) .
So while he may get lucky and sneak a post through the filter on his first try , chances he 'll end up retroactively flagging that post as spam if he presses his luck .
We can actually watch as new messages drop onto the " Maybe Ham " pile , then mysteriously disappear a few minutes later .
In essence , the spammer is cleaning up his own mess .
Automate Everything
You 're going to get a lot of spam , so you need tools to make it really easy to moderate it if you want to stay happy .
Our Spam Dashboard has a view showing snippets from every recent post that lets us flag an item with a single click ( in a speedy , AJAX fashion ) .
I 'll spend maybe a minute a day running down that list turning Maybe 's into Spam , and occasionally marking a new user as Trusted .
We also have a pretty view of everything that 's been marked as spam recently , along with reasons why and daily stats to see how well we 're doing :
That 's a screenshot from our Spam Dashboard this morning .
As you can see , we 're doing pretty well .
GREEN
RED
BLUE
PURPLE
items are ones recently caught by the filter , items are attempts by a Known Spammer to post something , and items that have been retroactively flagged ( from the spammer pushing his luck too far ) are shown initems ( none shown ) are ones that we had to flag by hand because they made it past the filter .
In this shot , you can see a busy spammer creating new accounts , posting enough blog entries to trip the filter and undo all his efforts , then creating a new account and trying again .
Filter Ruthlessly
There are two categories of people using your site : Real Users and Spammers .
When you first start out , you tend to see it less as two distinct groups and more as a broad spectrum with some people falling in between .
The longer you run a site , the more you come to realize that no , there are no Real Users with " good intentions " who are mistakenly posting commercial links on your site .
Those people are spammers .
So do n't hesitate to flag anything that looks even a little bit fishy .
Woman talking about her fabulous Caribbean Cruise out of the blue ?
Spam .
Random person posting poetry in China ?
Spam .
Guy from India who really wants to tell you about his hometown ?
Spam .
And how do you know you were right ?
Because you will never hear complaints from any of those people .
We 've labeled thousands and thousands of " bloggers " as Spammers over the years , and so far I 've heard back from exactly one of them .
Spammers know that what they 're doing is Bad Behavior .
When you shut down their account , they 'll know why .
Make the Spammers feel successful
Spammers will put in a surprising amount of effort to get their posts past your spam filter .
The harder you fight back , the harder they 'll try .
Once they 've found something that works , however , they 'll sit back and watch the posts flow .
That 's the place you want them , happily sending post after post into your Spam corpus and training your Bayesian filters .
A happy spammer is a spammer who 's not going to spend any more time trying to work your system .
A happy spammer is reporting success to his boss and costing the bad guys money .
A happy spammer is constantly teaching your filter about new trends in the spam world so that it can do its job better .
You want to cultivate a community of happy spammers on your site .
Controversial South Australian Attorney - General Michael Atkinson ( pictured ) has reportedly resigned from the role in the wake of ongoing public criticism and a voter backlash in his seat of Croydon in this weekend ’s state election .
The Labor politician has for some time stood in the way of lobbying efforts by the video game industry and gamers themselves to create an R18 + classification for games in Australia .
In addition , he has faced criticism over his defence of legislation requiring online political comment during state elections to be accompanied by personal details .
AdelaideNOW reported at midday today the news and that Atkinson would remain in parliament until the next election in 2014 .
He did not want to leave early in his term and create a by - election scenario , AdelaideNOW reported , with the Labor government led by Mike Rann expected to only have a slender majority after the election yesterday .
In addition , Atkinson wanted to make room for new blood in the Labor ministry .
According to the ABC ’s election site , with 74.4 percent of the vote counted , Atkinson is predicted to safely win his electorate of Croydon with a total of 63.7 percent of the vote .
However , the site notes that there was a 14.3 percent swing against Atkinson .
Gamers 4 Croydon candidate Kat Nicholson , who campaigned on a pro-R18 + video game classification ticket , took 3.7 percent of the vote — or about 587 votes .
Gamers 4 Croydon candidate for the state ’s Legislative Council , Chris Prior , did not pick up a seat in the election , winding up with 0.81 percent of the vote — or just over 6,000 votes , with 72.61 percent of the vote counted , according to the ABC site .
This meant after preferences were taken into account , Prior was excluded from winning a seat — despite the fact that his showing meant Gamers 4 Croydon was the ninth most popular party in the Legislative Council .
The news of Atkinson ’s departure from the Labor front bench is set to spark a round of speculation about what policies regarding the R18 + classification the new South Australian Attorney - General will put forth .
The Federal Government is currently considering more than 55,000 submissions to a discussion paper about whether it should implement a R18 + rating category for video games , with the majority of those expected to have come from EB Games customers in support of such a scheme .
However , there must be unanimous agreement between the respective ministers in the Commonwealth , state and territorial governments before the National Classification Code can be modified .
Image credit : Government of South Australia
American leaders and news outlets often refer to American - company overseas oil field purchases , oil & gas discoveries , freedom - from - oil initiatives , and offshore drilling as vehicles towards energy security .
These efforts do not , and cannot , enhance oil security for the U.S. without simultaneously increasing global oil security — defined as insulation from price and supply shocks .
The following guest essay is by Kevin Kane .
Kevin is an energy market strategist , Asia political affairs analyst , and Korean language linguist living in Seoul , South Korea .
Kevin previously published American Freedom from Oil : A Bipartisan Pipedream
Inaccurate views and statements coming from our leaders continue to misinform the public about the nature of oil and its relationship to energy security .
Insofar , leaders often refer to supply initiatives such as offshore drilling , foreign oil field developments , and exploratory block procurements as national zero - sum pursuits for energy security ; statements that perpetuate these views reflect a calculating effort to appeal to American liberal and conservative energy populism .
No choice of energy - related rhetoric could be more misleading to the public and farther from the economic and financial integration truth .
Although Republican and Democrat leaders are equally responsible for appealing to energy security populism for political support , reporters also help to circulate these misleading and framing - loaded statements through media outlets .
Past & Present Oil Supply Security
In 1980 following Soviet military gains near oil producing states , the Iranian Revolution , the Arab Oil Embargo , and the Organization of Petroleum Export Countries ( OPEC ) price hikes , President Jimmy Carter contended in his State of the Union address ,
“ The region which is now threatened by Soviet troops in Afghanistan is of great strategic importance :
It contains more than two - thirds of the world 's exportable oil … therefore , that poses a grave threat to the free movement of Middle East oil …
An attempt by any outside force to gain control of the Persian Gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States of America , and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary , including military force … ” [ 1 ]
President Carter went on to argue that by reducing dependence on Middle Eastern oil , this would make America stronger .
This argument reflected a zero-sum national security view of oil , one in an era before the emergence of economic integration , before the decline of OPEC ’s influence on world prices , and before the evolution of today ’s supply and demand fundamental market forces serving as the dominant driver behind oil prices . [ 2 ]
The belief that diversifying oil import sources coupled with securing physical supply for national consumption would improve energy security reflected the reality of the Cold War ; we are no longer in the Cold War , although some leaders speak of oil security as though we are !
Although many informed energy security advisers in the U.S. may view oil from a market lens that reflects vulnerabilities inherent in financial and trade integration , supply nationalism in the form of energy security populism appears to be creeping back into the hallways of the D.C. - area bureaucracy , at least in rhetoric .
A Survey of Leadership Misinformation
President Barack Obama
President Jimmy Carter set the U.S. on a course towards “ energy independence ” in his 1980 State of the Union address .
[ 3 ]
Like former President Carter , all of the presidents after him sought to “ free the U.S. from foreign oil , ” including U.S. President Barack Obama .
In 2006 speaking before the Governor 's Ethanol Coalition in Washington , D.C. , in a speech tellingly titled “ Energy Security is National Security , ” the then - Senator Obama contended ,
“ During World War II , we had an entire country working around the clock …
When we wanted to beat the Russians into space , we poured millions into a national education initiative that graduated thousands of new scientists and engineers .
If we hope to strengthen our security and control our own foreign policy , we can offer no less of a commitment to energy independence . ” [ 4 ]
In 2004 when speaking at the Democratic National Convention , the then - Senator Barack Obama quoted John Kerry and said ,
“ John Kerry believes in energy independence , so we are n't held hostage to the profits of oil companies or the sabotage of foreign oil fields . ” [ 5 ]
President Obama and the Democrats are not alone in perpetuating misinformation on oil markets .
Senator John McCain
In 2007 speaking at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington D.C. , John McCain said ,
“ As President , I 'll propose a national energy strategy that will amount to a declaration of independence from the fear bred by our reliance on oil sheiks and our vulnerability to the troubled politics of the lands they rule … energy security is our best defense .
We wo n't achieve it tomorrow , but we must achieve it in our time . ”
In June 2008 , John McCain also argued in his remarks on energy security and the economy ,
“ What we really need is to produce more [ oil ] , use less , and find new sources of power …
In the short - term ; this requires more domestic production , especially in the Outer Continental Shelf …
But as a matter of fairness to the American people , we must assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production . ” [ 6 ]
Former Governor Sarah Palin
In October 2009 through an Op Ed titled “ Drill , ” Sarah Palin argued ,
“ Reliance on foreign sources of energy weakens America .
When a riot breaks out in an OPEC nation , or a developing country talks about nationalizing its oil industry , or a petro- dictator threatens to cut off exports , the probability is great that the price of oil will shoot up .
Even in friendly nations , business and financial decisions made for local reasons can [ destabilize ]
America ’s energy market , since the price we pay for foreign oil is subject to rising and falling exchange rates .
Decreasing our dependence on foreign sources of energy will reduce the impact of world events on our economy …
It ’s about building a more secure and peaceful America , an America in which our energy needs will not be subject to the whims of nature , currency speculators , or madmen in possession of vast oil reserves . ” [ 7 ]
A Survey of Media Misinformation
Perpetuating misinformation , media outlets and journalists also report on oil drilling , nationally owned oil company ( NOC ) investments , and national energy initiatives as zero-sum increases in a single nation ’s energy security .
This becomes particularly true when media outlets cover stories on Chinese oil companies investing in Africa or when Chinese NOCs attempt to participate in mergers and acquisitions , including the example of the failed Chinese company attempt to purchase Unocal .
Time Magazine
In 2004 , Time magazine ran a major essay written by Mathew Forney , titled “ China ’s Quest for Oil . ”
The author attempted to frame the efforts of Chinese oil companies to acquire upstream Exploration & Production ( E&P ) investments as a national objective aimed at “ [ securing ] long - term supplies independent of the world ’s fickle prices . ”
Financial Times
On January 20 , 2010 , the Financial Time released an article by Christian Oliver titled “ S. Korea ’s [ Korean National Oil Company ] KNOC eyes $ 6.5 [ billion ] oil deals . ” [ 8 ]
The journalist wrote that “ Seoul officials have stressed they will strive to avoid being muscled out of resource deals by powerful Chinese competitors …
The moves to increase energy security go hand in hand with Seoul ’s pledge to reduce wasteful consumption . ” [ 9 ]
CBS News
On July 17 , 2008 , amidst high oil prices during the second major peak , only this time driven purely by the fundamentals of supply and demand , Mark Hemingway argued in the National Review Online that ,
“ An [ Oil price ] fell another $ 3.71 , to $ 135.03 , and at one point was trading as low as $ 132 … U.S. crude - oil supplies rose by 3 million barrels … but bizarrely , the AP did not mention that …President Bush removed the executive order imposing a moratorium on offshore drilling in the United States .
To think that this dramatic and unexpected move by the Bush administration did not have a significant effect on oil prices is folly …
The price of gas dropped significantly upon Bush ’s word that more domestic offshore drilling was one small step closer to becoming a reality .
How much more will it drop if we actually start drilling and producing oil ...
Of course , it ’s not as simple as saying that , if we allow more offshore drilling , the oil companies will have America ’s energy problems solved in a mere two years . ” [ 10 ]
Summarizing Assumptions : American Leaders and Media
’s arguments are based on the flawed premises that energy security can be achieved by reducing oil imports without having our trade partners also reduce their oil price exposure , and that oil companies can exert downward pressure on pricing — the converse action of holding hostage the American economy with prices .
Naturally , both of the assumptions behind these arguments are flawed .
John McCain went so far as to propose a “ declaration of energy independence ” while arguing that by reducing oil imports , the U.S. will be able to remove itself from the politics of the Middle East .
John McCain went to suggest that energy security in the U.S. could be achieved by increasing domestic production .
This implicitly suggests to the listener that such a drilling effort would insulate Americans from world prices through domestic supply .
Of course , no matter how much the U.S. drills , domestic oil price will always be the exact same as international oil price .
Thus , domestic drilling creates globally supply increases and global energy security , not American energy security per se .
Sarah Palin fares no better than President Obama and Senator McCain , suggesting that by reducing U.S. oil imports , Americans can become “ free ” from the price insecurities inherent with the Middle East .
It is of course impossible to be “ free ” from Middle Eastern oil in a one - world price system where economic linkages connect us to shocks through the stock market , interest rates , foreign investments , exchange rates , derivatives , futures markets , and not to mention the economies of China , Japan , South Korea , and the rest of the world that depend on Middle Eastern oil .
She went on to suggest that the U.S. could do something independent of international action through drilling that would insulate it from “ the whims of nature , currency speculators , or madmen in possession of vast oil reserves . ”
Nothing could be further from the truth .
All of the aforementioned leaders are appealing to mistruths , or energy security populism .
Time Magazine ran an article that led the reader to believe Chinese companies were on a quest for world oil domination despite the fact that Chinese companies , CNPC , CNOOC , Sinochem , and Sinopec sell — as of 2004 — 11 % , 92 % , 98 % , and 99 % of their oil production on the world market place , respectively . [ 11 ]
Thus , they contribute to world energy security , not China ’s oil supply relative to the rest of the world’s .
The Financial Times ran an article that suggested a nation ’s oil NOC could improve energy security through upstream investments on the other side of the world despite the fact that transportation costs force them to sell the produced oil on the international market place .
South Korean , or any other nation 's , nationally owned oil company investments on the other side of the world do nothing to improve their energy security .
If KNOC invests in Canada , this does nothing for Korean energy security since they will likely sell the oil to local markets .
Through CBS News , the National Review Online ran a story suggesting that a change in offshore drilling policy — despite that policy not immediately resulting in a supply inventory change — influenced oil prices .
It is obvious to anyone who follows oil markets that a White House statement about investment in the Gulf of Mexico will not result in meaningful price changes in oil prices unless it results in daily production changes so significant it expands global , not American , supply .
Correlations are not the same as causation .
Not understanding the nature of oil companies , oil economics , derivatives — risk and hedging , and price discovery in a one world oil demand and supply system , leaders are either misinformed or misleading when speaking to the public about oil prices : both explanations however are equally as troubling .
If they are misleading , they are pursuing populism .
If they are misinformed , they may not be qualified to lead .
Such Views or statements as those described above promote conspiracies , and economically uninformed nonsense about investment banks , oil companies , and OPEC .
The continued circulation of massive misinformation on oil supply initiatives will lead to an energy security bubble that will burst at the first chance such energy security measures are tested in our globalized economy .
Correcting the Way we Frame Oil
It ’s time for politicians to either read about the fundamentals of oil markets , or if they do already understand them , stop pursuing the low hanging populism fruit by promoting the continued circulation of misinformation through national pride - pandering statements such as those presented by the aforementioned public leaders .
Such misleading statements about oil promote energy security populism and the following deeply flawed beliefs among the public ,
(1) Domestic oil prices can be eased separate from world prices through increases in domestic supply
(2) Countries acquire oil rather than companies who discover it for market sale
(3) Companies that acquire oil sell it to their home country as opposed to selling it on the market place
(4) Acquiring physical supply benefits countries in a zero sum relationship
(5) NOC and private company upstream investments will increase domestic supply
(6) Oil is a public good when within a country boundary , and consumers are entitled to it
In order to explain what is wrong with the above views , let us take a look at the “ Oil 101 ” fundamentals of the oil market . [ 12 ]
“ Oil 101 ”
Oil prices derive first from physical supply and demand fundamentals .
Oil futures contract — an agreement to purchase oil at a future date — traders analyze these fundamentals by introducing information on a commodity exchange market — primarily on the New York Mercantile Exchange ( NYMEX ) and the International Continental Exchange ( ICE ) .
They introduce information and factors — such as supply changes , present and expected demand , and spare capacity — they believe determine oil ’s market value — defined in prices — in the near and long - term . [ 13 ] [ 14 ]
Through the introduction of this information , traders participate in the process of price discovery . [ 15 ]
On NYMEX , spot market prices for West Texas Intermediate ( WTI ) crude oil are discovered , and ICE Brent Crude prices are generally set at or around this price .
Oil suppliers around the world base their prices generally on the same , or closely similar , prices as WTI depending on benchmark formulas as well as the benchmark itself . [ 16 ]
Ceteris paribus , the rest of the world crude oil spot markets and Over - The - Counter ( OTC ) crude oil market traders are approximately the same price as WTI with the exception of minor occurrences of arbitrage , benchmark formula variances , and transportation costs . [ 17 ]
On the issue of the emotionally loaded concept of “ excessive speculation , ” the OTC market derives oil prices from the futures markets .
Thus , investment banks cannot exert any sort of pressure through derivatives on oil prices despite some — excluding the former Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) senior economist who found they do not influence prices — in the U.S. CFTC trying to encourage us to believe otherwise without any empirical — causal and not correlative — evidence to back up their politically motivated arguments based on time order correlations and “ what ifs . ” [ 18 ]
In addition to our single supply and demand oil market serving as a priori evidence the aforementioned views are flawed , globalization and interconnectedness further complicates oil markets and energy security .
Oil Shocks in an Era of Financial and Economic Integration
Of the newest issues in oil supply security , economic and financial integration appear to be the least discussed aspects of any single nation ’s oil supply and energy security calculations .
In an era of goods and financial services economic integration , if one globalization - connected country ’s economy experiences a supply shortage or price shock , seemingly distant and unrelated , but economically integrated , countries will feel the effects of these shocks in their own trade and financial sectors , just as they did during the 2008 - 2009 Financial Crisis . [ 19 ]
Thus , the pursuit of “ freedom from oil ” and energy independence reflects a pre-globalization view of the world : also known as Cold War thinking .
On the other hand , one country in this world has achieved energy independence and freedom from foreign oil : North Korea .
Therefore , perhaps not all hope is lost for the donkeys and elephants who aspire to rally Americans behind their campaign for freedom from foreign oil .
The bias in our terminology towards energy security is so commonplace that it permeates even in the most basic terminology we use to describe oil .
For example , in our single supply and demand curve global oil market , there is no such thing as “ foreign ” oil .
The term “ foreign ” before the word “ oil ” encourages people to view oil supply and the companies that acquire it from a flawed lens since it would have us implicitly assume that there could be a national role in the pursuit of oil resulting hopefully in a two price and supply structure : foreign and domestic .
Nothing could be farther from reality and more impossible .
First , there is only one kind of oil : not foreign , not domestic .
Second , in an age of globalization , U.S. - based multinational companies are not American anymore since they belong to stockholders who may be from any nation around the world .
Their profits , successes , and losses do not belong to the American people .
The oil market operates almost exactly the way a perfectly working market would in an economics textbook .
With thousands upon thousands of individual players in the global oil market , we all purchase oil from the same exact global pool regardless of where it is produced .
Thus , the market is out of the control of any single government or oil company , even Saudi Aramaco .
We are no longer in the Cold War .
Energy Security Populism : Changing the Words We Use
In order to move past the Cold War and into our present reality , we have to start with the following approaches to correcting misinformation on oil ,
(1) Pressure our leaders to use the direct truth as the basis for persuasion , which requires using vocabulary that accurately represents what a policy will achieve .
Our leaders have to correct flawed views and cease the use of pride - pandering statements that relate to oil markets through direct and concise , even condescending if necessary , language .
(2) Pressure media outlets to stop reporting on company oil investments as zero-sum national gains by removing terminology like “ energy security ” and “ foreign oil ” from their vocabulary .
Our leaders should trust the American people to be educated enough to understand that , first , we have no natural right to low oil prices , and second , that we should support oil companies not for energy security , but because it gives profits to companies — especially those in the Middle East — that have used their earnings to raise 4/5 of the world out of poverty over the last twenty years thanks to their investments in producing and supplying fuel to the world ’s economy .
Our leaders must encourage Americans to embrace the market place as the proper means to determine who will get what rather than their government through freedom from oil and energy security populism .
Our leaders must communicate to the truth to the people , that the market place is more powerful than any single country or investment bank .
We are all without paddles in the same ocean , trying to steer the boat together with each nation on board .
One nation ’s energy problem is another nation ’s economic problem .
This is the reality from which our leaders should initiate their public discourse on oil .
Works Cited
--- [ 1 ]
Jimmy Carter .
" State of the Union Address 1980 . " ( January 23 , 1980 ) , http://www.jimmycarterlibrary.gov/documents/speeches/su80jec.phtml ( accessed February 09 , 2010 ) .
[ 2 ] James Hamilton , “ Understanding Crude Oil Prices ” Department of Economics , University of California , San Diego ( May 22 , 2008 ) , 20 - 25 , http://dss.ucsd.edu/~jhamilto/understand _oil.pdf ( accessed February 09 , 2010 ) .
[ 3 ] Jimmy Carter .
" State of the Union Address 1980 . " Jan 23 , 1980 .
http://www.jimmycarterlibrary.gov/documents/speeches/su80jec.phtml ( accessed February 09 , 2010 ) .
[ 4 ] Barack Obama .
" Energy Security is National Security . "
February 28 , 2006 .
http://obamaspeeches.com/054-EnergySecurity-is-National-Security-Governors-Ethanol-Coalition-Obama-Speech.htm ( accessed Feb 10 , 2010 ) .
[ 5 ] Barack Obama .
“ 2004 Democratic National Convention Keynote Address . ” Keynote , Democratic National Convention , Fleet Center Boston , http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/convention2004/barackobama2004dnc.htm, July 28 , 2004 . ( accessed Feb 10 , 2010 ) .
[ 6 ] John McCain .
“ Remarks on Energy Security and the Economy ” Remarks .
Arlington Virginia .
http://www.procon.org/sourcefiles/McCain20080618.pdf, June 18 , 2008 ( accessed Feb 10 , 2010 ) .
[ 7 ]
Sarah Palin http://article.nationalreview.com/410205/drill/sarah-palin,
October 16 , 2009 ( accessed February 26 , 2009 )
[ 8 ] Christian Olive , “ S. Korea KNOC eyes $ 6.5 bn oil deals , ” Financial Times Online , http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/174ce20c-0590-11df-88ee-00144feabdc0.html
January 20 , 2010 . ( accessed January 20 , 2009 ) .
[ 9 ]
Ibid .
[ 10 ] Mark Hemingway , “ The Immediate Benefit of Offshore Drilling , ” National Review Online , CBS News online , July 17 , 2008 ,
http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2008/07/17/opinion/main4267743.shtml?source=RSSattr=Opinion_426773 ( accessed March 2 , 2010 ) .
[ 11 ] Erica Downs , “ China , ” Brookings Institute , The Brookings Foreign Policy Studies Energy Security Series ( 2006 ) : 43 , http://www.brookings.edu/~/media/Files/rc/reports/2006/12china/12china.pdf(accessed February 10,2009 ) .
[ 12 ] Morgan Downey , Oil 101 ( Wooden Table Press LLC , 2009 ) .
[ 13 ] U.S. Government , “ Interim Report on Crude Oil ” Inter Agency Task Force on Commodity Markets , Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( 2008 ) .
17 -29 .
http://www.cftc.gov/ucm/groups/public/@newsroom/documents/file/itfinterimreportoncrudeoil0708.pdf ( accessed January 10 , 2010 ) .
[ 14 ] Morgan Downey , Oil 101 ( Wooden Table Press LLC , 2009 ) , 331-340 .
[ 15 ] Ibid , 331-340 .
[ 16 ] Ibid. , 320-322 .
[ 17 ] Morgan Downey , Oil 101 ( Wooden Table Press LLC , 2009 ) , 331-340 .
[ 18 ]
This author thanks Morgan Downey for explaining why the OTC market cannot exert influence on price discovery .
[ 19 ] Kevin Kane , “ American Freedom from Oil : A Bipartisan Pipedream , " The Oil Drum , December 16 , 2009 .
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6045 ( accessed February 15 , 2009 ) .
Author Bio
Kevin Kane is an energy market strategist with the Korean Energy Economic Institute , South Korea .
Kevin offers energy firms seven years of cumulative experience leading in business development , international project management , energy market analysis , and Asia - U.S. business and strategic government relations .
Presently working on projects related to green growth and oil markets , Kevin looks forward to utilizing his energy expertise coupled with his diverse international strategic affairs experience to work with companies that wish to penetrate and excel in Asian and North American markets .
Kevin's Resume
Email : KevinPKane@Gmail.com
LinkedIn : http://kr.linkedin.com/in/kevinpkane
Website : Energy-Fanatic.com
Published online 12 March 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.120
News
A quantitative way to decide whether to keep on conserving a species .
How do we know when a species really is as dead as a dodo ?
Science Photo Library
Declaring a species extinct and so not worthy of conservation money is not a trivial matter .
It 's a decision that scientists working for the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) have to make when drawing up their Red List of Threatened Species , for example .
Now , a team of Australian researchers are trying to bring a more rigorous approach to this area with the help of the dodo .
It may sound ridiculous to work out whether conservation dollars should be spent on the dodo ( Raphus cucullatus ) , but the question illustrates a problem for biologists : determining when you should give up on a species .
Cut off conservation money too soon and you could drive a species teetering on the brink into extinction .
Keep conserving an animal long after it has last been sighted and you risk wasting money that could keep another endangered animal in the game .
" Declaring extinction is a difficult decision with large risks and large uncertainties , " says Tracy Rout , based at the University of Melbourne 's School of Botany in Australia , who led the new study reported in Conservation Biology1 .
" There are many cases where species that have thought to have been extinct have been rediscovered — so - called Lazarus species . "
Here , going , gone
The IUCN 's Red List declares an animal extinct only " when there is no reasonable doubt that the last individual has died " .
What this means in practice is unclear , says Rout .
Her work sets out a framework for making this decision and applies it to three species : the still - with - us mountain pygmy possum ( Burramys parvus ) , the possibly extinct ivory - billed woodpecker ( Campephilus principalis ) and dead - as - a - dodo R. cucullatus1 .
" In terms of funding allocations , decisions are currently made in an arbitrary way , varying from agency to agency and species to species , " says Rout .
" Our method would help make any implicit judgements of value more explicit . "
The mountain pygmy possum — still worth saving .
Biosphoto / J. L. Klein & M. L. Hubert / Still Pictures
Rout and her colleagues outline a model that uses sightings of endangered species — either as the number of surveys that have failed to spot the species or the time since it was last seen — to calculate the probability it is extant and then applies this to a decision - making framework that weighs the cost of continued conservation with the cost of stopping prematurely .
The probability that the dodo lives on somewhere is about 3.07 x 10 - 6 .
According to the new model , it would only be worthwhile to spend money conserving the dodo if the value of the conservation management — the value of the species assigned by conservationists multiplied by the decrease in the probability of extinction — is more than 17 million times the cost of management and monitoring .
By contrast , the chances of the mountain pygmy possum being present on Mount Buller in Australia are around 0.55 .
As a previous study has valued this population at Aus$ 200 million–Aus$ 450 million ( US$ 180 million –US $ 410 million ) , it would be optimal to conduct up to 66 more surveys for the animal without finding it before declaring it extinct .
At the moment , these surveys cost around Aus$ 15,000 per year .
The case for the ivory - billed woodpecker is complicated by controversial claims that it was seen in 2004 , 2005 and 2006 .
These triggered huge conservation spending ( see ' Still looking for that woodpecker ' ) .
Using only the widely accepted sightings of the woodpecker , Rout calculates it would have been optimal to declare extinction in 1965 .
Using the more controversial recent sightings makes 2032 the year that the species should be declared extinct if there are no more seen before then .
Let 's get quantitative
Rout 's paper is indicative of a growing trend in some parts of the conservation field , says David Roberts , a conservation biologist at the Durrell Institute of Conservation and Ecology , at the University of Kent in Canterbury , UK .
The ivory - billed woodpecker — a difficult case .
J. Cancalosi / Ardea
" At the moment you can look at the IUCN Red List criteria and all the others are quantitative , whereas declarations of extinction are very much qualitative .
There 's this huge level of uncertainty , " says Roberts , who supplied Rout with some of the data on the ivory - billed woodpecker .
" There 's a big move towards more incorporation of decision - making theory and economics into conservation decision - making , " she adds .
" It will at least make it more transparent why we 're working on a particular species . "
Andrew Solow , director of the Marine Policy Center at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , says that papers of this sort are beginning to make an impact on conservation practices .
Solow , who co-authored a paper with Roberts on the dodo's extinction2 , adds , " The resources are scarce and any time you can allocate them better it 's a good thing . "
Israel has recently delivered to the United Nations Secretary - general Ban Ki-moon its official response to the UN ’s fact finding mission to Operation Cast Lead , headed by Judge Richard Goldstone .
Hamas ’ government is also preparing to submit its official response before the grace period of six months set to the parties by the Goldstone committee is over .
Defense Minister : Barak to IDF brass : Goldstone Report biased Hanan Greenberg
Hours after report that two senior officers were disciplined for exceeding their authority during Gaza war , defense minister says team of legal experts can probe scathing UN report 's findings .
On Syria : Full - blown war possible if peace agreement not reached Barak to IDF brass : Goldstone Report biased
In sharp contrast to the genuine fears expressed by Israel , Hamas does not seem to feel any threat in the legal arena .
On the contrary , Hamas demonstrates self - confidence based on the understanding that the Goldstone committee strived only to incriminate Israel and all other limited references to the other side were just for lip service without any legal significance .
Musa Abu Marzouq , Hamas ’ second in command , said in this regard in an interview to al - Mashahid al - Siyasi newspaper ( December 8 , 2009 ) that “ All paragraphs in the Goldstone report convict Israel and totally exonerate Hamas from any misconduct ...
Likewise , the ( Goldstone ) report exonerated Hamas from all other accusations mentioned by Israel and even when the ( Goldstone ) report is dealing with the rockets which were launched from the Gaza Strip it speaks about military groups without naming Hamas . ”
Hamas ’ line of defense vis-à - vis the Goldstone report has been shaped by a group of Palestinian jurists headed by Diya Al - Din Muhsin Al - Madhoun , former legal adviser to Ismail Haniyeh ( Hamas prime minister ) and today chairman of the Tawtheeq ( documentation ) organization that was the key factor assigned by Hamas ’ government , on which the Goldstone committee relied for sources of information in its fact finding mission .
In series of interviews to the media , Madhoun elaborated as follows Hamas ’ main legal arguments of its would - be response to the Goldstone report assumed to be delivered in the near future to the UN secretary general .
The armed struggle is legitimate
Madhoun asserts that all historic Palestine is an occupied land and that the international law legitimizes the right of self defense and resistance of the Palestinian people , who are living under 61 years of occupation .
Therefore , Madhoun argues that “ resistance operations conducted by the Palestinian resistance organizations , including launching rockets and mortar shells at the occupying Zionist forces , and all other military operations , are legitimate according the international law under the principle of defending our people and liberating our occupied land . ”
Israel has no right to self defense
Madhoun entirely rebuts Israel ’s claim for self defence , arguing that it constitutes a grave violation of the Palestinian people ’s right for self defence as reflected in its armed struggle to liberate the land of Palestine .
And in his words ( translated from Arabic ) : “ the war against Gaza was illegitimate ... as the international law rules that there is n’t legitimate defence ( of the occupier ) against the legitimate defence ( of the occupied ) embodied in the defence through struggle . ”
Hamas did n’t want to kill Israeli civilians
According to Madhoun , Hamas and the other “ Palestinian resistance organizations ” were systematically prudent in implementing the international law and avoided intentionally targeting Israeli civilians .
Referring to the many hundreds of rockets which struck Israeli communities during the war , Madhoun explained that the Palestinian organizations launched the rockets only at “ military targets , ” such as tanks positions , military airports and concentrations of Israeli military forces on their way to invade the Gaza Strip .
He finds evidence in the low number of Israeli fatalities totaling only three people who were killed by the “ inaccurate rockets when they missed their original targets . ”
Furthermore , Madhoun stressed that Hamas spared the lives of Israeli civilians , claiming that if they were targeted dozens of them may have been killed .
Rockets were launched only at occupied territories
Madhoun argues that Israel ’s claim that Hamas and other Palestinian terrorist organizations launched rockets at its sovereign territory is groundless .
Relying on UN resolution 181 ( known as the Partition Plan for Palestine ) , but without accepting it , Madhoun said that all rockets targeted only areas which were designated to the “ Arab state ” by the UN resolution , and as Israel has no internationally recognized borders with the Palestinian territories , their areas are still under conflict .
Consequently , he concludes that Israel violated the rights of the Israeli civilians for security in settling them illegally in this military disputed area and thus risking their life .
No legitimate targets in Gaza
Madhoun unconditionally negates justification for any Israeli military operation in the Gaza Strip .
In addition to the aforementioned arguments denying Israel ’s right for self defence , Madhoun noted that t international law prohibits attacks on any target when there is a doubt whether it is combatant or civilian .
“ My stand is that all targets bombed in the Gaza Strip are under the category of doubt ” , he said .
Goldstone ’s accusations against Hamas are meaningless
Madhoun regards the Goldstone report as a one sided document against Israel , saying that more than 500 pages were dedicated to describing a myriad of widely documented accusations against Israel , while for the Palestinian side only 10 pages were allocated and even they did n’t include any evidence or documentation .
Confidently , he asserts : “ I can say as a jurist that all allegations mentioned in the ( Goldstone ) report do not mount to significant accusations of violating the humanitarian international law and the ( Hamas ) independent investigative committees will prove it . ”
War criminals only in Israel
Madhoun boasted of Hamas ’ cooperation with international jurists , human rights organizations , the Goldstone committee and UN delegates , which helped in establishing the argument that Israel committed war crimes .
The next stage in Hamas ’ strategy , according to Madhoun , is prosecuting Israeli “ war criminals ” worldwide and submitting lawsuits to the International Criminal Court against Israel .
Tawtheeq organization , headed by Madhoun , is backed by the Law Committee of the Palestinian parliament and its Hamas members include Dr. Yunis al - Astal who advocates the extinction of all the Jewish people , Dr. Ahmad Abu Halabia , who urged suicide attacks in Jerusalem , and Jamila al - Shanti , who identifies with terrorist attacks against Israel .
The reality is illusive and strikes time and time again in our faces .
A declared terrorist organization , which adheres to the Islamic law ( sharia ) as the only source of legitimacy and promotes ideology of genocide , receives legal support from human rights organizations and internationally respected jurists in its lawfare waged against a democratic state .
Even more peculiar is Judge Richard Goldstone ’s decision to rely without reservations on Tawtheeq and its experts in preparing its report , while they publicly make a travesty of the international law and argue that Israel violated the Palestinians ’ rights to kill Israelis in the armed struggle for the liberation of the land of Palestine and to destroy Israel .
Tonight was the first half of Jon Stewart 's two - night appearance on The O'Reilly Factor .
We were very excited : Would Stewart bust out a smackdown of Jim Cramer - sized proportions ?
Would Bill O'Reilly lose his shit ?
Was it being broadcast in 3 -D ?
Let 's get ready to have a debate on a prime - time cable news show !!!
It 's not the first time our two combatants have met in the Factor 's bright blue ring .
At the height of the 2004 presidential election , Stewart sat down with O'Reilly .
In that conversation , Stewart fought like a trained monkey — whenever O'Reilly tried to drill down , Stewart batted away his questions with silly quips , clearly unwilling to cop to any serious role .
But that was before Stewart eviscerated Cross - fire , and before his brilliant bout against Jim " Mad Money " Cramer .
Today , Stewart 's a double - threat : A deadly combo of silly jokes backed up by the ability to go serious when he thinks something is hurting America .
Bill O'Reilly , meanwhile , has been working out his shouting muscles nightly in advance of the match .
( You will see they are very strong . )
The O'Reilly / Stewart face - off tonight was funny and mean , but way less uncomfortable than we expected .
It was pretty much as civil as any O'Reilly interview .
Stewart offered a firm critique of Fox , ( " They have taken reasonable concerns about this president and this economy and turned it into full - fledged panic attack about the next coming of Chairman Mao. " ) but this was no Cross - fire take - down .
O'Reilly defended his network at full shout but was content with mainly taking a bunch of cheap shots at The Daily Show .
In fact O'Reilly took the whole thing a degree less seriously than Stewart — basically a mirror image of 2004 .
Anyway : FIGHT ! [ Ding !
Ding !]
Here 's the full two - part interview , or scroll down for a blow - by - blow of the best parts .
( And stay tuned for round two tomorrow ) :
Watch the latest news video at video.
foxnews.com
Watch the latest news video at video.
foxnews.com
O'Reilly starts with a jab at The Daily Show 's audience , a bunch of Obama - lovers sitting " on their little bleachers " waiting to clap at Jon Stewart saying nice things about Obama .
All this as a sneaky way to set up the question " how's Obama doing ? "
Point , O'Reilly
Stewart answers O'Reilly 's with a thoughtful swipe :
He likes Obama 's regulatory mechanisms .
( Which , that 's what you like ? )
Opens up a big hole here for O'Reilly to drive an anti-Big Government rant into , but he went for the cheap shot instead , asking Stewart " Did your writers come up with that ? "
O'Reilly was in fact surprisingly non-combative when it came to Stewart 's analysis of the Obama presidency .
Point , Stewart
Jon Stewart pretended his hands were spiders after talking about Obama 's health care bill .
Point , Stewart .
We get to the perennial influence question : Does Jon Stewart have an influence on people ?
Another cheap O'Reilly Shot : " That is frightening ... do you understand the implications of you being important in any context ? "
Stewart did the only thing possible to do with such a dumb question : made a joke out of it .
Point , Stewart .
Alright , after a few minutes of sizing each other up , Stewart and O'Reilly start brawling proper .
O'Reilly throws a recent poll in Stewart 's face that shows Fox is America 's most trusted news source .
On cable news , a poll is the equivalent of a folding chair wrapped in barbed wire , and the chair is on fire .
But Stewart responds with a zinger : " I believe Fox News sells the clearest narrative of any ' news organization ' if that 's ... are you still referring to it in that manner ? "
Verbal scare quotes are like a handgun .
Point , Stewart .
Now O'Reilly is seeing red .
He 's got a point in calling out " The Daily Show " for not making fun of CNN and MSNBC as much as they do Fox .
( It is always annoying when Stewart tries to pretend he does n't take sides . )
Plus , O'Reilly making good uses of his imposing physical presence here — really using the space .
Point , O'Reilly
Here 's what Fox has done , through their cyclonic perpetual emotional machine that is 24 hours a day , 7 days a week :
They have taken reasonable concerns about this president and this economy and turned it into full - fledged panic attack about the next coming of Chairman Mao .
Knockout .
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer or the baker that we expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest .
…
Nobody but a beggar chooses to depend chiefly upon the benevolence of his fellow - citizens .
— Adam Smith , The Wealth of Nations
Consider the economics of an organ transplant .
Everyone involved gets something of value .
The doctors and nurses are paid .
The hospital receives money .
The organ recipient gets something that will save her life .
And the person donating the organ gets a nice , warm feeling inside .
We can all admire the selflessness of the donor .
But if pure altruism is such a wonderful motivator , why do n't we rely on it to get medical professionals to provide their services ?
Simple : Because we would find that there are far more people demanding free care than people supplying it .
To make sure that we can obtain the treatments we need , we elect to pay , not hope .
It 's too important to rely on altruism .
Our approach changes , though , when it comes to procuring kidneys and livers .
In fact , since 1984 , it has been illegal to pay someone to surrender a body part , even posthumously .
Campaigns to browbeat Americans into signing organ donor cards , however , have n't sufficed .
The transplant organ shortage has grown .
Since 1989 , kidney donations have doubled .
But the number of patients in need of them is five times higher than it was then .
Last year , 4,456 people died while waiting for a kidney transplant .
The story with livers follows the same line .
Among the losers from this guaranteed - shortage policy are victims of cancer and other lethal diseases who need bone marrow transplants .
Some of them have filed a lawsuit , which goes to court in Los Angeles this week , asking to be allowed to offer compensation to donors — which is now a felony punishable by five years in prison .
One of the people involved in the lawsuit is Doreen Flynn of Lewiston , Maine , a single mother with five kids — including three afflicted with a rare , fatal blood disease that can be cured only with a bone marrow transplant .
The ban is particularly indefensible in this realm .
Someone giving up a kidney loses an important organ for good .
But bone marrow donors produce new marrow to replace what is lost .
Given that it 's legal under federal law to buy and sell blood and sperm , why is bone marrow treated differently ?
Monetary incentives would offset the downside of letting strangers perforate your flesh with sharp instruments .
Someone who provides marrow has to go through a longer and less enjoyable process than supplying blood or sperm .
Typically , marrow donors have to get injections for five straight days .
They then undergo a blood - collection process that takes three hours and sometimes has to be repeated .
Often , donors are anesthetized so a needle can be inserted into a hip bone .
In that case , says the American Society of Clinical Oncology , they may need a week to fully recover .
Donating is not an excruciating experience , but it 's unpleasant and time - consuming enough that about the only people who do it are those with a strong motive ( say , a friend or relative in need ) .
One result is that one of every three volunteers matched to a recipient backs out , leaving the patient high and dry .
According to the Institute for Justice , which is handling the case , 1,000 people die each year for lack of a suitable marrow donor .
If Americans could be paid for bone marrow , more would step forward .
Nobel Prize - winning economist Gary Becker of the University of Chicago , in a 2007 paper written with Julio Jorge Elias of the State University of New York at Buffalo , figured the kidney shortage could be eliminated for $ 15,000 per organ .
That 's not much , considering that it means the difference between living and dying .
It would add only 10 percent to the total cost of a transplant .
The fee would be much lower for bone marrow , simply because the donor can quickly regenerate what is lost .
In the California lawsuit , the plaintiffs only want to be able to try offering compensation in the form of a scholarship , a housing allowance or a gift to a designated charity .
There is certainly no better option on the horizon .
The benevolence of our fellow citizens can be striking .
But it 's not something to bet your life on .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Chempedia
Thank you for visiting .
Chempedia is now closed for new submissions .
However the entire database can be downloaded and re-used , free of charge under the Creative Commons CC0 License .
Pentagon Shootout : Gunman Killed After Shooting Two Police Officers
Shooter may have been angry at government over marijuana conviction .
March 4 , 2010  --
The gunman who opened fire at the Pentagon Thursday night , injuring two police officers , died of a gunshot wound to the head after police returned fire , authorities said Friday morning .
Investigators are looking into online rants against the government as a potential motive .
John Patrick Bedell , 36 , of Hollister , Calif. , died at the hospital Thursday night after Pentagon police returned fire .
Police told ABC
News that the two police officers wounded in the shooting have been released from the hospital after suffering minor injuries .
They are now on administrative leave pending the investigation of the incident , police said .
The two officers were identified as Jeffrey Amos and Marvin Carraway .
One was hit in the shoulder , the other in the thigh .
" Those injuries were grazing injuries , " said Pentagon Police Chief Richard S. Keevill .
" The police officers were able to return fire . "
The officers and the suspect were taken to George Washington Hospital in Washington , a hospital spokeswoman said .
Bedell was reported dead several hours after the shootout .
The attack may be another suicide mission aimed at the government .
While police have said they are not certain of a motive , they are investigating Internet postings in which Bedell may have written and recorded audio expressing his anger at toward the government .
Court records show he was charged with cultivating marijuana and resisting a police officer in Orange County , Calif. , in 2006 .
" The moral values of individuals and communities are increasingly attacked by a political system where deceit is routine and accepted and the only standard is power , " said an online video .
One Internet posting with the name JPatrickBedell on it talks about suspicions that the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 were staged , calling them " the September 11 demolitions . "
The posting says , " I am determined to see that justice is served in the death of Colonel James Sabow . "
The Associated Press reports that Sabow was found dead in the back yard of his California home in 1991 .
The death was ruled a suicide but the case has long been the source of theories of a cover-up .
Sabow 's family has maintained that he was murdered because he was about to expose covert military operations in Central America involving drug smuggling .
Keevill said Friday that authorities had not made " a final determination " that the shooter was the same Bedell .
Shooter in Business Clothing , Said Nothing
Bedell was well - dressed , in slacks , a white collared shirt and blazer when he came to the checkpoint , police said .
They said he had two semiautomatic weapons concealed in his clothing and a large amount of ammunition .
" The officers were emphatic about saying he was very calm , that there was no distress , " said Keevill .
" He had his arms down at his pocket .
We see folks come up to the Pentagon every day that have their passes in different places .
He reached into his pocket .
They assumed he was going to get his pass out .
He came out with a gun and just started shooting . "
Bedell drove to Washington from California over the past few weeks , Keevill said , adding that police have been able to trace his movements from credit card records .
He parked his vehicle in a local garage ; it has since been impounded .
The shooting occurred at a Pentagon pre-screening area near the entrance to the Pentagon Metro Station .
The officers belonged to the Pentagon Force Protection Agency .
Code Red Lockdown at the Pentagon
When the shots rang out at around 6:40 p.m. on Thursday night , hundreds of employees at the Pentagon were ordered to go into " Code Red " -- the entire building locked down , with no one allowed to enter or leave .
At least three ambulances were seen at the location , and all parking lots at the massive Defense Department headquarters were closed off .
After about 45 minutes , people were allowed to leave the Pentagon building through entrances other than the one closest to the Metro station , though Metro trains bypassed the Pentagon station .
Service to the station resumed around 8 p.m. , according to a statement by Metro officials , though parts of the facility remained closed as police continued to investigate the shooting .
26,000 People Work at Pentagon
The Pentagon Metro station stop is a couple of hundred feet from the famous five - sided building .
People leaving the station who wish to enter the Pentagon must show ID to Pentagon police in order to get close to the building .
The Pentagon , just across the Potomac River from downtown Washington , is , by area , the world 's largest office building .
About 26,000 people work there , according to the Defense Department .
For more information , please click on our report here .
The story has been updated since its original posrting .
ABC News ' Jason Ryan , Steven Portnoy , Martha Raddatz and Jennifer Wlach contributed to this story .
Additional information from The Associated Press .
News Item : Spreading voluntaryism left and right
( Category : Miscellaneous )
Posted by Wendy McElroy
Thursday 29 January 2009 - 07:54:43
Spreading voluntaryism left and right
by Ross Kenyon
Itâ€™s counter - intuitive but Iâ€™ve found it to be true : turning liberals onto voluntaryism can be a less daunting challenge than turning conservatives onto consistent libertarian principles .
The right finds itself drifting without consistent philosophical underpinnings , but liberals sometimes get a whiff of the old reliable argument from self ownership , albeit inconsistently .
From a philosophical starting point , voluntaryists will have much more in common with a conservative of the Libertarian or Republican variety .
They wonâ€™t challenge assertions on individualism , private property rights , or governmentâ€™s massive failure to produce successful outcomes .
In addition , they may even give you that taxes are violent , but will venture that this violence is necessary , without which roads would never be built and all of the worst parts of the Bible would occur .
If they believe in a free market , consistency demands they rationally explain why certain goods ( like personal defense , infrastructure , and contractual enforcement ) could not be provided cheaper and more efficiently by entrepreneurs .
For many conservative free marketers , this extra stop on the Liberty train can be a foreign leap too far for in the direction of the pejorative known only as â€œanarchism.â€ 
It isnâ€™t absurd to suggest that conservatives can seem more callous about the plight of the impoverished than their liberal adversaries , at least on the surface .
Their arguments to keep their material wealth derive not out of some well - established philosophical adherence to ethical behavior and the disapproval of theft in any scenario , but out of the nearly innate idea of , â€ œHEY !
I earned this !
Itâ€™s mine !â€ 
While we can agree that that the right to their justly acquired property is important and should exist , they come off sounding foolish and cold to those with primarily humanitarian concerns .
Rather than defending their success as a pinnacle of human productivity , development , and free and voluntary trade they end up caricatured as â€˜selfishâ€™ cigar - chomping fat cat mafia dons who would prefer to see the poor fighting each other with trident , net , and gladius than to pay them a decent wage .
This undermines the case for individualist ethics as a superior morality because they lack a sound foundation for supporting their undeveloped sense of individualism : self ownership .
If self ownership is not recognized as a universal principle any conversation on how society should operate and how individuals should interact will remain hopelessly neutered and befuddled .
As long as conservativism fails to defend their free marketeering from a consistent ethical principle we will continue to observe cultural conservativism employing the guns of state to ironically create its vision of a healthy society .
It is so much easier to appeal to liberals because their heart is often in the right place .
They want to help people and to save the world , but they have not followed the ethical rabbit holes of their premises to their logical conclusions .
If they will admit ( or you can convince them ) that private property can , should , or does exist , and that theft of that property by the government or private individuals is immoral and violent , it is only a matter of working through the â€œyeah butsâ€ until they reach the logical and moral conclusion that state solutions are violent solutions .
They believe they oppose violence , and when they realize that the only tool the state has to utilize for good or evil is violence they will transform into voluntaryists .
Reliance on the guns of the state to solve problems is drilled into us .
It is everywhere around us , and it doesnâ€™t help that most of our education is confusingly a violent state solution to a social problem .
The true nature of the state is never openly and honestly examined .
The actions of the state are perceived as legitimate answers to predicaments .
Rather than condemning the violence of state schools as immoral , an average left - leaning person will assume that the problem with the public school system derives from inadequate funding .
The fact that people without children might like to keep their money and that people with children might like to send their kids to school elsewhere are being coerced into supporting public education is sloppily dismissed under the vague pretenses of social contract theory .
You chose to live in a public school district , sorry !
Rather than getting trapped in the well with Rousseauâ€™s endorsement of involuntary relationships , it is better to approach those who are already positing arguments for self ownership in the queer and reproductive rights arena and to help them expand their affinity for self ownership to its logical conclusion .
Once the principle of self ownership is rightfully understood the economic implications of libertarianism will follow .
Convincing a cultural conservative who likes free markets to respect the self ownership of those with atypical but nonaggressive lifestyles can be terribly frustrating .
Without that fundamental recognition of self ownership petty prejudices and localized preferences will subvert all attempts at inspiring consistent individualism .
Those who are arguing for specific cases of self ownership have seen some of the trees .
Show them the forest .
This news item is from WendyMcElroy.com
( http://www.wendymcelroy.com/news.php?extend.3043 )
DETROIT --
The stumble Detroit Red Wings forward Patrick Eaves took during
in Nashville figures to be on the hockey bloopers reel for years to come .
His teammates and coaches got a chuckle out of it .
So did Eaves , and that 's what coach Mike Babcock liked to see .
“ The best part for me , and the message to kids right there was when he was laying on the ice smiling , '' Babcock said .
" That ’s what life ’s about .
You get out there , you give it all you got .
Sometimes it does n’t work out .
You get up , you have a smile on your face and you get ready to do it again . ''
Babcock admitted his kids found it quite amusing .
“ My kids wanted me to rewind it and show it to them .
I had no trouble doing it , '' Babcock said .
" I was at bowling yesterday for my youngest girl ’s team hockey party , so I was working on the game , so they made me rewind it like about 20 times . ''
As he made his move on goaltender Pekka Rinne , Eaves stumbled and fell , failing to get a shot off and sliding into the corner .
" He toe - picked on the one foot and then he toe - picked on the second foot , '' Babcock said .
" He had 'em , he pump - ( faked ) him good .
He might have a torn ego , but he ’ll be all right . ''
Eaves took it all in stride .
“ What happened was pretty awesome and funny , great reaction from both benches and I think it made everyone in the arena laugh , too , and I was laughing , '' Eaves said .
" I ’m sure I ’ll see it again and again .
" We ended up winning .
Fortunately , it did n’t knock Howie ( Jimmy Howard ) off his focus too much . ’’
Said teammate Derek Meech : “ The refs were laughing , the coaches were laughing .
I was trying to keep it in .
I looked over and saw a few of the boys chucking , so it was pretty funny . ’’
I just uploaded the first version of the attoparsec - iteratee library to Hackage .
It takes applicative parsers written using attoparsec and automagically converts them to iteratees that can parse things from streams in O ( 1 ) space .
… and the combination is fast : a prototype HTTP server I ’m working on uses this library and can handle as many as 13 k reqs / sec on my Macbook :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - When Andy Glantzman agreed to be filmed baring his soul about what it was like to lose his job , he did n’t expect millions to see his confession .
Four of 22 fired workers featured in the Oscar nominated film " Up in the Air " are shown in this combination of publicity photos released to Reuters February 8 , 2010 .
Clockwise from top left are Andy Glantzman , LaMorris Conner , Kevin Pilla and Marlene Gorkiewicz .
Glantzman and 21 other fired workers , found themselves with bit parts in the movie , which stars George Clooney as a corporate hatchet man who fires people for a living .
It includes cuts of Glantzman and others talking about their real - life experiences .
REUTERS / Paramount Pictures / Handout
But instead of winding up in a documentary as he expected , Glantzman and 21 other fired workers , found themselves with bit parts in the movie “ Up in the Air ” which last week earned six Oscar nominations , including best film and best director .
The film stars George Clooney as a corporate hatchet man who fires people for a living .
It includes cuts of Glantzman and others talking about their real - life experiences .
A year later , many of the 22 recession victims shown in the film have new jobs .
Their stories may offer hope to others .
“ The movie gave me a reason to get out of the house and put a suit on and feel worthwhile instead of sitting around waiting for my next unemployment check , ” Glantzman said in an interview .
“ It all starts with raising your self esteem . ”
Glantzman was fired from a luxury car dealership in Detroit a few weeks before he spotted a newspaper ad asking for people who lost their jobs to send in a letter describing their loss .
He was picked to reenact the experience and what he wished he had said to his old employer .
“ I found that to be extremely therapeutic .
I knew I certainly was n’t alone , ” he said .
Four months later he had relocated to Grand Rapids , Michigan and found a job in a charter schools company .
MOVIE MIRRORS REALITY
Others in the film said they also felt connected to workers across America who lost their jobs in recession .
“ Everyone knows someone who is out of a job , ” said LaMorris Conner , who has found work as a restaurant manager .
Strangers recognize him from the movie as the guy “ who ca n’t even take my kids to Chuck E. Cheese ’s . ”
The United States has lost 8.4 million jobs since the start of the recession in December 2007 , according to the U.S. Labor Department .
A government report last week , showed unemployment fell slightly to a five - month low of 9.7 per cent , but the economy was still shedding jobs .
The amateur actors from “ Up in the Air , ” said the movie allowed them to retain some self - respect after suffering one of life ’s most humiliating experiences .
“ Not just part of your professional life is taken away , but also part of your personal life , ” said Kevin Pilla , who had just bought a new house and was supporting a wife and four children when he was fired from an electronics company .
Pilla , 39 , who after 18 months of joblessness is now employed at a medical billing services company , added : “ It ’s hard to rediscover yourself . ”
But , he said , director Jason Reitman gave him an opportunity to do so .
Not all those who pop up in the film have found work , but some are still hopeful .
Marlene Gorkiewicz , who appears in the movie on the verge of tears , is still looking for work after being fired last year after 27 years at a major airline .
Not long ago , the most prominent supporters of the public option were touting it as essential for healthcare reform .
Now , suddenly , it 's incidental .
In fact , many who were lauding a public option as the key to a better healthcare future are now condemning just about anyone who insists that the absence of a public option makes the current bill unworthy of support .
Consider this statement : " If I were a senator , I would not vote for the current healthcare bill .
Any measure that expands private insurers ' monopoly over healthcare and transfers millions of taxpayer dollars to private corporations is not real healthcare reform . "
That statement is as true today as it was when Howard Dean , former chairman of the Democratic National Committee , made it three months ago in a Washington Post op - ed .
But now , a concerted political blitz is depicting anyone who takes such a position as a menace to " real healthcare reform . "
After devoting vast amounts of time , money , energy and political capital to banging the drum for the public option as absolutely vital during 2009 and through this winter , countless liberal organizations and prominent Democrats in Congress have made a short - order shift .
You are now to understand that the public option is n't essential -- it 's expendable .
And all of the sudden , people who assert that a public option is a minimal requirement for meaningful healthcare reform are no longer principled -- they 're pernicious .
This dynamic goes way beyond the routine malleability of political positions .
While the whips crack on Capitol Hill , what we 're seeing is a stampede of herd doublethink .
*****
I continue to believe that guaranteed healthcare -- a.k.a. single - payer or enhanced Medicare for all -- is the only way to solve this country 's enormous healthcare crisis .
But early last year , before the public option shrank and shrank some more and then disappeared under the bus of the Obama administration , it appeared to possibly be a significant step forward .
But the White House , even while claiming to want a public option , was cutting deals with the pharmaceutical and hospital industries while ditching the public option .
For those who doubt that the administration engaged in double - dealing to such an extent , I recommend the March 16 article by Huffington Post writer Miles Mogulescu , " NY Times Reporter Confirms Obama Made Deal to Kill Public Option . "
A postscript from Mogulescu voices a broader outlook .
I 'll quote a couple of paragraphs here :
" Whenever I write blogs which are critical of Obama and Congressional Democrats for making corporatist deals , I get numerous comments from people who believe they are progressive but say they will never vote for Obama or Democrats again , that they will stay home at the next election , or that they will vote for small third parties who have no chance of winning .
It 's not my intent to encourage those views .
Do people making these comments really think bringing Republicans back to power would make things better ?
. . .
" Progressives need to have a sophisticated and nuanced relationship with elected Democrats .
After the 2008 elections , too many progressive organizations demobilized believing their job was simply to take orders from the White House to support Obama 's agenda , whatever it was .
That was a mistake .
It 's equally a mistake for progressives to overreact in the opposite direction and think they can abandon electoral politics and do nothing to prevent the Republicans from regaining power .
What 's needed is a powerful grassroots progressive movement to force elected officials to do the right thing more often and to counter - balance the power of big money in politics .
The periods of progressive change in American politics , like the Progressive Era , The New Deal , and the Great Society , have come when strong progressive movements have forced elites and elected officials to enact somewhat progressive legislation . "
The dynamic now in full force on Capitol Hill was aptly described by Dean in his Post op - ed midway through December : " In Washington , when major bills near final passage , an inside - the - Beltway mentality takes hold .
Any bill becomes a victory .
Clear thinking is thrown out the window for political calculus .
In the heat of battle , decisions are being made that set an irreversible course for how future health reform is done .
The result is legislation that has been crafted to get votes , not to reform healthcare . "
A week after Dean 's article , the Senate approved the healthcare bill that is now on track to be " deemed " by the House -- with the avid support of Dean and numerous other public - option enthusiasts , and also for that matter with the support of Rep.
John Conyers and many other single - payer enthusiasts ( including , as of Wednesday , Rep. Dennis Kucinich ) .
The quality of the Senate healthcare legislation has n't improved in the three months since Dean condemned it .
What has gone over the top is the cacophony of voices and pressures to tout doublethink as virtuous pragmatism .
*****
But there are big problems with skipping lightly past the absence of a public option in the current bill .
And none is bigger than the reality of the individual mandate in the legislation .
It 's remarkable and sadly revealing that boosters of the bill have scarcely mentioned -- much less publicly come to terms with -- the dire implications of a nearly enacted law that requires people to have health insurance and offers no option other than further enriching the private insurance industry .
Last year , when the subject came up , progressive supporters of the White House 's general approach were quick to offer assurances that a public option would mitigate the unpleasant aspects of mandated coverage .
After all , the story went , people could select a nonprofit government - run entity for insurance coverage rather than being forced to choose between corporate insurance policies .
But now , if the pending bill becomes law , people will be forced to choose between corporate insurance policies .
Meanwhile , all the hype about how 30 million more Americans " will be covered " fails to deal with the quality and cost of their purported coverage , much less how much real access to healthcare will actually result .
For many , the available coverage would be bottom - of - the - barrel quality -- and even then , given thin personal finances , would cause added strains to pay for premiums .
In the absence of public - option health insurance run for purposes other than maximizing profits , the built - in unfairness of an individual mandate becomes magnified .
What 's more , the very concept of healthcare as a human right will be fundamentally undermined by placing the health - insurance burden on individuals .
Many who receive government subsidies will routinely struggle to make ends meet , while making do with shoddy health plans as part of a new configuration of healthcare apartheid .
And , inevitably , the extent of government subsidies will be vulnerable to attacks from politicians eager to cut " entitlements . "
On a political level , the mandate provision is a massive gift to the Republican Party , all set to keep on giving to the right wing for many years .
With a highly intrusive requirement that personal funds and government subsidies be paid to private corporations , the law would further empower right - wing populists who want to pose as foes of government " elites " bent on enriching Wall Street .
With this turn of the " healthcare reform " screw , the Democratic Party will be cast -- with strong evidence -- as a powerful tool of corporate America .
But the Democrats on Capitol Hill and the organizations eagerly whipping for passage are determined to celebrate the enactment of something called " healthcare reform . "
*****
" When I use a word , " Humpty Dumpty said , " it means just what I choose it to mean -- neither more nor less . "
" The question is , " Alice replied , " whether you can make words mean so many different things . "
" The question is , " Humpty Dumpty responded , " which is to be master -- that 's all . "
Many well - informed and insightful people are now hoping that the current healthcare bill will become law and then lead to something better .
But few backers want to dwell on its requirement that everyone get health coverage from the private insurance industry -- a stunning , deeply structural transfer of humongous power and wealth that would greatly boost the leverage of an already autocratic corporate state .
A new milestone was reached Feb. 18 in a longstanding civil rights case brought by African American farmers who suffered discrimination in federal loans and subsidies .
Many of the farmers incurred huge debts or lost their land as a result .
In announcing a $ 1.25 billion settlement in the 1997 lawsuit filed by Timothy Pigford and hundreds of other African American farmers who said the U.S. Department of Agriculture discriminated against them between 1983 and 1997 , Agriculture Secretary Thomas Vilsack called on Congress to approve the funding .
President Obama had included funds for the settlement in his 2010 budget request but Congress still has n’t approved the 2010 farm bill .
The president has renewed the request in his 2011 budget .
A federal judge must also okay the settlement .
Vilsack told reporters he would “ focus all my time and resources ” on assuring the settlement .
“ The president is prepared to indicate that it ’s a priority not just for his administration but for the country . ”
In a statement , Obama praised Vilsack and Attorney General Eric Holder for “ bringing these long - ignored claims of African American farmers to a rightful conclusion . ”
The Clinton administration had earlier paid $ 1 billion to some 16,000 African American farmers in 1999 , but an estimated 70,000 or more farmers missed the filing deadline because they failed to receive the information in time .
The National Black Farmers Association and the Congressional Black Caucus fought to reopen the settlement .
Once Congress approves the funds , farmers will be able to apply for up to $ 50,000 and debt relief through an expedited process , or they can seek damages of up to $ 250,000 through a more detailed procedure .
The settlement “ moves us an important step closer to a just resolution of the Black farmers ’ cases , ” National Black Farmers Association president Dr. John Boyd said in a statement .
Commending Vilsack and Holder for their leadership , Boyd added , “ Next week another Black farmer will lose his farm .
Others are at risk of not living to see justice .
These farmers have waited for years , and simply cannot wait any longer for final resolution . ”
Rep. Barbara Lee , D - Calif. , chair of the Congressional Black Caucus , said she is “ encouraged that today ’s settlement is an opportunity for Black farmers who were denied the benefit of USDA loans and programs to be made whole . ”
Lee told the Washington Post that “ lack of access to loans and other assistance which were provided to other farmers ” was partly to blame for a nearly 50 percent drop over the last two decades in the number of farms operated by Black farmers .
The NAACP said it is “ fully committed ” to working with USDA and the Congress to make sure the funds are appropriated .
In 1980 the North Carolina Black Farmers organization filed a discrimination complaint against the USDA ’s credit arm , the Farmers Home Association .
An investigation by the Office of Equal Opportunity showed discrimination in real estate appraisals of Black owned farmlands , and in the number and amount of emergency loans they received .
The National Black Farmers Association later obtained USDA figures showing that of nearly 23,000 loans the Farmers Home Association granted in 1997 , only 2.3 percent went to Black farmers .
In recent weeks the Black farmers have held demonstrations in Arkansas , Tennessee , Georgia , Mississippi , Virginia and South Carolina as well as in Washington , D.C .
Under Obama the Department of Agriculture has hired field investigators for the first time since 1997 .
Last year it suspended foreclosures for 30 days to check loans for possible discrimination .
" Take the poor , the sick , the abused - and make them your God . "
Paul is a cofounder of Lola.com , an online travel service dedicated to serving the needs of business travelers and their company .
Paul was previously the cofounder of Kayak ( sold to Priceline ) , GetHuman ( ongoing ) , Boston Light Software ( sold to Intuit ) , Intermute ( sold to Trend Micro ) , and the World Xiangqi League .
Non-profit work : Paul is the cofounder of King Boston , Summits Education ( a school system with 10,000 students in Haiti ) , the Winter Walk ( Boston homeless awareness ) , and also serves on the boards of Humanity Rises ( refugees ) , Partners In Health ( global health ) and Village Health Works ( Burundi ) .
Articles : albums , back , books , brian , Buddhism , cake , charisma , coronavirus , friends , giving , hacks , hiring , Htrack email , investments , meditation , meetings , movies , NDA , obit , pain , paranightmare , podcasts , psilocybin , security , smoothie , ted , time , trump , trust , zoom .
See also : bio , press , wikipedia , contact .
Follow Paul on Twitter , Instagram , LinkedIn .
Another sexual abuse lawsuit has been filed against the Christian Brothers ' Anthony ( Raimond ) Rose , the 10th in the past 13 months .
The suit , announced Monday , accuses Rose of molesting a 15 - year - old boy on a trip to Chicago in 1972 .
The suit also charges the Christian Brothers with fraud .
It argues that the religious order knew of earlier reports of Rose abusing teenage boys but that it " represented to the victim and family that Rose was safe . "
The alleged victim , who still lives in Minnesota , met Rose when Rose was the chaplain at Dunrovin Retreat Center in Marine on St. Croix .
He was among a group of Twin Cities teens who traveled with Rose to Chicago .
He was assigned to share a room with Rose , said his lawyer , Patrick Noaker .
Rose , 76 , is retired and living in Chicago .
In 2003 , he was named in a suit alleging that he molested a student in California .
That case was settled out of court for $ 1.1 million .
Since February 2009 , six other suits have been filed against Rose in Minnesota .
Three more have been filed in North Dakota , where he taught at a Fargo high school for four years .
Bob Schwiderski , director of the Minnesota chapter of Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , said Monday 's suit likely is not the last one he will face in Minnesota .
JEFF STRICKLER
Blogger Daniel Doro Ferrante wrote on Mar. 9 , 2010 @ 18:38 GMT
i
i
i
i
this post has been edited by the author since its original submission
It ’s too late for Valentine ’s Day , and too early for April Fool ’s Day , so when I first saw the paper a paper titled “ Quantum Dating Market , I was n’t quite sure what to make of it .
But in the spirit of William Orem ’s post , “ Quantum of Love , ” I decided to take a look .
It turns out that the paper deals with the well - known “ Stable Marriage Problem . ”
From Wikipedia ’s entry on the topic : “ Given ' n ' men and ' n ' women , where each person has ranked all members of the opposite sex with a unique number between ' 1 ' and 'n ' in order of preference , marry the men and women off such that there are no two people of opposite sex who would both rather have each other than their current partners .
If there are no such people , all the marriages are " stable " .
” In the quantum dating market paper , O.G. Zabaleta and C.M. Arizmendi use a quantum algorithm to attack the problem rather than the traditional classical algorithm .
To better appreciate this result , you might want to look at some of these sources to better understand the needed ingredients .
Game theory : Wikipedia and Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Quantum Game Theory : Wikipedia , “ An invitation to Quantum Game Theory ” and “ Quantum Game Theory ( AMS Notices ) Game Theory ( classical , non-quantum ) , roughly speaking , deals with the following problem : situations in which strategical interactions between rational players yields results with respect to the preferences chosen by said players .
Speaking a bit more mathematically , let us define a game with n people ( i.e. , players ) through the following 2 properties , 1. ' n ' sets2. ' n ' real - valued functions
The set Sis called the “ Strategy Space ” of the i-th player , and the function Pis called the “ Payoff Function ” of the i-th player .
This formulation is generic enough to model almost any concrete problem of strategic interactions : the Sare the available actions to player ( we imagine the each player must choose an action ) ; the actions have some consequence and Pmeasures what player measures as this consequence .
Given the above , we can try and define what is a “ Quantum Game ” : naïvely speaking , a quantum game is one in which each player implements a _mixed_ strategy , what requires that the Strategy Space be _expanded_ .
Thus , in a quantum game , the player can choose a strategy that is a _linear combination_ of the classical strategies , such that , However , this linear combination only captures one of the characteristics present in a quantum game : there is still another one which is relevant in this problem : quantum entanglement .
Therefore , at the end of the day , the final result of a quantum game is different from what would be obtained through the use of a mixed strategy , once quantum entanglement could lead to very non-trivial results .
In the paper , the authors apply Grover 's algorithm , which is a quantum algorithm , to the Stable Marriage Problem .
The power of Grover 's Algorithm is that it performs an unordered database search in
rather than the classical Making a loose analogy ( a free interpretation of the meaning of a quantum strategy for the dating market ) , essentially , the paper says that a quantum strategy is more efficient to solve the SMP .
Well , this implies that a certain male player would choose to date several female players ( with a certain probability to each female player ) at the same time , repeating this process several times , until an " equilibrium state " would be found , i.e. , until the male player found its " better half " .
However , one of the possible outcomes of the quantum entanglement would be that in which all female players decide , at the _same time_ , not to date the male player anymore .
So perhaps not such a good romantic outcome after all .
The Catholic church in Ireland was today embroiled in another child abuse scandal after allegations that a victim was paid to keep quiet in a deal overseen by the bishop of Derry .
Bishop Seamus Hegarty was named as a party in a confidential civil settlement after a woman claimed she was abused by a priest for more than a decade , according to a report in today 's Belfast Telegraph .
According to the newspaper , the claim was settled without admission of liability but with a payment of £ 12,000 to the alleged victim .
The settlement between the archdiocese of Derry and the woman , who was eight when the abuse began , reportedly contained a confidentiality clause preventing her from discussing the case .
Her ordeal allegedly began in 1979 and lasted for a decade before she revealed at her 18th birthday party that she had been repeatedly abused by the priest .
The allegation came as further developments in similar abuse scandals in Germany and Austria compounded the woes of Pope Benedict XVI .
In Germany , the archbishop of Munich , Reinhard Marx , said Catholic bishops in Benedict 's home state of Bavaria felt " deep consternation and shame " at the reports of abuse .
" The priority is the search for the truth and achieving an open atmosphere that will give the victims courage to speak about what happened to them , " Marx said .
The pope has promised to issue a letter on the scandal , but an Austrian priest yesterdayberated the pontiff for his reluctance to comment on the issue .
" If the pope himself does n't take a stance , apologise for what Rome has committed over the past decades in terms of cover - up , then our believers will become even more disappointed than they already are , " Father Udo Fischer , who heads a parish in the Lower Austrian village of Paudorf , told the ORF public broadcaster .
The Derry abuse case allegedly began after the priest was invited into the family home by the alleged victim 's parents , who had no idea he was a child abuser .
She claims he told the girl that God would punish her if she spoke out about her ordeal .
After she did speak out , her family approached the diocese in Derry , and the victim claims the cleric was moved to another parish despite meetings with Hegarty in 1994 during which he told her family he would deal with the problem .
In an interview with the Belfast Telegraph today , her family described Hegarty as being " totally unsympathetic " during their initial meetings .
Her father said : " He just glared at me and scowled that this priest was seriously ill , as if I should feel pity for him . "
A spokesperson for Hegarty said : " They [ the diocese ] will not be making any comment until they have read the story fully and gone into the parish files and read all the details .
"
The scandal comes amid calls for national inquiries in Germany and Ireland to uncover the detail and extent of sexual abuse by priests .
With the abuse allegations affecting Catholic churches across Europe , an Austrian priest today took the unusual step of criticising the pope today , saying he should have taken a stronger stance against abusers a long time ago .
Father Udo Fischer , who heads a parish in the lower Austrian village of Paudorf , said Jesus would " certainly not " have stayed silent and called on the pontiff .
He called on the pope to apologise and reform the church .
Yesterday , the head of Ireland 's Catholics , Cardinal Sean Brady , apologised for his role in covering up abuse after admitting being present at two closed tribunals to discuss abuse allegations against Father Brendan Smyth .
Smyth died in prison while serving 12 years for 74 sexual assaults on children .
During those meetings , two children were made to sign an oath of silence to the Catholic church , stating that they would not talk about their claims with anybody other than a priest .
Weapons of Mass Prescription
Destroy any nation by destroying the health of its citizens
Poisoning the environment with chemical weapons
Reshaping the human gene pool -- clever !
( Natural News )
Most people are familiar with traditionalsuch biological weapons , nuclear weapons and chemical weapons .
The point of all suchis to inflict a large number of casualties onas a way to cripple a nation into political or military submission .
When it comes to actually deploying weapons of mass destruction ( WMDs ) against civilian populations , no country has murdered more innocent civilians than the United States of America through its bombing of two Japanese cities during World War II .
( This is n't rhetoric , it 's an historical fact . )
Atomic bombs were very visible WMDs deployed in World War II as a way to force the empire of Japan to surrender to western forces .
Since that time , full - scale nuclear weapons have never again been used directly on civilian targets , meaning the United States of America maintains the distinction of being the only nation in the history of human civilization to have dropped atomic weapons on civilian populations .
It begs the question :
If national leaders believe dropping atomic weapons on civilian populations is justified , what other weapons might they feel justified in unleashing upon civilian populations ?
What if a nation wanted to reduce its own civilian population but do it ?
One way to accomplish that would be tothe civilian population through exposure to toxic chemicals , heavy metals , hormone - disrupting molecules and nerve toxins .
And as any terrorist can tell you , the most covert way to accomplish that would be to inject such chemicals into the everyday products that people routinely consume :
Water , food , personal care products and medicines .
I even published a cartoon with this theme a couple of years ago : https://www.naturalnews.com/021880_water_terr...
Here 's another interesting fact :
If you examine what 's in the water , food , products and medicines sold across North America , you 'll discover a dangerous assortment of chemicals that , taken together , could quite reasonably be considered weapons of mass destruction .
Interestingly , the fluoride dumped into public water supplies was originally an offshoot of the enrichment processing facilities for uranium to be used in nuclear weapons .
These days , however , fluoride is usually just the toxic waste from fertilizer manufacturing factories or the waste from smokestack scrubbers of coal - fired power plants .
Either way , it 's not good for your teeth :
The entire fluoride agenda largely a convenient , low - cost way to dispose of industrial waste chemicals while calling it a public health program .
Antibacterial soaps derive their antibacterial properties from chemicals that are molecularly quite similar to the infamousused in the Vietnam War .
And yet these products are openly marketed for use by children .
Similarly , children and adults continue to be poisoned by heavy metals likethanks to the highly toxic practices of modern dentistry -- an industry which astoundingly has still failed to admit to the obvious toxicity of a heavy metal its practitioners continue to install in people 's mouths as " silver fillings " ( which actually contain more mercury than silver ) .
There are hormone - disrupting chemicals in most of the plastics used in the processed food industry -- especially canned soups which are often highly toxic for a variety of other reasons .
MSG and other nervous system destroyers are used throughout the food supply in soups , snack foods , salad dressings , flavorings and dips .
These are all chemical assaults of one kind or another , but the greatest assault on the minds and bodies of western consumers comes in the form of .
That 's why I call them ' Weapons of Mass Prescription .
'
If you want to destroy any nation , simply unleash Big Pharma into its medical system .
Within just two generations , its people will suffer widespread organ damage , sharp decline in cognitive function and rampant degenerative disease brought on by the side effects of everyday pharmaceuticals Antidepressants , for example , cause diabetes and obesity .
Cancer drugs cause neurological disorders .
Some arthritis drugs actually promote arthritis !
And do n't even get me started with the neurotoxicity of the chemicals used in vaccines ... Most of them also contribute to long - term organ damage that affects the liver , heart , brain and kidneys .
Pharmaceuticals are synthetic chemicals which are inherently incompatible with human biology .
Whatever " therapeutic effects " appear to be present from pharmaceuticals are really justthat temporarily appear to be therapeutic but are actually disruptive to human biology .
Many pharmaceuticals are , in fact , blatant poisons to begin with .
Popular blood - thinning drugs , which are usually just rebrandedchemicals , are molecularly identical to .
( Warfarin is actually used as rat poison .
It 's true .
This is not an urban legend . )
Chemotherapy chemicals are extremely poisonous , and cancer patients frequently die from the toxicity of these drugs .
Those who do n't die often suffer from " chemo brain " -- a severe loss of cognitive function routinely experienced by victims of chemotherapy .
Meanwhile , the sheer quantity of prescription medications being used on civilian populations is resulting in thewith HRT drugs , painkiller drugs , cholesterol medications and other Big Pharma chemicals .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/025994.html )
It 's so bad now that even the fish that swim near major cities are contaminated with medications .
( https://www.naturalnews.com/025933_pharmas_en...
At some point , all the chemical contamination with pharmaceuticals brings the obvious question to mind :
Is the U.S. civilian population being targeted in a covert chemical war that accomplishes the same thing as dropping bombs on Hiroshima , only more slowly and quietly ?
And if so , what would be the purpose of such a chemical war on the American people ?
is the obvious answer ... not only because pharmaceuticals kill so many people but also because .
By dumping so many chemicals onto civilian populations , the population can be reduced in the long term through chemically - induced infertility .
Now here 's an interesting aspect of this :
If all these mainstream consumer chemicals cause infertility , they 're only causing it among those mainstream consumers who are careless enough with their own health to keep eating , drinking and swallowing all these synthetic chemicals in the first place .
And that means this " population control " measure , if it actually does exist , is theoretically causing the greatest infertility in those who have the least ability to make good decisions about their own genetic health .
It 's potentially a way to achieve a significant shift in the gene pool of the human race by eliminating the genetic futures of those who are stupid enough to poison their own bodies ( and therefore compromise their own genetic code ) through mass exposure to synthetic chemicals .
As I 've often said , there are a huge number of people in western nations right now ( such as the USA , Canada , UK , etc. ) who are collectivelyby removing themselves from the human gene pool .
And pharmaceuticals , it turns out , are the perfect WMDs to allow those who most deserve to be removed from the human gene pool to accomplish exactly that .
People who eat , drink and consume large quantities of synthetic chemicals and dangerous prescription medications are demonstrating that they are not qualified to participate in the gene pool of the human race .
I watched the House pass the health care bill earlier tonight .
The talking heads all claimed it had the votes to pass , but I still found myself a case of nerves as the numbers piled up oh - so - slowly .
The feeling of relief when the count hit 216 was palpable .
A great night for Obama , for the Democrats , for America .
Is it a perfect piece of legislation ?
By no means .
It 's deeply flawed .
What we really need in this country is a single payer system , like Canada and Australia .
Failing that , a viable public option .
But the political realities being what they are , we could not get either of them .
This small , hesitant , deeply flawed bill is nonetheless an important first step on the road that will , one hopes , eventually take this country to where the rest of the western democracies arrived several generations ago .
Pelosi and Obama both spoke about politics being personal .
So true , especially where health care is concerned .
Let me tell you a few of my own experiences .
I 've been a full - time freelance writer since 1979 , and I 've been fortunate enough to do very well at it , thank you .
As a result , I have health insurance .
But even for me , it has n't been easy .
I remember , when I first moved to Santa Fe and went full time as a writer , I was coming off three years teaching college , when my health insurance had been covered by my job .
Now I had to find my own .
I was young and healthy back then ... even slim and fit , believe it or not ... but I did n't have a lot of money , and when I went looking for an individual policy , everything I found cost way more than I could afford and covered way less than my group insurance with the college had .
To get affordable insurance , I had to join a group : the Santa Fe Chamber of Commerce .
As a " small business , " I joined the CofC and signed up for their group coverage .
It was not great insurance , by any means , but it gave me some protection for a few years .
But that was in 1980 or so .
In a more recent decade , when the Writer 's Guild policy that had covered me during my Hollywood years expired , I tried the same dodge ... only to discover that while I could still join the Chamber of Commerce as a sole proprietorship , I could no longer get their health insurance .
That was now available only to members who had two full - time employees .
The insurance company had ... you guessed it ... changed the rules .
From 1997 - 1998
I served as vice - president of SFWA , the Science Fiction Writers of America , in the administration of Michael Capobianco , one of SFWA 's most outstanding leaders .
A LOT of freelance writers had no health insurance , and Capo did what no other president before him had been able to do : find a decent , affordable group policy for SFWA members .
It was through Aetna , and while it was n't as good as some other policies -- the WGA policy was much better -- it was good enough , and certainly both cheaper and better than anything any writer could find as an individual .
I signed up , as did a couple hundred other SFWAns , and for a couple of years we had the peace of mind that having such insurance brings .
And then Aetna dropped us .
No particular reason was ever given .
Guess we were n't profitable enough for them .
They just cancelled the entire group .
That was n't allowed in New York State , where state laws required them to continue insuring policy holders resident in that state .
But those of us in the other forty - nine states were out of luck .
Nor were SFWA 's officers ( Capo and I were out of office by that time ) able to find ANY other insurance company willing to step in and take Aetna 's place .
We were a group with fourteen hundred members , a couple hundred of whom had showed themselves willing and able to purchase group insurance ( the rest , presumably , had policies from day jobs or through spouses , or were unable to afford any insurance whatsover ) ... and yet no one would insure us .
Like I said , I am one of the lucky ones .
I was able to go back to the WGA for a few years , and from them to COBRA , and thanks to our state laws in New Mexico , I could purchase insurance through the New Mexico Health Insurance Alliance coming off COBRA without fear of being refused for pre-existing conditions .
So I 'm covered .
But I have a lot of friends who are not nearly so fortunate .
Many of you reading this blog today are presumably science fiction and fantasy fans .
It would probably shock you to know how many of your favorite writers have no health insurance whatsover .
Most midlist writers struggle to get by even at the best of times ; lean times can be lean indeed .
For a self - employed individual , even one who can afford the premiums , insurance can be very hard to find and obscenely expensive when you do find it ... and god help you if you have a pre-existing condition , because the insurance companies sure wo n't .
This has all been brought home to me forcefully these past few years .
A couple years back , one of my dearest friends , a great writer and a great guy , almost died of a heart attack .
He had to have a quintuple bypass , and had a very difficult time recovering from it .
No insurance .
No money , either .
Only the fact that he was a veteran saved him .
He was able to get help from the VA .
More recently , another old friend of mine got sick .
Another fine writer , natch .
No insurance , natch .
No money , natch .
Like the first friend , like a LOT of writers , he was just getting by .
So when he started feeling sick he did not go to see a doc , no .
Could n't afford it .
Took over the counter stuff , rested at home , drank liquids , got sicker and sicker .
Finally went to the hospital , where he almost died .
Two surgeries and three weeks later , he 's finally been discharged .
He 's not a veteran , so the VA wo n't he coming to the rescue here .
His surgeries , his ICU stay , those three weeks in the hospital , they will doubtless add up to about ten years of his annual earnings .
Maybe more .
He 's going to face bankruptcy .
" Well , he should have had insurance , " I can hear some right wing asshole out there saying .
Yeah , he shoulda .
Except , even if he'd had the money to buy a policy , no insurance company would ever have issued one for him .
He 's had a pre-existing condition since childhood .
It is worth pointing out that if either of my friends had lived in Canada , or Australia , or France , or England , or any country with that old vile " socialized medicine " the right wing likes to denounce , they would never have gotten so sick .
They would have seen a doctor much earlier , early enough so that their medical problems could have been diagnosed , treated , and perhaps cured or ameliorated before they required major surgery .
But no , they could n't afford doctors , and they did n't feel THAT bad ... not at first ... so they did what millions of Americans have done , and ignored their symptoms until it was almost too late .
So , yes , I was thrilled by what I witnessed tonight .
This is something this country desperately needs .
Health care is a basic human right , something every other major western democracy recognized decades ago .
Now I just hope the Senate does not screw it up .
One last thing .
I think the extreme polarization of contemporary politics is both unfortunate and frightening ( read some history of the Third Republic if you want to learn where such extremism can lead ) .
Obama 's efforts to reach across the aisle and make these reforms bi-partisan may have been fruitless , even misguided , but they were also heroic .
And the utter rejection of those efforts by the GOP is both depressing and infuriating .
I have been a Democrat more often than I have been a Republican in my life , sure , but the Republican Party that I grew up with , the party of Lincoln and Teddy Roosevelt ( the first president to propose a national health program ) , of Clifford Case and Nelson Rockefeller , of Everett Dirksen and John Lindsay and Chuck Percy and Dwight D. Eisenhower ... that party is now dead , it has become clear .
The nasty campaign of fear and misinformation and outright lies that the right has waged against " Obamacare , " complete with odious comparisons to Hitler (! ) certainly drove that point home ... though perhaps one might cling to some hope that those people were just the lunatic fringe .
But no .
The fact that NOT ONE SINGLE REPUBLICAN voted against the party line is damning ( more than thirty Democrats crossed the other way , by comparison ) .
Today 's GOP has abandoned all pretense of serving the people or attempting to redress the country 's problems .
Today 's GOP belongs to the religious fundamentalists , the loonies and the haters , the lobbyists for the banks and corporations , and the very military industrial complex that Eisenhower warned against in his farewell speech .
They proved that tonight .
Shame on them .
Although our clients are each represented by a Hinsdale family lawyer , the Law Offices of Laura M. Urbik Kern believe in a team approach to practicing family law .
Our clients receive the benefit of both attorneys ' knowledge and experience .
Likewise , we hope and expect that our clients partner with us in crafting and carrying out the most reasonable and cost - effective legal solutions applicable to their own unique family circumstances .
A Holistic Type of Family Law Practice : Why Are We Different ?
At the Law Offices of Laura M. Urbik Kern , children 's security and well - being are at the forefront of all of our practice areas .
We maintain a child - centered law practice and aim to serve as advocates for children and their interests in all areas of family law and other areas of law that affect families , such as :
The primary focus of our law firm when children are involved is to support and protect the children 's best interests in any way that the law allows .
Assisting individuals who seek divorce in marriages where no children are present or the children are grown is also an important part of our practice .
We welcome you to contact the Law Offices of Laura M. Urbik Kern by phone or through this website .
We are adept at handling all types of financial issues , including property division , child support , retirement , and real estate matters that are present during a divorce action .
We view our role as educators as well as lawyers .
We devote a great deal of time and effort to keeping up - to - date in both legal and psychological issues through continuing legal education .
As part of our legal counsel and representation , we seek to teach our clients the essential elements of what we have learned through years of experience in family law .
We Handle Divorce , Guardianship , Paternity , and Other Legal Issues Pertaining to Families and Children
Our clients include couples who are going through contested and uncontested divorce , grandparents seeking legal clarity in relationships with their grandchildren , young people who have been charged with a crime , and families with DCFS issues .
Although we usually represent parents , children 's financial and emotional well - being remains our number one focus in nearly all advice and legal services that we offer .
We Promote the Use of Mediation and Collaborative Law
When conflicts must be resolved , we advocate mediation , collaborative law , and other forms of non-adversarial dispute resolution .
In some cases , however , litigation is the only solution .
This may be the case if one spouse is attempting to hide assets or is otherwise failing to cooperate in the divorce , child custody , or support negotiations .
Begin the dialog with a Hinsdale family lawyer who will lead to the fulfillment of your legal goals .
Contact the Law Offices of Laura M. Urbik Kern today .
Our practice provides legal services to clients throughout DuPage County : Skokie , Hinsdale ; Cook County : Bridgeview , Maybrook , Rolling Meadows , and Markham ; Kane , Kendall , and Will Counties .
Chief Government troubleshooter , Dame Margaret Bazley right , and outgoing ECan chairman , Alec Neil speak to the media outside the council offices today .
Environment Canterbury councillors have been given their marching orders by the Government and will be replaced by up to seven commissioners , possibly as soon as the start of May .
Government troubleshooter Dame Margaret Bazley has been appointed chairwoman of the commisioners , and the search is on for the remaining commission members .
ECan staff are being briefed on the sacking of the 14 elected councillors now , at the same time as Environment Minister Nick Smith and Local Government Minister Rodney Hide officially released their announcement .
The councillors met at their Kilmore Street offices at 10.30 am today for a telephone conference with Smith and Hide .
Deputy ECan chairwoman Jo Kane said she was " contemptuous ' ' of the Government 's move and the way it had turned its back on the people of Canterbury .
The decision comes after a report former National deputy prime minister Wyatt Creech 's investigated failings at ECan .
The report recommended sacking the elected councillors and replacing them with appointed commissioners .
It also proposed a regional water authority .
Prime Minister John Key had sounded a note of caution over dismissing the entire council , however , but said he wants swift action to rectify faults uncovered by the Creech report .
ELECTIONS POSTPONED
The Government says it will defer local government elections for the Canterbury Regional Council till as late as 2013 after sacking its councillors .
Environment Minister Nick Smith and Local Government Minister Rodney
Hide said commissioners would be given additional powers under proposed special legislation to address " urgent problems with water management in Canterbury " .
Mr Hide said it was the government 's view that the problems identified by the review team were complex and could not be resolved through the normal electoral cycle .
" Commissioners will need a reasonable time frame to resolve these difficult issues .
For this reason the Government proposes to defer the local government elections this year for the Canterbury Regional Council .
" The proposed legislation provides for new elections when commissioners have completed their tax but no later than the 2013 local government elections . "
Dr Smith said efficient water management was crucial to New Zeasland 's competitive advantage and " our clean green brand " .
" Canterbury is strategically important with it holding more than half of the country 's irrigation water and hydro storage .
Governmetn leadership is needed to address Canterbury 's lack of a proper allocation plan , increasing problems with water quality and the failure to progress opportunities for water storage . "
- with TRACY WATKINS , Stuff.co.nz
President Obama recently announced several appointments to the Recovery Independent Advisory Panel , including data visualization expert Edward Tufte , author of The Visual Display of Quantitative Information .
The purpose of the panel is to advise the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , whose aim is " To promote accountability by coordinating and conducting oversight of Recovery funds to prevent fraud , waste , and abuse and to foster transparency on Recovery spending by providing the public with accurate , user - friendly information . "
Tufte said on his website , " I 'm doing this because I like accountability and transparency , and I believe in public service .
And it is the complete opposite of everything else I do .
Maybe I 'll learn something .
The practical consequence is that I will probably go to Washington several days each month , in addition to whatever homework and phone meetings are necessary . "
Artist Makes Smallest Ever Model Tiger
A Taiwanese artist has made what could be the smallest ever model tiger .
The tiny sculpture is designed to mark the Year of the Tiger , which starts on 14 February .
Chen Forng - shean carved the piece from an artificial resin – it ’s just 0.04 inches ( 1 mm ) tall and 0.05 inches ( 1.2 mm ) wide .
It ’s so small the tiny tiger can pass through the eye of a needle , according to the artist from Hsintien in Taipei county .
The 54 - year - old had to make ten attempts before he could complete the tiny piece .
“ If the hands shake a little bit , the work would jump away and disappear , ” he said .
“ For this tiger , the toughest part is because it is three - dimensional .
It can be looked at from any angle and still seem very lively .
“ Colouring is also very hard , with the patterns on his back and the red colour on his tongue , ” he said .
Chen has been making these sort of miniatures for the last 30 years , although always on an amateur basis .
He also holds down a day job as a mint plate designer at Taiwan ’s Central Bank .
He says the tiger took him three months to finish , working four hours a day on the tiny piece .
He says his secret is to concentrate intensely after holding his breath .
“ My job is dealing with very fine things , so I learned to breathe and hold my breath .
Now when I take a breath , I can hold it for 60 seconds , and then I can engrave every stroke with the rhythm of my pulse . ”
Although not for sale , the work has been valued at T$ 3 million ( US$ 95,000 ) .
Links 1 2
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
( Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be considered an estimate . )
This pressure cooker recipe for hearty beef and Guinness beer stew can be whipped up quickly in your pressure cooker .
Traditionally served on St. Patrick 's Day , it 's a warming feast that is delicious any time of year , especially served alongside mashed potatoes but , luckily , in a pressure cooker , it does n't have to simmer all day .
Before Toyota made cars , it made robots .
It 's making them again , and wants to use them in a most unusual place .
When it was founded in 1926 , Toyoda Automatic Loom Works ( as it was then known ) manufactured automatic fabric looms that could detect problems and shut down automatically .
It marketed these revolutionary devices as having " autonomation " – automation with human intelligence .
Now Toyota , looking ahead at the second half of this century , sees a mounting health care crisis and aging population coming to Japan .
It sees a future where manufacturing robotic workers is the hot new industry and " autonomation " takes on a whole new meaning .
And the first place we might see these robots is in hospitals .
Japan 's aging population and low birthrate point to a looming shortage of workers , and Japan 's elder care facilities and hospitals are already competing for nurses .
This fact has not escaped Toyota , which runs Toyota Memorial Hospital in Toyota City , Japan .
Taking a lead from Honda , Toyota in 2004 announced plans to build " Toyota Partner Robots " and begin selling them in 2010 after extensive field trials at Toyota Memorial .
Toyota does n't see these machines serving only as nurses .
They 're also being designed to provide help around the house and do work at the factory .
But it 's the idea of robotic nurses that drew support when Japan 's Machine Industry Memorial Foundation estimated Japan could save 2.1 trillion yen ( about $ 21 billion ) in health care costs each year using robots to monitor the nation 's elderly .
This is more than some futuristic fantasy .
The government is drafting safety regulations for service robots , which would include nursing droids .
A new agency , the Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization , has launched a five - year project to improve safety standards for the machines .
The South Korean Government has even drawn up a code of ethics for how robots should treat humans and , perhaps ironically , how humans should treat robots .
" As aging of the population is a common problem for developed countries , Japan wants to become an advanced country in the area of addressing the aging society with the use of robots , " Motoki Korenaga , a ministry of trade and industry official , told Agence France - Presse .
It is n't so far - fetched .
Japan leads the world in building robots , and the bots show remarkable skill .
Honda 's famous android , Asimo , has served tea , conducted the Detroit Symphony Orchestra and freaked - out James May of the BBC program Top Gear .
Toyota 's robots have even played the violin and the trumpet .
Of course , there 's a huge difference between waving a conductor 's baton and providing aid and comfort to grandma .
But Japan 's biggest automakers are determined to make this work .
Honda has spent hundreds of millions of dollars developing its human - like robots , and Toyota has 200 people working on the project full - time .
To put that in perspective , it might assign 500 engineers to developing a new car platform .
Toyota also is working with at least 10 corporate suppliers and 11 universities .
Toyota 's experience building cars , particularly hybrids , will be invaluable .
It makes all of its own motors , batteries and power electronics , and it has worked with electronics giant NEC to develop specialized computer vision processors .
All are critical components for robots .
And like Honda , Toyota 's robot and autonomous vehicle programs are sharing sensing , mapping and navigation technologies .
And the automotive giant has the added advantage of running a hospital where it can test its robo-nurses .
Toyota says the first of them could be in service next year , and their descendants could be working on the moon by 2020 .
Seriously .
Toyota and Honda are n't going to stop building cars , but both see a big market for robots .
Toyota is so bullish on bots , it sees them becoming a core business by 2020 ( .pdf ) .
Some may see these machines as a threat to our jobs , if not our safety – particularly if they 're serving as nurses .
The last thing people want is T - 100 checking their IV drip .
But the Japanese seem to be thinking of bots like Astroboy – loyal creations willing to sacrifice themselves to save their humans friends .
Either way , Japan 's biggest automakers are doing what they can to make robots a reality .
Photos : Toyota
See Also :
For weeks , the U.S. public followed the biggest offensive of the Afghanistan War against what it was told was a " city of 80,000 people " as well as the logistical hub of the Taliban in that part of Helmand .
That idea was a central element in the overall impression built up in February that Marjah was a major strategic objective , more important than other district centers in Helmand .
It turns out , however , that the picture of Marjah presented by military officials and obediently reported by major news media is one of the clearest and most dramatic pieces of misinformation of the entire war , apparently aimed at hyping the offensive as a historic turning point in the conflict .
Marjah is not a city or even a real town , but either a few clusters of farmers ’ homes or a large agricultural area covering much of the southern Helmand River Valley .
" It ’s not urban at all , " an official of the International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) , who asked not to be identified , admitted to IPS Sunday .
He called Marjah a " rural community . "
" It ’s a collection of village farms , with typical family compounds , " said the official , adding that the homes are reasonably prosperous by Afghan standards .
Richard B. Scott , who worked in Marjah as an adviser on irrigation for the U.S. Agency for International Development as recently as 2005 , agrees that Marjah has nothing that could be mistaken as being urban .
It is an " agricultural district " with a " scattered series of farmers ’ markets , " Scott told IPS in a telephone interview .
The ISAF official said the only population numbering tens of thousands associated with Marjah is spread across many villages and almost 200 square kilometers , or about 125 square miles .
Marjah has never even been incorporated , according to the official , but there are now plans to formalize its status as an actual " district " of Helmand province .
The official admitted that the confusion about Marjah ’s population was facilitated by the fact that the name has been used both for the relatively large agricultural area and for a specific location where farmers have gathered for markets .
However , the name Marjah " was most closely associated " with the more specific location , where there are also a mosque and a few shops .
That very limited area was the apparent objective of " Operation Moshtarak , " to which 7,500 U.S. , NATO , and Afghan troops were committed amid the most intense publicity given any battle since the beginning of the war .
So how did the fiction that Marjah is a city of 80,000 people get started ?
The idea was passed on to the news media by the U.S. Marines in southern Helmand .
The earliest references in news stories to Marjah as a city with a large population have a common origin in a briefing given Feb. 2 by officials at Camp Leatherneck , the U.S. Marine base there .
The Associated Press published an article the same day quoting " Marine commanders " as saying that they expected 400 to 1,000 insurgents to be " holed up " in the " southern Afghan town of 80,000 people . "
That language evoked an image of house - to - house urban street fighting .
The same story said Marjah was " the biggest town under Taliban control " and called it the " linchpin of the militants ’ logistical and opium - smuggling network . "
It gave the figure of 125,000 for the population living in " the town and surrounding villages . "
ABC
News followed with a story the next day referring to the " city of Marjah " and claiming that the city and the surrounding area " are more heavily populated , urban , and dense than other places the Marines have so far been able to clear and hold . "
The rest of the news media fell into line with that image of the bustling , urbanized Marjah in subsequent stories , often using " town " and " city " interchangeably .
Time magazine wrote about the " town of 80,000 " Feb. 9 , and the Washington Post did the same Feb. 11 .
As " Operation Moshtarak " began , U.S. military spokesmen were portraying Marjah as an urbanized population center .
On Feb. 14 , on the second day of the offensive , Marine spokesman Lt. Josh Diddams said the Marines were " in the majority of the city at this point . "
He also used language that conjured images of urban fighting , referring to the insurgents holding some " neighborhoods . "
A few days into the offensive , some reporters began to refer to a " region , " but only created confusion rather than clearing the matter up .
CNN managed to refer to Marjah twice as a " region " and once as " the city " in the same Feb. 15 article , without any explanation for the apparent contradiction .
The Associated Press further confused the issue in a Feb. 21 story , referring to " three markets in town  which covers 80 square miles . "
A " town " with an area of 80 square miles would be bigger than such U.S. cities as Washington , D.C. , Pittsburgh , and Cleveland .
But AP failed to notice that something was seriously wrong with that reference .
Long after other media had stopped characterizing Marjah as a city , the New York Times was still referring to Marjah as " a city of 80,000 , " in a Feb. 26 dispatch with a Marjah dateline .
The decision to hype up Marjah as the objective of " Operation Moshtarak " by planting the false impression that it is a good - sized city would not have been made independently by the Marines at Camp Leatherneck .
A central task of " information operations " in counterinsurgency wars is " establishing the COIN [ counterinsurgency ] narrative , " according to the Army Counterinsurgency Field Manual as revised under Gen. David Petraeus in 2006 .
That task is usually done by " higher headquarters " rather than in the field , as the manual notes .
The COIN manual asserts that news media " directly influence the attitude of key audiences toward counterinsurgents , their operations and the opposing insurgency . "
The manual refers to " a war of perceptions conducted continuously using the news media . "
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , commander of ISAF , was clearly preparing to wage such a war in advance of the Marjah operation .
In remarks made just before the offensive began , McChrystal invoked the language of the counterinsurgency manual , saying , " This is all a war of perceptions . "
The Washington Post reported Feb. 22 that the decision to launch the offensive against Marjah was intended largely to impress U.S. public opinion with the effectiveness of the U.S. military in Afghanistan by showing that it could achieve a " large and loud victory . "
The false impression that Marjah was a significant city was an essential part of that message .
( Inter Press Service )
I 've been meaning to blog about Alexa for months .
As I have been tracking my clickstream with the AttentionTrust Firefox extension , I have come to realize that I use Alexa about as much as I use Google .
And as I thought about it , I realized that Alexa has become a critical tool for me as I try to understand what 's really happening on the Internet .
Whenever someone tells me about a web service , one of the first things I do is run an Alexa search on it , find out its traffic , what kind of people use it , etc .
Now I realize that Alexa 's utility to me is way larger than its utility to my daughter who generally does n't think of these services as an investment .
But I have continued to be amazed by the value that a free service like Alexa was providing to me and many others .
Well I never got around to blogging about Alexa , and now the secret is out .
Because Amazon ( which owns Alexa ) did something today with Alexa that is potentially game changing .
Alexa is making its index ( and the infrastructure behind its index ) available to anyone who wants to build a web service on top of it .
The most obvious application is search and that is where all the heat is in the blog world today .
Arrington comes up with the quote of the day ( as usual ) :
hopefully it will nudge some of the search players into realizing that they can be much more powerful by turning themselves into platforms rather than destinations
I go back to Mark Pincus ' rant on Google and GoogleBase where he said :
my take is google has chosen between two paths .
one which i thought they were on was to be a platform to enable great things on the web .
google could have powered everything with its search engine , ad infrastructure , massive crawling and computing power .
it could have been a democratizing force , enabling small services to flourish in being found and in serving them a platform on which to innovate .
The leaders always try to grab and consolidate market power .
The laggards are then forced to open things up .
Amazon is doing that today with it 's hidden jewel Alexa and I for one am thrilled to see it .
