How to Crash Erlang
Now that 's a loaded title , and I know some people will immediately see it as a personal slam on Erlang or ammunition for berating the language in various forums .
I mean neither of these .
Crashing a particular language , even so - called safe interpreted implementations , is not particularly challenging .
Running out of memory or stack space are two easy options that work for most languages .
There are pathological cases for regular expressions that may not truly crash , but result in such an extended period of unresponsiveness on large data sets that the difference is moot .
In any language that allows directly linking to arbitrary operating system functions ... well , that 's just too easy .
Erlang , offering more complex features than many languages , has some particularly interesting edge cases .
Run out of atoms .
Atoms in Erlang are analogous to symbols in Lisp - - that is , symbolic , non-string identifiers that make code more readable , like green or unknown_value -- with one exception .
Atoms in Erlang are not garbage collected .
Once an atom has been created , it lives as long as the Erlang node is running .
An easy way to crash the Erlang virtual machine is to loop from 1 to some large number , calling integer_to_list and then list_to_atom on the current loop index .
The atom table will fill up with unused entries , eventually bringing the runtime system to halt .
Why is this is allowed ?
Because garbage collecting atoms would involve a pass over all data in all processes , something the garbage collector was specifically designed to avoid .
And in practice , running out of atoms will only happen if you write code that 's generating new atoms on the fly .
Run out of processes .
Or similarly , " run out of memory because you 've spawned so many processes . "
While the sequential core of Erlang leans toward being purely functional , the concurrent side is decidedly imperative .
If you spawn a non-terminating , unlinked process , and manage to lose the process id for it , then it will just sit there , waiting forever .
You 've got a process leak .
Flood the mailbox for a process .
This is something that most new Erlang programmers do sooner or later .
One process sends messages to another process without waiting for a reply , and a missing or incorrect pattern in the receive statement causes the receiver to ignore all messages ... so they keep piling up until the mailbox fills all available memory , and that 's that .
Another reminder that concurrency in Erlang is imperative .
Create too many large binaries in a single process .
Large -- greater than 64 byte -- binaries are allocated outside of the per-process heap and are reference counted .
The catch is that the reference count indicates how many processes have access to the binary , not how many different pointers there are to it within a process .
That makes the runtime system simpler , but it 's not bulletproof .
When garbage collection occurs for a process , unreferenced binaries are deleted , but that 's only when garbage collection occurs .
It 's possible to create a large process with a slowly growing heap , and create so much binary garbage that the system runs out of memory before garbage collection occurs .
Unlikely , yes , but possible .
permalink June 15 , 2009
previously
In this 6 part series , I ’m going to introduce the internals of the OCaml programming language ( tutorial and other references here ) .
This is n’t going to be very comprehensive or in - depth .
It ’s more of a digest of the readily available information that I found by reading the manual , header files , and some of the compiler code .
It ’s definitely pitched at beginners , not experts .
By the end of it , you should be able to look at small pieces of OCaml and work out in your head how they get translated into machine code .
I ’m definitely not a great expert on the internals of OCaml .
This means a couple of things : ( a) I ’ve probably made some mistakes ( post a comment if you see any ) .
( b) I might “ reveal too much ” of the specifics of the current implementation : anything could change in a future version of OCaml , although the internals described here have been pretty stable for a long time .
Without further ado …
Part 1 : Values
In a running OCaml program , a value is either an “ integer - like thing ” or a pointer .
What ’s an “ integer - like thing ” ?
Any OCaml int or char , or some things which are stored like integers for speed , which include the constants true and false , the empty list [ ] , unit ( ) , and some ( but not all ) variants .
For reasons that I ’ll explain later , OCaml stores values which are integer - like and values which are pointers differently .
A value containing a pointer is just stored as the pointer .
Because addresses are always word - aligned , the bottom 2 bits of every pointer are always 0 0 ( the bottom 3 bits are 0 0 0 for a 64 bit machine ) .
OCaml therefore stores integers by setting the bottom bit to 1 and shifting the integer over 1 place :
+----------------------------------------+---+---+ | pointer | 0 | 0 | +----------------------------------------+---+---+
+--------------------------------------------+---+ | integer ( 31 or 63 bits ) | 1 | +--------------------------------------------+---+
You can quickly tell if a value is an integer - like thing ( ie. is the bottom bit 1 ? ) .
OCaml gives you some C macros and OCaml functions you can use on values .
The C macros are Is_long ( is it an integer ? ) and Is_block ( is it a pointer ? ) in the header file .
The OCaml functions are is_int and is_block ( for pointers ) in the “ infamous ” Obj module .
# let what_is_it foo = let foo_repr = Obj.repr foo in if Obj.is_int foo_repr then " integer - like " else " pointer " ; ; val what_is_it : ' a -> string = # what_is_it 42 ; ; - : string = " integer - like " # what_is_it ( ) ;; - : string = " integer - like " # what_is_it [ 1 ; 2;3 ] ;; - : string = " pointer " # type bar = Bar | Baz of int ;; type bar =
Bar | Baz of int # what_is_it Bar ;; - : string = " integer - like " # what_is_it ( Baz 5 ) ;; - : string = " pointer "
Are ints slow ?
After all it seems like you have to do a lot of bit shifting to do any arithmetic with them .
It turns out that they are a little bit slower , but not by very much .
The OCaml compiler can perform most arithmetic operations in between one and four machine instructions , and usually just one or two , making it the same or fractionally slower than a straight native integer .
( Of course , there is a more serious penalty in the cases where you really need the full width of a 32 or 64 bit integer , for example in crypto or compression algorithms ) .
Increment addl $ 2 , %eax
Add a constant addl ( constant * 2 ) , %eax
Add two values lea - 1 ( %eax , %ebx ) , %eax Subtract subl %ebx , %eax
incl %eax
That these are equivalent is n’t totally obvious , but this post explains why .
That concludes part 1 .
Tune in tomorrow for part 2 , or if you ’re reading this in the future , use this handy table of contents :
Update
This guide is discussed on reddit here .
Also on Hacker News here .
David Cameron had no choice .
On Lisbon , the Government behaved contemptibly .
It lied and broke its word .
Even without Lisbon , Gordon Brown would have gone down in history as the man who ran a government which was weak , bossy , dithering and dishonest .
We must now add despicable .
This is a Prime Minister without a single redeeming feature .
He deserves to be derided out of office and to spend the rest of his life skulking in obloquy and ignominy .
But that is not the Europeans ' fault .
They can not be blamed for taking advantage of Mr Brown 's breach of faith .
If Mr Cameron had tried to re-open Lisbon , he would have been pushing against a firmly - locked door .
If he had persevered , there would have been a crisis in our relations with the EU , whose outcome no - one could foresee .
These are not the ideal economic circumstances for such a crisis .
In the aftermath of deceit and betrayal , many angry Tories were not in the mood for calculation .
They wanted to hit back , whatever the consequences .
Yet the red haze of rage is not the right light for complex decisions .
In resisting anger 's temptations , David Cameron was not being weak .
He was being Fabian , in the proper sense of the word , following the example of Quintus Fabius Cunctator .
Generals have to know when to give battle , when to order a tactical retreat .
There has been such a retreat .
The forces of euro - scepticism have suffered a temporary reverse , but not a terminal defeat .
Although a short - term crisis has been averted because of Mr Cameron 's caution , a longer - term crisis is inevitable , and it will not only be a matter of Britain versus the rest .
The EU itself is unstable .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This is Helmut Kohl 's fault .
When he bulldozed the European single currency into being , he knew that he was creating an unstable structure and did so deliberately .
It was a combination of the fox with no tail and Marxism .
If the Germans had to make do with war guilt , why should other Europeans be able to enjoy nationhood ?
In his desire to persuade all the other foxes to cut off their tails , the German Chancellor assumed that the economics would determine the politics .
In the early Nineties , he often said emphatically – he was good at emphasis – that monetary union could not succeed without political union .
How else could the same monetary policy operate from Cadiz to Copenhagen , from Dublin to Dusseldorf ?
The USA could run a common monetary policy despite wide regional divergences .
But Uncle Sam devotes at least twenty per cent of GDP to fiscal transfers .
That would not be possible without political union .
So Chancellor Kohl saw the euro as the way to create a USE .
But that is not going to happen .
Though there will certainly be political interference , as the euro - nomenklatura uses its increased powers , the sort of political union which could create a stable fiscal basis for monetary union is a fantasy .
From 2012 onwards , there will be an almighty row over the EU 's budget .
Forget US levels : it currently stands at 1.24 per cent of the EU's GDP .
The poorer nations would support an increase .
That is nothing to do with political union .
They would just like more cash .
They are unlikely to get it , for none of the net contributors are in a giving mood , even in Germany .
War - guilt has lost is mesmeric effect on the German wallet .
The French might be persuadable , but only if all the extra money went straight to French farmers .
Most other countries now acknowledge that the CAP , long since renamed the corrupt agricultural policy , is a scandal and an anachronism , which also works against the interests of Third World producers .
Heated arguments are inevitable , and unless British diplomacy is extraordinarily inept , we should not often find ourselves in a minority of one .
It will be more a case of bellum omnium contra omnes , and there is a further dimension to the conflict .
Poor countries have usually deployed two methods of self - improvement : a cheap currency and cheap labour .
In that way , they attract foreign investment and foreign markets .
But the EU is likely to prevent its poorer members from adopting those policies .
The French and the Germans have handicapped themselves with high labour costs and inflexible labour markets .
They want to impose the same burdens on the rest of the EU .
If the rest of the EU has any sense , it will resist .
The belief that one size can fit all is the fundamental Euro - fallacy .
The Germans are so good at manufacturing that they can just about generate the productivity and the value - added to finance their labour costs .
Other countries cannot do this .
If Central and Eastern Europe were obliged to follow the Franco - German model , they would have escaped from Comecon into the Procrustean embrace of Eurocon .
Their peoples ' hopes and ambitions would be blighted .
In nascent democracies , that could be unhealthy – and not only in the former Soviet bloc .
Neither France nor Spain has a securely - rooted democracy .
In both countries , the levels of youth unemployment are frighteningly high , which is already leading to social unrest and increased crime .
That leads us to another basic problem .
Many of the EU 's social and economic generals are out of touch with reality because they are still fighting the last war – or rather , afraid of the last war .
Germans of Helmut Kohl 's generation were not just tail - less foxes .
Many of them had an idealist 's vision of a united Europe , freed forever from the threat of war .
Yet the anxiety which fuelled the idealism was unnecessary .
France and Germany would never again have fought one another over Alsace - Lorraine ; 1945 saw to that .
The new danger does not come from conflict between nations , but from conflict within nations , as an alienated underclass grows in size : in many cases , an alienated Muslim underclass .
The European single currency was a typical Enlightenment project : an attempt to sweep away traditions and particularisms in order to reshape society and lead mankind onwards and upwards to a better future .
It was espoused by intellectuals , who are always adept at suppressing data which does not harmonise with their theories : always quick to disregard the cautious caveats of commonsense .
In an EU which is not moving towards political union , the euro is a federalist anomaly .
As such , it will fail .
But in the interim , it could do a lot of damage .
That will come to be a far greater preoccupation for British policy - makers than the Lisbon Treaty .
We can only be grateful that this wretched government did not manage to lie and cheat us out of the Pound .
Brunette Bitch in hot lingerie
We are proud to offer you these porn pics of one of the horniest porn models - Black Angelica !
Watch this depraved slut posing in her hot lingerie and playing with a lash and sex toys !
Wanna see her little pussy close - up pics ?
What are you waiting for - Black Angelica is waiting for you , and she is already stuffing her cunt with that black lash !
Posted On Saturday , November 14 , 2009 at на by Slava Rybalka
November 17 , 2009 , New York – Yesterday , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) filed the first brief in Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project , the first case to challenge a portion of the Patriot Act before the Supreme Court .
The case , originally brought in 1998 on behalf of a human rights group , a retired federal administrative judge , a doctor , and several nonprofit groups , challenges the constitutionality of the law that makes it a crime to provide “ material support ” to groups the administration has designated as “ terrorist . ”
In particular , the plaintiffs charge that the law goes too far in making speech advocating lawful , nonviolent activity a crime .
The lower courts have unanimously declared several provisions of the law – including one added by the Patriot Act – unconstitutionally vague because they encompass speech and force citizens to guess as to their meaning .
The case challenges those aspects of the “ material support ” statute that criminalize pure speech – specifically the prohibitions on providing “ training , ” “ personnel , ” “ expert advice or assistance , ” and “ service . ”
Under the law , any speech that falls within these terms – no matter how peaceable and nonviolent – is a crime if communicated to , for , or with the collaboration of any organization placed on a list of “ foreign terrorist organizations ” maintained by the State Department .
Convictions can result in sentences of fifteen years to life .
According to the government , the statute requires no showing that the donor intended to further any act of terrorism or violence .
Said CCR Cooperating Attorney David Cole , “ This statute is so sweeping that it treats human rights advocates as criminal terrorists , and threatens them with 15 years in prison for advocating nonviolent means to resolve disputes .
In our view , the First Amendment does not permit the government to make advocating human rights or other lawful , peaceable activity a crime simply because it is done for the benefit of , or in conjunction with , a group the Secretary of State has blacklisted . ”
The lower courts held unconstitutionally vague the law ’s prohibition on the provision of “ services , ” “ expert advice or assistance , ” and “ training , ” reasoning that these terms could easily encompass a wide range of lawful speech , such as providing training in international law .
The Obama administration sought Supreme Court review of that decision .
Plaintiffs in the case include the Humanitarian Law Project ( HLP ) , a human rights organization in Los Angeles that seeks to provide human rights advocacy training to the Kurdistan Workers ’ Party ( PKK ) , the main Kurdish political party in Turkey , and a former federal administrative law judge , Ralph Fertig , who is the president of the HLP .
Once the State Department designated the PKK a terrorist organization , it became a crime for HLP to continue to train the group in human rights advocacy , even though that assistance is designed to reduce violence by encouraging peaceful ways of resolving conflict .
“ To deny me the right to speak of peace to a group because it is branded ‘ terrorist ’ is to defer the possibility that it could ever be anything else , ” said plaintiff Ralph D. Fertig , JD , ACSW , retired U.S. Administrative Judge and Clinical Associate Professor , University of Southern California School of Social Work .
“ And to punish those who seek peaceful resolutions of conflict is to yield to violence .
Surely the First Amendment must protect against such government action . ”
The Patriot Act added a prohibition on the provision of “ expert advice or assistance ” to the statute .
After earlier court decisions declared that and other parts of the statute unconstitutional , Congress amended it in 2004 to try to correct the infirmities .
However , the district court and court of appeals concluded that the prohibitions on “ services , ” “ expert advice and assistance , ” and “ training ” remained unconstitutionally vague .
The court of appeals decision the administration is seeking review of is the sixth ruling from the lower courts since 1998 finding significant parts of the material support statute to be unconstitutionally vague .
For more information on the case , including briefs and a detailed explanation of material support , visit the Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project Overview Page .
Seinfeld Easter Egg - Superman
In every seinfeld episode , there is a superman picture or statue somewhere
User Rating : 6.5 6.5/10 with 633 votes Contributed By : matt on 07-30 - 1999 Reviewed By : Webmaster
Please correct this Egg if you see errors .
Pictures and Videos
Comments
None posted yet .
Send us yours and be the first !
Given America 's worrisome headlines about road rage , including the weekend's
in Hillsboro , I was left stunned this morning by the relatively light sentence handed down to a North Carolina firefighter who shot a bicyclist in the head last summer .
Charles Alexander Diez has been sentenced to four months in jail .
From
:
Never mind that the July 26 roadside confrontation happened in front of the bicyclist 's 3 - year - old child .
Never mind that Diez fired his .38 caliber pistol as Alan Simons walked away after the two exchanged words , striking Simons ' bike helmet , narrowly missing his skull .
Diez 's jail time is less than a quarter of
that a PDX baggage supervisor -- a first time offender -- got last month for stealing luggage .
Actually , I would be just as outraged if the case involved another motorist , pedestrian or bus driver .
But this case adds validity to the safety and fairness concerns of bicycle commuters .
It appears they are vulnerable on yet another road -- the one leading to a little justice .
At least he was ordered to get anger - management counseling .
Given the bicycle 's growing prominence in Oregon 's 21st century culture , you have to wonder if the same case would end differently here .
I suspect it would .
I hope it would .
--
, Twitter :
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
By the time the pediatrician Nina Pierpont settled in upstate New York , she had already built a rather diverse and full career .
As the Connecticut native tells it , she studied birds in the Amazon jungle on her way to earning a Ph.D. in behavioral ecology , then enrolled in medical school , completing a degree and practicing among Navajo Indians and Yup ’ik Eskimos .
Then she and her husband moved to Malone , N.Y. , a small town just 11 miles from the Quebec border , where she opened a pediatric practice .
Over the last several years she has reinvented herself again .
Upon hearing about a proposal for a nearby wind farm , Pierpont began looking into effects of wind turbines related to her expertise — medicine .
She tracked down others who lived near wind projects — two families in England , five in Canada , one in the U.K. , one in Italy , another in the U.S.
All 38 people had previously complained about health effects they blamed on wind farms .
Several had since moved away .
When Pierpont interviewed them by phone , they reported symptoms that included headaches , nausea , insomnia , visual blurring , vertigo , and panic attacks .
Pierpont came to believe that the cause was infrasound , a type of low - frequency sound inaudible to humans except at very loud levels ( think the opposite of a high - pitched dog whistle ) .
Residents were n’t merely hearing the thrum of turbines , she concluded , they were feeling it as an imperceptible vibration in their bodies .
This was disrupting the inner -ear vestibular system — the body ’s chief tool for balance and spatial orientation .
“ These feed back neurologically onto a person ’s sense of position and motion in space , which is in turn connected in multiple ways to brain functions as disparate as spatial memory and anxiety , ” Pierpont , 54 , writes in a forthcoming book .
Courtesy windturbinesyndrome.comFor this collection of symptoms Pierpont coined the term “ wind turbine syndrome . ”
Then she set to work publicizing it .
Her website , windturbinesyndrome.com , documents her writing and collects testimonies from others who say they are afflicted by the condition .
Her book of the same name is set for publication this month , available only through the website .
A series of news articles have repeated her claims , in the Portland Oregonian , USA Today , and as a Sunday feature in the UK Independent .
Through it all , Pierpont does not claim to have definitive proof the syndrome exists .
Rather , she says her findings make further research necessary before wind farms can be safely built within two kilometers of homes and schools .
Yet out of all the obstacles wind energy faces — the up - front costs , the competition from subsidized fossil fuels , the aesthetic objections –Pierpont ’s claim has become one of the least likely and most annoying problems for the industry .
It is unlikely because it is easily debunked and annoying because it keeps spreading anyway .
Pierpont ’s work has provided ammunition to those opposing wind farms across the country , from New York to Minnesota to Washington state .
Wind advocates could not name a project that had failed because of her claims , but they say opponents of projects have latched onto her claims , bringing stacks of her work to local planning officials , who must do the time - consuming work of sorting through the claims .
“ The reason it ’s a hassle is that opponents –who frankly do n’t like looking at wind turbines–grasp on to a lot of things to oppose projects .
This happens to be one of them , ” said Tim McMahan , a Portland land - use lawyer who focuses on wind - energy developments in the Northwest .
Pierpont did not respond to multiple interview requests and states on her website that she rarely grants media interviews .
Her comments to the Independent suggest she ’s willing to play the role of persecuted truth - teller : “ The wind industry will try to discredit me and disparage me , but I can cope with that .
This is not unlike the tobacco industry dismissing health issues from smoking . ”
So here ’s what ’s wrong with wind - turbine syndrome .
First , there ’s Pierpont ’s method .
Her study consisted of 38 people from ten families — by most standards too small to yield conclusive results .
All of them self - identified as people who were already experiencing health effects ; there was no control group .
Further , acousticians who study the issue say Pierpont fundamentally misunderstands the nature of low - frequency sound .
Geoff Leventhall , an English acoustician who retired from the University of London and chairs the European Institute of Noise Control Engineering , agrees that turbines create infrasound that can not be heard .
So do driving with an open window , swinging on a swing set , and even jogging –the slight rise and fall of the head create the effect .
Leventhall describes infrasound as a common phenomenon that is n’t dangerous except at extremely high levels , such as those produced by spacecraft .
Infrasound from wind turbines does not approach that level , said Leventhall , who recently flew to Wisconsin to testify at a hearing for the proposed Glacier Hills Wind Park .
His critique of “ wind turbine syndrome ” becomes more technical from there .
Essentially , he picks apart Pierpont ’s claim that bodies absorb infrasound without actually hearing it .
At the frequency of infrasound ( generally less than 20 Hz ) , the human body makes plenty of its own noise — the heart pumps , the ribcage expands and contracts .
These noises mask whatever turbines might add , Leventhall said .
( A very small number of people experience extreme responses to all sorts of sounds , both low and high - frequency , though Leventhall and other experts say this is an unrelated issue . )
“ Pierpont has clearly misunderstood much of the acoustic material which she refers to , ” he writes in an appraisal of her work he submitted to the Wisconsin project .
The American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) says it does n’t know how many people live within two kilometers of a turbines –the setback Pierpont recommends .
With the growth of wind energy worldwide , the number surely reaches the thousands .
Yet it has not led to significant health complaints outside Pierpont ’s research .
Courtesy windturbinesyndrome.comFinally , there ’s the peer review issue .
Pierpont ’s work has not been accepted by any peer reviewed scientific journals , the standard first step in publishing original research .
( See a brief post on why peer review matters in science and medicine . )
She describes her book as peer - reviewed , a claim the Independent repeats .
But the four - person editorial board consists of Pierpont , her husband ( the ecumenically named Calvin Luther Martin ) , and two others–a professor emeritus of literature and an ecologist and psychologist .
“ This is obviously a self - published book , ” notes Grist contributor Gar Lipow .
Given all this , why has the claim stuck around ?
As books such as Denialism and Climate Cover - Up attest , it ’s far easier to raise and spread rumors than to refute them for good .
The inaudible nature of infrasound makes it especially difficult to understand .
“ [ By ] describing a condition that you can’t hear , you ca n’t feel , and you do n’t know it exists , but you tell people it can hurt them , you create this sense of a problem that ca n’t even be detected , ” the land - use lawyer McMahan said of wind - turbine syndrome .
“ You can get people really worried about it because they have no ability to judge for themselves . ”
For any development project , running the gauntlet of local - government approval is rarely simple .
There is suspicion of projects that are funded by outside investors — the not - in - my - backyard ( NIMBY ) effect .
And wind farms bring their own challenges , with towers clearing 250 feet , highly visible locations offshore or on ridge tops , and their connection to the politically charged issue of climate change .
And then there are legitimate questions about wind - turbine noise — turbines do create sound after all , from both the gearbox ( though this has grown much quieter in newer turbines ) and from moving blades .
It ’s no more harmful than the noise from new highways or airports , but residents of quiet areas do n’t react favorably to those things either .
Some residents living near turbines find the sound annoying , and this annoyance becomes a health effect when it causes stress .
But annoyance is maddeningly difficult to study–it must be self - reported ( it ca n’t be measured by a machine ) and is inherently subjective — one person ’s noise is another ’s music .
A Swedish study in 1967 [ PDF ] confirmed something we know by experience : your feelings about the source of noise shape whether you find the noise annoying .
I react differently to the stereo in my own house than to the music blaring from my neighbor ’s party , even if it ’s the same song .
Those who invest in wind turbines and stand to profit from them are likely to find their sound less disturbing than a neighbor would .
It ’s a different issue than the “ hidden ” sound that concerns Pierpont and her followers .
As three University of Massachusetts engineers stress in “ Wind Turbine Acoustic Noise ” [ PDF ] , the audible swish - swish of turbine blades is not infrasound .
There are good reasons to make this message clear .
“ Wind energy generates electricity without air pollution , water pollution , or the carbon emissions that come from traditional sources of energy , ” said Jen Banks , a siting specialist at AWEA .
“ For the sake of human and environmental health , it ’s essential that any decisions about wind - energy use are based on sound scientific knowledge . ”
The sound issue remains a growing pain for the industry , something it will need to resolve — and communicate effectively — for it to thrive .
Hundreds of angry protesters in Afghanistan ’s capital burned an effigy of President Obama on Sunday , acting on rumors that American troops had desecrated the Koran .
U.S. military officials emphatically denied that any copies of the Muslim holy book had been mishandled , and they accused the Taliban of spreading falsehoods to incite hatred against Western forces .
The protest -- reminiscent of similar demonstrations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Muslim world in recent years -- showed how easily passions involving religious sensitivities can be stirred up even with a dearth of evidence .
The incident also pointed to a strong undercurrent of anti-American sentiment at a politically fraught time in Afghanistan , less than two weeks before a runoff to settle a divisive , fraud - tainted presidential election .
The Nov. 7 face - off between President Hamid Karzai and former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah was agreed to only after heavy U.S. pressure on Karzai to accept the results of an international audit .
The investigators found that as many as one - third of the ballots cast for Karzai in the Aug. 20 election were fraudulent .
That put the Afghan leader below the threshold of victory , 50 % , and made a runoff necessary .
Advertisement
On Sunday morning U.S. political talk shows , both candidates ruled out a power - sharing agreement to avoid the runoff .
Against this political backdrop , the Koran protest reflected a rising religious conservatism even among some members of Afghanistan ’s educated elite , such as the university students who made up most of the crowd of about 1,000 demonstrators .
Police fired warning shots into the air when the demonstrators marched from Kabul University toward parliament , but no injuries were reported .
Several marchers insisted they were certain that a Koran had been desecrated by U.S. troops in Wardak province , just outside the capital , even if they could not provide particulars of the incident , such as when it was believed to have taken place .
“ Muslims were disrespected ! ” said Zabiullah Khalil , an engineering student .
“ The foreigners shot the Koran , and then they burned it .
They should be tried for this . ”
Advertisement
The demonstration , like many in the capital , had a heartfelt yet orchestrated feel to it .
Khalil , like a number of other participants , expressed broad anger at the United States in connection with the election and its disputed aftermath .
“ We do n’t want a slave government , ” he said .
“ We want a real Islamic country . ”
Larger grievances against the West also flared into the open .
Law student Najibullah Hassanzadeh said he opposed an open - ended stay by foreign forces .
“ There should be conditions .
They should n’t be staying here without any limits , ” he said .
“ And the perpetrators of this action should be prosecuted and punished . ”
The Western military coalition said the reports of desecration , which originated last week in Wardak after an American convoy hit a roadside bomb , were groundless .
It said Afghan and Western officials had carried out a joint investigation before reaching their conclusion .
Advertisement
The statement shed no light on how the rumors had begun , or whether there had been an altercation with local people in the blast ’s aftermath that could have given rise to a distorted version of the incident .
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization force said in a statement that it “ condemns any behavior that disrespects Islam or the people of Afghanistan . ”
Western officials enlisted the aid of the provincial governor and local religious authorities to try to quell the reports .
Sunday ’s rally in the capital was the largest of what has been a wave of smaller protests elsewhere in the country over the alleged incident .
Advertisement
--
laura.king@latimes.com
Special correspondent M. Karim Faiez contributed to this report .
That ’s right fools , the A - Team is not just about rescuing your biker infested small town , they ’re here to help you with your retirement planning .
So light your cigar , pull out your welding cart and lock and load we ’re talking about 401 k’s .
[ The scene opens on a deserted small town with some thug like biker ’s hassling a little boy as he walks to the general store ]
Store Clerk : Yeah
Fred that ’s right what would my effective tax rate be ?
I just do n’t know …. hold on a minute those bikers are hassling Timmy .
Hey !
Leave him alone .
Bike Thug 1 : Who ’s going to stop me , you ?
[ Throw ’s a Molotav cocktail at general store and erupts in flames ]
Store Clerk : Fred , run for help who can help save our town and give us some sound retirement planning advice ?
[ A - Team Van comes flying down the dirt road into town in a 4 wheel drift right in front of the Tavern , All jump out and a cacophony of gunfire ensues from all 4 team members as they hit absolutely nothing ]
Hannibal :
You pigs better get out of here before we drop you like my tax bracket next year when I retire !
Bike
Thug 2 : I do n’t even know what that means , you wo n’t get away with this !
[ Thugs get on their choppers and take off out of town ]
Fred :
Boy you guys showed up just at the right time , those bikers have been given us trouble for weeks , a lot like the taxes I keep having to pay on my stock dividends , I just wish we could keep this town safe and put some retirement money away tax free .
Hannibal : Looks like you boys just hired yourselves the A - team , we ’ll get you your town back and help you build your nest eggs .
Murdoch : Colonel , you know I do n’t eat eggs anymore after that incident with Bo-bo .
Hannibal : I know captain , why do n’t you head up to the rock quarry there and see if you can rustle up a chopper .
Murdoch :
You got it Hannibal , it ’s what Bo-bo would have wanted .
Do you think a Roth 401 k would be right for their retirement ?
BA : Cut the jibba jabba sucka we ’ve got work to do !
Face : You know B.A. Murdoch may actually be on to something .
Hannibal : Face why do n’t you run down some options for the town folk why B.A. and I prepare some defenses with this canned , food , a wood chipper and some pvc pipe .
[ B.A. lights his acetylene torch and begins welding some plate metal to the van ]
Face Breaks Down the Roth 401 k vs. the Traditional 401k
Face :
You see it ’s pretty simple .
The government is actually willing to help you save money for your retirement but you have to make some choices depending on what you think your tax situation will be .
If you know that you are going to be paying less taxes ( have less taxable income ) at the time you retire then it may be to your advantage to just invest in a traditional 401k .
The money that you put into your retirement plan is tax deferred meaning that you do n’t pay any taxes on that income it ’s just thrown into your 401k account , but you ’ll pay whatever your tax rate is when you pull out your money at retirement .
A lot of people think they are going to be paying less taxes when they retire but they forgot that they may be being much less tax right now because of tax deductions like dependent children , mortgages , giving and the like .
Hopefully when you retire , Jr. has moved out , and you ’ve paid off your home so you wo n’t be able to claim those tax rates .
Store Clerk :
That sounds like me I ’m 37 , have 2 kids and a mortgage , how do I know what my current tax rate is and what should I do ?
Face :
Your effective tax rate can easily be determined by looking at last years tax return .
If you use something like Turbo Tax it will calculate it for you .
Even though you may be in the 25 % tax bracket you will pay much less than that when you deduct your kids and your mortgage interest .
To get your tax rate take your Total Tax payments ( Box 61 on your 1040 ) and divide by your Adjusted Gross Income ( Box 37 on your 1040 ) and multiply by 100 to get your effective tax rate .
Now compare that to what you may be paying when you start pulling money out of your retirement when you wo n’t have so many deductions .
You ’re a great candidate for a Roth 401 k if your employer offers it .
Store Clerk :
How is it different ?
Face : the money you put into your Roth 401 k will be after taxes .
The government is going to take it ’s share on your income then you invest it in your Roth 401k .
But the best part is that it will grow free and clear of the government and at age 59 1 / 2 you can pull it out without paying any taxes .
It ’s a thing of beauty .
Murdoch : [ radios in to Face ]
I hate to break up your financial chat there Suze Orman but we ’ve got some P. O ’d bikers rolling into town and they do n’t look like they want to join your investing club .
Face : Hannibal !
The bikers are back it ’s time to do something .
Hannibal : Stand down Lt. , hit it B.A .
[ Bikers roll into town , sporting various weapons , shotguns , chains and knives .
B.A. opens the door to the barn to reveal their makeshift canned food cannon mounted on top of the van . ]
Hannibal : Lunch is served you scum !
[ cans of corn , beans , and salmon are shot out of the cannon knocking the bikers to the ground where they groggigly stumble away .
Some bikers get in close to B.A. and he throws them repeatedly over his head into a great pile of bikers . ]
Store Keeper : I do n’t know how to thank you guys .
Hannibal :
You can thank us by starting your 401k contributions today and taking advantage of the tax free growth of your Roth 401k .
Just remember if your company matches any of your contributions they ’ll be put in a separate traditional 401k and will be taxable at the time of withdrawal .
If you want some more information you can try out this calculator to see which makes more sense .
[ Sirens heard in the distance , and a caravan of military cars are seen speeding down the highway ]
B.A. : Hannibal we gotta go , Decker ’s coming !
Face : Remember to read your companies 401k information sheets for more information !
[ A - Team speeds off just in the nick of time . ]
Roth 401k in Closing
In all seriousness if you have the option to contribute to a Roth 401 k at your employer it ’s a great option for protecting your investments without worrying about future tax implications .
The contribution limits are the same for the traditional and the Roth 401 k which really means that you can invest more in the Roth because that money has already been taxed .
So if you contributed the maximum amount for 2009 which is $ 16,500 in a traditional 401 k that would be $ 16,500 minus your tax rate at time of withdrawal .
With a Roth 401 k that ’s the full $ 16,500 .
It ’s definitely worth your time researching if your company offers this tax advantaged plan .
Online - Stellenbörse Datenschützer kritisiert sorglose Bundesagentur
Die Internet - Stellenbörse der Bundesagentur für Arbeit hat nach einem Bericht der " Süddeutschen Zeitung " ein ernstes Datenschutzproblem .
Demnach kann sich praktisch jeder illegal Zugang zu vertraulichen Bewerbungsunterlagen verschaffen , Kontrollen finden nicht statt .
This article is a guest - blogger response to a previously posted opinion piece entitled “ Do I Really Want a Swiss Army Phone ? ” written by one of our staff members .
Not that many years ago , when I went on business trips I used to carry a whole host of devices .
Cell phone , media player , GPS , PDA , digital camera , plus a few smaller items ( like WiFi detector ) .
Taken together , they took up half my bag â€ “ and although I did my best to consolidate their various power requirements , batteries and chargers added quite a bit more .
Now , guess what ?
Nine times out of ten , I just take my G1 .
Sure , if I need to do serious work on the road a laptop will come along , but for many minor tasks â€ “ including email and web surfing â€ “ I ’m happy with the handset .
As an Android enthusiast , it ’s hardly surprising that I love my “ Swiss Army Phone , ” but on a practical level it has also really lightened my load .
I ’m not arguing that my G1 does everything better than all of those .
It will always be the case that a top - notch , optimized specialist is better at its one job than a generalist is .
For example , when I go out running I like my tunes , so I wear an old ( but tiny ) Qoolqee X â€ “ and when it dies , a new Sports Walkman is in my sights .
I ’d never take my G1 running .
But the rest of the time , I ’m not that much of a media junkie , and I ’m perfectly happy with Android ’s default player .
It ’s taken the place of other player hardware for me , in no small part because I always have it with me .
Which brings me to the other reason why an Android handset is the convergent device of choice :
If you do n’t like the media player ( or any other app ) , you can change it !
The Market has a bunch of player options , SlideMe has more , and of course , if push comes to shove you can even build your own .
It ’s as if you could replace the crappy scissors on your Swiss Army knife with a Fiskars , or the knife blade with a Henckel , or the awl you never use with a Torx driver that ’s just the size you need .
A Swiss Android Phone ?
Yes please !
PS : For old - school hardware , skip the Swiss Army knife and go with a Leatherman . ;^ )
Introduction
The mission of the Fedora Education SIG ( Edu SIG ) is to optimize Fedora for use by teachers and learners , both within and outside of the context of educational institutions .
We do this by building , maintaining , and evangelizing a strong ecosystem of educational packages within Fedora and by supporting learners in using these packages as tools to reach their curricular goals .
This includes , but is not limited to :
creating and maintain a Fedora Education Spin CD
getting more educational applications included in the Fedora ecosystem
communicating between the different education - related efforts within the Fedora project
Plan of Action
Our first step is to build ourselves and others the tools we 'll need to reach our goals .
What makes it difficult for educators to use - and contribute to - the Fedora package ecosystem as a way to directly help them teach and learn more effectively ?
We are making a spin chock - full of development tools for contributing to educational packages within the Fedora ecosystem .
For more information , see / Spin .
Invite classes to use our dev environment to work on educational OSS projects
This will happen once the spin is completed .
We are currently targeting POSSE participants ; we need to identify other audiences to reach out to .
( Want to help ?
Start a list of ideas on this page ! )
Build relationships between our new user - contributors and education software consumers
k12osn is a mailing list containing many teachers from around the world - a wonderful list of users for our users to work with .
We should make sure both sides know this , and encourage them to work together !
Joining the SIG
Joining the Education SIG is simple : Just introduce yourself on the Fedora education list and add your name below .
If you are not yet a Fedora contributor yet you need to become a member of the cla_done group in the Fedora accounts system in order to get access to the wiki .
Meetings
See / Meetings .
Members
Resources
Here are some wiki links related to this SIG .
Topic Note Educational
Apps list of edu apps including a wishlist Spin Proposal work related to our spin goes in here Agenda our agenda together with the meeting archives lives here Printed Materials printed materials aimed at educators interested in open source .
Friends at other distributions
There are educational projects by other distributions , mainly
the openSUSE project .
Here is the educational page .
You might also want to have a look at their wiki .
They also provide a list of edu apps .
Debian with Skolelinux and DebianEdu .
Ubuntu and their Edubuntu version .
the GNOME project , which is currently preparing a GNOME Science CD .
H.L.C .
..................................................................... ( Original Signature of Member )
111
TH
CONGRESS 1
ST
S
ESSION
H. R .
ll
To provide affordable , quality health care for all Americans and reduce the growth in health care spending , and for other purposes .
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. D
INGELL
( for himself , Mr. R
ANGEL
, Mr. W
AXMAN
, Mr. G
EORGE
M
ILLER
of California , Mr. S
TARK
, Mr. P
ALLONE
, and Mr. A
NDREWS
) introduced the following bill ; which was referred to the Committee on
lllllllllllllll
A BILL
To provide affordable , quality health care for all Americans and reduce the growth in health care spending , and for other purposes .
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa -
1
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled ,
2
SECTION 1 . SHORT TITLE ; TABLE OF DIVISIONS , TITLES ,
3
AND SUBTITLES .
4
( a) S
HORT
T
ITLE
. —This Act may be cited as the
5
‘‘ Affordable Health Care for America Act ’’ .
6
Ve rD at e No v 24 20 08 10 :0 5 Oc t 29 , 20 09 Jk t 00 00 00 PO 00 00 0 Fr m 00 00 1 Fm t 66 52 Sf mt 62 01 C : \T EM P\ AH CA A_ 00 1 . XM L HO LC PC
October 29 , 2009 ( 10:05 a.m. )
F:\P11\NHI\TRICOMM\AHCAA_001.XML
We are Sorry ...
The page you are looking for in www.First-School.ws has changed , is no longer available or the link is broken for another reason .
If you would like to report the broken link , please copy and paste the web address found above on the address browser bar when you email us and we will get back to you .
You may want to search the site to find the craft or activity that you were looking for or use the navigation on the left hand side of this screen .
Note for external links :
For your convenience , many activities have external educational links ( other web sites ) .
If you view a broken link or different content than the one described , please report the erroneous or broken link and we will review and correct the situation as soon as possible .
Thank you !
BOGOTA , Colombia –
When he heard the news that Pablo Escobar had been gunned down on a Medellin rooftop in 1993 , the drug lord ’s teenaged son , Juan Pablo , vowed to avenge his father ’s death .
“ If it ’s true , ” he said , “ I ’ll kill all the sons of bitches . ”
But rather than following in his father ’s murderous footsteps in Colombia , Juan Pablo Escobar settled in Argentina .
He married his longtime Colombian girlfriend and works as an architect .
To avoid notoriety and harassment , he has changed his name to Sebastian Marroquin .
For years , Marroquin avoided the media .
But now he ’s emerged as the central character in a documentary about his father ’s violent legacy : " Pecados de mi Padre , " or " The Sins of my Father . "
In the film , Marroquin urges Colombian youths — some of whom still view Escobar as a romantic , Robin Hood - like figure — not to be tempted by the power and wealth of the current generation of cocaine kingpins .
The highlight of the documentary is when Marroquin apologizes to the sons of two of Pablo Escobar ’s best - known victims : Justice Minister Rodrigo Lara , who was gunned down in 1984 , and presidential candidate Luis Carlos Galan , assassinated by the drug lord ’s hitmen five years later .
The two politicians were targeted due to their fierce criticism of Colombia ’s drug cartels .
" The Sins of My Father " premieres this month in the Argentine city of Mar del Plata .
Marroquin recently spoke with GlobalPost about the film and about life with the world ’s most notorious drug lord .
GlobalPost : Was Pablo Escobar a good father ?
Sebastian Marroquin : I have no complaints about the way my father raised me .
Thanks to him , I ’m the person that I am .
He instilled many values in me .
He was a great dad .
My father tried to keep things separated .
He did everything he could to keep us isolated from his business and his decisions .
Unfortunately , our lives were always mixed up with the surrounding violence .
How often did you see your father ?
Our family life lasted until 1984 when , sadly , Justice Minister Rodrigo Lara was killed .
I was only 7 .
From that moment , the family fell apart .
My father went underground and we could never again be together in a normal setting .
We were always running and it felt like I was a criminal , just like my father .
Did Pablo Escobar want you to take over the Medellin Cartel ?
He always supported me and urged me to become the person I wanted to be .
He said that if I wanted to be a doctor , he would give me the best hospital .
If I decided to be a hairdresser , he would give me the best salon in the whole city .
He never pressured me to join his organization or to follow in his footsteps .
When Pablo Escobar was killed , why did you vow revenge ?
That was a very difficult episode .
I had just hung up the phone after talking with my father .
Three minutes later a TV reporter called and told me he was dead .
I was just a 15 - year - old kid who had grown up around the most cruel violence .
I said some unfortunate things .
But 10 minutes later I retracted what I said and made a public promise that if someday I could help promote peace in Colombia , I would do it .
Along with your mother and sister , you fled Colombia .
Where did you go ?
Not one country wanted to accept us .
We traveled from Colombia to Ecuador , Peru , Argentina , South Africa .
Finally we arrived in Maputo , the capital of Mozambique .
It was the only nation on the planet that extended us a hand .
It was a very sad place … .
We thought we would live there for 10 years but we stayed only four days … .
We went to look for universities and there were none .
The only place to study medicine was in a garage .
It did n’t matter if you had lots of money .
There was no food .
The supermarkets were absolutely empty .
There were no clothes , no supplies .
It was a disaster .
We thought we had problems but things in Mozambique were even worse .
I got very depressed and contemplated suicide because I saw no escape from our troubles .
How did you end up in Argentina ?
We had return tickets to South America and stopped over for a few days in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro .
But we did n’t like it there so we went to the counter and bought tickets for the first flight to Buenos Aires .
We entered on tourist visas on Christmas Eve 1994 .
( Because of the family ’s new legal identities ) no one knew who we were .
Why did you agree to make " The Sins of My Father " ?
Since the death of Escobar , our family has received more than 100 offers from filmmakers and book writers .
I always rejected them because the only things I ’ve seen done about Pablo Escobar have been very irresponsible and sometimes glorify his crimes .
But ( the film ’s director Nicolas Entel ) proposed that we tell this story from the point of view of the sons of the protagonists .
I wanted to do something positive for Colombian society that would show the errors of getting involved in drug trafficking .
Tell me about your meetings with the sons of the men your father had killed : Rodrigo Lara and Luis Carlos Galan .
While making the film , I decided to write a letter to their families as part of the reconciliation process .
Then , in a very lovely gesture Rodrigo Lara ( the son of the slain justice minister of the same name ) came to Buenos Aires .
We met in a Buenos Aires suburb .
It was very relaxed .
We hugged each other and it was one of the most comforting embraces I ’ve ever received in my life .
What good is an apology coming from the son of the criminal rather than from the criminal himself ?
The crimes of a father can end up perpetuating the hatred and violence between families .
I , Sebastian Marroquin , am taking responsibility for the acts of my father in respect for the victims who suffered from his violence .
No one chooses their parents so , in a way , you too are a victim of your father .
Our family has always been treated as if we were guilty .
People wanted to seek revenge from us because they could not do so with my father .
No one else in the family had anything to do with criminal activities yet we ’ve suffered the consequences .
But we ’ve found the path of life through the search for forgiveness and reconciliation .
Recently I had to write a tool , which would be able to map one XML format to another .
I needed to be able to map a source XML and all its fields to a destination xml format with different kind of fields .
The list of requirements looked was looking something like this :
• Each field should be allowed a custom business rule to be applied when mapping to the destination , and these rules could be anything from doing some math , to look up a particular string depending on the nth element of any of the source XML arrays .
• It should also be possible to map a source array of elements of any type ( custom included ) , to any destination array of any type .
• The mapping formats should be based on multiple fairly large XSD schemas
• The was no telling when business development department decided to change rules , mappings or the schemas themselves
This was looking to be a seriously pain in code modifications and recompilations of the tool , with endless support needed to maintain a valid tool .
… Or a seriously flexible and generic configuration engine that could manage every XSD schema , every mapping and every rule , so that all would be reconfigurable and the need for recompilations would be eliminated .
Thus any change in the schemas , mappings or business rules would just be configured by a user in the graphical UI of the tool itself , instantly changing the behaviour of the tool , without waiting for a new release of the tool , which would implement the new changes .
Choosing the components of the tool
I really like .
Net , especially because of the many build in stuff , the memory management and the easy way a useful GUI can be implemented rather quickly .
Also I ’ve been using Lua when coding some small mods for World of Warcraft , and I thought the whole WoW extension experience with Lua scripting engine was some of the most amazing I had seen in flexibility ever .
I wanted to combine the two , and get this sort of flexibility into my tool , as I did n’t quite see how I was able to fulfil my requirements without some sort of dynamic scripting engine .
Lua has very good integration with C/C+ + but not so straightforward with .
Net .
Making .
Net and Lua talk
Go to http://www.lua.org/ and download the latest source of this great great great engine .
Lua is free software distributed in source code .
It can be used for any purpose , including commercial purposes , at absolutely no cost .
The calling convention problem
Unfortunately using a standard Lua dll directly from .
Net will quickly crash your program .
This is due to different calling conventions in C / Lua vs. .
Net .
Calling conventions is all about how functions go about calling other functions .
In particular how function parameters should be passed and who should remove them when the function returns .
In C/C++ the __cdecl ( caller cleans ) calling convention is the default , and in .
Net the __stdcall ( callee cleans ) calling convention is the default .
If you do n’t know anything about calling conventions , and do n’t care , then please just skip the explanation stuff and go straight to the guide helping you build a Lua dll for use with .
Net
. Net implements platform invoke calls as __stdcalls per default and you cannot change this behaviour , except modifying and reassembling .
Net IL code .
At the return of the call from a .
Net function to a Lua C function the program will crash because the functions can’t agree about who ’s responsible for cleaning up the stack , and this will corrupt the stack .
Some examination
__cdecl marked functions :
The caller is responsible for cleaning any parameters sent on the stack to the callee ( the called function ) .
Typically it will look like this , when calling a function named C with 1 parameter :
C( 5 ) ;
It will look similar to this in assembly code
004017EB push 5 — prepare an integer argument on the stack
004017ED call C ( 4017D0h ) — push return address 004017F2 on the stack and change instruction pointer to 4017D0h
Callee processes something and finally issues a RET instruction which pops the return address into the IP instruction pointer register and proceeds execution at :
004017F2 add esp, 4 — the caller now cleans up the stack , freeing the 4 bytes containing the 32 bit integer with the value 5 .
__stdcall marked functions :
The callee is responsible for cleaning any parameters sent to it on the stack .
Calling C( 5 ) ;
004017EB push 5 — again preparing an integer argument on the stack
004017ED call C ( 4017D0h ) — again issuing a call instruction and push return address
…
In function C do stuff
…
004017D4 ret 4
As the function C returns it now calls RET with an argument 4 , again freeing 4 bytes of stack space , cleaning the 32 bit argument passed to it .
Lua with .
Net integration solutions
Based on the knowledge above , there are basically two paths you can take to integrate Lua with .
Net .
A .
Configure a visual studio solution to correctly build the Lua source code so that the Lua dll will be directly accessible from .
Net .
This is simply achieved by compiling Lua as a dynamic dll with the calling convention of the project explicitly set to __stdcall as default instead .
The drawback
Choosing this method disables the use of some functions with variable arguments .
Some features of the Lua API can no longer be called with variable number of arguments , the caller must match the exact signature of the function .
This is for most types of applications and usages not a major drawback , but in some cases it ’s a really cool feature which would greatly ease some tasks .
Im not sure precisely where this is an issue , so I would appreciate any comments about it , if somebody else can make a precise statement !
B .
Write a bridging dll between Lua and .
Net in C++/CLI .
C++/CLI ( Common Language Infrastructure ) is Microsoft ’s language specification intended to supersede Managed Extensions for C ++.
With this option you can create all the bridging to Lua in C++/CLI with support for both the c++ runtime and the .net common language runtime
The produced integration assembly can then be used by regular .
Net solutions , just by adding a reference to it and working on it like any other .
Net assembly .
Example of a project of a Lua bridging dll written in C++/CLI is LuaInterface which can be found here
The plusses of this method are that it enables the compilation of the functions communicating directly with Lua , to be declared with the __cdecl calling convention .
Any other method that will be called from extern .
Net assemblies can be declared with the __stdcall calling convention .
This enabled the use of variable argument functions
( which will just discard arguments that does not fit its signature ) .
This is due to the fact that the __cdecl calling convention specifies that ‘ Caller cleans the stack ’ .
The callee does not need to know how many arguments were passed to it , and the callee is not responsible for cleaning out the arguments , from the stack upon returning from the function .
Get to the point already !
I ’ll be focusing on method A , as I found it the easiest to get up and running quickly , and I did not need the bit of functionality the method prohibited .
Building the Lua Dll with __stdcall
Create a new c++ dll project .
Select DLL as the project type
After project creation , delete all the default files created in the project .
Add all the Lua source files , except ‘ lua.c ’ and ‘ luac.c ’ , downloaded from lua.org to the projects header files folder and source files folder , lua.c and luac.c are standalone consoles that do n’t belong in the core Lua dll .
Right click the project and choose properties .
In the configuration properties locate the calling convention setting like so .
Set it to __stdcall .
OK your way out .
As per default Lua is setup to be build as a library .lib , and therefore no functions are exported when building as a dll .
This can be changed in luaconf.h , by setting the corresponding pre-processor directives , but the result is not exactly what I want in regards to .
Net .
I ’ll show it anyway , but you can skip the addition of adding the directives .
Add the LUA_BUILD_AS_DLL define
Add the LUA_CORE define
Note that this method results in the dll containing decorated names , which is OK for any other C/C++ program that can use the .lib that goes with the DLL but not for a .
Net assembly if you want to use the original functions names in your imports .
Using decorated names
Build the solution , your now almost have the final Lua core dll that you can use from .
Net .
Actually I ended up with using a module definition file ( . def ) instead for my exports from Lua .
This ensures that the dll exposes the exported function names without decoration .
I have uploaded a word doc with the contents of a complete example .
def file for the dll if you prefer using the same method as me , just paste the contents into a text file and give it the .def extension and add to dll project .
Lua dll module definition file
Change the configuration properties of the dll project to use the .def file :
Using this method , you should just skip the other exporting method , i.e. changing of pre-processor directives etc .
MS documentation on dll export using a .def file here :
http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/d91k01sh(VS.80).aspx
Handling the issues with the C runtime manifest
OK , so far so good all we need now is too handle the dependence of the C runtime , and embed a manifest in our dll that tells which C runtime too use .
From http://lua-users.org:
The distributions for Lua 5.1.3 have moved ( and probably sensibly ) to assuming MSVCR80.DLL is present , and provide the required manifest resource to properly handle side by side versioning of the runtime
Were going to solve this using the Microsoft manifest tool .
Place the manifest and your Lua dll in the same folder and fire up a Visual Studio command line , and execute the following :
mt.exe / manifest Microsoft.VC80.CRT.manifest /outputresource:lua514.dll;2
( 1 for an EXE , 2 for a DLL . )
The documentation for mt.exe describes using [ -] as command prefix , but somehow my console translates that to [!! ] , so I used [ / ] and that worked …
DLL Done
We are now ready to use the Lua dll from .
Net .
Anytime you use it , just plant it in your bin folder along with the C runtime ‘ msvcr80.dll ’ .
I do n’t know why but even though the manifest lies embedded into the Lua dll , the manifest file must also still be present as standalone in the bin directory , this kind of annoys me as I ’m probably doing something wrong 🙂
Viewing the exported function names of your Lua dll
Open a Visual Studio cmd.exe and cd to the directory of the dll .
Use the Dumpbin tool like this : Dumpbin / EXPORTS
< name of dll >
Using Lua from a C# .
Net project
Create a new .
Net console application
In the example I use a console app , because Lua will then be able to output to the stdout of the console window .
I suggest you make a static class to wrap the Lua dll .
The class will contain definitions from lua.h , and the wrappers for the Lua API .
The Lua state object is the single most central part of the Lua engine , you will use this state in any call to a Lua API function from .
Net .
Here ’s a very small sample wrapper class that implements some basic Lua API functionality .
With this class you can open a valid Lua State , execute a Lua script held in a string , outputting some text to the console window , and finally close the Lua state .
public static class Lua { // some Lua defines /* option for multiple returns in `lua_pcall ' and `lua_call ' */ public const int LUA_MULTRET = ( - 1 ) ; // the first of any calls to Lua .
// get a valid Lua state to operate on [ DllImport ( " lua514.dll " ) ] public static extern IntPtr luaL_newstate ( ) ; //open all Lua libraries [ DllImport ( " lua514.dll " ) ] public static extern void luaL_openlibs ( IntPtr lua_State ) ; //close Lua [ DllImport ( " lua514.dll " ) ] public static extern void lua_close ( IntPtr lua_State ) ; // load a Lua script string into the Lua state [ DllImport ( " lua5.1.dll " ) ] public static extern int luaL_loadstring ( Int Ptr lua_State , string s ) ; // call a lua function , a function can be a Lua script loaded into the Lua state [ DllImport ( " lua5.1.dll " ) ] public static extern int lua_pcall ( IntPtr lua_State , int nargs , int nresults , int errfunc ) ; //simplify the execution of a Lua script public static int luaL_dostring ( Int Ptr lua_State , string s ) { if(luaL_loadstring( lua_State , s ) !=
0 ) return 1 ; return lua_pcall ( lua_State , 0 , LUA_MULTRET , 0 ) ; } /* public static void LogError ( ) { // log error string errMsg = null ; if ( Lua.lua_isstring(m_lua_State , - 1 ) > 0 ) errMsg = Lua.lua_tostring(m_lua_State , -1 ) ; // clear the Lua stack Lua.lua_settop( m_lua_State , 0 ) ; //log or show the error somewhere in your program } */ }
With our class defined we can now call Lua to do a simple calculation , this is our HelloWorld .
Codesnippet :
IntPtr lua_State = Lua.luaL_newstate ( ) ; if ( lua_State == IntPtr. Zero ) {//error} // open the Lua libraries for table , string , math etc. Lua.luaL_openlibs(lua_State ) ; string luaScriptString = " TwoPlusTwo = 2+2 ; print ( ' Hello World ' ) ; print ( ' TwoPlusTwo : ' , TwoPlusTwo ) " ; if ( Lua.luaL_dostring(lua_State , luaScriptString ) != 0 ) {//error} //clean up nicely Lua.lua_close( lua_State ) ;
You should see something similar to this , outputted to the console window :
I leave it to you to add the DllImports to get the LogError method working .
Any other Lua API function can be added to the class , just remember to add lua.h definitions as you go .
This wraps up my post on integrating Lua with C# / .
Net , hope you enjoyed it , and that it was useful to you .
There are lots of things I have n’t shown here , like registering C# methods to Lua and to be able to call them from Lua script .
I have added how to call from Lua into c# in another post , Embedding Lua in C# .
Net – Part II
Full source code for a sample working program including a simple script engine , and a full managed wrapper can be found in part III in this post
Thue Tuxen
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : . Net , C# , embedding , integrating , Integration , Lua , Lua source code , Lua.org , script , scripting , Thue Tuxen , tuxen consulting
By Mark Yates
BBC News
It 's one of the world 's most simple computer games - but , as a new report suggests , there could be more to Tetris than the idle act of fitting blocks together on a computer screen .
Computer games have changed beyond all recognition since those early days when blocky graphics would judder across a screen and explode with all the sonic impact of an egg box being crushed .
But while most of today 's new games boast the production values of a Hollywood blockbuster , a handful of old favourites continue to defy their apparent sell - by date .
There 's Solitaire , the card game that comes pre-installed on every version of Windows .
And then there 's Tetris , the creation of a Soviet computer programmer which requires players to move different shaped blocks into position so they form a straight line and then disappear from the screen .
Despite its minimalism , this year Tetris celebrates its 25th birthday .
Feeling brainier already
But while Tetris continues to win over new legions of entry - level computer gamers , it 's also been drawing the interest of brain scientists .
Some even suggest the game may actually be good for the health of the mind if not the body .
While hours spent struggling to sink those breezeblocks render fingers sore and gnarled , there are scientific studies that point to wider benefits .
The latest inquiry comes from the Mind Research Network ( MRN ) - a brain research organisation based in the United States .
Using little more than MRI brain scanners and game consoles , scientists have found that regular turns on Tetris caused the grey matter in a group of teenage girls to thicken .
Earlier this year , Oxford University reported that Tetris could reduce the flashbacks experienced in post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
In the research published this week , 26 adolescents were asked to play Tetris for 30 minutes a day over a three - month period .
Their brain power was then compared with a similar group who had n't been playing the game .
The theory is that Tetris thickens the cerebral cortex - part of the brain that plays a key role in memory , attention , perceptual awareness , thought , language and consciousness .
" What we found was a change in the brain after playing Tetris , " says Dr Richard Haier , a neurologist who led the project .
" The thickness of the cerebral cortex actually increased , by less than half a millimetre .
Brain efficiency
" It used to be thought that the number of neurones [ brain cells ] in the brain was fixed after a certain age .
This appears not to be true . "
Tetris is an excellent tool for neuroscience
Dr Richard Haier
It 's not the first time Dr Haier has seen research potential in playing Tetris , initially discovering the game in the early 1990s .
" Back then we were trying to find out what happens if you practise something over time .
We suspected that the brain efficiency was the key concept .
" I was looking for a game that was suited to look at what happens to the brain when you practise a complex task .
In 1991 no one had heard of Tetris .
I went to the computer store to see what they had and the guy said , ' here try this it 's just come in ' .
" Tetris was the perfect game , it was simple to learn , you had to practise to get good and there was a good learning curve .
Tetris is an excellent tool for neuroscience . "
The link between computer games and boosting brain power is not new .
Leading software companies like Nintendo have created their own brain - training games , such as MindFit , IQ Academy and Anagrammatic .
These claim to sharpen up mental processes like memory , visual spatial awareness and concentration .
But the apparent benefits of Tetris or other such games only go so far .
What scientists have so far failed to find out is whether the new mental powers learnt from playing Tetris can help with anything other than ... playing Tetris .
" The $ 64,000 question is whether these brain changes are beneficial to activities other than playing Tetris .
They are very important questions about the brain and learning . "
Cabbie proof Dr Chris Bird , a clinical neuroscientist at UCL , is cautious should anyone think Tetris is a short - cut to becoming brainier .
" If you practise something you are going to have to engage your brain in some way .
By doing something again and again the parts of the brain involved in that operation will change , " says Dr Bird .
" It 's the same with tests on cab drivers in London who have to do the Knowledge [ memorise every street in the capital ] .
These studies also show a decrease in other parts of the brain .
" So while some parts of the brain show an increase in cells , there 's a cost . "
And one thing that Tetris does n't seem to help is visual perception .
Dr Bird cites a study from 2003 which assessed the benefits of action games , or " shoot 'em up " games , and found they helped improved a player 's visual perception .
In that research , Tetris was played by the control group - and those who played the puzzle game had not notably improved on the tests .
So what about hardened Tetris players themselves - do they see any knock - on benefits in other parts of their life ?
Waste of time Vincent Laurent , a member of harddrop.com , an online community of Tetris addicts , has been hooked on the game for 17 years .
He said the attraction for him is its deceptive straightforwardness .
" Under a really simple and easy appearance , the game is incredibly deep and complex , it needs many years to assimilate every combination and keys to solve the problem .
" Today we have some versions of Tetris game which require five years to be finished , there is no more harder video game in the world than Tetris Grand Master 2 and Tetris Grand Master 3 . "
After spending much of his life glued to Tetris , Vincent , who is French , is in a strong position to judge whether it improved his mental skills .
" Honestly , with the level I have reached today , I prefer to think that I wasted my time , " he laughs .
" I am sure it does n't improve anything in the brain , except the Tetris skill itself .
I can play today at more than three pieces per second , but I am slow in life , slow and a perfectionist .
Tetris never helped me to think better or faster unfortunately . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
I have used the art of Tetris when filling my freezer - it is quite astounding how much can be fitted in .
Leeanne , Suffolk , UK I 'm 16 and I grew up playing Tetris , in a generation where most of my peers were obsessed with the latest Pokemon game .
I love a good game of Tetris on my mum's classic Nintendo Gameboy ( yes the one that needs 4 AA batteries and looks like a brick ) , however uncool and out - dated I may seem .
Tetris is amazing - FACT .
Lizzy , London , UK Re " thickens the cerebral cortex " - all very nice , but there is a significant part of the neuroscience community who have follow the theory that the reason cortex becomes thinner with age is that it is becoming more organised and specialised , and removes unwanted connections .
So if the cortex becomes thick again , this might just mean the cortex is becoming more DISorganised - not necessarily a good thing .
Chris , Paris
I worked for two years in a town north of Kenya in a flight planning and control office where we managed 30 aircraft to transport relief to Sudan .
Initially I was not good with making flight manifests but I think Tetris may have played a role in improving my flight planning skills .
We would compete on Tetris every day for two hours .
It was exiting and you had to think ahead and concentrate .
By the time I left the flight office , I was a master planner of manifest .
James N Mugo , Kampala , Uganda
While waiting for the loo in the dark during a long , overnight flight to Japan I remember looking out over the passenger cabin and seeing almost every passenger playing Tetris on their seatback TVs .
It was a surreal sight .
Ian , London , UK I used to use Tetris to speed up my thinking and to help me relax before sitting exams .
It seemed to work .
Jay , Cardiff , UK I love the line in this piece that says they used " little more than MRI brain scanners ... "
Little more ?
Surely MRI scanners are quite a big deal .
If the line had been " little more than an old cereal box and a pair of toilet roll tubes " then it might have been appropriate .
Martin , Maidenhead , UK
What a great game .
I remember reading a review when it first came out which stated that it was " fiendishly addictive " , and although I have n't played it for some years , I can't say that I disagree .
I might try and find a copy again , but then does my wife really aspire to becoming a Tetris - widow ...
Pete , Didcot , England I went through a phase of playing Tetris a lot when it first became popular in the early 90s .
When I fell asleep at night , Tetris blocks would appear to fall inside my eyelids .
I stopped playing soon after .
Andrew , Edinburgh
If Tetris is thought to affect the grey matter , presumably that might mean other games do likewise ... but to their detriment or benefit ?
We hear of certain games bringing out aggressive behaviour and others where people get so hooked they have literally died because they can't leave the console .
Alex , Edinburgh , Scotland Excellent , just the justification I need for the hours I still regularly spend on my ancient Gameboy playing my favourite game .
Even after a few months cold turkey , it does n't take long to get back up to speed .
Surely further proof that it's a vital life skill .
Fi , Birmingham I recently completed 150 levels of Tetris on the mobile phone version of the game and I can see no improvement in my intelligence at all .
Echoing what Vincent Laurent says , the only improvement I have experienced is that I am better at Tetris than when I started .
Personally , I think the whole story is overblown and any increases in intelligence are so negligible as to be completely meaningless .
Daniel Penn , Bradford
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BANGALORE , India — India ’s politicians are arrayed against the country ’s corporate class in a battle over excessive executive compensation , a subject that has recently become extremely sensitive across the globe .
Two top members of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ’s cabinet have cautioned Indian corporations to curb what is deemed " vulgar " pay packages of their executives .
Corporate Affairs minister Salman Khurshed and the Deputy Chairman of India ’s Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia called on the leaders of India ’s rising economy to practice austerity .
“ Indecent CEO salaries have become a global cause of worry , ” Ahluwalia said .
The call has come at a time when investors in the United States and elsewhere are outraged over the multi-million dollar bonuses and fat pay checks of corporate executives .
The subject has become extra sticky since the financial carnage on Wall Street last year and the resulting global economic turmoil .
A proposal to limit salaries and perks of corporate executives came up for discussion at the G20 meeting in Pittsburgh last month .
In India , recently buffeted by a severe drought and devastating floods in addition to the economic downturn , the Congress Party - led Manmohan Singh government has adopted austerity as its governance mantra .
Ministers and bureaucrats have been directed to curtail government spending on frills such as business class travel and pricey banquets .
So the government now hopes that Indian corporations will follow suit .
Trade unions have jumped into the debate , demanding that the government cap huge CEO pay deals .
“ The government should bring a strict law to deal with this problem .
Self - regulation is no remedy , ” said Mohammed Amin , general secretary of the communist - party affiliated union CITU .
Like their global peers , India ’s CEOs have fared well despite the economic downturn .
Their compensation packages have soared in the last year .
Its fast - growing companies are helping India maintain its position as the second speediest economy in the world after China .
Now irate corporate executives are questioning the government ’s right to regulate salaries in the private sector .
Leading industry trade group Assocham ’s members said that India could only become an economic power by consistent high economic growth .
“ An essential ingredient for high growth is employing the best talent and paying them salaries matching the best across the globe , ” the chamber said in a statement .
The statement resulted after a survey of its members .
Assocham said only market forces could determine salaries , which it says is the only means to attract talent in a highly competitive market .
Despite such reasoning , the salary debate is a delicate one in India where the contrast between the rich and poor is enormous .
The highest - paid CEOs in India took home salaries touching a billion dollars in 2008 .
That was several thousand times the multiple of the average per capita income in the country .
While the salary may not seem a big deal compared with pay in the West , that money can go a long way .
Many here find the contrast downright shocking in a poor country where millions subsist on a dollar a day .
The biggest pay checks are drawn by promoters themselves in India ’s family - run companies such as Reliance Industries , the petrochemicals conglomerate , and Bharti Airtel , the largest mobile services provider .
Ostentation has been a recent trend in corporate India and its business families , with multi-million dollar homes , extravagant weddings in exotic locales , yachts and executive aircraft .
Even the usually - soft spoken Prime Minister Singh was hard put to remain silent in the face of such brazen displays .
He warned two years ago that such widening inequalities could spawn social unrest in India .
In the land of Gandhi , the world ’s foremost ascetic , a debate over austerity and simple living is raging on with no resolution in sight .
* Editor ’s Note : The Wright video linked to in Cliff Kincaid ’s column , Controversial New Video of Obama ’s Pastor , has been deleted .
But the same video can still be viewed on YouTube in three parts .
Here are part one , part two , and part three .
We do not know why the original video was taken down , but have our suspicions .
A new video of Jeremiah Wright has surfaced , showing Barack Obama ’s pastor of 20 years praising Marxism and discussing his ties to communists in El Salvador and Nicaragua and the Libyan government .
Equally important , Wright is being introduced in the video by Robert W. McChesney , co-founder of Free Press , an organization which has come under scrutiny for its links to the Obama Administration and dedication to the transformation and control of the private media in the U.S .
In an article in the socialist Monthly Review , “ Journalism , Democracy , and Class Struggle , ” McChesney declared , “ Our job is to make media reform part of our broader struggle for democracy , social justice , and , dare we say it , socialism . ”
In the video , which captures Wright ’s appearance at a September 17 , 2009 , anniversary celebration of Monthly Review , Wright said that while the “ corporate media ” provide a “ binary lens ” of the world , in such terms as “ communist versus Christian , ” Monthly Review offers what it calls “ no - nonsense Marxism . ”
He added : “ You dispel all the negative images we have been programmed to conjure up with just the mention of that word socialism or Marxism . ”
He called America “ land of the greed and home of the slave . ”
During the 2008 presidential campaign , as Obama was trying to distance himself from figures such as Wright and Weather Underground terrorist Bill Ayers , Wright gave a speech at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. and repeated a discredited Soviet propaganda claim that the U.S. Government had manufactured the AIDS virus to kill black people .
The McChesney introduction of Wright provides more insight into the political network , based largely in Chicago , that launched Obama ’s political career and still influences him .
A professor at the University of Illinois , where Bill Ayers is also employed , McChesney was an editor of Monthly Review but now serves as a contributor to the publication and a director of the Monthly Review Foundation .
Fox News ’ Glenn Beck , who has focused critical public attention on McChesney ’s influence in the “ media reform ” movement and on the Obama Administration , has noted that McChesney co-authored another piece for Monthly Review , “ A New New Deal Under Obama ? , ” in which he said , “ In the end , there is no real answer but to remove brick by brick the capitalist system itself , rebuilding the entire society on socialist principles . ”
Ironically , McChesney ’s Free Press organization has received at least $ 1 million from the Open Society Institute of billionaire George Soros , a mega - capitalist who seems to have dedicated his life to overturning the system that made him wealthy .
At the 2007 Free Press “ National Conference for Media Reform , ” Rep. Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) launched a vicious attack on conservative talk radio , saying that the survival of America was itself at stake because of “ neo- fascist ” and “ neo - con ” talk - show hosts led by Rush Limbaugh .
Accuracy in Media ’s coverage of various Free Press conferences led us to publish the book The Death of Talk Radio ? , recognizing the dangers to a truly free press that were being assembled by forces on the political left .
But rather than pursue the destruction of conservative media through such measures as the Fairness Doctrine , it appears that “ diversity ” in media , “ localism , ” and “ Internet neutrality ” are becoming the main methods for media manipulation and control .
Dropping any pretense of objectivity and non-partisanship , the 2008 “ National Conference for Media Reform ” turned into a Barack Obama - for - President rally , as left - wing media figure Arianna Huffington denounced John McCain as a “ Trojan horse for the right ” who had “ sold his soul ” to become president .
Several speakers , including Federal Communications Commissioner Michael Copps , used the Obama campaign slogan , “ Yes , we can , ” as they urged the thousands of “ progressives ” in the audience to bring “ change ” to Washington , D.C .
The change can now be seen in the main agency , the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , with jurisdiction over the media as well as the Internet .
A major figure in Free Press conferences , Mark Lloyd , is now the Associate General Counsel and Chief Diversity Officer at the FCC .
But he has gotten critical attention from Glenn Beck and others for praising the Marxist revolution in Venezuela , where the regime has attempted to control or even eliminate private media sources .
Lloyd also has defended Paul Robeson , the famous singer and actor who tried to conceal his involvement in Communist Party activities from congressional investigators .
A former Free Press official , Jen Howard , is now the press secretary for the Federal Communications Commission .
As for Wright , he received some unwanted attention for saying earlier this year that he blamed “ them Jews ” for keeping him away from President Obama .
At the Monthly Review celebration , however , he went into more detail about his own personal and political philosophy .
He said that “ My work with liberation theology , with Latin American theologians , with the Black Theology Project and with the Cuban Council of Churches taught me 30 years ago the importance of Marx and the Marxist analysis of the social realities of the vulnerable and the oppressed who were trying desperately to break free of the political economics undergirded by this country that were choking them and cutting off any hope of a possible future where all of the people would benefit . ”
He said that his “ exposure to the FMLN in El Salvador , the Sandinistas in Nicaragua , and my presence at the 15th Jamahiriya in Libya taught me what I have read in the pages of the Monthly Review which is , as Joshua Stanton says , though we need not always agree with one another we must do the work necessary to at least understand one another . ”
The FMLN was the armed wing of the communist movement in El Salvador , while the Sandinistas are the communist movement in Nicaragua .
The Cuban Council of Churches is controlled by the Castro regime .
Interestingly , Wright used his appearance at the Monthly Review event to quote Frantz Fanon , the revolutionary also cited in Obama ’s book , Dreams from My Father .
However , his only reference to Obama in the speech came when he complained about Obama going to “ beg the big fat cats ” on Wall Street to stop irresponsible financial practices .
In a recap of the celebration , the Monthly Review editors declared , “ We would like to thank all those who participated in this extraordinary event .
Dr. Wright captured the tone of the evening , declaring that : ‘ Militarism , capitalism and racism , domestic oppression , foreign military aggression , victims of neo-colonialism , victims of community and national racism , and the Cold War days in its infancy to the needless war in Vietnam in its [ MR‘s ] second decade , through wars of greed in Afghanistan and Iraq in [ its ] sixth decade ’ were all incisively covered by the magazine .
He spoke of Monthly Review ‘s indefatigable insistence on the need to put ‘ people before profits , ’ and its unflinching criticisms of inequality , injustice , and the realities of capitalism . ”
It is not clear what kind of personal relationship that McChesney , a professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , has with Obama .
But his influence on the Obama Administration , as reflected in the FCC appointments , seems to be significant .
When he recently staged an on - air fundraising drive for his “ Media Matters ” radio show , McChesney included John Nichols , a co-founder of Free Press ; Ben Scott of Free Press ; Norman Solomon of the Institute for Public Accuracy ; and Noam Chomsky of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism , a Communist Party spin - off group .
Nichols was a speaker at a 2002 CCDS conference in San Francisco .
Ben Scott was a graduate student at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign when he co-authored a piece with McChesney for the Monthly Review on the problems of “ capitalist journalism . ”
He and McChesney also co-authored Our Unfree Press : 100 Years of Radical Media Criticism .
Scott would go on to serve as a legislative fellow for then - Representative and open socialist Bernie Sanders and then become the policy director for Free Press .
The contributors to Monthly Review include former Weather Underground terrorist Bernardine Dohrn ; Marilyn Buck , another former Weather Underground member ; convicted cop-killer Mumia Abu - Jamal ; Bill Fletcher , Jr. , a founder of Progressives for Obama ; and Chomsky .
In a piece titled , “ Homeland Imperialism : Fear and Resistance , ” Dohrn wrote of the “ robust and unified resistance to imperialism ” after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 .
Fletcher , a former assistant to the President of the AFL - CIO , wondered , “ Can U.S. Workers Embrace Anti-Imperialism ? ”
That particular cause had been led and managed by Van Jones , the “ Green Jobs Czar ” in the Obama Administration who was ousted after his history of deep involvement in communist and extremist causes threatened to implicate White House official Valerie Jarrett and Obama himself in his recruitment to his White House job .
An Accuracy in Media investigation determined that , like Free Press , Van Jones ’ career was carefully assisted by a lot of George Soros cash .
Dubai World has fuelled the emirate 's rapid economic growth of recent years
The government - owned investment company behind Dubai 's rapid development drive has asked its creditors for a six - month delay on repaying its debts .
Dubai World , which has total debts of $ 59bn ( £ 35 bn ) , is asking creditors if it can postpone its forthcoming payments until May next year .
Dubai World has also appointed global accountancy group Deloitte to help with its financial restructuring .
The company has been hit hard by the global credit crunch and recession .
It was due to repay $ 3.5 bn of its debts next month .
The malaise has also affected Dubai as a whole , where , following six years of rapid growth , the economy has slumped since the second half of 2008 .
This has led to Dubai property prices falling sharply .
' Shocking '
The Dubai government said in a statement that the request to delay debt repayments also applied to property developer Nakheel , a Dubai World subsidiary .
" It 's shocking because for the past few months the news coming out has given investors comfort that Dubai would most probably be able to meet its debt obligations , " said analyst Shakeel Sarwar , of SICO Investment Bank .
Dubai is one of the seven self - governing emirates or states that make up the United Arab Emirates .
Analysts say the Dubai government has paid the price for a flamboyant economic model centred on foreign capital and giant construction projects .
Some have speculated it is likely to turn to the more economically conservative Abu Dhabi emirate to bail it out .
Global credit rating agency Standard & Poor 's , which rules on a company 's or government 's ability to repay its debts , said the announcement " may be considered a [ debt ] default " .
As a result , it said it was downgrading its ratings on several Dubai government - related financial entities .
The Dubai World announcement was made on the eve of the Eid al - Adha Muslim festival , which will see many government agencies and companies close in Dubai until 6 December .
Fox News host Neal Cavuto appears to think that the United States is enjoying an economic recovery .
Perhaps more surprisingly , he ’s talking up the idea that former President George W. Bush is somehow responsible for it .
Cavuto made his claims after a Wednesday segment seeming to celebrate the Dow Jones Industrial Average ’s return to 10,000 .
“ Meanwhile , big banks are spurring this big rally , ” he said . “…
A year ago , remember , they were the ones behind the big meltdown .
Which is why former President George W. Bush was saying in South Korea early this morning his big bank bailout was to thank — is to thank .
So , what was once the Bush recession was once the Bush recovery ?
Is that a stretch ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This , in spite of a national growing unemployment rate last measured at nearly 10 percent , according to the United States Department of Labor .
Putting a question to his guest , Cavuto alleged that he was a big critic of President Bush and his $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) , but did not realize how close to “ the edge ” America ’s economy was .
“ He took the bold moves and look where we are a year later , ” he said .
His guest — Jim LaCamp , a senior vice president with a firm called “ Macro Portfolio Advisors ” [ sic ] — suggested that it “ defies logic that you could blame Bush for the banking problems , the banking system , and criticize the bailouts and not give him a little bit of credit right now . ”
However , William K. Black , a professor of economics and law with the University of Missouri , would likely disagree with LaCamp .
He told PBS host Bill Moyers during a televised interview in April that at the epicenter of the financial collapse were a spate of what he called “ liars loans , ” effectively creating a black hole of unfettered , unmeasured risk to which all else was drawn .
The “ liars loans , ” thanks to regulators during the Bush years who essentially abandoned their jobs , were packaged with triple - A ratings and repeatedly resold as exotic securities , effectively creating a financial vacuum .
“ Now , a triple - A rating is supposed to mean there is zero credit risk .
So you take something that not only has significant , it has crushing risk — that ’s why it ’s toxic — and you create this fiction that it has zero risk .
That itself , of course , is a fraudulent exercise , ” he said .
“ And again , there was nobody looking , during the Bush years .
So finally , only a year ago , we started to have a Congressional investigation of some of these rating agencies , and it ’s scandalous what came out .
ADVERTISEMENT
Furthermore , recipients of the TARP funds , which were meant to soothe banks ’ toxic assets and help the institutions better hide them by removing the red ink from their books , were not publicly disclosed by the U.S. Treasury under Bush appointee Hank Paulson .
Today , TARP Inspector General Neil Barofsky still cannot offer recipient data for some of the funds , and recently told the Senate Banking Committee that while some big banks have repaid their loans , the full sum will never be recovered .
And , as noted by Time magazine in a look back at the Bush administration ’s greatest financial blunders , Bush ’s tax cuts returned America to “ permanent deficits . ”
An additional $ 2- $ 3 trillion spent to occupy two foreign nations dug those deficits even deeper .
After the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , he encouraged not sacrifice or greater community , but shopping and “ financial irresponsibility , ” Time added .
A further hostile attitude toward economic truth — as evidenced by the firing of officials who warned of ballooning deficits , or ousting those who predicted the high price of war in Iraq — “ made it impossible for the Administration to react intelligently to real - world economic problems . ”
Finally , amid the bailouts , “ Bush was heavily criticized over his handling of the crisis and for government policies that were seen as lax in regulation and overly favorable to Wall Street in areas such as credit default swaps and other derivatives — a major trigger of the turmoil , ” Business Week noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I do n’t blame [ Bush ] for the banking problem , ” Cavuto ’s guest said on Wednesday .
“ I do n’t give him all the credit for the recovery .
But you ca n’t blame him for the problem if you do n’t give him credit for those moves that were made in helping these banks start to recover . ”
This video is from Fox News , broadcast Oct. 14 , 2009 .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Tsukiji market in Tokyo is the final destination for a large proportion of bluefin
The annual meeting of the body charged with conserving Atlantic tuna opens on Monday to warnings that this is its " last chance " to manage things well .
The International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas ( Iccat ) is criticised for setting high quotas and not tackling illegal fishing .
Stocks of bluefin tuna are at about 15 % of pre-industrial fishing levels .
US Commissioner Rebecca
Lent said her country and others feel this is Iccat 's last chance to put things right .
" We think Iccat is the body that should be managing bluefin tuna , and this is its chance to prove it can do so effectively , " she told BBC News from the meeting in Recife , Brazil .
For over 30 years , Iccat has wasted countless opportunities to set science - based catch limits and curb overfishing of Atlantic bluefin
Dr Sue Lieberman , Pew " We 'd like to have science - based management that has a good chance of stopping overfishing and rebuilding the stock , with effective compliance and monitoring . "
In recent years , Iccat has routinely set quotas higher than its scientific advisers have recommended , and illegal fishing has put even more pressure on the species .
It is estimated that the illegal take adds about 30 % to the legal catches .
In its last assessment , Iccat scientists noted that the rapid expansion of the fishing industry around the Mediterranean Sea meant " there appears to no longer exist any refuge for bluefin in the Mediterranean during the spawning season " .
Down to zero A number of European countries share US reservations about the ineffectiveness of Iccat .
This led Monaco to propose regulating the tuna trade through the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , an idea that has garnered support from most EU nations .
Others , including the US , would prefer Iccat to allocate quotas that the stock can withstand and then enforce them - but will back the trade ban if it does not .
Large modern boats pose a danger to seabirds , say conservationists Conservation groups , meanwhile , are pressing for a complete suspension of the fishery - a measure that was recommended by an independent review of Iccat published last year .
" For over 30 years , Iccat has wasted countless opportunities to set science - based catch limits and curb overfishing of Atlantic bluefin , " said Sue Lieberman , director of international policy with the Pew Environment Group .
" A zero quota will show the world that Iccat is ready to heed the science , and recognise the importance of fully alleviating fishing pressure on Atlantic bluefin until stocks recover . "
The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) is campaigning for Iccat to tighten regulation of longline fishing for tuna and swordfish .
It says threatened species such as albatrosses are routinely caught on hooks deployed by these vessels .
" We will be urging delegates to approve rules that make it mandatory for all vessels fishing for tuna and swordfish in the Atlantic to abide by simple measures which lower the risk of albatrosses and other seabirds dying in these fisheries , " said Cleo Small , an albatross specialist working with the RSPB .
Pew is also pressing Iccat to ban the removal of shark fins at sea - a measure that they say would reduce the toll on sharks , many of which are recent additions to the threatened species list .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It came after the minutes from the Bank 's latest Monetary Policy Committee meeting revealed that the idea of cutting the interest rate banks are paid on the reserves they hold there was not discussed this month .
The pound has lurched lower in recent weeks , thanks in part to speculation that the Bank will impose charges on banks for holding excessive amounts of cash in reserve at its vaults .
Under QE , it is pumping £ 175bn into the economy , but much of this cash is sitting in banks ' reserve accounts rather than being recycled and flowing around the broader economy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Brawn chief executive Nick Fry is confident newly - crowned Formula 1 world champion Jenson Button will still be driving for the team next year .
Button , 29 , sealed the 2009 title in Brazil on Sunday but has yet to sign a deal with Brawn for the 2010 season .
" I would n't like to say how far apart we are in money terms , but it 's a bridge that can be crossed , " said Fry .
English driver Button insists he wants to stay , and pointed out that he is not as expensive as some other F1 drivers .
" I 'm not that expensive compared to some drivers , " he said on a return to the UK on Tuesday .
" I feel like I really belong with this team .
" The important thing for me in my career is to be in a competitive car .
I 'm not one of these drivers that 's going to be looking for a new team who can pay me a lot of money . "
ANDREW BENSON ON BRAWN GP
What is not well known is that the Brawn car is , in the words of a team source , ' a botch job '
In the aftermath of Honda 's withdrawal from F1 for financial reasons last December and Brawn 's emergence from the ashes , Button accepted a pay cut of £ 5 m - taking his salary to £ 3 m - for the sake of his new team .
With Button having claimed the drivers ' title with a superb fifth place in difficult circumstances at Interlagos , helping Brawn to the constructors ' title in their maiden F1 season in the process , it is believed that Button could be looking to restore his salary to its previous amount .
Fry jokingly admitted that Button 's success would probably " make him more expensive " but he remains confident that the 29 - year - old wishes to remain with the team .
" We 've been together a long time , its six or seven years now , " said Fry .
" We 've been through the hard times together and now we 're successful .
We 've got to do a bit of negotiation .
" There are a number of people who have signed with the team , or are effectively competing with each other to be part of the team so I 've no worries over that . "
Brawn 's success this weekend is a far cry from the start of December 2008 when Honda pulled the plug on their F1 operation because of the pressures of the global financial crisis , leaving team boss Ross Brawn and Fry to pick up the pieces .
" At the beginning of this year we were close to the edge on several occasions , and a couple of times we did think that all was lost , " said Fry .
" We had to take it one step at a time because it was easy to get overwhelmed by a situation .
" We just took every race one at a time and did the best we could , and we have become world champions . "
Cost - saving measures saw Brawn forced to make 270 staff redundant in March 2009 and Fry was keen to pay tribute to their part in the team 's subsequent success .
" If you do n't make those decisions then everyone 's out of a job , and that 's no consolation for the people who unfortunately had to leave the team , " said Fry .
" I hope they feel just a little bit a part of this .
In many cases there are people who had worked for the team for six or seven years , and who had put in a lot of effort into it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mr Mousa 's sons were left orphaned after his death British soldiers who abused an Iraqi detainee who died in their custody were not just " a few bad apples " , a public inquiry has been told .
There was " something rotten in the whole barrel " , Rabinder Singh QC said .
Troops in Iraq routinely used banned interrogation methods they did not think were illegal , lawyers told the inquiry into the 2003 death .
The inquiry , led by Sir William Gage , is focusing on Baha Mousa 's death , detainees ' treatment and army methods .
Mr Singh , counsel for Mr Mousa 's family and the other Iraqis detained alongside him , said : " This case is not just about beatings or a few bad apples .
" There is something rotten in the whole barrel . "
TIMELINE OF KEY EVENTS 14 Sep 2003 Baha Mousa and nine other Iraqis arrested at Haitham Hotel in Basra by members of the 1st Battalion The Queen 's Lancashire Regiment 16 Sep 2003 Mr Mousa dies in British army custody in Iraq with multiple injuries 30 April 2007 Cpl Donald Payne jailed for a year and dismissed from the Army for inhumanely treating civilian detainees 27 March 2008 MoD admits breaching the human rights of Mr Mousa and others 14 May 2008 Defence Secretary Des Browne announces public inquiry to be held into Mr Mousa 's death 10 July 2008 MoD agrees to pay £ 2.83 m compensation to mistreated detainees 13 July 2009 Public inquiry begins in London
Q&A : Baha Mousa inquiry
His comments came as legal teams for key parties were allowed to read statements to the inquiry .
It has already heard of the abuse Mr Mousa and his fellow detainees suffered .
A short video showing Cpl Donald Payne shouting obscenities at the hooded Iraqi prisoners calling them " apes " has also been played .
In 2007 , Cpl Payne was jailed for a year and dismissed from the Army after being convicted of war crimes charges related to the death .
On Monday , Mr Singh told the inquiry : " The official version of events was that nothing on that video was in fact illegal .
" What we saw was a soldier trying to implement official policy , forcing detainees to get back into stress positions when they were clearly moaning and unable to maintain those positions .
" They are all shown hooded , again in accordance with orders , again illegally . "
Hotel arrest Mr Mousa and nine other civilians were arrested at a Basra Hotel on 14 September 2003 by soldiers from the former Queen 's Lancashire Regiment who found weapons on the premises .
Staff insisted the weapons were kept for security , but they were taken to a detention centre at the Battle Group Main camp , under suspicion of being insurgents .
Two days later Mr Mousa was dead .
A post -mortem examination showed he suffered asphyxiation and had at least 93 injuries to his body , including fractured ribs and a broken nose .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Mr Singh said : " One of the striking features of the terrible events is that the abuse did not take place in a secret location behind closed doors .
" The temporary detention facility ( TDF ) was open to the outside .
Many people must have seen or heard what was going on .
Many seem to have visited the TDF .
" This gives rise to serious questions about the professionalism of the outfit and whether the culture was one of impunity , [ and ] about the capacity of the regiment 's members to question and challenge abuse . "
Convicted war criminal A six - month court martial saw seven soldiers facing war crimes charges relating to Mr Mousa 's death .
In April 2007 , all but Cpl Payne , 36 , were cleared on all counts at Bulford Camp in Wiltshire .
He became the UK's first convicted war criminal under the International Criminal Court Act .
The brutality was completely unacceptable .
It has stained the reputation of the British army
David Barr
MoD counsel
In July 2008 the MoD agreed to pay £ 2.83 m in compensation to the families of Mr Mousa and the nine other detainees .
David Barr , counsel for the Ministry of Defence , said the " appalling " behaviour of British soldiers in the case " disgusted " the Army .
He told the inquiry : " It is with huge regret that the Ministry of Defence acknowledges the way in which some of those techniques were used on Baha Mousa and those detained with him .
" The brutality was completely unacceptable .
It has stained the reputation of the British army . "
Public apology Cpl Payne 's barrister , Michael Topolski QC , said the former soldier hoped the inquiry would provide a " clearer and fuller picture " of events .
Mr Topolski said : " Donald Payne has accepted and he does accept that he violated his duty to those detainees .
" For that , through us , now without hesitation he wishes to publicly apologise to each of them and in particular to the family of Baha Mousa . "
The inquiry later adjourned for the day and will reconvene at 1000 BST on Wednesday when the first witness will be Mr Mousa 's father .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Harvard Lampoon 's take on the teen vampire sensation hits stores on Nov. 4 , but you can read the complete first chapter , '' First Look , '' right now
1. FIRST LOOK
The hot phoenix sun glared down on the car windowsill where my bare , pallid arm dangled shamelessly .
My mom and I were both going to the airport , but only I had a ticket waiting for me , and that ticket was one - way .
I had a dejected , brooding expression on my face , and I could tell from the reflection in the window that it was also an intriguing expression .
It seemed out of place , coming from a girl in a sleeveless , lacy top and bell - bottom jeans ( stars on the back pockets ) .
But I was that kind of girl — out of place .
Then I shifted from that place on the dashboard to a normal position in the seat .
Much better .
I was exiling myself from my mom ’s home in Phoenix to my dad ’s home in Switchblade .
As a self - exiled exile , I would know the pain of Diaspora and the pleasure of imposing it , callously disregarding my own pleas to say one last good - bye to the potted fungus I was cultivating .
I had to coarsen my skin if I was going to be a refugee in Switchblade , a town in northwest Oregon that no one knows about .
Do n’t try to look it up on a map — it ’s not important enough for mapmakers to care about .
And do n’t even think about looking me up on that map — apparently , I ’m not important enough either .
” Belle , ” my mom pouted in the terminal .
I felt a pang of guilt , leaving her to fend for herself in this huge , friendless airport .
But , as the pediatrician said , I could n’t let her separation anxiety prevent me from getting out of the house for eight or so years .
I got down on my knees and held her hands .
” Belle is only going to be gone for the rest of high school , okay ?
You ’re going to have a lot of fun with Bill , right Bill ? ”
Bill nodded .
He was my new stepdad and the only other person available to take care of her while I was gone .
I ca n’t say I trusted him , but he was cheaper than a sitter .
I straightened up and crossed my arms .
It was time to cut the crap .
” The emergency numbers are above the phone in the kitchen , ” I told him .
” If she gets hurt , skip the first two — they ’re your cell phone and Domino’s .
I ’ve cooked enough meals to last you both the first month if you split one - third of a Stouffer ’s Lasagna a day . ”
My mom smiled at the thought of lasagna .
” You do n’t have to go , Belle , ” said Bill .
” Sure , my street - hockey team is going on tour , but only around the neighborhood .
There ’s plenty of space in the car for you , your mom and me to live . ”
” It ’s no big deal .
I want to go .
I want to leave all of my friends and the sunlight for a small , rainy town .
Making you happy makes me happy . ”
” Please stay — who will pay the bills when you leave ? ”
I could hear my boarding number being called .
” I bet Bill can run faster than Mom to the nice Jamba Juice man ! ”
” I am the fastest ! ” my mom shouted .
As they ran off , Bill pulling her shirt to get ahead , I slowly backed away into the gate , through the jet bridge , and onto the plane .
None of us were very good at saying good - bye .
For some reason , it always came out good - BUH .
I was nervous about reuniting with my dad .
He could be distant .
Twenty - seven years of being the only window - wiper in Switchblade had forced him to distance himself from others by at least a windowpane .
I recall my mom breaking down crying on the sofa after one of their rows and him just watching her stoically , right outside the window , wiping in powerful , circular motions .
When I saw him waiting for me outside the terminal , I walked towards him shyly , tripping over a toddler and soaring into a keychain display .
Embarrassed , I straightened up and fell down the escalator , somersaulting over the roller luggage inconsiderately placed on the left side .
I get my lack of coordination from my dad , who always used to push me down when I was learning how to walk .
” Are you all right ? ” my dad laughed , steadying me as I got off .
” That ’s my clumsy old Belle ! ” he added , pointing to another girl .
” It ’s me !
I ’m your Belle , ” I cried , covering my face with my hair like I normally wear it .
” Oh ! Hello !
It ’s good to see you , Belle . ”
He gave me a firm , gripping hug .
NEXT PAGE : Continue reading Chapter 1
Copyright © 2009 by The Harvard Lampoon , Inc .
All rights reserved .
Published in the United States by Vintage Books , a division of Random House , Inc. , New York , and in Canada by Random House of Canada Limited , Toronto .
” It ’s good to see you , too , Dad . ”
How strange it felt to use that moniker .
At home in Phoenix , I called him Jim and my mom called him Dad .
” You ’ve grown so big — I did n’t recognize you without the umbilical cord , I suppose . ”
Had it really been that long ?
Had I really not seen my dad since I was thirteen and going through my pet umbilical cord phase ?
I realized we had a lot of catching up to do .
I had n’t brought all of my clothes from Phoenix , so I only had twelve bags .
My dad and I took them in shifts to his Viper .
” Before you start making jabs about me being divorced , middle - aged , and going through a midlife crisis , ” he said as we put on our seat belts , ankle straps , and helmets , ” allow me to explain that I need a very aerodynamic car as a window - wiper .
My customers are judgmental people — if I do n’t drag race to those windows , they ’re going to question whether I ’m the right kind of guy to hang off of their roofs .
Push that button , hon — it raises the giant snake head . ”
I hoped he was n’t thinking of driving me to school in that car .
Every other kid probably rode a donkey .
” I got you your own car , ” my dad said , after I counted down and said ” blast off ! ”
He started the car after turning the key in the ignition several times .
” What kind of car ? ” My Dad really loved me , so I was pretty sure it was an airplane - car .
” A truck car .
A U-HAUL , to be exact .
I got it pretty cheap .
Free , to be exact . ”
” Where did you get it from ? ” I asked , hoping he would n’t say the dump .
” The street . ”
Phew .
” Who sold it to you ? ”
” Do n’t worry about it .
It ’s a gift . ”
I could n’t believe it .
A huge truck to store all of the bottle caps I ’ve always wanted to start collecting .
I turned my attention to the window , which was reflecting a flushed , pleased expression .
Beyond that the rain poured hard on the green town of Switchblade .
The too green town .
In Phoenix , the only green things are traffic lights and alien flesh .
Here , nature was green .
The house was a two - story Tudor , cream with chocolate timbering , like a miniature éclair that makes you fat for days .
It was almost completely blocked from view by my truck , which had a large graphic on the side of a lumberjack sawing a tree , with ” U - HAUL ” written above .
” The truck is beautiful . ” I breathed .
I exhaled .
Then I breathed again .
” Beautiful . ”
” I ’m glad you like it , because it ’s all yours . ”
I looked at my huge , unwieldy truck and pictured it in the school parking lot surrounded by flashy sports cars .
Then I pictured it eating those other cars .
I could not stop smiling .
I knew my dad would insist on carrying my twelve bags into the house all by himself , so I ran ahead to my room .
It looked familiar .
Four walls and a ceiling , just like my old room in Phoenix !
Leave it to my dad to find little ways to make me feel at home .
One nice thing about my dad is , as an old person , his hearing is n’t too great .
So when I closed the door to my room , unpacked , cried uncontrollably , slammed the door , and threw my clothes around my room in a fit of dejected rage , he did n’t notice .
It was a relief to let some of my steam out , but I was n’t ready to let all of it out yet .
That would come later , when my dad was asleep and I was lying awake thinking about how ordinary kids my age are .
If only one of them were extraordinary , then I ’d be rid of this insomnia .
I picked at my breakfast the next morning .
The only cereal dad had in his cupboard was fish flakes .
After getting dressed , I looked in the mirror .
Staring back was a sallowcheeked girl with long , dark hair , pale skin and dark eyes .
Just kidding !
That would be so scary .
Staring back was me .
I quickly combed my hair and picked up my backpack , sighing as I shimmied up the rope into my U - HAUL .
I hoped there would n’t be any vampires at this school .
NEXT PAGE : Continue reading Chapter 1
In the school parking lot , I parked my truck in the only place it would fit : the principal ’s space and the vice principal ’s space .
Besides my truck , the only other car that stood out was a racecar with antennas stuck all over the top .
What kind of a human would drive such a posh vehicle ?
I wondered as I walked through the heavy front doors .
Not any kind of human I ’d ever met .
A red -haired woman sat at the desk in the administration office .
” What can I do for you ? ” she asked , eyeing me through her spectacles , trying to judge me by my looks .
As a deeply mysterious person , however , I defy such judgments .
She was pale , like me , but in a large , obese way .
” You do n’t recognize me — I ’m new here , ” I said strategically .
The last thing the mayor needed right now was for the window - wiper ’s daughter to be kidnapped .
But sure enough , she kept looking at me .
My fame had preceded me .
” And what can I do for you ? ” she repeated .
I knew that she probably only wanted to help me because I was the window - wiper ’s daughter , the girl everyone had been talking about since my plane got in yesterday .
And I knew what they must say about me : ” Belle Goose : queen , warrior , chapter - book reader . ”
I cleverly decided to play into their preconception .
” Salut !
Comment allez - vous s’il vous plait …
Oh , I ’m sorry .
How embarrassing .
I took French at my old high school in Phoenix — sometimes I just slip into it .
Anyway , to put it in English , can you direct me to my next class ? ”
” Sure .
Let ’s take a look at your schedule . . . ”
I pulled it from my bag and released it into her pallid , chubby fingers , one of which was squeezed through a diamond ring like a sausage through a slipknot .
I smiled at her .
She looked like she would make a grateful wife .
” It looks like your first class is English . ”
” But I ’ve already taken English .
A few semesters of it , actually . ”
” Do n’t be smart with me , young lady . ”
So , she knew I was smart .
Flattered , I conceded .
” You know what ? ” I said .
” I ’ll go .
What the heck , right ? ”
” Down the hall to your right , ” she told me .
” Room 201 . ”
” Thank you , ” I said .
It was n’t even noon yet , and I ’d already made a friend .
Was I some kind of people - magnet ?
Granted , she was a middle - aged woman , but that made sense .
My mom always told me I was mature for my age , especially because I enjoy the taste of coffee with hot chocolate and sugar and milk .
I sauntered maturely over to Room 201 , flung open the door and peered at the students with my chin out .
The whole class could tell I was friends with older people .
The teacher scanned his attendance list .
” And you must be . . . Belle Goose . ”
All of this attention was getting a little embarrassing .
NEXT PAGE : Continue reading Chapter 1
” Take a seat , ” he said .
Unfortunately , the class was too basic to hold my interest : Ulysses , Gravity ’s Rainbow , Oblivion , and Atlas Shrugged , supplemented with the various lenses of Derrida , Foucault , Freud , Dr. Phil , Dr. Dre , and Dr. Seuss .
I groaned loudly as the teacher droned on , introducing everyone ’s name .
I ’d have to ask my mom to send me some interesting literature , like those essays I wrote last year .
When the bell rang , the boy next to me predictably turned to me and started talking .
” Excuse me , ” he said , hoping I would fall in love with him or something .
” Your bag is in my way . ”
I knew it .
He was totally the ” your - bag - is - in - my - way ” type .
” My name is Belle , ” I said .
I wondered which was the more surprising part about me — my elbows , which are naturally pointy , or my demeanor , which is apathetic to popularity , even though I ’ve read all the popularity handbooks so I could be popular if I tried . ”
You can walk me to my next class . ”
” Um , sure , ” he said , wanting me .
He made small talk on the way about how he was abandoned as a child and will only rest easy once he is avenged .
His name was Tom .
I could tell people passing by were listening in , hoping that I would reveal the mystery of my past .
” So what ’s Phoenix like ? ” he beseeched .
” It ’s hot there .
And sunny all the time . ”
” Really ?
Wow . ”
” You sound surprised .
You must be surprised by how fair - skinned I am , coming from such a hot climate . ”
” Hmm . I suppose you are pale . ”
” Yeah —
I ’m half dead , ” I joked , very humorously .
He did n’t laugh .
I should have known no one would get my sense of humor in Switchblade .
It was like no one here had ever told a sarcasm before .
” Here ’s your class , ” he said when we reached the Trigonometry classroom .
” Good luck ! ”
” Thanks .
Maybe we ’ll have another class together , ” I said , giving him something to live for .
Trigonometry was all blah - blah formulas that we ’d just save on our calculators anyway and Government was all blah - blah tomorrow we ’re crossing the border to attack Canada .
Nothing I had n’t done at my old school .
One girl walked with me to the cafeteria for lunch .
She had brown bushy hair in a ponytail that was more like a squirrel tail in the context of her beady squirrel eyes .
I thought I recognized her from somewhere , but I could n’t place it .
” Hi , ” she said .
” I think I ’m in all your classes . ”
So that ’s why I recognized her .
She reminded me of a squirrel I hung out with in Phoenix .
” I ’m Belle . ”
” I know .
We ’ve introduced ourselves already .
Like , four times . ”
” Oh , sorry .
I have a hard time remembering things that wo n’t be useful to me later . ”
She told me her name again .
Lululu ?
Zagraziea ?
It was one of those forgettable names .
She asked if I wanted to eat with her .
I stopped in the hallway , opened up my date book , and looked at Monday , 12:00 .
” Blank ! ” I exclaimed .
I penciled in ” Lunch with classmate ” then checked it off while we stood in line .
This was the year I would become organized .
We sat at a table with Tom and some other ordinaries .
They kept asking me probing questions about what my interests were .
I gently explained that that was between me and my potential friends .
It was then that I saw him .
He was sitting at a table all by himself , not even eating .
He had an entire tray of baked potatoes in front of him and still he did not touch a single one .
How could a human have his pick of baked potatoes and resist them all ?
Even odder , he had n’t noticed me , Belle Goose , future Academy Award winner .
A computer sat before him on the table .
He stared intently at the screen , narrowing his eyes into slits and concentrating those slits on the screen as if the only thing that mattered to him was physically dominating that screen .
He was muscular , like a man who could pin you up against the wall as easily as a poster , yet lean , like a man who would rather cradle you in his arms .
He had reddish , blonde - brown hair that was groomed heterosexually .
He looked older than the other boys in the room — maybe not as old as God or my father , but certainly a viable replacement .
Imagine if you took every woman ’s idea of a hot guy and averaged it out into one man .
This was that man .
” What is that ? ” I asked , knowing that whatever it was it was n’t avian .
” That ’s Edwart Mullen , ” Lululu said .
Edwart .
I had never met a boy named Edwart before .
Actually , I had never met any human named Edwart before .
It was a funny sounding name .
Much funnier than Edward .
As we sat there , gazing at him for what seemed like hours but could n’t have been more than the entire lunch period , his eyes suddenly flicked towards me , slithering over my face and boring into my heart like fangs .
Then in a flash they went back to glowering at that screen .
” He moved here two years ago from Alaska , ” she said .
So not only was he pale like me , but he was also an outsider from a state that begins with an ” A . ” I felt a surge of empathy .
I had never felt a connection like this before .
” That boy ’s not worth your time , ” she said , wrongly .
” Edwart does n’t date . ”
I smirked inwardly and snorted outwardly , tucking the soda - mucous that flew out into my pocket .
So , I would be his first girlfriend .
NEXT PAGE : Continue reading Chapter 1
She got up to leave .
” Coming to Bio , Belle ? ”
” Duh , Lululu , ” I said .
” Lucy .
My name is Lucy — As in I Love Lucy . ”
” All right .
Lucy —
As in I Love Edwart . ”
Maybe I ’m special , but I ’ve always had a knack for remembering mnemonics .
” Trash to the left , ” I bellowed , throwing out my leftovers — a half - eaten cake .
I looked back at Edwart to see if he had noticed that I , too , am a disciplined eater .
But strangely , he was gone .
In the ten minutes since I had last looked at him , he had vanished into thin air .
I turned around just in time to see that I ’d missed the trashcan by a lot , and my half - eaten cake was flying towards the back of a girl sitting at a nearby table .
” HEY ! ” she said , as the cake made impact .
” Who did that ? ”
” Let ’s go , ” I said to Lucy , grabbing her arm and running out of the cafeteria as the food fight began .
When Lucy and I got to class she went to sit with her lab partner and I looked around for an empty seat .
There were two left : one near the front of the room and one next to Edwart .
Since the front chair had a wobbly leg after I walked past and kicked it in , there was no choice .
I had to sit next to the hottest boy in the room .
I walked towards the seat , circling my hips and raising my eyebrows rhythmically like an attractive person .
Suddenly I was falling forwards , sliding down the aisle from the momentous force of my plunge .
Luckily , a computer wire wrapped around my ankle and stopped me from slamming into Mr. Franklin ’s desk .
I quickly pulled it from the wall to untangle myself , stood up , and looked around casually to see if anyone had seen .
The whole class was looking at me , but probably for a different reason — I had a hologram patch on my backpack .
From one angle it was an eggplant , from another it was an aubergine .
Edwart was looking at me , too .
Maybe it was the fluorescent lighting , but his eyes seemed darker — soulless .
He was seething furiously .
His computer was open in front of him , and the synthesized melody from before had ceased .
He raised his fist at me in anger .
I wiped the chemical dust off my clothes and sat down .
Without looking at Edwart , I pulled out my textbook and notepad .
Then , without looking at Edwart , I looked at the board and wrote down the terms Mr. Franklin had written .
I do n’t think other people in my situation could do quite so many things without looking at Edwart .
Facing straight ahead , I let my eyes sort of slide to the side and study him peripherally , which does n’t count as looking .
He had moved his computer to his lap and resumed playing his game .
We were sitting side by side at the lab counter , yet he had n’t started a conversation with me .
It was as though I had n’t applied deodorant or something when in reality I had applied deodorant , perfume , and Febreze .
Was my lip gloss smudged or something ?
I took out my compact mirror to check .
Nope , but I did have a few developing pimples up by the hairline .
I picked up a pencil on Edwart ’s desk and pressed it against the soft , supple flesh of my face .
They were the projectile kind .
Satisfaction attained .
I turned to thank him kindly for the use of his pencil , but he was looking at me in horror , his mouth agape , an open invitation to all sorts of airborne organisms like birds .
He grabbed the pencil and started wiping his hands with baby - wipes and rubbing the pencil with Purell .
Then he drew a circle around himself in chalk and returned to copying notes from the board , singing this jingle amiably to himself :
” Germs contagious .
Contagion alert .
But Edwart and Purell are stronger than dirt . ”
I reached out to borrow the pencil again for my notes , but the moment my hand breached the chalk line he screamed .
It was an unnaturally high pitch for a boy .
The right pitch for a superhero , though .
NEXT PAGE : Continue reading Chapter 1
Mr. Franklin was talking about flow cytometry , immunorecipitation and DNA microarrays , but I already knew that stuff from the audiotape I listened to in my truck that morning on my way to school .
I moved my eyes in circles , like they were on a Ferris wheel .
This is the best way I know of to keep myself from falling asleep .
Every time my eyes moved towards the right , though , they kind of hovered there for a little bit .
I could n’t help it — they wanted to see Edwart .
Then my eyes would go to the top of the sockets towards the ceiling and stop because , hey , nice view .
Edwart continued to jab at his computer .
With each pounding finger I could see the blood surging through the bulging veins on his forearms to his biceps , straining against the tight - fitted , white Oxford shirt pushed cavalierly to his elbows as though he had a lot of manual labor to do .
Why was he typing so loudly ?
Was he trying to tell me something ?
Was he trying to prove how easy it would be for him to fling me up into the sky and then catch me tightly in his arms , whispering that he would never share me with anyone else in the entire world ?
I shuddered and smiled coyly , terrified .
When the bell rang I stole another glance at him and shrank into a deeper sense of worthlessness .
He was now staring furiously up at the bell , shaking all the muscles in his fist at it , glowering at it with his dark , heated eyes and loathing lashes .
He clenched his hair in exasperation , clinging to the tussled tufts as he raised his head to the ceiling .
Then he slowly turned to me .
Looking into his eyes I felt waves of electricity , currents of electrons charging towards me .
Was this how it felt to be in love , I wondered , for robots ?
Caught in his ionized hypnosis , the old adage came to mind : Beautiful enough to kill , gut , stuff , and frame above your fireplace .
Suddenly , he jerked out of his daze and sprinted for the door .
As he ran , I noticed how tall he was , his long legs leaping in strides the size of my entire body , his arms so firm the impact did n’t make a ripple .
My eyes welled .
I had n’t seen something this beautiful since I was a kid and the Skittles in my sweaty fist turned my hand rainbow .
His shoulder blades jutted against his shirt as he ran .
They looked like white wings beating majestically before takeoff .
Demonic white wings .
” Wait ! ” I called after him .
He had left his computer at his seat .
” Game Over , ” the screen read .
Game over , indeed , I thought , using a metaphor .
” Can I copy your notes ? ” asked a regular human male .
I looked up and saw a boy of medium height , with dark hair and a lean but muscular frame .
I felt drawn to him .
He smiled at me .
I lost interest .
” Sure , whatever , ” I said , handing him my notepad and suddenly noticing that I had doodled a picture of Edwart .
In the drawing he had fangs , dripping with a dark substance .
Soy sauce .
” I ’m going to need that back , ” I said .
That drawing was going on my wall .
” Thanks , Lindsey , ” he said , mistaking me for Lindsey N Lohan .
He smiled again .
What a nice boy .
He had nice neat hair and nice clear eyes .
We were going to be great friends .
Great Just Friends .
” Walk me to the administration office , ” I said .
We all had gym next , but I needed my wheelchair .
I have a condition which makes my legs become paralyzed every time I think about gyms .
” Okay , ” he said , letting me put my weight on him .
” I ’m Adam , by the way .
I think I saw you in my English class .
That ’ll be great !
As long as one of us takes notes , the other one — me — does n’t have to go to class . ”
He was getting kind of out of breath as he dragged me along .
Being close to me makes some guys nervous .
” Did you notice anything funny about Edwart in class ?
I think I love him , ” I said nonchalantly .
” Well , he did look kind of angry when you fell and disconnected his computer charger . ”
So it was n’t all in my mind ; others had noticed Edwart ’s awareness of me .
There was something about me that evoked very strong feelings in Edwart .
” Hmm , ” I said scientifically .
” How interesting . ”
” Here we are . ”
After propping me upright against the wall , Adam staggered backwards , huffing and puffing .
I dismissed him and stepped inside the office .
” I ’m paralyzed for the next hour , ” I announced to the secretary .
” Go sit in your car , dear , ” she said , looking up from her copy of Daylight .
I skipped outside to my car , trying to daydream about its powers as king of the cars , but I was too disturbed .
First of all , if I had gotten my car for free , that meant that everyone else had paid more money for tinier cars .
Secondly , I was pretty sure there was something supernatural about Edwart — something beyond rational speculation .
So I stopped speculating about him and watched a procession of ants go by .
Life would be much easier if I could carry things twenty times my body weight .
Artist Bio
Born and educated in Bangkok , Pomme completed her BA in Interior Design at Silpakorn University before working at the Bangkok offices of both WPP ’s DY&R and Grey as a graphic designer .
In 2002 she relocated to the UK for a Foundation in Graphic Design and Communication at the London College of Communication .
Pomme ’s first forays into professional freelancing led her straight into London ’s lifestyle magazine industry as an art director and illustrator .
Over the past four years , her drawings have featured in the Telegraph , IDN , Grafik , Curvy Book and FT magazines , and she has worked on prestigious ad campaigns for the likes of Sony , Mercedes - B..enz , Marc Jacobs , Microsoft , The Guardian , Nike and Topshop .
Using her unique felt - tip style , Pomme draws inspiration from nature , fashion , architecture , Music and the female form .
Recently she has also begun exploring freehand typographical illustrations , several of which appeared in La Perla Magazine , Exhibition at New Museum ( NY ) and Soma Gallery among others .
Currently Pomme lives and works in London . ( bio )
Pomme Chan ’s Website
The consumer entertainment industry lobbyists lie .
They lie over , and over , and over .
They lie to the media , they lie to the politicians , they lie to you .
The lies in question are rarely looked upon critically by the media or the politicians , only by grassroots opposition .
The main lies involved are all variations on the same theme ; copying equals theft .
That is to say , if you copy a piece of data — be it a software program , a song , a movie , a book , that makes you a thief .
You ’re depriving the producer of that work of money which they supposedly have a right to .
I do n’t know , maybe I was n’t “ educated ” well enough in government schools , but no matter how I twist and turn my logic , I still fail to see how this even remotely makes sense .
If I walk into a store and leave with a jacket for which I have not paid then I have deprived the store ’s owner of his or her justly acquired , tangible property .
They have one less jacket .
They are directly harmed by my action .
If a friend , however , lends me a music CD and if I then make a copy , so that I can listen to the music without having to borrow the disc again in the future , nobody is harmed .
It is possible that I could , for example , have made an agreement or contract with him when I borrowed the disc stating that I can not copy it .
If I were to do it anyway , I ’d be in violation of a private agreement .
If not , who is harmed by my act of duplication ?
I used my own tangible property ( CD drive , computer , and hard drive or blank CD ) to fashion a duplicate of the data on the CD .
The original CD is still my friend ’s property .
I return it to him , and while he is no better or worse off than he was before , I am now better off .
The imprint of the music on my tangible property makes that property marginally worth more to me , as I can enjoy its use to a greater extent than previously .
Was anyone harmed at any point here ?
Yes — if you choose to believe the consumer entertainment industry .
They claim there was a third party here that was being harmed .
Can you see the third party ?
There was me , and there was my friend .
There was my property and that of my friend .
I do n’t see the third party anywhere in that process .
I suppose my friend could have been in a contract with the person or organization he purchased the CD from not to copy it , but I would n’t have been bound by that contract .
Either way , I did nothing wrong .
So who is this mysterious third party ?
At which point does he appear , and how is he harmed ?
Well , let me explain .
You see , there ’s this notion advocated by some — primarily media lobbyists , objectivists and government officials — of an intellectual property ( IP ) .
What is an intellectual property , you may ask ?
Well , the gist of it is that if you do anything that requires a bit of work with the big , roundish object mounted on top of your neck , you have a time - limited monopoly on that action if you ’re the first person to do it .
Not understandable ?
Let me enlighten you , dear reader , with some examples .
Against Intellectual P... Stephan N Kinsella Check Amazon for Pricing .
None of the above .
In fact , not only are they unwilling to innovate , they have gone to the extreme of starting to sue their own potential and real customers — with the number of lawsuits now over being over 20,000 .
I ’m not a business major , but I ’m pretty damn sure that ’s not a good way to gain favour with your customers .
In their view , every copy made is a lost sale ; each person who makes a copy — and a download from a file - sharing network is a copy — must equal a lost sale .
Because I ’m sure you ’ve all gone and bought every single song or movie you ’ve heard or seen at a friend ’s place , on the radio , on TV , and so on .
Let ’s cut the crap , okay ?
There are many theories on why the entertainment industries ’ profits are going down the drain .
My own personal favourites are as follows :
Lack of innovation and fear of technology .
The industries have always been afraid of new technology .
The radio , the player - piano , the phonograph , the VCR , cassette tapes etc. were seen as threats by the industry , which responded by attempting to restrict sales and ownership .
They ’re notoriously skeptical towards new technology , and will bend over backwards to prevent it from becoming commonplace .
They ’re unwilling to experiment and find new ways to fulfill customer demand .
Apple practically had to force iTunes onto the market , the record labels were n’t willing to go along with it at first .
They were n’t willing to only sell individual songs , they wanted whole albums sold .
One glaring example of the entertainment industries ’ fear of technology was ex-MPAA president Jack Valenti ’s 1982 statement to a U.S. Congressional panel : “ I say to you that the VCR is to the American film producer and the American public as the Boston strangler is to the woman home alone . ”
As we all know , VCRs went on to become one of the biggest profit sources for Hollywood in history , and now we have DVDs and Blu - Ray discs filling the VCR ’s role .
Appealing to the lowest common denominator .
This applies both to movies and music , but in my opinion , especially music .
With their tight working relationship with radio and MTV - like TV channels , the IFPI members of the music industry have , until the last decade , had a virtual choke hold on customers .
The radio and TV was the way new music was promoted and exposed to the customer .
This is why a good portion of the popular music available today ( which , of course , is a subjective opinion — but one many people would echo ) is of dubious quality .
Need I mention anything more than Britney Spears ?
The control they once had is now eroding .
This is , I believe , one of the core reasons behind their stubborn unwillingness to embrace new technology , and especially the Internet : they give consumers more choice .
Movies and news media , of course , are n’t exempt .
Every year , Hollywood cranks out hundreds of movies , on which only a handful are truly worth spending one ’s finite time .
Who truly needs to see movies like Brüno ?
I mean , okay , it ’s mildly humorous .
But it ’s far from intelligent .
Here is an article by Michael Crichton discussing the quality of the media , with emphasis on news media in particular .
While that is n’t directly what this article is discussing , its observations can be applied to that of the entertainment media as well .
Treating the customer like a criminal .
You walk into a cinema , buy a ticket , sit down and wait for the movie to start .
Then you see this .
Does n’t give you the impression that they like or trust their customers a whole lot , does it ?
The results of using DRM have been mainly preventing non-tech - savvy users from making backups of their own discs ( as tech - savvy users can figure out ways to copy them anyway ) and to introduce unnecessary inconvenience to the customer .
Here are a few examples .
The entertainment industries ’ crusade against file sharing .
A truly stillborn , yet relentlessly continued policy .
This harks back to # 1 & # 3 , but deserves a mention of its own .
File sharing , which is to say , people sharing media content in the form of digital files such as MP3s , has had a history dating back to the beginning of the digital computer age , but in its current , Internet based incarnation dates back only a decade .
It started with Shawn Fanning releasing Napster in 1999 .
There were a few file - sharing networks prior to Napster , such as HotLine and Audiogalaxy , but Napster is the first one that got real traction .
Millions of users copying music files from each other via the Internet .
The music industry freaked .
That treaty , if passed , would mark the death of the Internet as we know it ; pretty much every single website and service with user - uploaded content would be forced out of business by the sheer cost of compliance .
Bye - bye YouTube , Flickr , Google Book Search , digg , Wikipedia , etc .
We ca n’t let this insanity go on any longer — eliminate imaginary property !
Thanks for editorial help from John T .
November 9 , 2009
This article is under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License .
Stephan Kinsella explains why .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below . )
U.S. job seekers are crashing into the worst employment market in years and background checks that reach deeper than ever into their pasts .
The result : a surge of people seeking to legally clear their criminal records .
In Michigan , state police estimate they 'll set aside 46 % more convictions this year than last .
Oregon is on track to set aside 33 % more .
Florida sealed and expunged nearly 15,000 criminal records in the fiscal year ended June 30 , up 43 % from the previous year .
The courts of Cook County , which includes Chicago and nearby suburbs , received about 7,600 expungement requests in the year 's first three quarters , nearly double the pace from the year before .
One petitioner is Wally Camis Jr. , who wanted to clear the air about the time he threatened two men with a hairbrush .
For more than a year , Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has maintained that it would n't have suffered material losses had the government allowed one of its major trading partners , American International Group Inc. , to collapse .
A government report throws cold water on that claim .
Goldman was among the largest beneficiaries of a decision by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to bail out insurer AIG in September 2008 at the height of the financial crisis .
The Fed agreed to pay Goldman and 15 other banks , in full , for $ 62 billion of insurance contracts they had with AIG to protect against price drops of mortgage securities they held .
The report , issued this week by the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program , comes amid controversy over whether the government unfairly helped out big banks in its bailout of AIG .
The government auditor 's report broadly found that the New York Fed left itself little room in negotiating with the banks for a better deal for taxpayers .
Goldman 's trading position with AIG centered on $ 22.1 billion of such insurance the firm had purchased from AIG .
In a separate series of trades , Goldman itself had sold protection against losses on the same securities to other trading firms .
Hi , all !
It 's been a while since we 've been able to post at the site , so we hope you pardon the delay !
Just some simple things to send to you occasionally , as we work on turning the hope of building the site more soon .
If you 're interested , take a look at GG's new articles at the Media research Center site !
They 're not entirely libertairan or anarcho - capitalist , but they asked me to write for them , and it gives me a great opportunity to slide ideas of total freedom towards the paleo conservative crowd !
http://www.mrctv.org/author/p-gardner-goldsmith
Hope you like !
Be Seeing You !
tlighthouse
Maggie Cheung as Su Li-zhen in In the Mood for Love ( 2000 ) dir .
Wong Kar-wai
Unicorn Teddy
Brighton , East Sussex
Pink and white large unicorn teddy .
Selling as I have no need for it .
Comes from a home with a dog , however the dog has n’t been in contact with it .
Collection only .
I have a friend who only orders salads when she goes out on a date .
Me , I ’d order the pasta and make sure to leave room for dessert .
Turns out I ’m unusual that way .
According to the latest study at McMaster University , women consume far fewer calories in the presence of a man ( or men ) than when eating alone or with another woman .
Of over 450 people observed in a cafeteria setting , only the women revealed different consumption habits around the opposite sex .
What I was oblivious to when dating is the fact that what you eat , and how much , can affect impressions of your habits , world - views , social appeal , and attractiveness .
According to the authors , psychologists Meredith Young and her colleagues :
1 . In [ groups of two ] , women selected foods with lower caloric value if their companion was male than if with another woman , whereas men ’s choices were not affected by partner ’s sex .
2 . In our study , women ’s total calories were not just reduced in the presence of a male , but also decreased further as a function of the number of male companions ( and tended to show a reverse effect of female companions ) .
3. Women , in particular , adjust their eating to accord with consumption stereotypes , specifically that smaller eaters are viewed more favorably .
The women we observed adjusted food selection not so as to match men , but perhaps in accordance with beliefs about what men find attractive .
Is a lusty appetite really less attractive ?
Now it 's time for Christmas Jesus Dress Up !
Now you can Dress up Jesus in His holiday best by dragging the items to him with your mouse .
They 'll snap right into place !
Then you can start over again by clicking the RESET button !
© 2017 Normal Bob Smith
As Christmas gets closer you may need extra cash to get those last minute gifts .
You can get a loan from Titlemax for the cash you need .
Sign up online for a Titlemax loan and you can get thos last minute gifts now .
Longtime readers will know that I have been very supportive of state initiatives on medical marijuana dating back to my years at the Seattle Times ( see here , here , and here ) .
So , I have no general policy quarrel with this at all .
Finally , an Obama policy that officially reduces the role of the federal government .
Or so it seems :
Federal drug agents wo n’t pursue pot-smoking patients or their sanctioned suppliers in states that allow medical marijuana , under new legal guidelines to be issued Monday by the Obama administration .
Two Justice Department officials described the new policy to The Associated Press , saying prosecutors will be told it is not a good use of their time to arrest people who use or provide medical marijuana in strict compliance with state law …
Fourteen states allow some use of marijuana for medical purposes : Alaska , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington .
The question is :
Why is this “ news ? ”
AG Eric Holder announced it back in March :
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. on Wednesday outlined a shift in the enforcement of federal drug laws , saying the administration would effectively end the Bush administration ’s frequent raids on distributors of medical marijuana .
Speaking with reporters , Mr. Holder provided few specifics but said the Justice Department ’s enforcement policy would now be restricted to traffickers who falsely masqueraded as medical dispensaries and “ use medical marijuana laws as a shield . ”
In the Bush administration , federal agents raided medical marijuana distributors that violated federal statutes even if the dispensaries appeared to be complying with state laws .
The raids produced a flood of complaints , particularly in California , which in 1996 became the first state to legalize marijuana sales to people with doctors ’ prescriptions .
Graham Boyd , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union drug law project , said Mr. Holder ’s remarks created a reasonable balance between conflicting state and federal laws and “ seem to finally end the policy war over medical marijuana . ”
He said officials in California and the 12 other states that have authorized the use of medical marijuana had hesitated to adopt regulations to carry out their laws because of uncertainty created by the Bush administration .
Mr. Holder said the new approach was consistent with statements made by President Obama in the campaign and was based on an assessment of how to allocate scarce enforcement resources .
He said dispensaries operating in accord with California law would not be a priority for the administration .
Mr. Holder ’s comments appeared to be an effort to clarify the policy after some news reports last month interpreted his answer to a reporter ’s question to be a flat assertion that all raids on marijuana growers would cease .
Department officials said Mr. Holder had not intended to assert any policy change last month but was decidedly doing so on Wednesday .
The “ clarifying ” memo that will be sent out today , seven months after Holder first announced the “ shift , ” makes clear that the Obama administration will actually retain the same discretion the Bush administration exercises to prosecute someone whose activities are deemed legal in states that allow medical marijuana use .
A three - page memo spelling out the policy is expected to be sent Monday to federal prosecutors in the 14 states , and also to top officials at the FBI and Drug Enforcement Administration .
The memo , the officials said , emphasizes that prosecutors have wide discretion in choosing which cases to pursue , and says it is not a good use of federal manpower to prosecute those who are without a doubt in compliance with state law .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the legal guidance before it is issued .
“ This is a major step forward , ” said Bruce Mirken , communications director for the Marijuana Policy Project .
“ This change in policy moves the federal government dramatically toward respecting scientific and practical reality . ”
At the same time , the officials said , the government will still prosecute those who use medical marijuana as a cover for other illegal activity .
The memo particularly warns that some suspects may hide old - fashioned drug dealing or other crimes behind a medical marijuana business .
In particular , the memo urges prosecutors to pursue marijuana cases which involve violence , the illegal use of firearms , selling pot to minors , money laundering or involvement in other crimes .
And while the policy memo describes a change in priorities away from prosecuting medical marijuana cases , it does not rule out the possibility that the federal government could still prosecute someone whose activities are allowed under state law .
In other words , they will continue Bush - era policies when they find it expedient to do so in the future — but they want praise and obeisance from the Left for paying lip service to Transformative Change now .
It ’s the Obama way !
***
Meanwhile , the Big Nanny feds continue their power grab over tobacco :
FDA bans flavored cigarettes .
Except menthol , that is :
Because of a loophole written into the law , the FDA banned all flavored cigarettes except menthol .
The only flavor sold by Philip Morris , the FDA ’s industry ally in passing legislation to allow the ban , just happens to be menthol .
Sold as a way to protect public health , the ban is more flash than substance .
At the time he signed the legislation President Obama crowed , “ The decades - long effort to protect our children [ has ] emerged victorious .
… Today , change has come . ”
Change came , but it did n’t do much when it got here .
Menthol is the No. 1 cigarette flavor used by underaged smokers and the most popular among all smokers .
A menthol ban would have had many times the impact of banning all other flavors combined .
The menthol exception makes the new regulation particularly toothless among blacks .
Mentholated brands are preferred by three - quarters of black smokers .
Blacks tend to be more likely to smoke and to smoke more .
As a result , blacks suffer a disproportionate share of lung cancer .
ORDER IT NOW Consumers should be able to decide for themselves whether they want to smoke or go hang gliding or eat fattening ice cream , but even by the standards of nanny state advocates this rule is ludicrous .
There is no logical health explanation for why menthol flavored cigarettes are allowed but other flavors are banned .
However , there is an economic reason for the distinction and for Philip Morris to be a cheerleader for regulation .
The more regulatory hurdles faced by potential competitors , the easier it is for large tobacco concerns to keep their markets .
Government Ciggies , Inc :
From Virginia to New York to Maine , the religious right is playing a key in tomorrow ’s off - year elections .
The reports of its death were greatly exaggerated .
President Obama might have “ turned Virginia blue ” last year , but old habits die hard there .
Republican gubernatorial candidate Bob McDonnell , a graduate of Pat Robertson ’s Regent University , is holding onto a double - digit lead over the lackluster Democratic candidate Creigh Deeds .
Ken Cuccinelli , the Republican candidate for Attorney General , holds a comparable lead over the Democrat Steve Shannon .
Both Republicans make the religious right proud ; no need in Virginia , as in New York ’s 23rd Congressional District , for it to back a third party candidate because the Republicans are too darn liberal .
Every other election cycle or so , the religious right makes noises that it might have to form a third party of its own .
Although the likelihood of success for Christianist third party is nil , this “ values voters ” grandstanding is not an empty threat .
It moves GOP candidates , particularly in the primaries , to the right .
They ca n’t win without the Christian right money or ground troops .
In Virginia , McDonnell and Cuccinelli are solid culture warriors .
In NY - 23 , the religious right and tea party backing of Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman forced Republican ( and pro-choice , pro-gay marriage ) Dede Scozzafava to drop out of the race and endorse Democrat Bill Owens .
If Hoffman wins — and probably even if he loses — the showing of New York ’s third party may well galvanize the religious right to solidify its tea party alliance even further with efforts to embrace third party candidates or at least back primary challenges where Repubilcans are insufficiently doctrinaire .
In Virginia this summer , it was thought that McDonnell ’s 1989 Regent graduate thesis would be his downfall .
In it , the then - 35 year - old McDonnell posited that working women and feminists were “ detrimental ” to the family , that the 1972 Supreme Court legalization of contraceptive use by married couples was “ illogical , ” and called for policy favoritism for married couples over “ cohabitators , homosexuals or fornicators . ”
Yet , in no small part aided by Deeds ’ ineffectiveness , McDonnell has managed to downplay the culture war issues and portray himself as the reasonable technocrat who will solve Virginia ’s fiscal and transportation problems .
Fox News today gleefully predicts a landslide .
Cuccinelli , the attorney general candidate , is ahead despite bucking the McDonnell strategy of trying to make his reactionary social views look like a mere graduate school dalliance .
As a state senator , Cuccinelli supported bills that would have granted legal rights to fetuses at conception and enacted prohibitive regulations on abortion clinics designed to drive them out of business .
He opposed a bill that stated that contraception is not abortion .
Cuccinelli ’s culture war coup de grace , though , was this gem : “ My view is that homosexual acts , not homosexuality , but homosexual acts are wrong .
They ’re intrinsically wrong .
And I think in a natural law based country it ’s appropriate to have policies that reflect that .
…
They do n’t comport with natural law .
I happen to think that it represents ( to put it politely ; I need my thesaurus to be polite ) behavior that is not healthy to an individual and in aggregate is not healthy to society . ”
In endorsing Shannon , the Virginian - Pilot editorial board wrote , “ To put it politely , Cuccinelli ’s election would bring embarrassment to Virginia , instability to the state ’s law firm and untold harm to the long list of people who do n’t fit his personal definition of morality . ”
The embarrassment that may befall Virginia might well be duplicated in Maine .
Polls there show a dead heat on a referendum to overturn the recently - enacated gay marriage law .
The reactionary anti-equality National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) has set its sights on Maine just like it did on Cailfornia ’s Proposition 8 last year .
In New York , it ’s exactly those “ personal definitions of morality ” that drove Scozzafava to drop out of the race and endorse Owens .
After religious right luminaries , including Sarah Palin , got behind Hoffman , Scozzafava sank in the polls .
After she endorsed Owens yesterday , the anti-choice Susan B. Anthony List promply used Scozzfava as Exhibit A for the further marginalization of moderate Republicans .
“ When a GOP candidacy is not based on fundamental conservative values , the party and the principles are inevitably betrayed and critical moments . . . .
These principles are not only right , they are the path to electoral victory , ” the group ’s president , Marjorie Dannenfelser , said in a statement .
SBA
List was one of the first religious right groups to back Palin ’s candidacy last year ; its spokeperson told me that the group was familiar with Palin because of the work of its state - level activists in Alaska .
Surely they ’re grooming other candidates in the same mode .
NY - 23 is a conservative district .
There is a special election there tomorrow because the district ’s previous representative , John McHugh , became Secretary of the Army .
His nomination to that post sailed through the Senate , despite a religious right record against church - state separation , including a disregard for ongoing problems with proselytizing in the military .
His votes for , say , allowing the Ten Commandments to be posted in public schools and government buildings , did n’t bother his constituents , or the Democratic Senators who have apparently become so accustomed to the religious right ’s presence on Capitol Hill that even his record on military religious freedom did n’t move them to question his suitability for a Pentagon post .
Even if the religious right does n’t get its way tomorrow , it has had its way in all of these races .
The games will only be open to humanoid robots China is planning to hold a robot Olympics in 2010 .
The international event will be held in the city of Harbin and will see robots take part in 16 different events .
Robots will be able to compete in familiar Olympic sports such as athletics as well as those more suited to machines such as cleaning .
Entry to the competition will be restricted to robots resembling humans .
They must possess two arms and legs .
Wheels are banned .
The organisers of the games expect from more than 100 universities from around the world to send competitors to the event .
Harbin has been picked as the venue because the city 's Institute of Technology is the home of a robot football research group that manages a very successful team of soccer playing humanoids .
Professor Hong Rongbing , from the Harbin Institute of Technology , said the idea of the competition was to drive innovation and produce robots that are more flexible and helpful .
No specific date has been set for the games as its organisers are still rounding up sponsors to help pay for it .
The Chinese event will face competition from the RoboGames that also stages sports events for robots .
The 2010 RoboGames will take in California in April .
The Harbin robot games will be one among an increasingly crowded calendar for robot sports and other competitive events .
One event , Roboexotica , is for robots that can mix cocktails , light cigarettes and chat with bar patrons .
Robots already have their own world cup .
The 2009 competition saw entries from 400 teams that hailed from 35 separate nations .
The 2010 event will be held in June in Singapore .
A rival event is run by the Federation of International Robot - Soccer Associations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On the porch of a safe house in Liberia 's capital city , Monrovia , six year - old Mercy is playing a card game .
As her tiny hands shuffle the frayed cardboard squares , Mercy explains how she came to live within the safe house 's high - security fences .
Two weeks ago , she says quietly , she was walking along the road on her way to visit her father at work when a " big man " grabbed her .
The stranger took her to a derelict house where he kept her overnight and raped her , repeatedly .
She was found the next morning and taken to hospital .
Mercy is now on a course of powerful drugs to stop her contracting HIV and other sexually transmitted infections she may have been exposed to during the attack .
She will stay in the charity - run safe house , guarded by female security staff , until it is considered safe for her to return to her family .
" Most of the time , the community blames them for what happened to them , " Mercy 's social worker , Marriam , says .
" The family may even disown the child for speaking out . "
Thousands of young girls like Mercy are raped every year in Liberia .
A quarter of the victims are under five years old .
There are no official figures estimating the extent of the problem : in a war - torn country with no mains electricity , no running water and 85 % unemployment , the authorities have more immediate concerns than gathering accurate statistics .
But Liberia 's free clinics are overwhelmed with child victims , and doctors from Medecins Sans Frontières have speculated that up to 10,000 Liberian children must be victims of rape every year – in a country with a population of little over 3 million .
It is easy to view the crisis as a consequence of Liberia 's brutal 14 - year civil war , in which both Charles Taylor 's government forces and rebel factions used rape as a weapon to terrorise and destroy communities .
Yet Liberia has been at peace since 2003 – only a few months after Mercy was born – and Liberians are at a loss to explain why this particular legacy of war appears to be getting worse , and children of the new , peaceful , democratic Liberia are now being victimised on such a shocking scale .
" When you follow the rape cases in Liberia , it 's like the men are going mad , " says Marriam .
" They are just possessed .
The way they are doing the rape business , they are confusing us . "
Children are viewed as potential sexual conquests all over the country – and not just by Liberian men .
Lofa county saw some of the war 's most intense and prolonged fighting , and children orphaned by the conflict must now beg for their survival here , but they often find those they approach for food , money or help expect sex in return .
In Foya , near the borders with Guinea and Sierra Leone , Oretha , 15 , and her sister Sarah , 16 , have been having sex – or " man business " , as they call it in Liberian English – since the ceasefire , when Oretha was nine .
When they are hungry , they say , they go to the town 's main highway and beg from foreign aid workers in NGO - branded 4x4s who give them the equivalent of 40 pence in exchange for sex .
If there is no one on the highway , they go to the base where the UN peacekeepers are stationed and ask for food , but they say the peacekeepers , too , expect sex in return .
The UN says it takes allegations like these very seriously and has promised to investigate them .
It acknowledges there have been problems of sexual abuse and exploitation by UN peacekeepers in Liberia , including some that allegedly involve underage girls .
Liberia 's president and Africa 's first female head of state , Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf , was elected in 2005 , vowing to tackle sexual violence .
She has installed a female chief of police , a team of women prosecutors and a female judge who presides over a criminal court specifically dedicated to trying rape cases .
But four years on from Johnson - Sirleaf 's historic win , justice for rape victims seems agonisingly slow .
It can take years for cases to come to trial .
The dedicated court started hearing cases in May this year , but took two months to try its first case .
In Monrovia Central Prison , the largest correctional facility in the country , there is only one prisoner who has been convicted of child rape .
When asked about the details of his crime , 58 - year - old Alfred Brooks shuffles uncomfortably on the bench in the prison superintendent 's office , protesting his innocence .
But for a man who denies having sex with underage girls , Brooks had plenty to say about why men are drawn to them .
" The girls here make you have sex with them , " he says , simply .
" They entice you , they induce you . "
If young girls stopped going around " partly naked " , he adds , men might view them differently .
The minister of gender , Vabah Gayflor , concedes that the response to rape cases in Libera has been disappointing .
" We hope that something dramatic could happen where changes could come about so these young girls could have an opportunity to grow up in an environment where they can be safe , " she says .
But she stops short of suggesting what any of those changes might be .
As long as it is commonplace for Liberian children to be viewed as sexual objects , and for men to think they can take what they want from them with impunity , then the child rape problem will persist and grow .
Until the problem is properly addressed , the country cannot move forward : Liberia has little hope of escaping the horrors of the past while they are being revisited upon the very youngest members of Liberia 's next generation .
Unreported World , Liberia : Stolen Childhood , will be broadcast on Friday 16 October at 7.35 pm on Channel 4
Many households these days are finding it difficult to meet the end needs .
So the churches have come forward to help such low - income families in paying rent and bills .
These services comprise free food distribution , clothes , paying the home rent , paying utilities , and also some of them offer to provide medical facilities and shelter as well .
All that one has to do is find the nearest one from your location and check at what services are being provided by them .
The search could be done using the line churches that help with rent near me , Churches near me that help with rent & also Churches that help with Rent Assistance .
At ao few in several countries , emergency financial help is also given to single mothers or to less fortunate families and individuals .
Now , all that you have left to do is collect all the necessary information regarding the churches available and the kind of services being offered
In that particular one ’s .
So now let us have a general overview regarding the churches that are available out there that help with paying the rent .
The best place a person can go for financial help is the local church where they provide support services like counselling , advice , and also for any financial support .
The best part of such local churches is that though it has very limited funding the support that they intend to give will not be limited as they always look to providing the help with even the last drop of money available .
Catholic Charities
catholiccharitiesusa
It is the leading charity providing church across the globe .
As per the latest reports it has been observed that over 15 million people each year get benefited from this charity .
It has around 30,000 branches across the globe , thereby being available in almost nook and corner of the world .
This church provides Financial services like paying rent , bills , free food programs , clothes distribution , counselling sessions for people in need irrespective of Caste , Creed , and Complexion .
Thousands and millions of hot boxes , grocery boxes , and emergency boxes containing various food pantries , etc. are distributed among different communities .
Emergency housing services are the most useful feature of these churches .
People who are evicted or homeless can find shelter under this program .
This shelter program gives temporary help during which such a person can look for a permanent house for them to live .
Just that the person needs to meet the required criteria , and then the charity will be provided in the form of financial support .
Conditions to be followed for the church to provide financial support :
In order to prevent the disconnection of necessary services like electricity bill or water bill .
In the case of less heating oil or fuel , then you can ask for financial help .
For clothing school uniforms or work , uniform funds will be provided to you .
Medication bills will be provided but only in some specific areas .
The security deposits will be paid as the rental service if you face eviction .
Saint Vincent de Paul
Saint Vincent de Paul
Saint Vincent de Paul is the largest ongoing charity currently in the whole world .
There one and only motive is to provide social services and financial support to poor and needy families and individuals .
This is a Non-Profit Organization .
This church has unique and different ways of providing various general needs like food , medicine , gasoline , utilities , rent , and even transportation .
There are no restrictions as in providing the support , but due to the financial aspects of things , it may not be providing the services to everyone , but those who received will be receiving to the fullest .
The St. Vincent de Paul runs a proactive cell which takes care of the homeless people .
If you are facing any sort of trouble with finding the home , you can contact the nearest SSO , and they will find a way to help you out ,
Salvation Army
salvation - army - workers
Regardless of background , religion , income , or individual , you can face any sort of trouble at any time .
It can be anything from job loss to eviction .
The key factor of the Salvation Army is that it will provide you with any sort of help even to the basic to basic needs .
They are thriving in order to do their best in regards to providing free food support , emergency financial support , and also counselling sessions for people who are in need of one .
Also if you are in a new locality and finding a home to stay then do n’t worry as the Salvation army is available at any time and at any place to get you out of trouble .
Love INC
loveinc
Love INC has its own way of offering the services .
Its main objective is not towards providing the financial need like paying for rent or emergency bills .
But it offers in providing services like repairs and renovation to your home absolutely for free .
They also have tie-ups with churches that help with near me programs .
The services are provided in the following areas .
From baby food to holiday meals , including free groceries , everything will be given to the needy people .
Home repair such as floor repairing , Plumbing , colouring , etc .
House Rent , medical expenses , transportation charges will be given to the needy people .
Gifts during seasonal Programs like Christmas will be distributed among the poor .
Conclusion
Usually , the biggest trouble any low - income person or family faces is to meet the fixed payments every month like rent , water and electricity bills and any emergency bills which cannot be avoided and also do not change even if you are earning less or more .
Also these days anything can happen you may lose ur job or face a pay cut out of nowhere so in these situations by the churches helping you out this will remove a huge burden off the shoulders of a lot of low - income groups .
So all you got to do is search and look out for the churches that are offering the services that you are looking for in your neighbourhood and get the help you need for free without having to give anything in return .
So these are some of the organizations or churches that are willing to provide financial needs like paying for rent , and emergency bills .
So this program which has been started by the churches voluntarily has had a huge impact in the lives of the low - income group of families or individuals .
Powers originally given only to the police and police agencies to seize criminal assets are now being extended to councils and other public bodies , including the Royal Mail .
Once again , legal powers voted in to deal with terrorism and organised crime are being rolled out for use against minor offences .
The most famous example is the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 ( Ripa ) , which could originally only be used by nine organisations ( such as the police and security services ) .
It can now be applied by over 800 public bodies .
After mission creep , ministers have invented mission gallop .
As a result , highly intrusive techniques are now routinely used to spy on ordinary people , their children , their pets and their bins .
The government is at it again .
The " Al Capone powers " within the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 were designed to claw back the money and assets accrued by Mr Bigs and deprive them of a luxury lifestyle funded by a lifetime of criminality .
Now these rights to search homes , seize cash , freeze bank accounts and confiscate property will be used by civilian officials from town halls and bodies as diverse as Transport for London and the Gambling Commission .
Intrusive powers designed for the fight against terrorism and organised crime could now be used to seize property from fare evaders and those in arrears on council tax .
This is a step too far .
You do n't need Al Capone powers to tackle the Artful Dodger .
The Police Federation has led the opposition to the extension of these draconian powers .
It is right to suggest that such intrusive powers should be left in the well - trained hands of warranted officers and law enforcement bodies .
I agree .
I see no good reason why the current system , where these bodies have to seek the authorisation and involvement of the police to access recovery powers , has to be dismantled .
I fear that the move has less to do with fighting crime and freeing up police time , as the Home Office claims , and more to do with meeting targets .
The government wants to seize £ 1bn of assets a year after 2010 , which looks a stiff target when just £ 137 m was confiscated last year .
The lack of success so far is partly because the law has found it difficult to tackle ringleaders .
The BBC's Panorama found that £ 60 m of assets had been frozen in three years , but the authorities succeeded in taking back only £ 6 m .
The act has increasingly been used to seize the assets of minor offenders .
The government 's decision to hand over invasive powers to a plethora of organisations was made without public consultation or parliamentary scrutiny .
As with Ripa , the sweeping extension is being made through statutory instrument , which is not normally subject to debate .
My Liberal Democrat colleagues and I have had to table a motion in parliament to attempt to even have the changes debated in committee .
Sadly , there is no guarantee that this will even happen .
This back - door extension of asset - seizing powers is exactly what we have seen before with the creep of surveillance and counter - terrorism powers .
It is becoming increasingly hard to believe that any laws the government pass in the name of fighting terrorism and crime will not soon be used against ordinary people by officials working in town halls and quangos .
The most serious invasions of individual privacy by the state must be reserved for the most serious matters and handled by our most serious bodies .
House Republicans Introduce Resolution to Commemorate 9/12 March
Created : October 27 , 2009 11:10 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Republican Study Committee Chairman Rep. Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) today introduced — along with 75 other Republicans — a resolution to officially commemorate the 9/12 taxpayer march on Washington .
Other sponsors of H.R. 870 include Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minn. ) , Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa . ) , and Rep. Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , the party ’s whip .
The odds of passage –which would demand that Democrats endorse bill language about “ skyrocketing deficits , taxpayer - funded bailouts , pork - barrel projects , burdensome taxes , unaccountable policy czars , command - and - control energy policy , and a government takeover of health care ” –seem slim .
The full resolution is after the jump .
RESOLUTION
Expressing gratitude and appreciation to the individuals and families who participated in the Taxpayer March on Washington on September 12 , 2009 .
Whereas , on September 12 , 2009 , hundreds of thousands of American patriots , who refuse to sit idly by as the Federal Government advances skyrocketing deficits , taxpayer - funded bailouts , pork - barrel projects , burdensome taxes , unaccountable policy czars , command - and - control energy policy , and a government takeover of health care , came to Washington , DC , to show their disapproval ;
Whereas individuals also wanted to convey their displeasure with the future tax increases that will be required to pay for deficit - financed spending ;
Whereas these individuals understand that the fundamental American principles of limited government and personal liberty are under direct assault ;
Whereas this dedicated group of freedom - loving Americans believe in open , accountable , responsible , constitutionally based government ;
Whereas hundreds of buses , multiple caravans of cars from across the country , and many individually chartered flights , as well as thousands of lone - traveling cars and trucks , brought these patriots to Washington , DC , solely for this event ;
Whereas these individuals endured considerable personal expense to get to the march , including transportation and lodging expenses , as well as lost wages in many instances ;
Whereas estimates of the number of people who peacefully marched from Freedom Plaza to the West Front of the U.S. Capitol on September 12 , 2009 , range as high as 1,700,000 marchers ;
Whereas all 50 States were represented in the march ;
Whereas this event is considered to be the largest ever gathering of fiscal conservatives in Washington , DC ;
Whereas special accolades are due to the grassroots citizens organizations across the country who helped individuals exercise their constitutionally protected First Amendment rights in the Nation ’s capital ; and
Whereas when the current trends of government expansion and freedom retrenchment are reversed , it will be due in large part to the efforts of the hundreds of thousands who marched on Washington , DC , on September 12 , 2009 : Now , therefore , be it
It all started with a leaky faucet .
James
Love is a fit- looking man , but he was born with sickle cell anemia -- recently it 's gotten so bad he 's suffered from chronic renal failure .
He needed kidney dialysis three times a week .
Out of work and on disability , he 'd recently moved with his wife and their six children to a rental home in Sleepy Hollow , Illinois .
But on one eventful day , all he wanted was to stop the constant drip - drip - drip from the bathroom .
So his wife spoke with their landlord , Barbara Thomas .
Thomas fixed the faucet .
Then she gave him a new kidney .
Seriously .
" My friend , she 's now my sister , Miss Barbara Thomas , " Love said .
" She 's just a wonderful lady .
She 's a wonderful lady . "
But Love did n't believe her at first .
Plenty of people are quick to offer their kidneys , James says , but very few follow through with the donation .
Plus , his O - negative blood type is rare .
Only one in 16 people in the United States have it , according to the Stanford School of Medicine .
While living on dialysis for three years , James had watched 11 people in his situation die .
And although one of Love 's children and Thomas 's son had been friends for years , the two parents had never met before he moved in last December .
But Thomas was determined .
“ I had to ask him three or four times for the information on how to get tested , ” said Thomas who , in addition to her landlord duties , works full - time as a legal secretary in Chicago .
“ I do n’t think he believed I would really do it . ”
But she did it almost nonchalantly .
" It was like I heard a voice saying in my head , ' It is you . '
I did n't really think about it .
I just did it . "
Thomas , who just came home from the Loyola Medical Center in Maywood , says she ’s still sore .
She ’s taking a six - week unpaid leave of absence to recover .
Love is coming off his IV this week , and should go home thereafter .
" All I just know , I had to trust God , " Love said .
" God will make a way for me to get a kidney .
I do n't want to put it off on somebody and say , ' Well , this person did n't get tested , ' or ' This person , you know , drew back , ' because the people that I 'm surrounded with , they all love me .
I have no doubt about that . "
For her part , Thomas is not stopping with just one donation .
Taking over a small fundraising operation James started called " Heal With Love , " Barbara filed for 501c non-profit status and she plans to start helping other families with medical bills associated with kidney transplants soon .
That 's just what this landlord does : helps families , one leaky faucet -- and failing kidney -- at a time ..
Hunt for bin Laden a daunting task
CIA Director George Tenet said Wednesday that messages from terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden are usually followed by terrorist attacks .
So the audiotape released Tuesday that reportedly contains bin Laden 's voice is under close examination , as U.S. officials listen for possible clues about a pending assault .
Bin Laden has been on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list for years .
But catching him has posed a major challenge for the U.S. Six days after the September 11 attacks , President Bush said he wanted bin Laden brought to justice .
" There 's an old poster out west , as I recall , that said , ' Wanted : Dead or Alive ' , " Bush said .
But 16 months later , bin Laden is believed to be the voice on a new tape , and many are wondering what the U.S. is doing to catch him .
Bob Baer , a former CIA field officer , said that " the Pentagon and the CIA have limited resources , " and that the organizations are " not geared up to fight two wars in the Middle East . "
Catching bin Laden is a very different job from removing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein from power - another major focus of U.S. officials .
In Afghanistan , 10,000 U.S. military troops work mainly to gather intelligence on bin Laden 's al Qaeda network .
But 150,000 are being assembled for a possible war in Iraq .
RELATED  CNN.com : Administration : Prepare , do n't panic  CNN.com : Tenet : Past bin Laden messages followed by attacks The White House Though law enforcement officials continue to pursue leads in their search for bin Laden , the act of catching him could cost many American lives .
The U.S. has never sent a large armed force into the anti-American tribal region along the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan , and it is in that location that bin Laden may be hiding .
Baer , who has run CIA operations in the area , says searching there would require 150,000 troops .
And in terms of the risk , Baer says he thinks the cost " would be horrendous ...
Going into a full - fledged war in Afghanistan and the tribal areas of Pakistan would draw us into a swamp ... "
Bin Laden remains surrounded by his allies who shelter him from being caught .
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said , " There have been people on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted for decades .
There have been people all over the globe .
A manhunt is a manhunt ; it 's a big world . "
But military leaders think they will eventually catch bin Laden .
" Somebody 's going to give him up , if he 's not already dead , " said General Michael DeLong of the U.S. Central Command .
Rumsfeld said the Pentagon is not distracted by the standoff with Iraq in its manhunt for Osama bin Laden .
But the latest tape attributed to the al Qaeda leader has the Bush administration worried that another terrorist attack may be coming .
The U.S. State Department is offering as much as $ 25 million for information leading to bin Laden 's capture or conviction .
Airline organizations are throwing in an additional $ 2 million , which brings the total reward to $ 27 million for bin Laden .
I 've worked in enough offices to recall the temptation of copy machines .
" Come here , you bad girl !
Use me ! " they 'd shout , but I 'd remain firm in my sensibilities , unlike these office hussies .
But let 's at least learn something from them .
There are dozens and dozens of pictures of tits and arses shamelessly pressed against copy machine glass over at Vice , but I 've sifted through them to pick out some prime examples of office pornography and the nine corresponding basic lessons about life .
Advertisement
Now that I 've shown you a few lessons found in this copy machine mischief , go see the rest of the photos at Vice .
I want a report of what else you learn on my desk by tomorrow .
[ Vice —
Thanks , Joel ! ]
Methane is a greenhouse gas 25 times more potent than carbon dioxide , so when it 's leaking by the ton , it 's a $ 50 billion problem .
The New York Times described the phenomenon of methane leakage in a recent article which raised questions about the true costs of this waste .
The EPA estimates that 3 trillion cubic feet of the invisible gas unintentionally escape into the atmosphere each year from patchy gas and oil wells , pipelines , and tanks .
This accidental loss alone is equivalent to about half of the global warming power of all U.S. coal power plants emissions .
That is the same climate impact of a quarter billion cars .
Roger Peilke Jr. , professor of environmental studies at the Center for Science and Technology Policy Research at the University of Colorado at Boulder , does an admirable job of estimating the commercial value cost of leaking methane at $ 24 billion .
But there is more to the story — the cost to society of this methane leakage adds up to a much higher number .
Methane , like CO2 , carries a social cost which must be accounted for — each ton emitted into the atmosphere exacts a toll .
Weather variability will threaten crops ; rising sea levels will submerge coastal lands ; insurance premiums will rise as more homes are at risk of flooding and fires .
As global warming worsens , these costs will become sharper , causing economic pain across the globe .
Though no one benefits from leaking methane , we all pay for its effect on our climate .
Recently , the Department of Energy used a conservative estimate , $ 19 , to price out the cost to society of a ton of CO2 emissions .
Knowing that , and the fact that methane is 25 times as potent as carbon dioxide , we can do some simple multiplication and determine that the social cost of leaky methane hovers around $ 29 billion annually .
This is in addition to Professor Peilke 's commercial value lost , bringing the grand total to over $ 50 billion .
The irony here is — no one benefits from these leaks .
Companies certainly do n't profit from the lost revenue .
So if no one benefits , and we will be charged $ 50 billion for the privilege , why not enforce monitoring and sealing of these leaks ?
As the Times noted , next year Japan will release data from the Gosat satellite which will most likely show hot spots of methane gas pouring into the skies from the worst offenders : Russia , the United States , Ukraine , and Mexico .
We 'll be confronted with the images of our total emissions of this global warming gas , and it 's probably not a pretty picture .
Leaky methane is only part of the overall problem , but the cost - benefit analysis on fixing it is a no -brainer .
There is also a larger lesson to be learned here : our actions have consequences , and some cost more money than others .
If we really want to spew methane into the atmosphere in a wasteful and unnecessary way , we must be prepared to pay the price — in this case , over $ 50 billion .
And if we want to continue to rely on dirty coal power plants to generate our electricity , we must be prepared to pay that bill as well — one that is at least $ 120 billion per year ( not even including climate change costs ) .
And if we refuse to invest in controls on our heat - trapping emissions , then we should realize we are likely making a bad bet , one that could wreak havoc on American and global economies .
The Closure Library makes use of theinheritance pattern , which is particularly compelling when used with the Closure Compiler .
Those of you who have read JavaScript : The Good Parts by Douglas Crockford may use thefor inheritance that he espouses .
Crockford appears to object to the pseudoclassical pattern because : " There is no privacy ; all properties are public .
There is no access to super methods ...
Even worse , there is a serious hazard with the use of constructor functions .
If you forget to use the new prefix when calling a constructor function , then this will not be bound to a new object ... There is no compile warning , and there is no runtime warning . "
This article discusses the advantages of the pseudoclassical pattern over the functional pattern .
I argue that the pattern used by the Closure Library paired with the Closure Compiler removes existing hazards while I also examine the hazards introduced by the functional pattern ( as defined in The Good Parts ) .
First let me demonstrate what I mean by the functional pattern .
Example of the functional pattern
phone
smartPhone
var phone = function ( spec ) { var that = {} ; that .getPhoneNumber = function ( ) { return spec.phoneNumber ; } ; that .getDescription = function ( ) { return " This is a phone that can make calls . " ; } ; return that ; } ; var smartPhone = function ( spec ) { var that = phone ( spec ) ; spec.signature = spec.signature || " sent from " + that.getPhoneNumber ( ) ; that .sendEmail = function ( emailAddress , message ) { // Assume sendMessage ( ) is globally available .
sendMessage ( emailAddress , message + "
" + spec.signature ) ; } ; var super_getDescription = that .superior ( " getDescription " ) ; that .getDescription = function ( ) { return super_getDescription ( ) + "
It can also send email messages . " ; } ; return that ; } ;
var my Phone = phone ( {" phoneNumber " : " 8675309 " } ) ; var mySmartPhone = smartPhone ( {" phoneNumber " : " 5555555 " , " signature " : " Adios " } ) ; mySmartPhone.sendEmail (" noone@example.com " , " I can send email from my phone ! " ) ;
Example of the pseudoclassical pattern
goog.provide (' Phone ' ) ; goog.provide (' SmartPhone ' ) ; /** * @param { string} phoneNumber * @constructor */ Phone = function ( phoneNumber ) { /** * @type {string} * @private */ this .phoneNumber_ = phoneNumber ; } ; /** @return { string} */ Phone.prototype.getPhoneNumber = function ( ) { return this .
phoneNumber_ ; } ; /** @return { string} */ Phone.prototype.getDescription = function ( ) { return ' This is a phone that can make calls . ' ; } ; /** * @param { string} phoneNumber * @param { string=} signature * @constructor * @extends { Phone} */ SmartPhone = function ( phoneNumber , signature ) { Phone.call ( this , phoneNumber ) ; /** * @type {string} * @private */ this .signature_ = signature || ' sent from ' + this.getPhoneNumber ( ) ; } ; goog.inherits ( SmartPhone , Phone ) ; /** * @param {string} emailAddress * @param { string} message */ SmartPhone.prototype.sendEmail = function ( emailAddress , message ) { // Assume sendMessage ( ) is globally available .
sendMessage ( emailAddress , message + '
' + this.signature_ ) ; } ; /** @override */ SmartPhone.prototype.getDescription = function ( ) { return SmartPhone.superClass_.getDescription.call( this ) + '
It can also send email messages . ' ; } ;
goog.require (' Phone ' ) ; goog.require ( ' SmartPhone ' ) ; var phone = new Phone ( ' 8675309 ' ) ; var smartPhone = new SmartPhone ( ' 5555555 ' , ' Adios'} ; smartPhone.sendEmail('noone@example.com ' , ' I can send email from my phone ! ' ) ;
Drawbacks to the functional pattern
Instances of types take up more memory
phone ( )
The following is an example in the style of the functional pattern for inheritance as explained in Douglas Crockford's .
It contains the definition for atype as well as a subtypeInstances of each of these types could be created and used as follows :
Here is the same logic as the previous example , only written using Closure 's style and coding conventions .
Similarly , here is an example of how these types could be used :
Every timeis called , two new functions are created ( one per method of the type ) .
Each time , the functions are basically the same , but they are bound to different values .
These functions are not cheap because each is a closure that maintains a reference for every named variable in the enclosing function in which the closure was defined .
This may inadvertently prevent objects from being garbage collected , causing a memory leak .
The Closure Library defines goog . bind ( ) and goog .
partial ( ) in base .js to make it easier to create closures that only maintain the references they need , making it possible for other references to be removed when the enclosing function exits .
This is not a concern when Phone ( ) is called because of how it takes advantage of prototype - based inheritance .
Each method is defined once on Phone . prototype and is therefore available to every instance of Phone .
This limits the number of function objects that are created and does not run the risk of leaking memory .
Methods cannot be inlined
// phone1 and phone2 are of type Phone var caller = phone1.getPhoneNumber ( ) ; var receiver = phone2.getPhoneNumber ( ) ; operator.createConnection( caller , receiver ) ;
operator.createConnection(caller.phoneNumber_ , receiver.phoneNumber_ ) ;
Superclass methods cannot be renamed ( or will be renamed incorrectly )
When possible , the Compiler will inline methods , such as simple getters .
This can reduce code size as well as improve runtime performance .
Because the methods in the functional pattern are often bound to variables that cannot be referenced externally , there is no way for the Compiler to rewrite method calls in such a way that eliminates the method dispatch .
By comparison , the following code snippet : could be rewritten to the following by the Compiler : When the Closure Compiler is cranked up to 11 , one of the heuristics it uses for renaming is that any property that is not accessed via a quoted string is allowed to be renamed , and the Compiler will do its best to rename it .
All quoted strings will be left alone .
It is not required to use the Compiler with this aggressive setting , but the potential reduction in code size is too big to ignore .
From the phone example , getDescription is used both as a property defined on that and as a string literal passed to that .
superior ( ) .
If aggressive renaming were turned on in the Compiler , getDescription would have to be used as a quoted string throughout the codebase so that it did not get renamed .
( It could also be declared as an extern , which is what prevents built - in method names , such as toString ( ) from being renamed , but because there is no function to associated the method with , it would have to be declared as an extern on Object .
prototype . )
Remembering to refer to it via a string literal throughout the codebase is a bear and precludes the benefits of aggressive renaming .
( To be fair , some of the constructs in the candidate spec for EcmaScript 5 , such as Object.defineProperty ( ) , have similar issues .
The solution will likely be to add logic to the Compiler to treat Object.defineProperty ( ) in a special way .
The same could be done for superior ( ) if one were so motivated . )
Types cannot be tested using instanceof
instanceof
phone
smartPhone
Because there is no function to use as the constructor , there is no appropriate argument to use with the right side of theoperator to test whether an object is aor a .
Because it is common for a function to accept multiple types in JavaScript , it is important to have some way to discern the type of the argument that was passed in .
An alternative would be to test for properties that the desired type in question may have , such as :
if ( arg.sendEmail ) { // implies arg is a mobilePhone , do mobilePhone things }
sendEmail
arg
mobilePhone
desktopComputer
sendEmail
if ( arg instanceof MobilePhone )
Encourages adding properties to Function .
prototype and Object.
prototype
Function.prototype.method
Object.method
superior
Object.prototype
There are two problems with this solution .
The first is that checking for theproperty is only a heuristic -- it does not guarantee thatis a .
Perhaps there is also a type calledthat also has amethod that would also satisfy the above test .
The second problem is that this code is not self - documenting .
If the conditional checked , it would be much clearer what was being tested .
In Chapter 4 of , Crockford introducesand uses it in Chapter 5 viato add a property namedtoto aid in creating superclass methods .
Adding properties to fundamental prototypes makes it harder for your code to play nicely with other JavaScript libraries on the page if both libraries modify prototypes in conflicting ways .
The Google Maps team learned this the hard way when they decided to add convenience methods to Array .
prototype , such as insertAt ( incidentally , this is exactly what Crockford does in Chapter 6 ) .
It turned out that many web developers were using for ( var i in array ) to iterate over the elements of an array ( as opposed to using for ( var i = 0 ; i < array.
length ; i++ ) as they should have been ) .
The for ( var i in array ) syntax includes properties added to Array .
prototype as values of i , so bringing in the Google Maps library would break the code on those web pages .
Rather than trying to change web developers ' habits , the Maps team changed their library .
It is for reasons such as these that array.js in Closure is a collection of array utility functions that take an array as their first argument rather than a collection of modifications to Array .
prototype .
For those of you who do not own Crockford 's book , here is the code in question .
Try running the following and see what happens :
// From Chapter 4 . Function.prototype.method = function ( name , func ) { this .prototype[name ] = func ; return this ; } ; // From Chapter 5 . Object.method (' superior ' , function ( name ) { var that = this , method = that [ name ] ; return function ( ) { return method.apply ( that , arguments ) ; } ; } ) ; // Create a new object literal .
var obj = { " one " : 1 , " two " : 2 } ; // Enumerate the properties of obj. for ( var property in obj ) alert ( property ) ;
obj
one
two
superior
superior
Makes it impossible to update all instances of a type
Instead of enumerating two properties in , three are listed : , and .
Now every object literal in your program will also have a property named .
Though it may be handy for objects that represent classes , it is inappropriate for ordinary record types .
In the Closure model , it would be possible to add a field or method to all instances of a type at any point in the program by adding a property to the function constructor 's prototype .
This is simply not possible in the functional model .
Although this may seem like a minor point , it can be extremely useful when developing or debugging a system to redefine a method on the fly ( by using a REPL such as Chickenfoot or the Firebug console ) .
This makes it possible to put probes into a running system rather than having to refresh the entire web page to load changes .
Naming newly created objects is awkward
var phone = new Phone ( '8675309 ' ) ;
function callJenny ( ) { var phone = phone ( '8675309 ' ) ; makeCall( phone.getPhoneNumber ( ) ) ; }
phone
phone ( )
callJenny ( )
phone
undefined
' 8675209 '
my
Results in an extra level of indentation
Potential objections to the pesudoclassical pattern
Wo n't horrible things happen if I forget the new operator ?
@constructor
new
new
Did n't Crockford also say I would n't have access to super methods ?
superClass_
goog.inherits ( SmartPhone , Phone )
super_getDescription
Wo n't all of the object 's properties be public ?
@private
Wo n't declaring SomeClass .
prototype for each method and field of SomeClass waste bytes ?
SomeClass.prototype
SomeClass.prototype = { getFoo : function ( ) { return this .
foo_ ; } , setFoo : function ( foo ) { this .
foo_ = foo ; } , toString : function ( ) { return '< foo : ' + this.getFoo( ) + '>' ; } } ;
I do n't need static checks -- my tests will catch all of my errors !
This may be more of a personal preference , but the " capitalize constructor functions " convention makes it fairly intuitive to name a newly created object .
From the pseudoclassical example , we have : where the name of the variable matches that of the constructor , but has a lowercase letter .
If the same thing were done in the functional case , it could cause an error :
Here the local variableshadows the function , sowill throw an error when called becauseis bound towhen it is applied to .
Because of this , it is common to add an arbitrary prefix , such as , to the variable name for newly created objects when using the functional pattern .
Again , this may be more of a personal preference , but requiring the entire class to be defined within a function means that everything ends up being indented one level deeper than it would be when using the Closure paradigm .
I concede that this is how things are done in Java , and C# even suggests adding an extra level of depth for good measure with its namespaces , so maybe there 's some prize for hitting the tab key a lot that no one told me about .
Regardless , if you have ever worked someplace ( like Google ) where 80 - character line limits are enforced , it 's nice to avoid line - wrapping where you can .
If a function with theannotation is called without theoperator , the Closure Compiler will emit an error .
( Likewise , if theoperator is used with a function that does not have the annotation , it will also throw an error . )
Crockford 's objection that there is no compile - time warning no longer holds !
( I find this odd because Crockford could have created his own annotation with an identical check in JSLint . )
Yes , but as the example above demonstrates , a super class 's methods are accessible via theproperty added to a constructor function .
This property is added as a side - effect of calling .
Unlike the functional example with , super class accessors do not need to be explicitly created in Closure .
It depends on what you mean by " public . "
All fields and methods of an object marked with theannotation will be private in the sense that the Compiler can be configured to reject the input if a private property is being accessed outside of its class .
So long as all of the JavaScript in your page is compiled together , the Compiler should preclude any code paths that would expose private data .
Not really .
The Compiler will create a temporary variable forand reuse it .
As the Compiler works today , it is admittedly most compact to write things in the following style :
However this style has some drawbacks .
Doing the above introduces an extra level of indenting and makes reordering methods more tedious because extra care is required to ensure that the last property declared does not have a trailing comma and that all of the other properties do .
I think that it is reasonable to expect the Compiler to produce output more similar to the above in the future , but that the recommended input will continue to match the style exemplified in the pseudoclassical example Let 's be honest -- do you write tests ?
And if you are writing tests , how much confidence are they giving you about your code 's correctness ?
As I 've discussed previously , existing tools for testing web applications make it difficult to write thorough tests .
So even if you have taken the time to write tests , it is unlikely that they exercise all of your code .
( Lack of good tools for measuring code coverage by JavaScript tests contributes to the problem . )
By comparision , the Closure Compiler examines your entire program and provides many compile - time checks that can help you find errors before running your code .
If Douglas Crockford claims that JSLint will hurt your feelings , then the Closure Compiler will put you into therapy .
" I never knew how sloppy my JavaScript was until I started using the Closure Compiler .
Good grief ! "
By Graham Milner
Lenin stands out as one of the unquestionably great personalities of 20th century history .
Yet such has been the impact of this man on the course of history in this century that his life and ideas have often become the subject of either the most vicious distortion or the most abject and craven cult - worship .
Lenin is said to have requested that no great fuss be made in commemorating his death , and that no personality cult be allowed to develop around him .
[ 1 ]
Lenin recognised that tendency that turns the most revolutionary figures , after their deaths , into harmless icons -- to be worshipped , while their ideas are ignored .
[ 2 ]
He had seen Marx 's legacy treated in this way by leading ``Marxists '' in the Second International , and had spent most of the latter part ( and a good deal of the former part ) of his political life fighting the disastrous consequences of this tendency for the socialist movement .
Lenin's ``successors '' in the Kremlin repeated the errors of Second International 's Eduard Bernstein and Karl Kautsky .
Each May Day parade in Moscow , the Soviet hierarchs stood atop Lenin 's mausoleum , like pygmies .
The greater were Lenin 's praises sung , the wider grew the gap between the practice and the prattle of the Soviet bureaucrats .
On the other side of the Cold War divide , distortion and denigration called the tune .
Although the published output on Lenin and the Communist movement is nothing short of staggering , there is still no really satisfactory , full - scale study of Lenin 's life . [ 3 ]
Yet attempts have been made , freed from the constricting prejudices of the Cold War or of Soviet eulogising and idolatry , to tackle the subject afresh . [ 4 ]
Creative Marxism has played , and will in all likelihood continue to play , an indispensable part in this , for Lenin perhaps more than any other great figure of history succeeded in moulding his personality to fit the tasks posed by the epoch .
Thus he provides an ideal subject for the materialist conception of history and biography . [ 5 ]
Early years
Lenin was born Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov in 1870 , into a family of provincial Russian lesser nobility . [ 6 ]
He did well at school and entered the University of Kazan in 1887 .
His older brother Alexander had been implicated in a plot against the tsar 's life earlier that year .
Some biographers have seen Lenin 's involvement in radical politics from his earliest days at university , and his later political evolution , as a direct consequence of his brother 's execution . [ 7 ]
However , as the detailed study by Tony Cliff demonstrates , the young man spent some years in Samara after suspension from the university , and during this time his political views only slowly crystallised .
[ 8 ]
Lenin 's character and convictions arguably may be said to have been largely formed by the time he reached the age of 23 . [ 9 ]
At the time of Lenin 's first contact with the Russian revolutionary movement , several distinct conflicting tendencies had emerged within it .
The dominant strain in the movement in the early 1890s was still Narodnik populism , which traced its descent from the long , peasant - based radical tradition of the earlier 19th century .
Some strains of Russian populism based their semi-socialist ideas upon the potentialities of the peasant village commune or ``mir '' ; claiming that this institution , which some claimed dated from pre-feudal times , could provide the vehicle for a direct transition from feudalism to socialism .
Thus the horrors of industrialisation , which had attended the growth of capitalism in Western Europe , could be avoided in Russia . [ 10 ]
A Marxist social - democratic current had emerged under the leadership of Georgi Plekhanov in the 1880s that disputed the populist schema , and proclaimed the inevitability of a capitalist stage in the next period of Russian social and economic development .
The task of the revolutionary movement was seen as aiding this process by working towards a revolution on the French model that would give rise to a bourgeois - democratic republic .
Only after an indefinite period of capitalist development would the new urban working class grow sufficiently strong to seize power in its turn , and establish the foundations of socialism . [ 11 ]
Not surprisingly , this assessment provided sustenance to a variant of the Russian liberal movement : ``Legal Marxism '' , which supported the Marxist position only to the extent that it called for the extension of capitalism as a progressive social formation under Russian conditions . [ 12 ]
The continued growth of capitalist socioeconomic relations in the 1890s , particularly in agriculture , emphasised the general veracity of the Marxist prognosis . [ 13 ]
Lenin becomes a Marxist
It was during the period of isolation after his expulsion from Kazan University that Lenin studied Marx and eventually became a Marxist .
In the autumn of 1893 Lenin left Samara for St. Petersburg and joined an underground social - democratic circle called the ``Elders ' ' . [ 14 ]
In this city a large industrial proletariat had already begun to concentrate , and it was here that Lenin made his own contribution to the debate with populism :
What the Friends of the People Are and How They Fight the Social Democrats , a polemical tract , was published in 1895 . [ 15 ]
Lenin read Peter Struve 's Critical Notes on the Economic Development of Russia -- a work in the Legal Marxist tradition , and was severely critical of its departure from orthodox Marxism . [ 16 ]
After a trip abroad in 1895 , during which he met leading Russian and Western Marxists , including Plekhanov , Pavel Axelrod and Paul Lafargue , Lenin returned to St. Petersburg . [ 17 ]
Shortly thereafter he was arrested with his friend and compatriot Julius Martov , imprisoned , and later exiled to Siberia . [ 18 ]
During his imprisonment , Lenin continued to play a significant role in the activities of the newly founded St. Petersburg group , the League for the Emancipation of the Working Class , and also began work on his large - scale treatise The Development of Capitalism in Russia . [ 19 ]
During the final year of his three - year term of exile Lenin developed the ambitious plan which he later elaborated in What Is to Be Done ?.
He proposed the establishment of an official social - democratic newspaper outside Russia .
This central organ would be no ordinary publication , but would direct from abroad Marxist political action throughout Russia . [ 20 ]
Lenin had always retained the greatest respect for the traditions of the earlier Russian revolutionaries .
While rejecting their premises , he respected the courage , devotion and organisational skill in the underground work that the revolutionary terrorists had demonstrated .
In formulating plans for the building of an underground , illegal movement in an absolutist state like Russia , Lenin drew upon the heritage in tactical skill of the social - democratic movement 's predecessors . [ 21 ]
Iskra
After his term of exile had expired , Lenin left Russia with the aim of putting these plans for an all - Russian newspaper into effect .
Named Iskra -- the Spark -- the first issue rolled off a secret German Social Democratic Party press in Leipzig in December 1900 . [ 22 ]
This paper became the fountainhead of the Russian Social Democratic movement .
Lenin was a driving force on the Iskra editorial board , and soon personal and political clashes developed between himself and the other , younger members of the board -- Martov and Potresov , on the one hand , and the more senior comrades -- Plekhanov , Axelrod and Vera Zasulich , on the other . [ 23 ]
Iskra waged implacable war against revisionist tendencies , particularly ``Economism '' , a current within the Social Democratic movement that sought to reduce the dimensions of the working - class struggle to narrow trade unionism , abdicating the political fight and leaving it to the liberals . [ 24 ]
What Is to Be Done ?
Lenin's pamphlet What Is to Be Done ? ( 1902 ) took the form of a polemic against Economist ideology , while also attacking Eduard Bernstein 's revisionist conceptions and drawing the links between the two tendencies .
Many of the principal features of ``Leninism '' are to be found within the pages of this work .
The dialectic of spontaneity and organisation ; of mass action and the role of theory and program , runs like a red thread through What Is to Be Done ?.
The idea expressed in the famous passage : ``the history of all countries shows that the working class , exclusively by its own effort , is able to develop only trade union consciousness '' , [ 25 ] i.e. the necessity for socialist consciousness to be brought to the proletariat from ``without '' , is not specifically Leninist : in fact Lenin derived the notion from Friedrich Engels and Karl Kautsky . [ 26 ]
Yet perhaps Lenin gave this concept more forceful expression than other Marxists of the time ; certainly none of the other Iskraites objected to any of the contents of What Is to Be Done ? at the time of its publication .
Only later , after the split in Russian Social Democracy , did Lenin 's Menshevik opponents berate him for the ``dictatorial '' implications they claimed were embedded in the organisational concepts sketched there .
These were centralist , yet Lenin 's insistance on the necessity for a strict centralism stemmed from the peculiar conditions of illegality imposed upon the Russian socialist movement , and the tactical application of the general principles of democratic centralism , where organisation was concerned , depended very largely upon concrete circumstances .
In 1905 , after the revolutionary upsurge had won a number of democratic concessions from the tsarist regime , Lenin relaxed the stress on centralism in accordance with the new conditions , and placed corresponding emphasis on the democratic aspect . [ 27 ]
Lenin 's organisational formula was in fact a brilliant resolution to the problem of reconciling inevitable internal political differences with the need for unity in action .
The existence of tendencies and factions was sanctioned at all times in Lenin 's party until the ban on factions ( conceived as temporary ) in 1921 . [ 28 ]
The familiar picture of a despotic internal regime under Leninist organisational practices stems , in large part , from its mis-identification with the Stalinist practices of ``bureaucratic centralism ' ' . [ 29 ]
` Bolsheviks ' and ` Mensheviks '
The Second Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party ( RSDLP ) in 1903 was marked by a deep - going split which was to lead to a permanent fracture of the movement into two major , separate tendencies . [ 30 ]
The differences between the two tendencies that emerged ( ``Bolsheviks ' ' and ``Mensheviks '' ) were not programmatically clarified at the congress , and even later the differences were often perpetuated on the basis of attitudes ( ``hard ' ' versus ``soft '' ) rather than on the basis of firm principles .
Nevertheless , some basic divergences seem clear .
The first deep - going divisions had occurred over the question of party membership requirements and statutes .
Lenin insisted that a formula put forward by Martov was too loose .
Martov 's formulation required a member only to work ``under the guidance '' of one of the party 's organisations , while Lenin 's own conception demanded that a member should be obliged to personally participate in one of its organisations . [ 31 ]
Perhaps it was no coincidence that all the delegates who came to the congress from Russia , where they had been working illegally , supported Lenin . [ 32 ]
Differences could also be detected over the party 's attitude to liberalism ; the Mensheviks were far less antagonistic to the liberal bourgeoisie than Lenin 's group -- and this distinction in attitudes was to become much clearer during and after the 1905 Revolution .
Lenin , supported by Plekhanov , gained a majority on most of the important issues before the congress , but the results of the democratic decision - making process were overthrown after the congress when Plekhanov deserted to the minority . [ 33 ]
Lenin resigned from the Iskra editorial board in disgust .
In One Step Forward , Two Steps Back he defended his actions at the congress , providing there a good outline of his organisational conceptions .
Leon Trotsky , who had prior to the 1903 congress generally supported Lenin , tended during the congress to support the Martov faction , and afterwards attempted repeatedly to reconcile the two sides within the movement . [ 34 ]
Lenin suffered a bout of nervous exhaustion as a consequence of the bitter wrangling during the congress and its aftermath . [ 35 ]
Having collected together a group of cadre who supported the Bolshevik position , he went on to publish a new Social - Democratic newspaper named Vperyod ( Forward ) . [ 36 ]
1905 Revolution
In February 1904 the tsarist regime blundered into war with Japan .
The relationship of forces between the two states : the Russian Empire -- a decrepit , creaking absolutism -- and Japan -- rapidly modernising and relatively highly industrialised -- was soon exposed . [ 37 ]
After the Russian capitulation at Port Arthur , which marked the defeat of the tsarist state , an immense revolutionary upheaval convulsed Russia .
Dating from ``Bloody Sunday '' January 22 , 1905 ( January 9 in the calendar then in use in Russia ) , on which day a peaceful procession of St. Petersburg workers had approached the Winter Palace and was fired upon by tsarist troops , the movement erupted into mass strikes and peasant land seizures across Russia . [ 38 ]
In October that year , the world 's first ``soviet '' ( council ) of workers ' deputies appeared , and elected Trotsky as its chairperson .
The Soviet acted during its brief life as an embryonic alternative government , representing the interests of the masses , and directed a general strike that threatened to bring down the tsarist regime . [ 39 ]
Lenin returned to Russis in November 1905 .
Attempting to coordinate an insurrection , Lenin found that the revolutionary tide had begun to ebb , and that the forces of organised social democracy were insufficiently large to significantly affect the course of events . [ 40 ]
Lenin 's views on the nature and course of the democratic revolution were developed fully in a pamphlet published the following year , entitled Two Tactics of Social Democracy in the Democratic Revolution . [ 41 ]
Here , Lenin drew from an understanding of the weak and vacillating character of the Russian bourgeoisie the necessity for a bourgeois - democratic revolution led by a coalition bedtween the advanced proletariat and layers of the oppressed peasantry :
The workers will not be intimidated either by the thought that reaction intends to be terrible , or that the bourgeoisie proposes to recoil .
The workers do not expect to make deals ; they are not asking for petty concessions .
What they are striving towards is ruthlessly to crush the reactionary forces : i.e. to set up a revolutionary - democratic dictatorship of the proletariat and the peasantry . [ 42 ]
In that same year of ebb in the revolutionary tide , Trotsky put the finishing touches to his conception of the revolutionary tasks facing the Russian proletariat .
Results and Prospects summed up his view of the lessons of the 1905 Revolution , postulating the necessity for a ``permanent revolution '' that would place the proletariat in power at the head of the oppressed masses , but which would also impel the proletariat to rapidly push beyond the bourgeois - democratic tasks , and implement socialist measures .
The Russian revolution could thus only be consummated through its extension to the advanced Western European countries .
This thoroughgoing internationalist notion was rejected by most tendencies in the Russian socialist movement until 1917 , when the experience of the imperialist war , the February Revolution and the ``dual power '' established by it , demonstrated its veracity . [ 43 ]
Although the events of 1905 were eventually to be looked back upon as a ``dress rehearsal '' for the greater revolutionary upheavals of 1917 , the years following this abortive revolution were marked by the blackest reaction and hopelessness .
Few of the concessions wrung from the tsarist autocracy proved lasting : the series of dumas ( representative assemblies ) which convened after 1905 were broadly unrepresentative and had no real power .
Notwithstanding this situation , the Bolsheviks stood candidates in all duma elections except for the 1905 poll , which was hurriedly organised by the tsarist regime to head off a developing mass upsurge .
Downturn
During these dark years of reaction the revolutionary movement withered and the mass movement subsided into dormancy .
Strikes grew less frequent ; only in 1912 did the movement pick up again . [ 46 ]
The intelligentsia lost interest in politics , while mystical currents flourished .
The organisations of the social - democratic movement declined in strength and membership .
Lenin in this period struggled against ``liquidationist '' currents that attempted to dissolve the party organisations of social democracy into the liberal swamp . [ 47 ]
The disillusionment and pessimism widespread among the Russian intelligentsia in the years of downturn in the mass movement was reflected inside the Bolshevik party .
A number of leading party intellectuals , including Alexander Bogdanov and Anatoly Lunacharsky , introduced neo-idealist and religious thought forms into the party . [ 48 ]
In order to combat these tendencies , Lenin applied himself to the study of philosophy , and in 1908 published Materialism and Empirio - Criticism , a large polemical treatise attacking the ``neo - Kantian '' school of Ernst Mach .
Some biographers and commentators have described this work as a crude , mechanical - materialist text that deliberately distorts the positions of its opponents . [ 49 ]
Louis Althusser has attempted to vindicate Lenin 's philosophical work , seeing Materialism and Empirio - Criticism as a major statement of some originality . [ 50 ]
Others have drawn a distinction between this earlier text and the Philosophical Notebooks of 1916 , which were written largely in the form of marginal comments on the works of leading philosophers , particularly Hegel , during Lenin 's stay in wartime Zurich . [ 51 ]
Split in the Second International
Lenin always took a great deal of interest in the affairs of the international socialist movement .
He was especially concerned by the development of revisionist and reformist tendencies within the movement .
He had a particularly high regard for the German Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) and its leaders , particularly Karl Kautsky , as the theoretical advance guard of the world movement . [ 52 ]
Lenin 's appraisal of Kautsky in the pre-war period was not as acute as Rosa Luxemburg's .
Luxemburg , a leader of the revolutionary internationalist wing of the SPD , worked closely with Kautsky and was much more aware of his vacillating centrism . [ 57 ]
Kautsky 's desertion of socialist principles in 1914 came as a deep shock to Lenin . [ 54 ]
The ominous threat of war hanging over Europe in the years before 1914 was a major cause of concern to the Second International .
Anti-war resolutions were carried at pre-war congresses : one of these , endorsed at the 1907 Stuttgart Congress , was given more teeth with an amendment by Lenin and Rosa Luxemburg :
Should war break out in spite of all this , it is their [ i.e. the socialist parties ' ] duty to intercede for its speedy end , and to strive with all their power to make use of the violent economic and political crisis brought about by the war to rouse the people , and thereby to hasten the abolition of capitalist class rule . [ 55 ]
The outbreak of war in 1914 found Lenin in Austrian Poland , where he was briefly imprisoned as a suspected spy . [ 56 ]
Lenin 's initial response to the news that the SPD and other socialist parties had voted for war credits was disbelief , followed by shock and disorientation .
Yet he recovered quickly and laid immediate plans for creating a new international . [ 57 ]
He declared the necessity for transforming the imperialist war into a civil war , a slogan that placed him on the far left of the then small number of anti-war socialists . [ 58 ]
Most of the other opponents of the war took a centrist - pacifist stance .
At the 1915 Zimmerwald and 1916 Kienthal anti-war conferences , in which Lenin played a central role , he emerged as a leader of international stature in the socialist movement .
The left - wing of the loose formation of anti-war socialists gathered at these conferences was effectively the nucleus of what was to become the Third or Communist International ( Comintern ) . [ 59 ]
Imperialism : the Highest Stage of Capitalism
Lenin was perhaps most isolated while in Zurich with his wife , Krupskaya , in 1916 .
Yet it was here that the final touches were put to the body of theory and organisational technique that would prove so decisive the following year , and during the early years of the Soviet republic and the Communist International .
During this year he researched and wrote the book Imperialism : the Highest Stage of Capitalism .
Although intended as no more than a popular outline , this booklet remains a significant contribution to its subject , perhaps not so much for its analysis of the nature of imperialism as for the implications drawn from that analysis for socialist strategy and tactics . [ 60 ]
Imperialism emerged as the development and direct continuation of the fundamental characteristics of capitalism in general .
But capitalism only became capitalist imperialism at a definite and very high stage of its development , when certain of its fundamental characteristics began to change into their opposites , when the features of the epoch of transition from capitalism to a higher social and economic system had taken shape and revealed themselves in all sheres . [ 61 ]
Lenin's view of imperialism as the era of the ``death agony '' of capitalism was closely linked with his overall conceptions of socialist goals .
This era was to be one of the ``actuality of revolution '' , in which the question of power would be sharply posed . [ 62 ]
The necessity for a new world party to supersede the old Second International , with its unbridgable division between ``maximum '' and ``minimum '' programs , was a crucial requirement .
Any revolution in a Russian Empire dominated by landlords and capitalists was now to be seen as a breach in the ``chain of world imperialism '' , that would precipitate further revolution , rather than being a discrete phenomemon confined to a single country . [ 63 ]
Russian Revolution
The February Revolution of 1917 in Russia came as a surprise to Lenin .
Only a few weeks previously he had delivered a speech in which he expressed doubts that ``the present generation would live to see the decisive battles of the coming revolution ' ' . [ 64 ]
As soon as the news of the victorious overthrow of the tsar 's government became known to him , Lenin made feverish preparations to return to Russia
This objective was eventually achieved by means of the famous ``sealed train ' ' , in which Lenin and other comrades , granted extra-territorial status , travelled through Germany at the behest of the German High Command .
Much has been made of this incident by Lenin 's opponents , both during the revolutionary year of 1917 , when he was denounced as a German agent , and ever since .
In fact the ``deal '' Lenin made with the German top brass sacrificed no principles , and had the German imperialists been blessed with the benefit of foresight , they would no doubt have considered that , on balance , the long - term loss to their system was immeasurably greater than any short - term gains made from the fall of the Kerensky regime and the signing of the Treaty of Brest - Litovsk . [ 65 ]
Before Lenin left for Russia , he had sent a number of communications to his party followers in Petrograd , in the hope of influencing events .
The Letters from Afar [ 66 ] developed the themes that were to be more fully stated in the April Theses Lenin drew up upon his return to Petrograd in April .
Basing his analysis on scanty items of news gleaned from foreign correspondents of the Western press stationed in Petrograd and Moscow , Lenin immediately drew incisive conclusions about the nature of the Provisional Government established as a residual of the February insurrection , and about its relationship to the simultaneously convened Soviet of Workers '
Deputies , which formed an organising centre for the oppressed masses of the whole of the Russian Empire .
The outbreak of revolution in Russia was seen by Lenin as the beginning of a ``breach in the chain of world imperialism '' at its weakest link , and the February Revolution as the harbinger of a further revolution that would overthrow capitalism in Russia , and place the proletariat in power in alliance with the poor peasantry -- on the basis of the soviets .
Lenin `revolutionises ' the Bolsheviks
While Lenin had desperately sought a means of returning to Russia , the Bolshevik Party leadership in Petrograd had adopted a conciliatory , almost Menshevik , attitude towards the Provisional Government .
Far from denouncing this government for its failure to solve the pressing problems of the masses : an end to the war ; land to the peasants ; food for the starving urban workers ; and the holding of popular elections -- the Bolshevik press in Petrograd ( Pravda at this stage was edited by Lev Kamenev and Joseph Stalin ) more or less accepted the new regime as a legitimate outcome of the February Revolution . [ 67 ]
Lenin 's first action on arrival at the Finland Station in Petrograd was to hail the February Revolution as the herald of world revolution -- socialist revolution . [ 68 ]
Soon thereafter he presented the April Theses to a packed meeting of Bolshevik Party supporters and observers : the response was generally uncomprehending or hostile . [ 69 ]
Only slowly did Lenin manage to persuade a majority of Bolsheviks that the power must be transferred to the soviets , and that all the party 's energies must be directed to winning a majority within the soviets to that goal . [ 70 ]
As long as we are in the minority we carry on the work of criticising and exposing errors and at the same time we preach the necessity of transferring the entire state power to the soviets of workers ' deputies , so that the people may overcome their mistakes by experience . [ 71 ]
The ultimate success of Lenin's attempt to ``revolutionise '' the Bolshevik Party was to be the decisive event in the period between February and October 1917 .
The positions of Lenin and of Trotsky ( the latter had arrived in Petrograd in May after being interned in a Canadian POW camp for some weeks ) , were in essence now identical , with Trotsky recognising the indispensability to the success of any socialist revolution in Russia of Lenin 's Bolshevik Party .
Trotsky joined the party in the dark period after the ``July Days '' , while Lenin was forced into hiding and the Bolshevik Party organisation was virtually forced underground . [ 72 ]
The July Days of 1917 represented the first spontaneous outbreak of mass discontent with the Provisional Government .
Although the Bolsheviks considered the outbreak untimely , they nevertheless placed themselves at the head of the mass movement , just as Marx had placed himself at the disposal of the 1871 Paris Commune , even though he thought its insurrection tactically premature . [ 73 ]
It was following the suppression of the insurrectionary movement in July 1917 that the reaction waxed and the tsarist general Kornilov , whom the ``socialist ''
Kerensky as prime minister had made chief of staff , attempted to overthrow the soviets and the Provisional Government . [ 74 ]
Only with the aid of the soviets , and particularly Bolshevik Party agitators , was the Kerensky regime able to survive .
This series of events did more than any amount of words to educate the masses in the real relationship of forces within Russia , and it was not long after the Kornilov affair that the Bolshevik Party increased markedly its representative strength in the soviets . [ 75 ]
October Revolution
As soon as it became clear that the Bolshevik Party would soon be able to command a majority in the soviets for its central demands , Lenin from his hiding place across the Finnish border , urged the central committee to immediately lay plans for an insurrection to transfer power to the soviets . [ 76 ]
Only very reluctantly , and after Lenin himself ( on returning to Petrograd ) threatened to resign from the central committee and agitate among the rank and file , did the leading bodies of the Bolshevik Party agree to the proposal . [ 77 ]
A Military - Revolutionary Committee at the head of the soviets was established under Trotsky 's leadership , and the insurrection was organised and carried through with remarkable ease and absence of bloodshed ( in Petrograd ) by November 7 ( October 25 by the calendar used in Russia at the time ) . [ 78 ]
Lenin , as chairperson of the newly established Council of People 's Commissars , declared to the assembled Second Congress of Soviets on the morrow of the insurrection : `` We shall now proceed to construct the socialist order ' ' . [ 79 ]
The first decrees of the Soviet government , which consisted of Bolsheviks with the support of Left Social Revolutionaries ( SRs ) [ the Mensheviks , Right SRs and other groups refused to participate or recognise the legitimacy of the October action ] , pushed through measures not implemented by the Provisional Government : i.e. land to the peasants ; a call for an immediate peace with no annexations or indemnities ; decrees on workers ' control and bread supplies ; and recognition and guarantees of the rights of oppressed nationalities . [ 80 ]
State and Revolution
When Lenin had left his hiding place in Finland to return to Petrograd shortly before the October Revolution , he was forced to leave unfinished a manuscript on which he had been working .
He wrote in a postscript to the first published edition of this booklet that : ``it is more pleasant and useful to go through the experience of revolution than to write about it . '' [ 81 ]
This work was The State and Revolution , in which the author restated the classical Marxist position on a subject that had been clouded by decades of opportunism and distortion .
Those who consider Leninism to be a dictatorial or authoritarian creed would do well to study this booklet .
In it Lenin takes up the theme of ``the withering away of the state ' ' , projected as an essential component of the communist revolution by Marx and Engels .
Drawing mainly upon the experience of the 1871 Paris Commune , but obviously basing his analysis also partly on the role of the soviets in the events from February 1917 in Russia , Lenin sketched the outlines of the transitional state form he projected for the Russian proletarian state .
Some historians have eschewed taking this ``utopian '' vision seriously , claiming that The State and Revolution represents a ``libertarian aberration in the generally authoritarian content of Lenin 's socialism ' ' . [ 82 ]
The same assumptions underlie the treatment given to the revolutionary ideas at the root of the Soviet Republic 's early initiatives in domestic and foreign policy .
E.H. Carr , for example , has been taxed for overemphasising the ``constitution - building '' aspects of these early actions , where such measures were often seen at the time as peremptory or transitory . [ 83 ]
Rise of the bureaucracy
It cannot be emphasised too strongly that Lenin , Trotsky and the entire leadership of the Bolshevik Party ( including Stalin until about 1924 ) considered the survival of the October Revolution and the Soviet regime to be largely contingent upon an extension of the revolution to the advanced countries of Western Europe .
The civil war was fought as much to maintain a redoubt for the international proletariat as to maintain power in Russia itself ; and at no stage during Lenin 's lifetime was it considered that the soviets could survive indefinitely without aid from other successful socialist revolutions .
These elementary truths have , however , been overlaid with encrustations from decades of Stalinist distortion . [ 84 ]
Thus the major problems which Lenin began to find increasingly unsuperable from about 1922 onwards stemmed from the isolation of the revolution in a backward , overwhelmingly agricultural country devastated by years of imperialist war , civil war and foreign intervention , and in which the Soviet government was forced to depend upon unreliable specialists and trained personnel in the state apparatus , armed forces and industry .
The decimation of the proletariat in the civil war , and its destruction as any kind of cohesive social class , left the Bolshevik Party suspended above an absent working class .
In such a situation , where repeated revolutionary failures abroad ( notably Germany in 1923 ) sapped the ardour of the masses even further , the process of bureaucratisation ( which had been recognised by Lenin at a very early stage ) upon which the Stalin faction rode to power , proceeded more and more rapidly and irreversibly . [ 85 ]
Towards the end of his life Lenin began to prepare for an intensive struggle against the developing bureaucracy , focusing on the issues of the oppressed nationalities suffering under a resurgence of Great Russian chauvinism ; threats to the monopoly of foreign trade established soon after the October Revolution , and the Stalin secretariat 's increasingly rude and arbitrary mode of operation . [ 86 ]
Some of the measures Lenin himself had instigated , such as the banning of factions in 1921 , the disbanding of the far - left Workers ' Opposition and suppression of the Kronstadt revolt of 1921 could well have provided formal precedents for the edifice of Stalinist repression that was to be created after his death . [ 87 ]
Yet , Lenin had adopted these measures under circumstances which , at the time , seemed to warrant them .
Only later was he to acknowledge that the machine he had been so instrumental in building was no longer responding to the conscious , directing forces .
`` The old bureaucracy has been beaten '' , he said , ``but the bureaucrats remain ' ' . [ 88 ]
Perhaps the victory of those ``objective forces '' -- the same forces that had swept the Jacobins from power in France in the Thermidorian reaction of 1795 - 89 -- and the paralysing of the will before them , was in itself a vindication of Marxism .
Lenin died , in January 1924 , before any decisive struggle against the encroaching reaction could begin .
Lenin 's character
Tamara Deutscher edited and published a selection of writings by Lenin and close associates that brings out those qualities often overlooked in appraisals of this most ``political '' of personalities . [ 90 ]
These excerpts demonstrates Lenin 's concern for literature and art , although he never professed any special knowledge in these areas ; the antagonism he felt for the developing bureaucrary that has been discussed ; and his views on women 's rights .
Although Lenin 's opinions on sex might have been rather pedestrian , as Clara Zetkin 's Reminiscences reveal , [ 91 ] he was a particularly strong supporter of the women 's movement , and advocated an autonomous women 's organisation connected with the Comintern . [ 92 ]
Krupskaya 's Memories of Lenin are an invaluable source of anecdotal information on Lenin 's living habits and personality ; from them one gets a sense of the essential simplicity and modesty of the man . [ 93 ]
Lunacharsky also comments on Lenin 's unassuming manner and personal modesty . [ 94 ]
Trotsky , an acute observer of people , wrote the following on Lenin 's extraordinary capacity to render complex ideas comprehensible to the experience of the masses :
Is the speaker [ i.e. Lenin ] really a profoundly educated Marxist , thoroughly versed in economic theory , a man of enormous erudition ?
It seems , now and again rather , that here is a self - educated man who has arrived at an extraordinary degree of understanding all by himself , by an effort of his own brain , without any scientific apparatus , any scientific terminology , and now expounds it all in his own manner .
How is it that we get such an impression ?
Because the speaker has thought out things not only for himself , but also for the broad masses ; because his own ideas have been filtered through the experience of these masses and in the process have become free of theoretical ballast .
He can now construct his own exposition of problems without the scientific scaffolding , which served him so well when he approached them first himself . [ 94 ]
Lenin 's conception of the epoch remains at the centre of the socialist project in the 21th century .
Despite the venom directed at Lenin by reformist theorists and commentators , the Stalinisation of the Comintern and its subsequent destruction , the legacy of Lenin has not been destroyed . [ 96 ]
The program and tactics of Marxism , which Lenin more than any other single individual developed , still retain their validity for revolutionary political activity . [ 97 ]
[ Graham Milner is a member of the Socialist Alliance in Australia . ]
Notes
1. Paul Ginsborg , ' The Politics of Lenin ' ( London , 1974 ) p. 3 .
The tendency to lionise Lenin was evident even during his lifetime : an early example of this is perhaps Gregory Zinoviev 's ' Speech to the Petrograd Soviet - Lenin ' ( London , 1966 ) , delivered after an attempt on Lenin 's life in 1918 .
2. Cf. " The State and Revolution " , ' Collected Works ' ( Moscow , 1965 ) Vol. 25 , p. 385 .
Tamara Deutscher ( ed. ) , ' Not By Politics Alone : the Other Lenin ' ( London , 1973 ) pp. 15 - 16 .
3. Isaac Deutscher , author of the great biographies of Trotsky and Stalin , intended to write a full - scale biography of Lenin .
Although he collected an extensive amount of material for this project , it never eventuated : only a small portion was completed and was published after Deutscher 's death under the title ' Lenin 's Childhood ' .
4. Tony Cliff 's projected three volume ' Lenin ' , of which only the first has so far been published , seems a good example .
5. See George Novack , " From Lenin to Castro : the Role of the Individual in History Making " , ' Understanding History : Marxist Essays ' ( New York , 1972 ) pp. 71-82 .
6. Cliff , ' Lenin ' , Vol. 1 , " Building the Party " ( London , 1975 ) attempts to dispel some of the legends surrounding Lenin 's family background , noting that Lenin 's father in fact ranked as a nobleman , fourth in a table of fourteen ranks , with hereditary status : p. 1 . Compare this with the official Soviet version in ' V.I. Lenin : a Short Biography ' ( Moscow , 1968 ) p. 7 .
Some of the more vindictive conservative historians have gone into paroxisms over Lenin 's blood lineage : see , for example , Robert Payne , ' The Life and Death of Lenin ' ( London , 1976 ) pp. 38 - 47 , which concludes : ``he was German , Swedish and Chuvash , and there was not a drop of Russian blood in him ' ' p. 47 .
7. See , for example , David Shub , ' Lenin : a Biography ' ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) pp. 13 -17 .
Compare Shub 's account with Deutscher 's more sober assessment in ' Lenin's Childhood ' ( Oxford , 1970 ) pp. 57 -67 .
8. Cliff , ' Lenin ' , Vol. 1 , pp. 4 - 9 .
9. Leon Trotsky , ' The Young Lenin ' ( London , 1972 ) p. 207 .
10 .
For a good account of the roots of populism and of the early history of the Russian revolutionary movement see Adam B. Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' ( London , 1969 ) ch. 2 passim .
See also Cliff , ' Lenin ' , pp. 9 -20 .
11 . ' Ibid. ' , pp. 20 - 30 .
See also Joel Carmichael , ' A Short History of the Russian Revolution ' ( London , 1967 ) pp. 32-34 .
12 . For a brief discussion see Deutscher , ' The Prophet Armed : Trotsky 1879 - 1921 ' ( Oxford , 1970 ) pp. 108-9 , and also Bertram D. Wolfe , ' Three Who Made a Revolution ' ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) ch. 7 .
13 .
For facts and figures see Alec Nove , ' An Economic History of the USSR ' ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) ch. 1 .
14 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , p. 39 .
15 . ' Collected Works ' Vol. 1 , pp. 129-332 .
16 . ' Ibid . ' , ' The Economic Content of Narodism and the Criticism of It in Mr. Struve 's Book ' , pp. 333-508 .
17 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , pp. 41-44 ..
18 . ' Ibid. ' , ch. 3 .
19 .
On Martov 's role in the league , and Lenin 's relations with the future Menshevik leader at that time , see Irving Getzler , ' Martov : a Political Biography of a Russian Social Democrat ' ( Melbourne , 1967 ) ch. 3 .
20 . Cliff , ' Lenin ' , ch. 3 .
21 . ' Ibid. ' , pp. 38 - 41 .
Payne , in the work already cited ( ' The Life and Death of Lenin ' ) makes considerable efforts to identify Lenin 's position with that of the notorious terrorist Nechaev , whom he dubs `` The Forerunner ' ' .
Lenin , of course , rejected precisely these petty - bourgeois terrorist aspects of Narodnik populism , of which the so - called ``Nechaev Affair ' ' was an example .
As Louis Fischer , ' The Life of Lenin ' ( New York , 1964 ) notes , Nechaev 's name appears nowhere in Lenin 's writings : p. 45 .
22 . Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' , ch. 4 , part one .
23 . See ' ibid. ' , pp. 208-25 ; Trotsky , ' On Lenin : Notes Towards a Biography ' ( London , 1971 ) ch. 1 .
24 . On Economism see Getzler , ' Martov ' , pp. 39 - 53 passim ; Cliff , ' Lenin ' , pp. 59 - 66 , and Richard Hyman , ' Marxism and the Sociology of Trade Unionism ' ( London , 1971 ) pp. 11 -14 .
25 . ' Collected Works ' , Vol. 5 , p. 375 .
26 . Ernest Mandel , ' The Leninist Theory of Organisation : Its Relevance for Today ' ( Sydney , mimeo , n.d. ) p. 19n .
See the same author 's ' Class Consciousness and the Leninist Party ( Colombo , 1970 ) , and further on the subject of Leninist organisation theory , Brian Pearce and Cliff Slaughter , ' What is Revolutionary Leadership ( Sydney , mimeo , n.d. ) .
27 . See Marcel Liebman , ' Democratic Centralism : Lenin in 1905 ' ( Sydney , mimeo , n.d. ) .
28 . Mandel , ' The Leninist Theory of Organisation ' .
See also James p. Cannon , " The Vanguard Party and the World Revolution " , Mandel ( ed. ) , ' Fifty Years of World Revolution ' ( New York , 1968 ) pp. 349-60 ; Georg Lukacs , " Towards a Methodology of the Problem of Organisation " , ' History and Class Consciousness ( London , 1971 ) pp. 295-342 .
29 .
A rather sad example of this mis-identification is C.L.R.
James et al , ' Facing Reality ' ( Detroit , 1974 ) ch. 6 .
30 .
For a good account see Deutscher , ' The Prophet Armed ' , pp. 72-86 .
31 . Cliff , ' Lenin ' , pp. 108-10 .
32 . Ginsborg , ' The Politics of Lenin ' , p. 13 ..
33 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , p. 83 .
34 . Deutscher , ' The Prophet Armed ' , pp. 83-97 .
35 . Lenin and his partner Krupskaya went into the mountains for a month : se N.K. Krupskaya , ' Memories of Lenin ' ( London , 1970 ) p. 98 .
36 . Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' , pp. 264-65 .
37 . Lionel Kochan , ' The Making of Modern Russia ' ( Harmondsworth , 1963 ) pp. 212-17 .
38 . ' Ibid. ' , pp. 217-20 ; Trotsky , ' 1905 ' ( Harmondsworth , 1973 ) .
39 . Deutscher , ' The Prophet Armed ' , ch. 5 , passim .
40 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , pp. 102-12 .
41 . ' Collected Works ' , Vol. 9 , ch. 5 , passim .
42 . ' Ibid. ' , p. 113 .
43 . See Trotsky , " Results and Prospects " in ' The Permanent Revolution and Results and Prospects ' ( New York , 1958 ) pp. 161-254 ; Deutscher , ' The Prophet Armed ' , ch. 6 , passim .
For a debate on the relationship between Trotskyism and Leninism see Nicholas Krasso ( ed. ) , ' Trotsky : the Great Debate Renewed ' ( New York , 1972 ) .
Trotsky provides a useful summary of the conflicting positions within the Marxist socialist movement on the nature of the Russian revolution , in the form of an appendix to his unfinished biography of ' Stalin ' : " Three Concepts of the Russian Revolution " , Vol. 2 ( London , 1969 ) pp. 257-77 .
44 . Kochan , ' The Making of Modern Russia ' , ch. 14 .
On Lenin 's tactical attitude to elections see Doug Jenness , " Lenin as Election Campaign Manager " , ' International Socialist Review ' ( February , 1971 ) pp. 9 -11 .
Lenin later outlined his concepts in this area more fully in a pamphlet published in 1920 criticising ultra- left tendencies in the international Communist movement : " Left - Wing Communism , an Infantile Disorder " , ' Collected Works ' Vol. 31 , pp. 17-118 .
45 . Wolfe , ' Three Who Made a Revolution ' , ch. 21 .
46 .
For strike statistics see Trotsky , ' History of the Russian Revolution ' ( London , 1967 ) Vol. 1 , p.49 .
47 . Wolfe , ' Three Who Made a Revolution ' , p. 416 ; Cliff , ' Lenin ' , pp. 295-301 .
48 . ' Ibid. ' , ch. 16 .
49 . Fischer , ' The Life of Lenin ' , pp. 65 - 67 ; Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' , p. 356 .
See also Anton Pannekoek , ' Lenin as Philosopher ' ( London , 1975 ) .
50 . ' Lenin and Philosophy and Other Essays ' ( New York , 1971 ) pp. 23-70 .
51 . For a discussion see Slaughter , ' Lenin and Dialectics ' ( Sydney , mineo . ) pp. 13 -22 .
52 . Wolfe , ' Three Who Made a Revolution ' , p. 144 .
53 . See J.P. Nettl , ' Rosa Luxemburg ' ( Oxford , 1969 : abridged ed. ) , passim .
54 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , p. 157 .
55 . James Joll , ' The Second International 1889 - 1914 ' ( London , 1974 ) , p. 208 .
See also Julius Braunthal , ' History of the International ' ( London , 1966 ) , ch. 21 and George Novack et al , ' The First Three Internationals : Their History and Lessons ' ( New York , 1974 ) pp. 67 -78 .
56 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , p. 157 .
57 . See " The European War and International Socialism " , ' Collected Works ' , Vol. 21 , pp. 20 - 25 .
58 . See " The Slogan of Civil War Illustrated " , ' ibid. ' , pp. 181-83 , and " Socialism and War " , ' ibid. ' , pp. 295-338 .
59 . Braunthal , ' The International ' Vol 2 " 1914 - 1943 " ( London , 1967 ) ch. 2 .
60 .
Although because of the conditions of Tsarist censorship under which the book was first published these ideas could not be spelled out : ' Collected Works ' Vol 22 , pp. 185-304 .
For the official Soviet view see V.M. Shundayev , ' Lenin's Doctrine of Imperialism ' ( Prague , 1976 ) : see also George Lichtheim , ' Imperialism ' ( Harmondsworth , 1974 ) pp. 100-09 and Michael Barratt - Brown , ' The Economics of Imperialism ' ( Harmondsworth , 1974 ) pp. 63 -67 .
61 . Lenin , ' Imperialism ' , p. 265 .
62 . On this subject see Lukacs ' brilliant essay ' Lenin : a Study in the Unity of His Thought ' ( London , 1970 ) .
63 .
Some of these ideas are discussed in Mandel , " Ten Theses on the Social and Economic Laws Governing the Society Transitional Between Capitalism and Socialism " , ' Critique : a Journal of Soviet Studies and Socialist Theory ' ( Autumn , 1974 ) pp. 5 - 22 .
See also Franz Marek , ' Philosophy of World Revolution ' ( London , 1969 ) ch. 7 , 8 .
64 . E.H. Carr , ' The Bolshevik Revolution 1917 - 1923 ' Vol. 1 ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) , p. 80 .
65 .
For a reasonably sober account of the ' sealed train ' episode see Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' , pp. 423-9 .
66 . ' Collected Works ' , Vol. 23 , pp. 295-343 .
67 . Carr , ' The Bolshevik Revolution ' , pp. 84 - 85 ; Deutscher , ' Stalin ' ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) pp. 141-46 .
68 . Edmund Wilson , ' To the Finland Station ' ( London , 1960 ) contains an arresting account of Lenin 's return and reception in Petrograd ; pp. 471-75 , within the context of its historic significance .
69 .
For accounts see Fischer , ' The Life of Lenin ' , pp. 127-28 , and Trotsky , ' History of the Russian Revolution ' , Vol. 1 , ch. 15 .
70 . ' Ibid . '.
71 . " The Tasks of the Proletariat in the Present revolution " ( April Theses ) , ' Collected Works ' , Vol. 24 .
72 . For general accounts of these events see Carmichael , ' A Short History of the Russian Revolution ' , and Alan Moorehead , ' The Russian Revolution ' ( London , 1960 ) ch. 11 , 12 .
73 . See Trotsky 's account : ' History of the Russian Revolution ' Vol. 2 , ch. 1 - 3 .
74 . Ibid. , ch. 4 - 9 .
75 . Ibid. , ch. 12 , 13 .
76 . Shub , ' Lenin ' , pp. 261-64 .
77 . Carr , ' The Bolshevik Revolution ' , pp. 103-05 .
78 .
For a stimulating account see John Reed , ' Ten Days that Shook the World ' ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) passim .
79 . Cited in Moorehead , ' The Russian Revolution ' , p. 252 .
80 . Carr , ' The Bolshevik Revolution ' , pp. 116-32 ; Trotsky , ' History of the Russian Revolution ' Vol. 3 , ch.10 ; Victor Serge , ' Year One of the Russian Revolution ' ( London , 1972 ) pp. 72-74 .
81 . " The State and Revolution " , ' Collected Works ' , Vol 25 , p. 492 .
82 . See , for example , Ulam , ' Lenin and the Bolsheviks ' pp. 461-63 ; Wilson , ' To the Finland Station ' , pp. 455-56 .
83 . See Carr , ' The Bolshevik Revolution ' , Part 2 , and Deutscher 's comments : " Mr. E.H. Carr as Historian of the Bolshevik Regime " , ' Heretics and Renegades and Other Essays ' ( London , 2nd ed , 1969 ) pp. 91-112 .
84 . See Russell Bloch 's " Introduction " to his edition of ' Lenin's Fight Against Stalinism ' ( New York , 1975 ) pp. 5 - 28 .
85 . Deutscher 's incisive assessment of the position of the Soviet regime at the end of the Civil War deserves close attention : " The Power and the Dream " , ' The Prophet Unarmed ' ch. 1 .
86 . Increasing attention is being paid to this fight .
See Bloch ( ed. ) , ' Lenin's Fight Against Stalinism ' and Moshe Lewin , ' Lenin's Last Struggle ' ( London , 1973 ) .
See also Trotsky , ' On the Suppressed Testament of Lenin ' ( New York , 1972 ) and also Ivan Dzyuba , ' Internationalism or Russification ( New York , 1974 ) on the nationalities question .
87 .
On these events see Alexandra Kollontai , ' The Workers ' Opposition ' ( London , mimeo , 1968 ) ; Paul Avrich , ' Kronstadt 1921 ' ( Princeton , N.J. , 1970 ) and Voline , ' The Unknown Revolution ' ( London , 1958 ) -- on Kronstadt and the Makhnovist movement in the Ukraine ; and also Daniel and Gabriel Cohn - Bendit , ' Obsolete Communism ; the Left - Wing Alkternative ( Harmondsworth , 1969 ) part 4 .
88 . Cited in Nina Gourfinkel , ' Lenin ' ( New York , 1961 ) p. 171 .
89 .
The parallels between the Great French and Russian revolutions are drawn by Deutscher : " Two Revolutions " , ' Heretics and Renegades ' , pp. 53 - 67 .
See also Crane Brinton , ' The Anatomy of Revolution ' ( New York , 1965 ) ch. 8 .
90 . ' The Other Lenin ' .
91 . ' Reminiscences of Lenin ' ( New York , 1934 ) " Women , Marriage and Sex " .
92 . ' Ibid . '
See also Mary - Alice Waters , ' Feminism and the Marxist Movement ' ( New York , 1972 ) pp. 24-29 [ on the Third International ] .
93 . ' Memories of Lenin' ( London , 1970 ) .
94 . ' Revolutionary Silhouettes ' ( London , 1967 ) pp. 47 -48 .
95 . ' On Lenin ' , p. 139 .
96 . Lichtheim 's ' Marxism ' ( London , 2nd ed. , 1964 ) part 5 , ch. 6 , has a disappointingly shallow appraisal .
97 . On Stalinism and the Comintern , see Fernando Claudin , ' The Communist Movement : From Comintern to Cominform ' ( Harmondsworth , 1975 ) For the earlier years , see Helmust Gruber ( ed. ) , ' International Communism in the Era of Lenin ' ( New York , 1972 ) .
98 . Perry Anderson 's 1965 circumscription of Leninism 's applicability to ``backward , inchoate societies , dominated by scarcity and integrated only by the State ' ' was a familiarly stated case for the rejection of these politics in the imperialist countries : see " Problems of Socialist Strategy " , ' Towards Socialism ( London , 1965 ) p. 228 .
For a statement of Leninist conceptions in contemporary terms see Pierre Frank , et al , ' Key Problems in the Transition from Capitalism to Socialism ' ( New York , 1969 ) and Deutscher , ' The Unfinished Revolution : Russia 1917 - 1967 ' ( Oxford , 1969 ) .
In an address to The Canadian Club today in Montréal , Bell and BCE President and CEO George Cope announced that Bell will launch its HSPA wireless network on Wednesday , November 4.
To coincide with the launch , Bell will also launch a wide range of new HSPA smartphones and turbo sticks including the Apple iPhone , Blackberry Bold 9700 , Novatel U998 HSPA +
Turbo Stick , and MiFi 2372 Intelligent Mobile Hotspot .
" The launch of our new network - months ahead of schedule - underlines that the Bell team continues to deliver on our strategic imperatives to accelerate wireless in Canada and to invest in next - generation broadband networks . " said Mr. Cope .
The new network will feature access speeds as high as 21 Megabits per second ( Mbps ) and a physical service area by far of more than a million square kilometres , covering approximately 20,000 Canadian cities and towns and 93 % of the national population .
Discuss in our Canadian Mobile phone forum
[ caption ]
A muscle - bound boy has been entered into the Guinness Book of Records after performing an incredible physical stunt .
Romanian Giuliano Stroe , five , has been training since the age of two in Italy - where he lives with his family - and now the hard work has finally paid off .
He was entered into the record books earlier this year after performing some impressive ' hand - walking ' skills to a panel of judges and an astonished audience on an Italian TV show .
The exceptional pre-schooler performed the fastest ever 10 m hand walk with a weight ball between his legs to the delight of the studio audience .
And he has now become an internet hit after hundreds of thousands of people watched a clip of him performing the stunt on YouTube .
Father Iulian Stroe , 33 , said : ' He has been going to the gym with me ever since he was born .
I always took him with me when I went training .'
He added there is no danger of the youngster harming himself , saying : ' I have been training hard all my life myself .
' He is never allowed to practice on his own , he is only a child and if he gets tired we go and play . '
[ caption ]
Giuliano , the oldest of four children , says his stardom has not gone to his head and he still enjoys normal kids stuff like painting , watching cartoons and playing in the park when he is not weightlifting .
But it seems he has picked up a taste for fame during his incredible exploits , revealing he enjoys it when he is applauded after performing .
It sparks memories of Richard Sandrak , who , after his father trained him to become a bodybuilder , aged just three in 1995 , was declared The Strongest Boy In The World .
[ caption ]
Nicknamed Little Hercules , Ukrainian - born Richard could bench press 210 pounds at the age of six after undergoing a strict regime .
After moving to the U.S. , he became a movie star , starring in Tiny Tarzan , after his fitness schedule attracted media attention .
Interviewed this year , Richard , now 16 , said that he had lost interest in working out .
For years , schools and students have been judged on raw standardized test scores .
Experts say this approach is flawed because they tend to reflect socioeconomic levels more than learning .
This weekend , The Times will examine how a bruising value - added debate played out in San Diego , offering a preview of a controversy likely to sweep the nation .
Read the details here : Educator sees the value in ' value - added ' approach to evaluating teachers
A new way of crunching test scores is turning conventional ideas in education on their head .
The approach , called value added , has gained momentum in recent months as it has been embraced by the Obama administration and policymakers around the country , though it has generated strong opposition from teachers unions .
The " value - added " approach attempts to level the playing field by focusing on growth rather than achievement .
Using a complex statistical analysis of test scores , it tracks an individual student 's improvement year to year , and uses that progress to estimate the effectiveness of individual teachers , principals and schools .
Academics also have used the approach to test many assumptions about what matters in schools .
While the scholars are still puzzling over what makes a great teacher or school , their results challenge many of the things once assumed important :
All teachers are equal .
For decades , schools have treated teachers like interchangeable parts .
Value - added results suggest that there are dramatic differences in the effectiveness of teachers .
More learning happens in wealthy schools .
The highest growth among students is often in poor schools with low achievement scores , according to results at districts and states that have adopted the value - added approach .
Students at affluent schools at times have high proficiency scores but make little new progress year to year .
Teachers can't overcome a student 's background .
Recent research shows that with several effective teachers in a row , students can overcome the disadvantages they bring to the classroom .
Some studies suggest that minority and poor students make as much progress as other students when placed with the same effective teachers .
Class size is key .
Research suggests that modest changes in class size , such as decreasing it by four or five students , has been shown to have little to no effect on student learning .
Bad teachers tend to teach in poor schools .
Several studies suggest that there is more variation among teachers within a school that across schools .
Effective instructors often are distributed across rich and poor schools , and they tend to stay in challenging schools longer than ineffective ones .
Teacher experience matters .
Although teachers are generally paid more for years of experience , research suggests that instructors show dramatic improvement in their first few years and then level off .
Teachers with 20 years of experience are often no more effective than peers with five years .
Teacher education matters .
Schools routinely pay teachers higher salaries for obtaining master 's degrees .
But several studies have found that educators with advanced degrees do no better than those without ( with the possible exception of high school math teachers ) .
Teacher credentials matter .
Most public schools pay teachers more for certifications and advanced credentials .
But several studies have shown that non-traditionally prepared instructors — such as those in Teach for America — have similar or slightly better outcomes to certified ones .
— Jason Song and Jason Felch
We 've been trying to figure out what , if any , preparations Wall Street has been taking to guard against H1N1 .
For the most part , the banks have been coy about their activities .
But as noted on The Today Show this morning , several banks have been among the early recipients of H1N1 vaccine , allowing them to get ahead of hospitals in some instances .
The story was originally broken by BusinessWeek this week .
Goldman Sachs ( GS ) has received 200 doses in total -- the exact same as Lennox Hill hospital .
Health officials say corporate partners are always part of the distribution of any vaccine .
There 's no allegation that they broke any rules , and we 're still not quite sure what the whole story is -- mainly it looks like another PR snafu for Wall Street .
Some are suggesting that , perhaps , the banks should have donated their allocated vaccines .
In defense of the banks , we all benefit when others are vaccinated .
It 's a positive , not zero - sum game .
Update :
To be clear , Goldman confirms that all these decisions are made by the CDC , and that the vaccine only goes to specified high - risk individuals .
In addition , as noted by the above BusinessWeek report , 29 companies including Time Warner and others have also been slected as vaccine distribution .
Hey .
I 'm Neils .
I research games , wrote In Play : Tales of the Gaming Netherworld ( paperback / kindle ) , co-wrote Game Addiction : The Experience and the Effects , and sometimes lecture at the DigiPen Institute of Technology .
I 've consulted for Fortune 50 companies , speak at conferences like PAX Prime and Games for Health , and write for gamers and the games industry .
Email
Tweet Tweet :
Subscribe
Professional Info
The views expressed on this blog are solely those of my ghostwriter .
neilsclark @ the mail that is hot@neilsclark
After his TKO victory over Brett Rogers at the weekend , the question many are now asking is – what ’s next for Fedor Emelianenko ?
First things first , he has to heal the injuries he sustained during the fight .
The good news is that is has now emerged that he did not break his nose in the fight , it was instead just a deep cut ( Edit : there are now conflicting reports on this matter from mmaweekly and thelatimes ) .
The bad news is that he also damaged his hand and dislocated his thumb during the main event of the evening .
One thing that has been established is that he will fight twice in the U.S in 2010 .
Speaking at the pre-fight press conference via his translator he told reporters :
“ I ’m planning on performing in the United States of America – definitely — next year .
I know for sure I ’ll have two more fights in the United States next year and then we ’ll see how the contract works .
Maybe I ’ll sign another contract . ”
So who is likely to be his next opponent ?
There would appear to be two main options at this stage .
One would be another fighter who also featured on last night ’s Strikeforce card : Fabricio Werdum .
Fabricio Werdum
Werdum ( 13 - 4 - 1 ) defeated Antonio Silva by unanimous decision in a competitive bout to open the evenings televised card and is now 2 - 0 in Strikeforce .
After the fight he was keen to talk up the idea of a fight with Fedor telling reporters , “ its my turn ” , and at the post - fight press conference Strikeforce CEO Scott Coker admitted that it may well happen .
“ All the options are going to be open at this point , but I do think that fight makes a lot of sense .
But we ’ll have to wait another couple days .
Obviously , they ’ll have to sit down and talk to Fedor , and we ’ll take it from there .
But we ’d definitely like to do it .
It ’d be a great match - up . ”
Werdum is unquestionably a very talented ground fighter , but realistically his stand - up is nowhere near Fedors level and he ’ll struggle to get in close enough to take him down .
He also lost to Andrei Alrovski in 2007 , while both Fedor and Rogers have defeated him in the past year .
It would be a surprise if he were the man to break Fedor ’s winning streak .
Also , despite his mainstream exposure on Saturday night , Werdum is by no means a big draw or especially marketable , so it ’s not a fight that ’s going to significantly improve upon the viewing figures that have been reported so far for this weekends event .
Alistair Overeem
The other fighter who Fedor could potentially face is current Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair Overeem .
The dutchman has however gone AWOL from Strikeforce since winning the belt back in November of 2007 .
In the last two years he has been plying his trade mainly in Japan , fighting a string of relatively weak opponents , leading many to suggest that he is ducking tougher opponents that lie in wait in the US .
As we reported last month , Overeem himself declared that he wanted to fight Fedor after his most recent victory at DREAM 12 .
He even went as far as to name a date for the event .
“ Write this down … I want to fight Fedor … Alistair Overeem wants to fight Fedor , in April 2010 . ”
Many are still skeptical as to whether this will become a reality however , despite Overeem ’s claims .
If it did then he could well be seen as the biggest threat to Fedor outside of the UFC roster at this moment in time .
It would also be a fight that would generate significant interest from MMA fans , and being a title fight would add extra weight behind any promotional push that CBS would give to the event .
Andrei Arlovski
Finally , at the post fight press conference it also emerged that Strikeforce are poised to bring two new heavyweights to the promotion in the next week or so .
At this stage it is not known who they are , though there is much speculation that Andrei Arlovski could be one of them .
It is unlikely that he would get a rematch with Fedor right away however .
If anything it would make more sense to have him attempt to avenge his loss to Brett Rogers first .
If an Arlovski – Rogers fight did happen then that could set up a potential rematch with Fedor for the winner – a useful back - up plan if a showdown with Overeem proved to be a non-starter in 2010 .
As for who the other heavyweight thats set to sign for Strikeforce is ?
Its really is purely guess work at this stage .
A reasonable option for the promotion might be former WWE star Bobby Lashley , but with a record of just 4 - 0 he is in no way ready to face Fedor yet .
In reality it is unlikely that Strikeforce will be able to unveil another readily available heavyweight fighter who could step up to face Fedor right away .
Who Will Be Next ?
So , of the options discussed above , who is Fedor most likely to face next ?
Personally I believe they should seize the opportunity to have Fedor fight Overeem while they can .
They have successfully established who Fedor is for the casual viewer – now its time to give him a title shot and look to build upon the ratings from the first show .
In the mean time Werdum can get another fight under his belt and hope to establish himself as the man to end Fedor ’s dominance .
That being said ,
All evidence at this stage points to Werdum getting the nod .
Speaking to the press in the lead up to the Strikeforce card this weekend Scott Coker sketched out his blueprint for the heavyweight division over the next year .
“ You see the match up potential between the winner of the Silva vs. Werdum fight and the winner of the Fedor vs. Rogers fight .
I think it would make sense for those two guys to fight each other in the future depending on how things go .
Then , Alistair can come in later and fight the winner of that fight . ”
Article by RossC
Further Reading :
All pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
Corduroy Skirts are a Sin
So , it 's Thanksgiving break and my brother just came home from college with plenty of stories about the happenings of the Syracuse drama department .
I love me some Spring Awakening and Next to Normal , but other than mainstream Broadway I 'm pretty much out of the loop when it comes to drama , and sort of just nodded along to the stories .
But then , my brother told me about an impromptu protest that started amongst the students and faculty of his department .
After hearing about FBomb blogger Leah 's protesting against Stupak , I was pretty stoked to hear about another instance of student activism .
Last week at Syracuse University , Michelle Deferio , Syracuse resident ( not student ) , and her father stood on a street corner on campus holding a sign that read , " Homosexuality is a sin , Christ can set you free . "
Chris Pesto , a junior drama major , decided to take action .
In his own words , on a facebook note about the protest , Chris wrote :
Today ( Wednesday , November 18th ) I left my voice lesson and noticed two adults on campus holding signs that said " Homosexuality is a sin " .
First , I would just like to say that I support people with their own opinions .
I think that everyone is entitled to their right to think what they want .
However , when someone comes on my campus , where I pay tuition to live , I do n't think it 's appropriate to rub such a hateful sign in someone 's face .
I decided that because this woman thought it was okay to make me feel uncomfortable in my home , I would retaliate and make her feel just as uncomfortable , if not more .
This woman was wearing a ankle - length corduroy skirt , which , as we all know , is a fashion nono .
So , in order to make her feel uncomfortable , I stood next to her and held a sign that said Corduroy skirts are a sin !
I do n't think I have ever drawn so much attention in my life .
SO many people asked to take a picture with me , I got laughs , high fives and there were the few that even cursed off the woman standing behind me .
As I drew interest to what was going on with myself and the woman with the hateful sign , I started to draw a crowd that stood with me in support .
Before I knew it I had 100 + people holding signs for gay rights asking people to honk their horns to support .
I was interviewed by a news station , and more than 5 student organization papers , and the post standard of syracuse .
I never expected anybody to come stand by me and support and I appreciate it so much that everyone came !
It meant so much and it proved to those ignorant people that we are n't afraid , and we will put up a fight .
I 'm proud that Syracuse has such a homosexual friendly community .
According to an article in The Daily Orange , Michelle and Jim Deferio are members of the Open - Air Campaigners - an evangelist group who preach their beliefs in public places , such as sidewalks , parks , and apparently college campuses .
When asked about the students protesting against them , Jim stated , " " We have free speech in this country , but you do n't have the freedom to not be offended . "
( Which I think can best be interpreted as " we have the right to offend you " but please , correct me if I 'm wrong on that one ) .
Although it may have started as a single , humorous defense on Chris Pesto 's part , his one action turned into a protest for a more loving and accepting community .
Administration officials heard the call of their students and stated that the Deferios were no longer welcome on Syracuse 's campus .
All I can say is rock on .
I mean that sign is so great .
I think it 's really cool that somebody could look at that sign , which to Chris was in a way a personal attack as he identifies as gay , and not respond with anger , but with a sense of humor .
I always feel pretty weary about protests for " love " that only end up attacking the opposing side .
This was clearly handled pretty well .
Go Syracuse !
A decision on a surge of up to 40,000 American troops by President Barack Obama is still weeks away , the White House said .
But in London the Ministry of Defence said the election was a " step forward " in fulfilling the caveats set by Gordon Brown to send an extra 500 troops to Helmand , taking the force level to 9,500 personnel .
1. Pearl Jam " Backspacer "
Sales this week : 189,292
Debut
Ah , the dreaded Guns N’ Roses effect .
Insiders think public cares and it does n’t .
Pearl Jam had one album , " Ten " , with " Jeremy " .
Refusing to play the MTV game , they maintained their longevity , but are not superstars .
Well , let ’s just say that most people do n’t care .
Most people care about the momentary hits .
People with careers have a niche audience .
Which may be large , but is far from everybody .
This illustrates that the big box paradigm is dying .
Sure , Pearl Jam got paid , but just because you ’ve got all those displays where everybody shops , that does n’t mean anybody cares .
This is a terrible number by " Last Road Out Of Eden " standards .
Granted , PJ is not the Eagles , but if you listen to the press and PJ ’s fans they ’re superior to the Eagles !
So , we had to read about all the marketing innovation .
But it was just a circle jerk .
Everybody praying the business was not dying claimed Pearl Jam was getting it right .
Customers were completely out of the loop .
This is a piss - poor number .
And if you say otherwise , you ’re working for the band .
This is a live act .
A nostalgia act .
Its only way of growing would be to turn into the Grateful Dead .
Playing new material live , hoping its fans trade it , hoping its core buys it .
Not a bad business , but not the cover of " Newsweek " .
Then again , who gives a shit about the cover of " Newsweek " or " Time " anymore ?
2. Jay -Z " Blueprint 3 "
Sales this week : 134,134
Percentage change : - 55
Weeks on : 3
Cume : 908,135
We thought LL Cool J was the sustaining rapper , but it turned out to be Jay - Z .
Then again , this album was sold with a ton of hype .
Jay - Z was everywhere , even Bill Maher .
Bill Maher ?
Is Jay - Z political ?
Who knows .
But even HBO plays by twentieth century rules , you ca n’t turn down a get .
But , if every audience is niche , you end up pissing off more people than you are pleasing .
Every fan of Maher ’s show I spoke to was on backlash , why was Mr. Carter on ?
But the real story here is Kanye .
In the old days , one reporter would have found out the truth behind his VMA blow - up .
There are a ton of questions .
Why was Kanye on stage to begin with ?
Ever been at a big production like this ?
There ’s a stage manager , corralling talent .
Would n’t be tough to find out the truth , whether the whole thing was staged .
But the blogosphere bloviated and the straight press is so short - handed and reporters are so beholden to talent , enthralled and desirous of being stars themselves , that even though the President commented , no writer came up with the truth .
Shameful .
3. Three Days Grace " Life Starts Now "
Sales this week : 79,230
Debut
Everybody involved is giving high fives .
But expect this album to slide down the chart immediately .
Or , look at it this way .
What kind of fucked up world do we live in where an almost unknown band enters the chart at number three selling fewer than 100,000 records ?
One in which old sales metrics are n’t so important and stars have less power than ever before .
4. Whitney Houston " I Look To You "
Sales this week : 65,820
Percentage change : - 58
Weeks on : 4
Cume : 620,301
I ’m stunned .
By today ’s standards , this is a whopping number .
And the only thing driving it is Whitney herself , there ’s no single action , no track that has attained ubiquity .
But put her CD in supermarkets , everywhere known to man , get her on Oprah testifying and casual music buyers are interested .
Not tons , but a lot by 2009 standards .
We ’ll all remember Whitney saying " crack is whack " , but no one will remember this album .
6. Brand New " Daisy "
Sales this week : 45,799
Debut
Ditto on Three Days Grace above .
Both reasonable acts , both playing to a core .
They might each get some radio play , but do n’t expect either to blow up .
They do n’t play Top Forty music , and that ’s how you blow up today .
But by chasing this game , major labels are running towards oblivion .
With so few albums sold , and the money is still in albums , is it worth it diverting all that attention to a dying game ?
It ’s kind of like GM making SUVs while Toyota was selling hybrids .
SUVs were for now , hybrids were for the future .
So major labels have 360 degrees of these radio acts ?
Is n’t that like having a high percentage of SUV sales ?
Or , to quote the Beatles ’ sometime pianist , " Nothing from nothing leaves nothing " .
7. Five Finger Death Punch " War Is The Answer "
Sales this week : 44,197
Debut
See Three Days Grace and Brand New above .
This is a metal band .
This is the highest this album will ever chart .
This is the modern paradigm .
Metal bands make it on the road .
And when they garner fans , listeners stay with them forever .
Better to have one Five Finger Death Punch than Flo Rida .
10 . Muse " Resistance "
Sales this week : 35,957
Percentage change : - 72
Weeks on : 2
Cume : 164,784
Did everybody who wants this album already buy it ?
Phenomenal live band that has n’t worked in America enough .
To succeed , they should play every festival next summer .
People have to see them , more than fans , in order for the band to grow .
But the band are stars across the Pond , it ’s hard to get them over here .
So , despite the VMAs , despite the press , is this act stillborn ?
12 . David Gray " Draw The Line "
Sales this week : 35,002
Debut
What do they say , a broken clock is right twice a day ?
Guy records KCRW album of the year , word spreads , he becomes a star .
Does n’t realize what happens , continues to have the creative brain of a niche artist .
Opportunity squandered .
13 . Taylor Swift " Fearless "
Sales this week : 34,341
Percentage change : - 25
Weeks on : 46
Cume : 3,902,314
‘ Cause when you ’re fifteen and somebody tells you they love you
You ’re gonna believe them
Fifteen year olds are n’t looking at reviews .
They react instantly to music , as you do to fire .
Taylor Swift is Bob Dylan for the barely pubescent set .
Instead of talking down to her audience , she ’s saying she ’s one of them , and she wants to tell them her story , give them her insights , and they identify .
I wo n’t say " Fifteen " is as good as " It ’s Alright Ma ( I ’m Only Bleeding ) " , but there ’s still that same element of truth .
When you ’re fifteen , you think love is forever , you have n’t been hurt .
But you will be .
This is not complicated .
In addition to insightful lyrics , the songs are catchy !
In a business that constantly tries to get us excited about outside stuff sung by people without voices making oblique statements Taylor Swift stands out not only as a striking success , but a beacon of hope .
She ’s saying it ’s not how good you look , that it ’s okay to be geeky , and if you sing from the heart , people will react .
Stop focusing on marketing .
Start focusing on getting the music right .
Taylor Swift may seem like formula , but she ’s not .
Underneath it all is a girl who would do almost anything to make it .
But unlike the Disney stars of the past decade , that does not mean sacrificing one ’s soul , blowing the promotion dude and doing what everybody tells you to do , but working on your art itself .
Taylor Swift ’s been writing songs forever , and it all comes down to the songs .
No wonder she ’s got the biggest selling album on this chart .
In an era where everybody steals , some still need to own .
When you believe in the music , when it embodies your identity .
15 . Monsters Of Folk
Sales this week : 31,274
Weeks on : 2
Percentage change : +901
Cume : 34,457
What happens when you get a bunch of marginal acts together in an indie supergroup ?
Still , no one cares .
19 . Mika " The Boy Who Knew Too Much "
Sales this week : 27,314
Debut
Play the game of a popster , and you must have pop hits .
Mika made it on hit singles , in order to sell tonnage , he ’s got to deliver more .
This is not 1973 , when a band like Queen can grow slowly and make it on rock radio airplay .
Yeah , that ’ll be the day , when we hear Mika on Active Rock .
The U.K. and the Continent are a couple of years and a couple of changes behind the U.S.
They still embrace mass superstars .
The twenty first century has n’t yet hit .
But it will .
35 . Owl City " Ocean Eyes "
Sales this week : 13,382
Weeks on : 11
Percentage change : +29
Cume : 98,214
If you have n’t been worked on this record , you ’re not in the record business .
You might be in the music business , but not the record business .
This is the story of September .
In the old days , we all would have checked out the music , gotten excited , rallied ’round .
Today , why care ?
But if you do check out the tunes , there is something there .
But if this is the great white hope of Universal , is that company the big bad wolf it likes to be perceived as being , all seeing , dominant , or is Doug Morris Oz ?
There ’s an Owl City business .
And I find it interesting .
But it ’s not a mainstream business .
In the old days , if you broke through , in a world where very little did , you ’d made it .
But now there are so many acts that if you make it , you end up being the Fray .
A band that ’s propped up by hits with very few hard core fans .
If only this were an outside story .
This is what Monsters Of Folk should be .
But , the hipsters can’t have this much melody , ca n’t be this sunny .
And the hipsters can’t embrace anything that ’s got a shred of pop .
Owl City is closer to Jack ’s Mannequin than Taylor Swift .
It ’s inherently niche .
But you convinced me , you closed me .
37 . Sean Kingston " Tomorrow "
Sales this week : 12,643
Debut
That ’s what Mr. Kingston should be worrying about , tomorrow !
What was the name of that guy who had the novelty hit , on Universal … the one about being caught … it was n’t me …
Shaggy !
Yes , the industry gets all excited about someone who ’s just created the new " Macarena " , believing they ’ve broken a new star , when all they ’ve created is a fad .
45 . Eminem " Relapse "
Sales this week : 10,901
Weeks on : 19
Percentage change : - 21
Cume : 1,449,397
Wow , talk about history .
Have you heard anybody mention Marshall ’s name recently ?
Mathers was an early twenty first century superstar , when we were all still paying attention , when we were on MTV hangover , when there was still a monoculture .
Em would be better off pulling a Lil Wayne .
Releasing mixtapes to enhance his credibility .
Because there ’s no room at the top anymore .
Unless he wants to marry Beyonce ’s sister and become a business magnate and sign a huge deal with Live Nation …
But what ’s that got to do with music ?
64 . Jason Mraz " We Sing , We Dance , We Steal Things "
Sales this week : 7,271
Percentage change : +7
Weeks on : 72
Cume : 1,373,416
Cute , killer live and is nice to boot .
But that did n’t sell his second album .
It all comes down to the hit , the song , " I ’m Yours " .
If you want to sell records , you ’ve got to have that one track that everybody embraces .
Pearl Jam would be better off with that one cut than a whole album .
But at least Pearl Jam has credibility in its favor .
Jason Mraz lives in a no -man ’s land .
Built by pop , he lives and dies by pop .
If you ’re a popster , you ’ve got to deliver that hit .
Jason did .
67 . Brad Paisley " American Saturday Night "
Sales this week : 6,670
Percentage change : - 17
Weeks on : 13
Cume : 337,143
Good guitar player , writes nice changes , but listening to the lyrics is like hearing the stories of the kid in home room with no friends who stays in his bedroom all weekend and likes to act like he ’s got a life .
Positively awful .
Endless novelty .
Wo n’t anybody speak the truth ?
Send him off to poetry camp .
Have him sing about wooing his wife .
Enough of this sophomoric crap .
68 . Kenny Chesney " Greatest Hits II "
Sales this week : 6,623
Percentage change : - 20
Weeks on : 19
Cume : 426,820
He ’s been so busy being Kenny Chesney , entertainer of the year , that he has n’t released great music in years .
Kenny ’s best songs were written by him .
He ’s taking next summer off from touring to write .
Finally .
You ca n’t coast on being a star forever , that ’s for those next on the chart , U2 .
69 . U2 " No Line On The Horizon "
Sales this week : 6,603
Percentage change : +5
Weeks on : 30
Cume : 1,010,128
There ’s that SNL bounce !
Oh , do n’t tell me not enough people can get to the store .
You buy those tracks online now , baby !
Assuming you ’re buying them .
But U2 has turned into the Stones , it ’s not about the new music , it ’s about the oldies , the classics , getting you to come relive your youth .
They start off with three new tracks live .
What hubris .
Who gives a shit .
They need to write off this album and release a new track immediately , generate some buzz .
Do n’t wait until the tour is done to release a new album written on the road …
Supposedly Bono is in touch ?
Then does n’t he realize the cycle has accelerated ?
The last Pearl Jam hit was a cover of " Last Kiss " .
Other than the revenue generated , PJ would have been better off releasing one cover or one killer track , it would have generated more buzz , sold more tickets .
Same deal with U2 .
And who let out the story that U2 ’s costs are so exorbitant that the tour wo n’t break even until after the U.S. leg ?
What , does Paul McGuinness still think we ’re living in the nineties ?
In an era of carbon offsets , of slimming down , of environmentalism , of watching the bottom line , McGuinness wants us to embrace the Escalade of tours ?
We should party like it ’s 1999 ?
Prince does it without sets , why ca n’t U2 ?
This band has left the track .
So isolated , it ’s completely out of touch with reality .
They go on SNL and those who do watch are unimpressed .
If this is the biggest band in the world , that must not be a moniker one should aspire to .
Because being the biggest means being a has - been lumbering giant that has no perception of how the real world works .
70 . Uncle Kracker " Happy Hour "
Sales this week : 6,337
Percentage change : - 51
Weeks on : 2
Cume : 19,329
Why .
Better to write a check to Kracker if he ’s got a guaranteed contract than to put this out .
He had a hit once …
So ?
He ’s not seen as a career artist .
Majors chase hits .
It ’s hard to get one and they pay fewer dividends than ever before .
CONCLUSION
No one seems to realize you ca n’t get rich anymore .
You ca n’t sell enough albums , you ca n’t sell enough high - priced tickets .
The music industry is functioning like it ’s still the 1990s when a revolution has taken place .
It ’s not about stopping P2P theft , that wo n’t make album sales go up dramatically .
The public just does n’t care .
Who could , about manufactured crap or stuff that ’s too hip for almost anybody ’s room .
And they may never care , not for years .
So it ’s back to the bunker .
Yes , you ’ve got to be in it for the music .
You ’ve got to love to play .
You ca n’t want to become rich , because even a Top Forty hit generates little cash .
It ’s about having a career .
But those with careers are not flying private and buying Lamborghinis unless they made it in the seventies .
And no one wants to overpay to see those dudes one more time .
Major labels have fired the worker bees .
It would be like Facebook being run by an overpaid Mark Zuckerberg , and him alone .
But these big tech companies have tons of infrastructure .
There ’s no infrastructure at a major anymore .
And with a tech company it ’s all about scale .
Can it grow ?
The majors are anti-scale .
It ’s how can we cut enough overhead and get enough rights so we can still pay our presidents millions ?
This is a recipe for the future ?
And the formerly brain dead touring industry can’t see there ’s a problem .
Used to be the agents and promoters lived on the backs of the record companies .
The labels spent to build stars that people wanted to see .
Now , the labels do n’t have that kind of money , albums do n’t sell well enough , hell , they want some of that touring industry money themselves !
So what does the touring industry do ?
Raise prices !
But the audience has had enough .
And they do n’t want to see new bands , why should they ?
It ’s more fun to play games on your iPhone , cruise for dates on Craigslist , which is positively free .
If the money is coming back , music has to drive the culture .
Going to the show must be a monthly occurrence , not a once a year event .
Breaking bands takes a long time .
Oh , you can try a short cut , with a hit single , but that does n’t generate a career .
So , the turning point has come .
Everybody in it for the money is experiencing his last hurrah .
Finally , the stage is set for new players , doing it only for the music , to rebuild the industry .
Because there ’s just not enough money in it for the old powers to continue to reign .
And only interested in the biggest sellers , who do n’t sell crap anymore , they ’re leaving a ton of crumbs on the table .
Majors should get out of new music production , they do it poorly , the risk to reward ratio is horrible .
They should just be catalog houses .
When will they admit this to themselves ?
Live Nation ’s problems are worse .
There are no stars to fill their buildings .
A merger with Ticketmaster brings talent , but does one expect Irving to just hand over acts on bad terms ?
And those ancient acts can’t sell tickets like they used to .
Holy fuck .
While everybody ’s been focusing on people stealing the music , the whole business imploded .
The album model has been destroyed .
You ’re better off selling one hit single on iTunes and having no album !
The concept of a hit driving fans to hear the other nine tracks is laughable .
People know the rest is crap .
They ’ve learned this over decades .
It will take years to convince them otherwise .
But you ’ve got to start with great music , that ’s the only way out of this .
And there ’s just not enough of it .
Because the industry is leaving the consumer out of the equation .
Labels sell to radio and indies are so busy trying to look hip , most people do n’t pay attention .
A sorry state of affairs , but not terminal .
Just like Facebook eclipsed MySpace almost instantly , music could be revived again .
But not by Rupert Murdoch and those fucks at MySpace , they ’re too old wave , but by innovators .
You might decry Twitter , but there ’s more action there than there is on this chart .
Twitter is everything music used to be…immediate , thrilling , satisfying , educational …and you could be a part of it !
Interscope does n’t care about fans , it cares about lifestyle , that of its executives , and the fans know it .
I do n’t see Jimmy inviting Black Eyed Peas fans into the building to romp and participate .
It ’s us versus them in the music business whereas online we ’re all in it together , the customer is truly king .
History has wiped the landscape clean .
We ’re at the dawn of a new age .
Thank fucking god .
You are here : Home All Articles / Photographic Therapy – A Free Photography Book – by Rolando Gomez
Photographic Therapy – A Free Photography Book – by Rolando Gomez
Photographic Therapy – a Free Photography Book – by Rolando Gomez
Rolando Gomez , well known author of several photography books , has a new site called Free Photography Books .
Go there , sign up for his mailing list and you will be notified of more free photography books he puts out .
His current free book is “ Photographic Therapy – The Power of Photography to Help Build or Re- Build Self - Esteem “ , and is available for download right now from this link .
After briefly going through it , I like what I see .
There are tips for photography but the tips and the stories are more geared toward Photographic Therapy , and by that I mean therapy for the subject , through the means of photography .
There are stories about women who ’s husbands left them for the bridesmaid .
Lame right ?
I think so , and this leaves the bride with a broken heart , and “ emotional Baggage ” that she ’s going to have to deal with .
What Rolando is saying here is to help people with the lens of your camera , and your lighting .
Make people feel good about themselves , help them to move along in life with a better attitude about themselves and life .
In the book “ Photographic Therapy ” , Rolando tells some stories about people whom he has come across , and the images he has taken of them , and goes over some technique as well .
He also tells about the after effects of certain photo sessions , both good and bad , and the results of how someone else can make a person feel ( jealous or encouraging husband / boyfriend ) .
Some of the techniques discussed are lighting and how you can light a person to slim them down , or to correct a physical challenge or hide a blemish .
I have always thought to myself of this as a viable way to help people , but have never seen anyone else talk about it .
Until now .
It ’s nice to see someone put words to it and write a book about it .
We as photographers have a responsibility to people to make them feel comfortable and good about themselves if we can .
We have the power to make someone feel either : very self conscious and bad about themselves , or very comfortable and good about themselves .
The camera , and what we represent as photographers , is a very powerful tool and for us as photographers to abuse this power is not cool .
The last sentence brings to mind the subject of GWC , or otherwise known as “ Guy With Camera ” .
It ’s a derogatory term for an amateur photographer or a person who bought a camera solely for the reason to get close to models or women .
To use the persons trust as a “ Photographer ” to let them get close to them and take pictures .
Usually Bad ones .
I want to say that the person who is the GWC is n’t necessarily a photographer , nor does the “ woman ” have to be a model .
Usually the GWC will prey on unsuspecting women , so they can have access to nude or semi nude women .
With this being said they are the people who might give photographers a bad name .
So just be aware of the difference .
I had a girl who used to come shoot with me , and I think only me , who did modeling and burlesque show dancing to help herself come out of her shell .
A shy girl who was soft spoken and styled hair for a living she , came to me with some ideas and wanted me to photo them for her .
I did and had her come back a few more times .
She eventually got married , retired the burlesque show dancing and I am not sure if she ever modeled ever again , but I am glad and lucky I was able to photo her .
She was one of the best models I have ever worked with and she landed me a back cover on a well known fetish magazine called Secret Magazine .
Those images I took with that model are some of my best , my favorite and most cherished images .
So much so that I used them for my business cards and i always get compliments on the images .
I ’m glad Rolando came out with his free book .
It touches on a subject most people avoid , and it gave me the topic for this post .
It reminds me of who I am and to remain humble and be careful of what I say to people .
Enjoy your week …
Darkman .
The bedtime stories ad warns about the dangers of climate change A £ 6 m government ad warning about climate change is to be investigated by watchdogs over claims it is misleading and too " scary " for children .
The Advertising Standards Authority has received 357 complaints about the Department of Energy and Climate Change 's " bedtime stories " ad .
The ad aims to make adults feel guilty about the impact their carbon emissions are having on their children 's future .
It is being used to promote DECC's Act on CO2 carbon reduction initiative .
The minute - long ad , which launched on 9 October , features a father telling his daughter a bedtime story about " a very very strange " world with " horrible consequences " for children .
It then goes on to show streets and houses underwater , with cartoon animals and people drowning and a jagged - tooth monster in the sky , representing global warming .
Taste and decency
It also includes scientific claims including the line : " The grown - ups discovered that over 40 % of the CO2 comes from everyday things like keeping houses warm and driving cars . "
The ad has been accused of frightening children
The government has already been prevented from screening the ad during children 's programmes .
But the ASA has still received complaints from parents saying it is too frightening , although most complainants questioned the scientific basis of the claim that climate change is man-made .
An ASA spokeswoman said : " It is not just about the issue of climate change in this particular case .
We have had a huge number of complaints about the science but also whether the ad itself is scary for children . "
She said the watchdog would be investigating whether the claims about climate change could be substantiated and whether the ad complied with taste and decency rules .
But because of the complex issues involved the probe is likely to take longer than normal , she added .
The ad is directed at adults , but we know that the proposition to ' protect the next generation ' is a motivating one
Joan Ruddock , climate change minister
The authority could place further restrictions on when ad can be shown or ban it altogether , if the ad is found to be in breach of its codes .
The campaign was launched after government research suggested more than 50 % of people in the UK did not think climate change would affect them .
Energy and Climate Change Minister Joan Ruddock last week defended the approach taken in the advertisement .
She said : " The Department of Energy and Climate Change stands by the messages in the television ad , and the creative approach .
" The ad is directed at adults , but we know that the proposition to ' protect the next generation ' is a motivating one .
" Climate change is not just a problem for generations of people far in the future , it is happening now , it affects us and our children , and we owe it to them to take action now to prevent its worst effects . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Detroit's Socialist Nightmare Is America 's Future
One of the most important things to remember about socialism – or coercion of any kind – is it fails eventually because human beings have an innate desire for liberty and a strong need for personal property rights .
In fact , the origins of government lie in the need of agricultural communities to protect themselves from violence and theft .
So it is particularly ironic that in more recent times , it is government itself that has more frequently played the role of bandit .
When you start taxing people at extreme rates to pay for socialist “ benefits , ” when you start telling them which schools their children must attend , when you start giving jobs away to people based on race instead of ability … you quash human freedom , which bogs down productivity … and if continued for long enough , leads to social collapse .
I find it perplexing that only 20 years after the collapse of the Berlin Wall , the West continues to implement laws that mimic all of the failed policies of our former “ communist ” foes .
In fact , our current president won the election by promising to “ spread the wealth around . ”
But … truth be told … we do n’t have to look to Eastern Europe or the Soviet Union to find a society destroyed by coercion , socialism , and the overreaching power of the State .
We could just look at Detroit …
In 1961 , the last Republican mayor of Detroit lost his re-election bid to a young , intelligent Democrat , with the overwhelming support of newly organized black voters .
His name was Jerome Cavanagh .
The incumbent was widely considered to be corrupt ( and later served 10 years in prison for tax evasion ) .
Cavanagh , a white man , pandered to poor underclass black voters .
He marched with Martin Luther King down the streets of Detroit in 1963 .
( Of course , marching with King was the right thing to do …
It ’s just Cavanagh ’s motives were political not moral . )
He instated aggressive affirmative action policies at City Hall .
And most critically , he greatly expanded the role of the government in Detroit , taking advantage of President Lyndon Johnson ’s “ Model Cities Program ” – the first great experiment in centralized urban planning .
Mayor Cavanagh was the only elected official to serve on Johnson ’s task force .
And Detroit received widespread acclaim for its leadership in the program , which attempted to turn a nine - square - mile section of the city ( with 134,000 inhabitants ) into a “ model city . ”
More than $ 400 million was spent trying to turn inner cities into shining new monuments to government planning .
In short , the feds and Democratic city mayors were soon telling people where to live , what to build , and what businesses to open or close .
In return , the people received cash , training , education , and health care .
The Model Cities program was a disaster for Detroit .
But it did accomplish its real goal :
The creation of a state - supported , Democratic political power base .
The program also resulted in much higher taxes – which were easy to pitch to poor voters who did n’t have to pay them .
Cavanagh pushed a new income tax through the state legislature and a “ commuter tax ” on city workers .
Unfortunately , as with all socialist programs , lots of folks simply do n’t like being told what to do .
Lots of folks do n’t like being plundered by the government .
They do n’t like losing their jobs because of their race .
In Detroit , they did n’t like paying new , large taxes to fund a largely black and Democratic political hegemony .
And so , in 1966 , more than 22,000 middle - and upper - class residents moved out of the city .
But what about the poor ?
As my friend Doug Casey likes to say , in the War on Poverty , the poor lost the most .
In July 1967 , police attempted to break up a late - night party in the middle of the new “ Model City . ”
The scene turned into the worst race riot of the 1960s .
The violence killed more than 40 people and left more than 5,000 people homeless .
One of the first stores to be looted was the black - owned pharmacy .
The largest black - owned clothing store in the city was also burned to the ground .
Cavanagh did nothing to stop the riots , fearing a large police presence would make matters worse .
Five days later , Johnson sent in two divisions of paratroopers to put down the insurrection .
Over the next 18 months , an additional 140,000 upper - and middle - class residents – almost all of them white – left the city .
And so , you might rightfully ask … after five years of centralized planning , higher taxes , and a fleeing population , what did the government decide to do with its grand experiment , its “ Model City ” ?
You ’ll never guess … .
Seeing it had accomplished nothing but failure , the government endeavored to do still more .
The Model City program was expanded and enlarged by 1974 ’s Community Development Block Grant Program .
Here again , politicians would decide which groups ( and even individuals ) would receive state funds for various “ renewal ” schemes .
Later , Big Business was brought into the fold .
In exchange for various concessions , the Big Three automakers “ gave ” $ 488 million to the city for use in still more redevelopment schemes in the mid-1990s .
What happened ?
Even with all of their power and all of the money , centralized planners could n’t succeed with any of their plans .
Nearly all of the upper and middle class left Detroit .
The poor fled , too .
The Model City area lost 63 % of its population and 45 % of its housing units from the inception of the program through 1990 .
Even today , the crisis continues .
At a recent auction of nearly 9,000 seized homes and lots , less than one - fifth of the available properties sold , even with bidding starting at $ 500 .
You literally can’t give away most of the “ Model City ” areas today .
The properties put up for sale last week represented an area the size of New York ’s Central Park .
Total vacant land in Detroit now occupies an area the size of Boston – Detroit properties in foreclosure have more than tripled since 2007 .
Every single mayor of Detroit since 1961 has been a Democrat .
Every single mayor of Detroit since 1974 has been black .
Detroit has been a major recipient of every major social program since the early 1960s and has received hundreds of billions of dollars in government grants , loans , and programs .
We now have a black , Democrat president , who is promising to do to America as a whole what his political mentors have done to Detroit .
Those of you with a Democratic political affiliation may think what I ’ve written above is biased or false .
You may think what you like .
But there is no way to argue that what the government has done to Detroit is anything but a horrendous crime .
You may think what I ’ve written above is merely a political analysis .
Perhaps so , but politicians drive macroeconomic policy .
And macroeconomic policy determines key financial metrics , like the trade - weighted value of a currency and key interest rates .
The likelihood America will become a giant Detroit is growing – rapidly .
Politicians now control the banking sector , most of the manufacturing sector ( including autos ) , a large amount of media , and are threatening to take over health care and the production of electricity ( via cap and trade rules ) .
These are the biggest threats to wealth in the history of our country .
And these threats are causing the world ’s most accomplished and wealthy investors to actively short sell the United States – something that is unprecedented in my experience .
Regards ,
Porter Stansberry
November 2 , 2009
Editor ’s Note : A big thanks to Porter Stansberry for this article .
We here at Whiskey were very eager to run it .
If you would like to read more from Porter and find out about his investment research , just take a look here .
The Chinese have been engineering the weather for years and plans to geoengineer the climate to delay climate change are in the works , so is it any surprise that a proposal to build a huge artificial mountain in Berlin is gaining public support ?
Dubbed “ the Berg ” , architect Jakob Tigges ’ 1,000 - meter - high structure would be the largest artificial mountain in the world .
If built , it would take the place of the now - defunct Tempelhof Airport , a massive , Naz - designed structure in the center of the city .
In addition to being a tourist spot , the Berg would also act as a natural habitat for wildlife , provide new slopes for skiers , and contain challenging trails for hikers .
As the Berg ’s manifesto puts it , “ While big and wealthy cities in many parts of the world challenge the
limits of possibility by building gigantic hotels with fancy shapes ,
erecting sky - high office towers or constructing hovering philharmonic
temples , Berlin sets up a decent mountain . ”
Whether the Berg has a future , however , is debatable .
The Berg currently has 3,608 fans on Facebook , but financing could prove difficult –the possibility of finding , transporting , and constructing all the materials necessary for artificial mountain is daunting , to say the least .
But it ’s an admirable idea , and one that shows the innovative lengths some people will go to to preserve nature .
[ Via Archdaily ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Around 60 people were injured in a crowd surge during a performance by the group JLS at Birmingham 's Christmas lights switch - on .
More than 20,000 people turned out for the event at Millennium Point which had been due to feature pop acts including Alexandra Burke and the Sugababes .
The city council said problems arose when people tried to force their way through barriers to get into the event .
Two women , a teenage girl and a boy required hospital treatment .
Reports say up to 27,000 people were at the site by the time JLS finished .
The council said a combination of fears over the number of people and bad weather led them to cancel the event .
One person was carried out on a spinal board - and we saw a police officer injured too
Martin Krol
Eyewitness
' Eyewitnesses describe crush ' Your photos of the chaos Paramedic Barry Timms said : " There was a very large crowd , believed to be 21,000 people , in attendance and there had been a crush outside the event trying to get in as JLS started playing .
" A metal fencing collapsed trapping a couple of people underneath .
One of them was a female in her 30s that 's got some quite serious injuries and a teenage girl also has crush injuries and was taken to hospital .
" As the barrier collapsed it 's believed people were trapped and trampled underneath it . "
He said a young boy and another woman were also taken to hospital with fractures to arms and legs .
Mr Timms said the woman with more serious injuries is being treated and it is hoped she will be fine .
The other three had minor injuries and would be discharged , he added .
' Absolute chaos ' Martin Krol , who lives in a flat overlooking Millennium Point , said he saw people pushing at a fence at the front of the crowd .
He said : " Police had already stopped people from going through into the main bit because there were so many of them , so an extra line of people had been created at the back of the main crowd .
" The police were totally outnumbered - there were far too many people in the crowd for them to be able to cope .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It was absolute chaos - the ambulances could n't get through - and it took quite a while for them to be able to clear the area because there were so many people .
" We saw people who had been knocked unconscious and carried out into ambulances .
One person was carried out on a spinal board - and we saw a police officer injured too . "
The area around Millennium Point has now been cleared and emergency crews were urging people to stay away from the area .
A council spokesman said the gates were closed after the square reached its capacity .
' Very sorry '
An emergency meeting was held between the council , emergency services and the joint organisers , radio station BRMB , and a decision was made to cancel the event .
Steve Hollingworth from Birmingham City Council said the event had been properly organised .
He told BBC News : " We had a full meeting beforehand with all the emergency services .
Everybody was comfortable with what we were doing .
" We are experienced at holding events but clearly the crowd was very significant and the people outside the event were clearly determined to get in .
" We 'll do a full investigation and learn from what 's happened . "
JLS first made their name as runners - up in the fifth series of ITV reality talent show The X Factor in 2008 .
This year , their first two singles , Beat Again and Everybody In Love , have shot to number one in the charts and the band won two Mobo ( Music of Black Origin ) awards .
They also attract a legion of particularly fervent young female fans .
In December , the band staged a free show at Croydon 's Fairfield Halls and five teenage girls were injured as more than 2,000 fans turned up .
Fireworks
Other acts that had been scheduled to appear as part of the five - hour event in Birmingham included Calvin Harris , Tinchy Stryder , Natalie Imbruglia , Chipmunk , Girls Can't Catch , Little Boots , The Saturdays , The Noisettes , Taio Cruz and Pixie Lott .
The night was due to finish with a fireworks display .
Prior to the event , a statement on the city council website said : " In order to keep the area safe for everyone West Midlands Police have asked people not to bring their own alcohol , and not to bring valuables with them as a precaution .
" They hope people will refrain from any pushing and shoving , so that people of all ages can enjoy the concert comfortably . "
The city 's Christmas lights are now due to be switched on in Birmingham 's High Street at 1630 GMT on Sunday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " And then Ted said he'd ? "
Man says , " Ho ho !
I 've seen that a million times ! "
Man says , " At my old job we used to make cricket noises whenever our manager was approaching . "
Man says , " But that does n't mean you should cut corners when it comes to quality . "
Dilbert says , " You 're hijacking our conversation ! "
Man says , " I 'm adding value . "
Dilbert says , " You do n't even know what we were talking about . "
Wally says , " Apparently you have a social disorder that compes you to insert irrelevant stories and trite observations into other people 's conversations . "
Wally says , " I assume part of the disorder involves not being able to recognize it in yourself . "
Dilbert says , " I wonder if he can hear us . "
Man says , " Did I tell you about my camping trip ? "
One of the very first actions Barack Obama took after swearing in as President of the United States in January was signing an order to eliminate “ black sites ” run by the CIA .
According to a new report , a detention camp in Afghanistan run by military Special Operations forces was not closed .
The New York Times is reporting today that inmates are being held , often for weeks at a time , in windowless concrete cells at Bagram Air Base .
Former detainees told The Times their only human contact was at twice - daily interrogations .
ADVERTISEMENT
All three former detainees interviewed by The New York Times complained of being held for months after the intensive interrogations were over without being told why .
One detainee said he remained at the Bagram prison complex for two years and four months ; another was held for 10 months total .
When the former detainees were held there , Pentagon policy allowed the military to obtain extensions , but in August the administration restricted the amount of time detainees could be held at military jails to two weeks .
Jonathan Horowitz , a human rights researcher with the Open Society Institute , told The Times , “ Holding people in what appears to be incommunicado detention runs against the grain of the administration ’s commitment to greater transparency , accountability , and respect for the dignity of Afghans . ”
The International Committee of the Red Cross does not discuss its findings publicly and would not say whether its officials had visited the black jail .
Read the complete story here and see the interview transcripts here .
If you are citizen of an European Union member nation , you may not use this service unless you are at least 16 years old .
Stop wasting time looking for files and revisions .
Connect your Gmail , Drive , Dropbox , and Slack accounts and in less than 2 minutes , Dokkio will automatically organize all your file attachments .
Learn more and claim your free account .
View FrontPage Archivist 10 years , 7 months ago Page history last edited by Supporting the Georgia Division of Archives and History through programs at the Georgia Archives and the State Capitol Visit our new site at www.FOGAH.org!
P.O. Box 711 , Morrow , GA , 30260-0711 ~ info@fogah.org FrontPage
Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
Navigator Loading … SideBar VOLUNTEERS
NEEDED !
The Georgia Archives is in need of volunteers to assist .
Please visit www.GeorgiaArchives.org and follow the links from the main page .
Thank you !
Recent Activity Show 0 new item s Loading …
Disrespecting ideas : a good thing ( Image : Allen Beaulieu )
P. Z. Myers has angered millions with his tirades against religion posted on his popular science blog , Pharyngula .
But as Jessica Marshall finds out , the scourge of creationists turns out to be a mild - mannered man from Minnesota
PAUL ZACHARY MYERS drinks his daily coffee at the Common Cup , whose mission is posted in a handwritten sign above its stone fireplace : “ The purpose of Common Cup is to provide a Christian environment and a welcoming place for the local and campus communities to come together . ”
“ I write some of my most subversive screeds against religion sitting there , ” Myers says . …
Assuming you do n’t want to simply escape everything , sanitizing user input is one of the relative weak points of the Rails framework .
On SpeakerRate , where users can use Markdown to format comments and descriptions , we ’ve run up against some of the limitations of Rails ’ built - in sanitization features , so we decided to dig in and fix it ourselves .
In creating our own sanitizer , our goals were threefold : we want to let a subset of HTML in .
As the Markdown documentation clearly states , “ for any markup that is not covered by Markdown ’s syntax , you simply use HTML itself . ”
In keeping with the Markdown philosophy , we can’t simply strip all HTML from incoming comments , so the included HTML : : WhiteListSanitizer is the obvious starting point .
Additionally , we want to escape , rather than remove , non-approved tags , since some commenters want to discuss the merits of , say , < h2 class = " h2 " > .
Contrary to its documentation , WhiteListSanitizer simply removes all non-whitelisted tags .
Someone opened a ticket about this issue in August of 2008 with an included patch , but the ticket was marked as resolved without ever applying it .
Probably for the best , as the patch introduces a new bug .
Finally , we want to escape unclosed tags even if they belong to the whitelist .
An unclosed < strong > tag can wreak havoc on the rest of a page , not to mention what a < div > can do .
Self - closing tags are okay .
With these requirements in mind , we subclassed HTML : : WhiteListSanitizer and fixed it up .
Introducing , then :
HTML ::StathamSanitizer .
User - generated markup , you ’re on notice : this sanitizer will take its shirt off and use it to kick your ass .
At this point , I ’ve written more about the code than code itself , so without further ado :
module HTML class StathamSanitizer < WhiteListSanitizer protected def tokenize ( text , options ) super.map do |token| if token.is_a ?( HTML :: Tag ) && options [ : parent ].include ?( token.name ) token.to_s.gsub (/</ , " < " ) else token end end end def process_node ( node , result , options ) result << case node when HTML :: Tag if node .
closing == : close && options [ : parent ] . first == node.name options [ : parent ] .
shift elsif node.closing != : self options [ : parent ].unshift node.name end process_attributes_for node , options if options [ : tags ].include ?( node.name ) node else bad_tags.include ?( node.name ) ? nil : node.to_s.gsub(/</ , " < " ) end else bad_tags .
include ?( options [ : parent ].first ) ? nil : node.to_s.gsub(/</ , " < " ) end end end end
As always , download and fork at the ’hub .
Browse >
Home Funny / The Funny World of Politics
The Funny World of Politics
When one thinks of politics it is usually perceived as very strict and dull world .
A world where there is no space for laughter or clowning around .
Â
But you need to open your mind and look closely at this collection of images that show the truth about this dynamic and interesting world .
The truth is that the world of politics can be rally funny and accident prone .
The last statement is backed up by recent , already legendary statement of president Obama , when he accidentally showed usÂ what he rally thought and called Kanye West … the way he did .
Back on topic , these funny images show us that when caught at just the right time , our stuck up political icons such as BarackÂ Obama , Nicolas Sarkozy , Â Dmytry Medvedev , George Bush , Bill and Hillary Clinton , John McCain , Vladimir Putin are all just human beings , that ’s for sure .
But whether they will get reelected that remains to be seen .
I hope you will enjoy this funny collection and its second part .
Has Google found the final piece of its voice - calling puzzle ?
Rumors have it that the acquisition - happy search giant has acquired Gizmo5 , a Skype - like VoIP startup .
TechCrunch is reporting that Google has plunked down $ 30 million in cash for Gizmo5 , which offers a software app that lets you make free phone calls to other Gizmo users , as well as inexpensive calls to landlines and cell phones .
It supports SMS and instant messaging , too .
Google has yet to formally announce a Gizmo5 buyout , but many industry watchers think acquisition is a done deal .
A Google spokesperson on Monday told PC World that the company does n't " comment on rumor or speculation . "
Andy Abramson , author of the VoIP Watch blog , sees the Gizmo5 acquisition as a key component of Google 's overall voice stra tegy .
The VoIP startup 's technology provides Google with a PSTN link , or a means of enabling inbound and outbound calls to convention landline and cell phones .
By integrating Gizmo5 's tech with Google Voice , a clever call - management app that provides one number for all of your phones , and the Google Talk voice / chat client , a powerful phone service is born .
" If you put all of this stuff together , you have something a lot more powerful than Skype , " Abramson says .
" Google has just gotten to where Skype wants to go a little faster , assuming the deal is done . "
Free Phone Service Coming ?
So how might Google integrate the various pieces of its voice puzzle ?
And how might consumers benefit ?
Given Google tendancy to stir up trouble in established tech markets -- just ask GPS mapping firms Garmin and TomTom -- a free , ad - support phone service does n't seem too far - fetched .
" Google has a very deep investment in voice search , features that enable people to say , ' find this , find that , ' and then make a phone call , " Abramson says .
" Let 's face it , with the phone companies monopolizing ( voice calling ) , Google could come in and say , ' Hey , we 'll give you phone service that costs nothing , and that 's driven by our advertising revenue , ' " he adds .
One thing 's for certain : Voice will soon get a lot more interesting .
Contact Jeff Bertolucci via Twitter ( @jbertolucci ) or at jbertolucci.blogspot.com .
Atlanta , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Darryl Dawkins , like many teen sports prodigies , was n't afraid to join the professional ranks as a youngster .
He was emboldened by his size and imagination .
A big man -- 6 - foot - 10 in 1975 when the Philadelphia 76ers drafted him out of high school -- Dawkins was n't in awe of the stars of the era , he said .
" I had watched the big men play , and I noticed big men go straight up and down the floor , beat on each other and were responsible for shutting down anybody that comes in the lane .
I thought , ' I can do that , ' " he said .
Confidence is one of the " big three " characteristics , along with composure and concentration , that young athletes need when competing at sports ' highest levels , said Angus Mugford , mental conditioner for IMG Academies in Bradenton , Florida .
IMG , a multi-sport facility that provides camps and schools for athletes , boasts among its alumni tennis ' Venus and Serena Williams and baseball 's Ben Sheets and Nomar Garciaparra .
Mugford has seen plenty of champions pass through IMG 's campus , but said there are " no perfect predictors " for what makes a phenom .
Dakota Simms seems on track for greatness and is hoping the NBA changes its age requirement so he , like Dawkins , can go directly to the NBA from high school .
Simms ' jump shot is masterful ; a basketball fan might consider it art .
He elevates through his legs , toes pointed downward and back straight , and strokes the ball toward the hoop , following through as if he were painting a wall with his fingertips .
He practices the jumper and other elements of his game every day , staying at the gym until he makes at least 200 three - point shots with an NBA regulation ball .
And Dakota is only 9 .
" That form is great .
There 's some guys in the NBA who do n't have form like that , " said ex-Atlanta Hawk and NBA Hall of Famer Dominique Wilkins after he and the youngster met at Philips Arena 's practice court for a friendly three - point shooting contest from the NBA arc .
Watch who won the contest by one shot
" The fact that he 's able to make that many shots is pretty incredible , " Wilkins said .
" If he stays focused like he is right now , he 'll write his own ticket . "
Dawkins , by all accounts , was expected to write his own ticket as well , but he was sidetracked by the temptations that often accompany fame and fortune .
After the 18 - year - old signed a seven - year contract for about $ 1 million -- a sum for which most of today 's NBA players would n't sweep the gym floor -- he quickly immersed himself in " soft drugs " and women , he said .
His backboard - shattering dunks would earn him the moniker " Chocolate Thunder , " but he also garnered a reputation for his playful demeanor and trash talking .
He spun tales of his fictional " Planet Lovetron " and anointed his dunks with colorful names like " Turbo Sexophonic Delight " and " Spine Chiller Supreme . "
Behind the Scenes blog : Dawkins talks inspiration
Dawkins was a hit with fans , but dogged by injuries , he never statistically lived up to their towering expectations during his 14 seasons .
He has no regrets , he said , because he entered the NBA to lift his family out of poverty .
" I lived on the edge , and I 'd take that gamble , " he said .
As head basketball coach at Lehigh Carbon Community College in Allentown , Pennsylvania , he tells his hoopsters to do as he says , not as he did .
" You can be whatever you want to be .
Nurse , doctor , lawyer , teacher -- we need all those , and those are going pro , too .
You can be a doctor a lot longer than you can play ball , " he tells his charges today .
The fate of a teen pro athlete hinges on a host of variables , and only one is sheer skill , Mugford said .
Also important , he said , are breathing , coordination , communication , openness to feedback , intrinsic motivation , an understanding of hydration and nutrition , musculoskeletal development and the ability to recover from the rigors of exercise .
Work ethic is important , too , Mugford said , explaining , " They want to do that -- put the blood , sweat and tears into practice . "
While there are hundreds of examples of teens having average or workmanlike careers , there are also monumental busts and booms .
At one end of the gamut , you have football 's Todd Marinovich and tennis ' Anna Kournikova , young athletes whose hype overshadowed their actual accomplishments .
On the other end , you have Sidney Crosby and LeBron James , guys whose ages were never evident when they took the ice and court as teens .
Learn how James , Crosby came on the scene
Hoping to follow the leads of ballers like James , Dakota practices up to 14 hours a week , but outside his Herculean work ethic , Dakota is a typical kid .
Terence Simms , his coach / father , and Kobe Bryant are his favorite basketball players .
Cheeseburgers and hamburgers are his two favorite foods , in that order , and he enjoys writing stories and playing video games when he 's not on the court .
But talk to him about basketball and you 'll hear some things atypical of 9 - year - olds .
" If you miss some shots , you 've got to get your head right , " Dakota said before a recent practice at a gym in the Atlanta suburbs .
" You 've got to fix it .
Nobody else is going to do it for you . "
It 's imperative that young athletes have focus , drive and the ability to reset their minds when they 're off the playing field , Mugford said , but often overlooked is something that should be at the root of all sports .
" If fun is n't the key element at this point , that 's what typically leads to burnout or change of sport , " Mugford said of young athletes .
Having fun certainly helped Jonathan Spector .
A member of the U.S. national soccer team who plays for England 's Premiership squad West Ham United , Spector said it was hard to be homesick when he was doing something he loved .
The IMG graduate moved to England in 2003 after Manchester United offered him a contract at age 17 .
" It 's one of the best clubs in the world , and I was pursuing things I wanted to do so it was kind of hard to feel sorry for yourself , " he said .
Spector had to acclimate plenty .
Without his friends and family nearby , he faced new competition , different styles of play , constant travel and , of course , the pressure of 40,000 spectators watching .
" There 's pressure now .
There was pressure then , but I 've never really been one to succumb to that or let it affect me in any way , " he explained .
" I kind of thrive on it .
It 's something I enjoy . "
Rachele Fico is not easily rattled , either .
A softball slinger with a rise ball her father describes as " murder , " Fico began receiving letters of interest as soon as she took the mound in high school .
Pitches clocked at 64 mph catch recruiters ' attention , and Fico was throwing curveballs at 68 her junior year .
Louisiana State University signed Fico last year , before she even tossed a pitch her senior season ( she later shattered the national high school record for career perfect games ) .
Ralph Fico said his daughter owes her success to her unflappable bearing and to her diligence -- she has thrown about 30,000 pitches a year since she was 9 .
" Nothing really seems to bother her .
She does n't show it .
I 'm sure there 's a lot of adrenaline flowing , " he said .
Athletes who hone these coping attributes at an early age are better able to deal with fear and pressure at higher levels as adults , Mugford said .
Though IMG spends a great deal of time and resources trying to ascertain what makes athletes great , Mugford concurs with Dawkins that making great people takes priority .
" A pro sports career is only going to be so long .
They 're going to be around for a much longer time as people , " he said .
" Ultimately , we want the best person out of the deal . "
Marc Dreier ’s Crime of Destiny , by Bryan Burrough ( November 2009 )
Great things were always expected of Marc Dreier , and he expected them for himself .
He needed the hotshot litigating career .
He needed a Hamptons beachfront house .
Thus began a four - year Ponzi scheme which all unraveled just days before the Madoff scandal broke , bringing the 59 - year - old attorney a 20 - year prison sentence .
Bryan Burrough gets Dreier ’s blow - by - blow account of what it ’s like to turn bad .
Good Billions After Bad , by Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele ( October 2009 )
As the Bush administration waned , the Treasury shoveled more than a quarter of a trillion dollars in tarp funds into the financial system — without restrictions , accountability , or even common sense .
Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele reveal how much of it ended up in the wrong hands , doing the opposite of what was needed .
Henry Paulson ’s Longest Night , by Todd S. Purdum ( October 2009 )
In 2006 , Goldman Sachs C.E.O.
Henry Paulson reluctantly became Treasury secretary for an unpopular , lame - duck president .
In private conversations throughout his term , as crisis followed crisis , Paulson gave Todd S. Purdum the inside track , from the political lunacy and bailout plans to the sleepless nights and flat - out fear , as he battled the greatest economic disruption in 80 years .
The 100 to Blame , by Bruce Feirstein ( September 2 , 2009 )
Time to stop investigating and point the finger .
Bruce Feirstein charts the 100 people , companies , institutions , and vices most responsible for the economic mess .
The Man Who Crashed the World , by Michael Lewis ( August 2009 )
Almost a year after A.I.G. ’s collapse , there still has been no clear explanation of what toppled the insurance giant .
Michael Lewis decides to ask the people involved — the silent , shell - shocked traders of the A.I.G. Financial Products unit — and finds that the story may have a villain , whose reign of terror brought the company , the U.S. economy , and the global financial system to their knees .
Rich Harvard , Poor Harvard , by Nina Munk ( August 2009 )
Only a year ago , Harvard had a $ 36.9 billion endowment , the largest in academia .
Now that endowment has imploded , and the university faces the worst financial crisis in its 373 - year history .
Could the same lethal mix of uncurbed expansion , colossal debt , arrogance , and mismanagement that ravaged Wall Street bring down America ’s most famous university ?
Pirate of the Caribbean , by Bryan Burrough ( July 2009 )
With little more than laserlike ambition and a brash Texas charm , Allen Stanford built an $ 8 billion Caribbean banking empire , exposed in February as perhaps the second - largest Ponzi scheme ( after Madoff ’s ) in history .
How did a bankrupt
Waco health - club owner vault onto the Forbes Four Hundred , while the S.E.C. , the F.B.I. , and others mounted investigation after investigation of his shadowy business ?
Wall Street ’s Toxic Message , by Joseph E. Stiglitz ( July 2009 )
When the current crisis is over , the reputation of American - style capitalism will have taken a beating — not least because of the gap between what Washington practices and what it preaches .
Disillusioned developing nations may well turn their backs on the free market , warns Nobel laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz , posing new threats to global stability and U.S. security .
Hello , Madoff !
( What the Secretary Saw ) , by Mark Seal and Eleanor Squillari ( June 2009 )
For more than two decades , Bernard Madoff ’s secretary sat just outside his office .
She knew his clients and his feeders , his moods , habits , and indiscretions .
She saw both sides of his wife , Ruth .
Until December 11 , 2008 , she trusted him as a generous , caring boss .
Now , in an exclusive collaboration with Mark Seal , Eleanor Squillari describes the madness surrounding Madoff ’s arrest — meticulously planned , she believes , by him — her role in helping the feds , and the mysteries of the 17th floor , two levels down , where his massive Ponzi scheme was perpetrated .
Madoff ’s World , by Mark Seal ( April 2009 )
Among Bernard Madoff ’s many dupes were his closest friends , including two tycoons he loved as surrogate fathers : the late Norman F. Levy — whose girlfriend , supermodel Carmen Dell ’ Orefice , would lose her life savings — and the prominent philanthropist Carl J. Shapiro .
Amid the sobs , screams , and curses in Aspen , Palm Beach , and New York , with victims sharing their stories , the author gets behind Madoff ’s affable façade , to reveal his most intimate betrayals .
Over the Hedge , by Bethany McLean ( April 2009 )
The five hotshots who took Fortress Investment Group public were worth billions at first .
Today they look like arrogant showboats , and their story helps explain why hedge funds are imploding by the thousands — and why there ’s still a truckload of money to be made .
Wall Street on the Tundra , by Michael Lewis ( April 2009 )
Iceland ’s de facto bankruptcy — its currency ( the krona ) is kaput , its debt is 850 percent of G.D.P. , its people are hoarding food and cash and blowing up their new Range Rovers for the insurance — resulted from a stunning collective madness .
What led a tiny fishing nation , population 300,000 , to decide , around 2003 , to re-invent itself as a global financial power ?
In Reykjavík , where men are men , and the women seem to have completely given up on them , the author follows the peculiarly Icelandic logic behind the meltdown .
Wall Street ’s $ 18.4 Billion Bonus , by Michael Shnayerson ( March 2009 )
After getting $ 125 billion in taxpayer bailouts , the top officers at Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs , and three other banks agreed to forgo their 2008 bonuses .
Now they ’re awarding billions to their troops .
Can government “ claw back ” that money ?
Fannie Mae ’s Last Stand , by Bethany McLean ( February 2009 )
Many believe the government - backed mortgage giants known as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were major culprits in the economic meltdown .
But , for decades , Fannie Mae had been under siege from powerful enemies , who resented its privileged status , its hard - driving C.E.O. ’s , and its huge profits .
Bethany McLean tells of the long , vicious war — involving most of Washington ’s top players — that helped propel one of the world ’s most successful companies off a cliff .
Capitalist Fools , by Joseph E. Stiglitz ( January 2009 )
Behind the debate over remaking U.S. financial policy will be a debate over who ’s to blame .
It ’s crucial to get the history right , writes a Nobel - laureate economist , identifying five key mistakes — and one national delusion .
Madoff in Manhattan , by Marie Brenner ( January 2009 )
Bernard Madoff ’s scam was global , but his center of gravity was Manhattan ’s Upper East Side .
Speaking to longtime residents of the tony enclave , including many who lost millions with Madoff , the author explores the thorny issues of class and religion that the scandal has brought to the surface .
Profiles in Panic , by Michael Shnayerson ( January 2009 )
With Wall Street hemorrhaging jobs and assets , even many of the wealthiest players are retrenching .
Others , like the Lehman Brothers bankers who borrowed against their millions in stock , have lost everything .
As the world of the Big Rich collapses , its culture is in shock and its values in question .
Wall Street Lays Another Egg , by Niall Ferguson ( December 2008 )
Not so long ago , the dollar stood for a sum of gold , and bankers knew the people they lent to .
The author charts the emergence of an abstract , even absurd world where mathematical models ignored both history and human nature , and value had no meaning .
The News Blues , by James Wolcott ( November 2008 )
The author has lived through a lot of hair - raising times — nuclear standoffs , assassinations , 9/11 , financial meltdown — but now he ’s sure the world is going to hell in a handbasket .
Reversal of Fortune , by Joseph E. Stiglitz ( November 2008 )
Describing how ideology , special - interest pressure , populist politics , and sheer incompetence have left the U.S. economy on life support , the author puts forth a clear , commonsense plan to reverse the Bush - era follies and regain America ’s economic sanity .
The New Establishment 2008 ( October 2008 )
The economy may be in shambles , but the moguls of the V.F. 100 are still moving , shaking , merging , and acquiring .
The Stock Market ’s 25 Biggest Losers , by Peter Newcomb ( October 2008 )
Bringing Down Bear Stearns , by Bryan Burrough ( August 2008 )
On March 10 , the rumor started : Bear Stearns was having liquidity problems .
The speculation created its own reality , and the race was on to keep Bear ’s crisis from ravaging Wall Street .
Hamptons Overdrive , by Michael Shnayerson ( August 2008 )
Amid whispers about which Wall Street casualties will lose their summer spreads , the market for properties below $ 10 million is grim .
The author checks the real - estate temperature of the country ’s most celebrated summer retreat to see if its mere mega-millionaires are about to take a cold dip .
The $ 3 Trillion War , by Joseph E. Stiglitz and Linda J. Bilmes ( April 2008 )
The Bush administration ’s spending on military operations is merely the tip of a vast fiscal iceberg .
In an excerpt from their new book , the authors calculate the grim bottom line .
America ’s 50 Richest Paydays : Who , What , and How Much , by Peter Newcomb ( April 2008 )
Here are the 50 players ( and one lucky canine ) who enjoyed windfalls thanks to large transactions : stock cash - outs , I.P.O. ’s , sales of companies , real - estate deals — even inheritances .
The Economic Consequences of Mr. Bush , by Joseph E. Stiglitz ( December 2007 )
The next president will have to deal with yet another crippling legacy of George W. Bush : the economy .
A Nobel laureate sees a generation - long struggle to recoup .
The People vs. the Profiteers , by David Rose ( November 2007 )
Americans working in Iraq for Halliburton spin - off KBR have been outraged by the massive fraud they saw there .
Dozens are suing the giant military contractor , on the taxpayers ’ behalf .
Billions over Baghdad , by Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele ( October 2007 )
Between April 2003 and June 2004 , $ 12 billion in U.S. currency — much of it belonging to the Iraqi people — was shipped from the Federal Reserve to Baghdad , where it was dispensed by the Coalition Provisional Authority .
Incredibly , at least $ 9 billion has gone missing .
The Sack of Washington , by Cullen Murphy ( June 2007 )
Comparisons of America and Rome are everywhere these days , whether deploring an over - extended military , social decadence , or illegal immigration .
A more disturbing — and largely ignored — similarity lies in the wholesale privatization of the U.S. government , which has blurred the line between public good and personal gain .
The Rise of Big Water , by Charles C. Mann ( May 2007 )
The water crisis is now .
As major cities battle drought and pollution , they are turning to a handful of Western companies to manage the problem .
Serious Money , by Michael Wolff ( May 2007 )
Everyone who ’s anyone is getting into the private - equity bubble — even journalists and rock stars .
But there are signs the bubble is about to burst , and smart money may be trying to turn mania into cash .
Washington ’s $ 8 Billion Shadow , by Donald L. Barlett and James B. Steele ( March 2007 )
Mega -contractors such as Halliburton and Bechtel supply the government with brawn .
But the biggest , most powerful of the “ body shops ” — saic — sells brainpower , including a lot of the “ expertise ” behind the Iraq war .
Empire Falls , by Niall Ferguson ( October 2006 )
They called it “ the American Century , ” but the past hundred years actually saw a shift away from Western dominance .
Rome 331 and America and Europe 2006 appear to have more than a few problems in common .
Pox Americana , by Michael Wolff ( October 2006 )
Brand America , which ruled the global marketplace with its vision of cool capitalism , has been discontinued .
This is Bush Country now , and the world is recoiling from a new image that makes the U.S. as much a danger to its friends as it is to its enemies .
Panic on 43rd Street , by Michael Wolff ( September 2006 )
Even as the Times builds a soaring $ 850 million headquarters , its newsroom , its leadership , and its business are in a crisis of confidence .
Washington Babylon , by Judy Bachrach ( August 2006 )
California Republican congressman Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham traded military contracts for $ 2.4 million in antiques , cash , and other booty .
His case exposed a world of bribery , booze , and broads that reaches into the Pentagon , the C.I.A. , and Congress .
Greenwich ’s Outrageous Fortune , by Nina Munk ( July 2006 )
Greenwich , Connecticut , has attracted some of the biggest , newest , shiniest fortunes in America .
Today that money comes from the trillion - dollar hedge - fund business , whose managers are behind a decade of over - the - top real - estate deals , teardowns , and mega-mansions .
Enlarge By Steve Ruark , AP Debbie Christie , mother of Zachary Christie , the 6 - year - old suspended for bringing a camping untensil to school , attends a school district meeting Oct. 13 with fiance Lee Irving .
Parents and elected officials across the USA are demanding that schools slacken zero - tolerance policies that are meant to reduce violence because strict adherence has lead to some students being forced out of school for bringing items such as eyebrow trimmers and a Cub Scout 's camping tool to campus .
The most recent high - profile case involved Zachary Christie , a 6 - year - old who was suspended for five days on Sept. 29 after he brought a camping utensil that was part knife , fork and spoon to Downes Elementary in Newark , Del .
School officials considered it a dangerous instrument and suspended the boy , adding that he could n't return to Downes until he completed at least 45 days at an alternative school .
" I think it 's crazy that they do n't use common sense , " says Debbie Christie , Zachary 's mother and the school 's PTA co-president .
As news of Zachary 's case spread , the school began to receive hundreds of calls protesting its decision .
" It 's almost like taking a jaywalker and throwing him into a maximum - security prison , " says Fred Hink of Katy , Texas , who founded Texas Zero Tolerance , a parents group that urges school administrators to use common sense in disciplinary cases .
Charlie Kyte , executive director of the Minnesota Association of School Administrators , says strict and consistent policies are needed to create a safe environment for students , especially in big cities .
" We 're starting to see gangs of young men that are more violent than they were many years ago , " Kyte says .
" We have to make sure that kind of behavior does n't have weapons involved in our schools . "
Second look Lawmakers and parents in several communities across the nation have decided that the policies can go too far : • In New Castle County , Del. , the school board tweaked the policy that required Zachary Christie be suspended .
The policy change — a three - to five - day suspension — applies only to kindergartners and first - graders , says David Resler , vice president of the Christina Board of Education .
Resler defended Zachary 's suspension , saying the tool had a blade that qualified as a dangerous weapon , and he worried that the policy change could backfire .
" I 'm sure we 've got many other devious kids in the district who are trying to figure out how to duct tape a spoon and fork to their switchblades right now , " Resler said .
• In Texas , state lawmakers this summer required school officials to consider intent , self - defense , past disciplinary history and whether the child has special needs before acting on cases where a student can be expelled or suspended .
• In Florida last spring , the state Legislature ordered school boards to ensure that students who are expelled or referred to law enforcement pose a serious threat and are not expelled or arrested for petty misconduct .
An evolution of policies Zero- tolerance policies were born from the Gun Free Schools Act passed by Congress in 1994 , which required a one - year expulsion for any student who brings a firearm to school .
After the Columbine massacre of 1999 , states and school districts tightened their policies further , in some cases adding drugs , fighting and anything that can be used as a " dangerous weapon " to offences that carry a mandatory suspension or expulsion .
Even defenders of the policies , however , say zero - tolerance would n't stop another Columbine .
" Could a kid smuggle a gun into school tomorrow ?
Probably so , " Kyte says .
" But schools did n't make these policies on their own .
Parents came at the school ( demanding ) , ' Make these places safe . ' "
The ACLU of Michigan faulted the state 's zero - tolerance expulsion law , saying it creates " a school - to - prison pipeline " because expelled students often do not return to school , and 68 % of Michigan prisoners are high school dropouts .
Suspensions also disproportionately affect minorities , according to the report .
Ronnie Casella , who studies school violence and discipline at Central Connecticut State University , says there is no evidence zero - tolerance policies make schools safer .
In cities where school violence had been a problem in the 1980s , " schools started seeing a decline ( in violence ) before zero - tolerance was ever implemented , " he says .
Kyte says strict discipline evenly applied sends a message to the entire school .
" If you treat it as not a big deal , then the mind - set of the students in the school becomes one of , ' They 're not really going to have a weapons policy , ' " Kyte says .
Contributing : The News Journal in Wilmington , Del. Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Why is Linux vendor Red Hat successful during the current recession ?
It was a question put to company executives during Red Hat 's ( NYSE : RHT ) Analyst Day event Webcast live from New York today .
The executives explained that open source leadership is key to Red Hat 's success , but that the firm is also branching out into other areas so that its success wo n't hinge solely on technology .
Moving forward , Red Hat is planning to develop a combination of OEM and channel partner relationships .
Red Hat 's Analyst
Day event comes on the heels of another successful quarter that saw the company grow both revenues and net income .
According to Red Hat Executive Vice President Paul Cormier , Red Hat now represents 75 percent of the paid Linux market , easily beating out other players in the sector such as Novell 's SUSE Linux and Canonical 's Ubuntu .
In the middleware market , Cormier said that Red Hat 's JBoss division now commands one third of the market with its commercially supported JBoss server .
According to Cormier , the other two thirds of the middleware market are made up of non-paying JBoss users and IBM WebSphere users .
Red Hat 's leadership role also extends to its direct participation in the Linux kernel development process .
A recent report from the Linux Foundation named Red Hat the leading corporate contributor to Linux , though overall contributions have come from more than 500 organizations .
In light of the high volume of contributions to the Linux kernel , Red Hat CTO Brian Stevens said it 's important to view Red Hat 's position as one of leadership , rather than power .
In Stevens ' view , the power is the larger Linux ecosystem with its hundreds of contributing corporations , which helps explain why Linux is an attractive technology for enterprises .
" It 's not just about making a bet on Red Hat , " Stevens said .
" It 's about making a bet on all of us . "
Route to Market
Moving forward , Red Hat CEO Jim Whitehurst explained that a key to future success will be to ensure that Red Hat 's products are available where IT decisions get made .
Currently , Red Hat sells its Linux subscriptions through OEM partners like IBM , HP and Dell .
They also have a growing channel strategy .
Whitehurst noted that Red Hat needs to further developer its commercial ecosystem with system integrators .
Many technology decisions are not made by enterprises directly , but rather by their technology partners , Whitehurst explained .
Sensing an opportunity , Whitehurst said that Red Hat has built up its sales business development centers over the past year to encourage more interaction with partners like Accenture as well as independent software vendors .
Red Hat plans to stick with its core platforms as it grows its business in the coming year .
Whitehurst said that the core Linux operating system , virtualization and middleware will remain the company 's focus , rather than building out new areas such as a database business .
The open source database market is currently in a state of transition with the Sun- owned MySQL database in limbo pending Oracle 's acquisition of Sun .
We re proud to announce that The Fucking Word of the Day is now called The Effin Word .
A new work - safe name with the same great content youve come to expect .
Update :
This is going to become a neverending story .
Apple rejected the app again , after some user figured out , how to hack into the BASIC - interpreter via the iPhone - user - interface .
After fixing this “ bug ” developers at Manomio re-submitted the app again – hopefully praying to get the approval once again …
Good news .
The official C64 - emulator for the iPhone was released !
The guys had a hard time to get approval of this app on the iTunes - Store ( read here about more backgrounds ) .
The official news are : “ After months of work and two formal rejections , we ’ve worked directly with Apple to make the necessary changes to bring back one of the best selling computers of all time . ”
The emulator comes with the games Dragons Den , Le Mans , Jupiter Lander , Arctic Shipwreck and Jack Attack and is available for 3,99 EUR .
[ Direct iTunes - Link ]
Bad news are , that now only official approved games will be able to load on the emulator .
If you have a request for acertain game or program , that should be licenced , here you can send the request to the developers .
And please consider not blocking ads here .
They help pay for the server .
Pennies at a time .
Literally .
Comment count is 44 Stopheles - 2007-09-05
" Does any buddy know hah to override the computer . "
" We do . "
" Come with me . "
Zhou Fang - 2007-09-05
" Fine . Go. " * falls through trapdoor *
Afgh - 2007-09-05
Very nice tower leading your hairspace
Caminante Nocturno - 2007-09-05
It 's a good thing people thought she was pretty , otherwise she would 've starved to death long before her Naked Gun role .
yoyo1 - 2007-09-05
did she have some sort of cerebral palsy or sthg ?
zatojones - 2007-09-06
- 2007-09-06
She had that disease where you compulsively eat handfuls of Xanax and wash it down with cheap gin .
kingarthur - 2007-09-05
Hayyy !
Thish fgun duzz n't haf enny bullits in it !
Lothar - 2007-09-05
The story behind the off - camera person reading her lines : Anna had trouble memorizing her lines , so they had to be fed to her one at a time while they were filming !!
( Really !
They discussed this on " The Howard Stern Show " . )
I can never watch this enough .
Rafiki - 2007-09-05
Soooooo .... how many drugs was she on while filming this ?
Rafiki - 2007-09-05
- 2007-09-05 PS. 5 stars .
Knuckles - 2007-09-05
She 's our Marylin Monroe .
snothouse - 2007-09-05
Was she a prank ?
Maybe the ugliest woman ever .
Afgh - 2007-09 -08
You say this while Ann Coulter still draws breath ?
glasseye - 2007-09 - 10 bulbed !
FABIO2 - 2007-09-18
- 2007-09 -18 I would n't say UGLY , but most popular playmate ?
Come on
Definitely nowhere near hot enough to make up for everything else .
Maxville - 2007-09-06
And onto the Netflix queue it goes .
Rodents of Unusual Size - 2007-09-06
" Terrorists ?
You 're crazy , lady ! "
" Oh yeah ?
Well what 's THIS . " ( shows her hair )
boner - 2007-09-06
I heard they feed lines to Jackie Chan just like this .
But he has an excuse .
Repomancer - 2007-09-06
Brilliant .
athodyd - 2007-09-06
She truly was America 's Princess Di .
jangbones - 2007-09-06
This has got to be so much more entertaning , insightful , and profound than the completed film .
EvilHomer - 2007-09-07
On the strength of this clip , I went out and rented this movie .
Now that I 've seen it , I wish I had n't .
Thanks , poeTV !
Hooper_X - 2007-09-07
I feel kind of bad making fun of her , because she was a very very ill woman who had some very very serious problems .
I have no compunctions , however , about making fun of the fucking assholes who tried to build a shitty action movie around her and were then surprised to find out that a drug - addled stripper is n't exactly Bruce Willis .
Hooker - 2007-09-09
- 2007-09-09 I , on the other hand , do n't feel bad making fun of her .
Mayberry Pancakes - 2007-09-09
I ... bluh ?
glasseye - 2007-09-10
Uh , erm .... bluh ?
This is just too painful for words .
citrusmirakel - 2007-09-11
Shit .
What about the phone ?
baleen - 2007-09-29
I believe she 's using Lee Strasberg 's methadone .
FABIO2 - 2007-10-03
Finally finished it by watching it chunks at a time .
Was anyone actually able to sit through the whole thing at once ?
Meatsack Jones - 2007-10-10
- 1:10 Dance monkey DANCE !
Bone_Vulture - 2007-11-05
Around 2:36 , there 's a rare moment where she appears almost completely sober .
The rest of the footage is just ... wow .
I 'd probably have to shoot up heroin in my eyeballs to achieve the same performance .
GoneGirl - 2007-11-18
Does not have the brains God gave a hamster .
Awesome .
IrishWhiskey - 2007-12-19
" Scuse me for believin in Jim 's Crispy Fried Chicken , slow walks in the park , and little Babies ! "
Its one of her most coherent lines , yet still makes zero sense .
Vicious - 2008-01-13
That 's one of the saddest things I 've ever seen .
fermun - 2008-02-26
I enjoy that while having no idea what was going on , she failed when she was supposed to make confused faces .
They probably had to eventually tell her something and just look at her process it to get her to make confused .
" Houston is n't the capital of your home state ! "
" Huh ? "
" Perfect ! "
afp3683 - 2008-07-26
The pain in the faces of all of her co-stars ...
And now she 's dead .
soci-o- path - 2008-10-11
So ... they were paying this thing to be in their movie ?
I do n't get it =/
Yet Gigli [ sp ? ] is supposedly shittier .
LazarusOfEarth - 2008-11-28
First I was laughing , then my laughter turned to horror .
sparklefatty - 2009-03-21
When she died , it was a complete shock to exactly no one .
Charles - 2009-09-08
Bloopers ?
More like " boobers " !
hah
Tomas - 2009-10-01
she 's like a female ricky from tpb .
kwash - 2009 -10-03
It 's just the way she delivers every line like she 's about to pass out .
It makes me sleepy .
Pillager - 2009-10-04
' Hairsssppaaaccee "
The Mothership - 2012-07-13
I was about to submit this , but dupe checker caught it .
Amazing .
Register or login To Post a Comment
In response to the mounting evidence of fraud , data falsification , and criminal conspiracy by the “ hockey team ” clique of climatologists pushing anthropogenic - global - warming ( AGW ) theory , there has been serious and concerned speculation that the collapse of this scam may damage the credibility of science in general .
This is a reasonable thing to be concerned about , given that the species of toxic slime mold known as “ creationists ” have been oozing all over the blogosphere with suggestions that evolutionary biology is just as bogus .
I think there are three important lessons to be drawn here : one is some reassurance from the history of major scientific frauds , another is a heuristic about when we should be suspicious of “ science ” , and a third is the importance of transparency .
There have been major scientific frauds before .
You have to go back a ways to match the AGW fraud in scale and audacity , but the nearest parallel example — Lysenkoism — is instructive in several ways .
The good news , for those inclined to worry , is that Lysenkoism did no permanent damage to science or its reputation .
It failed to cast biology into disrepute because it became understood as a political creation serving political ends .
Not that non-politicized frauds have been more damaging — Piltdown Man , anyone ? — but the example of Lysenkoism is reassuring .
It suggests that the political angle of AGW ( that is , its close association with environmental statism ) will mitigate the long - term consequences of its collapse .
Lysenkoism is also instructive in another way .
It teaches us a lesson which , if heeded , might have accelerated the exposure of the AGW fraud — or , perhaps , prevented it from getting traction in the first place .
The lesson is this : always , always , always distrust the “ science ” that accompanies a political power grab .
This is actually a narrower category than politicized science .
To see how , contrast creationism with AGW .
Creationism is certainly politicized science , but it is marginally less noxious than AGW because it is not cannot effectively be used as a rationalization of control by the permanent political class , a weapon against free markets and individual liberty .
For many AGW boosters , as with previous environmentalist scares , rationalizing coercive control was precisely the point .
If it saves just one polar bear … and this was our lesson from Lysenko , too .
When science becomes the instrument of political ambitions , science is either already corrupted or will be as soon as makes no difference .
Therefore … the next time we hear a ginned - up panic over some vast environmental crisis , the prudent thing to do will be to remember Mencken : “ The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed ( and hence clamorous to be led to safety ) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins , all of them imaginary . ”
It will be prudent to suspect that the science is probably already corrupted and demand extra-stringent scrutiny of it under that assumption .
( My bet is that the next bogeyman will be “ environmental estrogens ” .
Watch for it …and remember that I called AGW bullshit back when that was a genuinely prescient and difficult position to take . )
And that brings us to process transparency .
I discussed this with particular reference in Open - Sourcing the Global Warming Debate , but there ’s another point that deserves attention .
Strictly speaking , the rules of science require complete disclosure of all experimental methods , data , and analysis tools so that others can peer - review and replicate the work .
We may find it an acceptable to relax those full - disclosure rules to some extent for corporations doing commercially - focused R&D .
But that IPR exception should never be granted to scientists whose research touches public policy .
Because the stakes are so much higher , disclosure standards must be as well .
If the “ hockey team ” had been required to make their primary datasets and modeling code available for unrestricted inspection , the AGW fraud could never have turned into a political monster .
If Michael Bellesisles had been required to make all his primary data open for inspection , the fraud that was Arming America would never have won a Bancroft Prize .
Sunlight is the best disinfectant , and full disclosure is the final and deadliest enemy of junk science .
Mr Bush , who lives in Dallas , Texas , was given a rapturous reception as he told the audience : " I 'm glad to be home .
I do n't know if you 've heard but I 've retired – and there 's no better place to retire than here in the promised land .
Today is the 4th Birthday of Xbox 360 , it ’s been 4 years since Microsoft launched your favorite white console which is still going strong .
November 22 , 2005 was the day when Microsoft released the first HD console into the market , in hope of outdoing it ’s competitors by releasing the console one year prior to Sony ’s PS3 and Nintendo Wii .
Although the console ’s early years were blighted with it ’s fare share of controversies ( RROD ) and issues ( Noise & Disk scratching ) , it had a strong library of games with a host of exclusives which has given us some thrilling gaming moments over the past 4 years .
This unfamiliar Dumbo species collected by Census of Marine Life scientists on a 2009 MAR - ECO voyage to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge may prove new to science .
Credit : David Shale , MAR - ECO , Census of Marine Life
Census of Marine Life scientists have inventoried an astonishing abundance , diversity and distribution of deep sea species that have never known sunlight - creatures that somehow manage a living in a frigid black world down to 5,000 meters ( ~3 miles ) below the ocean waves .
Revealed via deep - towed cameras , sonar and other vanguard technologies , animals known to thrive in an eternal watery darkness now number 17,650 , a diverse collection of species ranging from crabs to shrimp to worms .
Most have adapted to diets based on meager droppings from the sunlit layer above , others to diets of bacteria that break down oil , sulfur and methane , the sunken bones of dead whales and other implausible foods .
Five of the Census ' 14 field projects plumb the ocean beyond light , each dedicated to the study of life in progressively deeper realms - from the continental margins ( COMARGE : Continental Margins Ecosystems ) to the spine - like ridge running down the mid-Atlantic ( MAR - ECO : Mid-Atlantic Ridge Ecosystem Project ) , the submerged mountains rising from the seafloor ( CenSeam : Global Census of Marine Life on Seamounts ) , the muddy floor of ocean plains ( CeDAMar : Census of Diversity of Abyssal Marine Life ) , and the vents , seeps , whale falls and chemically - driven ecosystems found on the margins of mid-ocean ridges and in the deepest ocean trenches ( ChEss : Biogeography of Deep - Water Chemosynthetic Systems ) .
Edward Vanden Berghe , who manages OBIS ( Ocean Biogeographic Information System ) , the Census ' inventory of marine life observations , notes that , unsurprisingly , the number of records in the database falls off dramatically at deeper depths - a function of the dearth of sampling done in the deep sea .
At 2,750 meters ( ~1.7 miles ) in the Northern Gulf of Mexico : this odd , transparent sea cucumber , Enypniastes , was videotaped creeping forward on its many tentacles at about 2 cm ( ~.8 inches ) per minute while sweeping detritus - rich sediment into its mouth .
At the end , it blooms into a startling curved shape and swims away to find another meal .
Credit : COMARGE , Census of Marine Life
However , Dr. Vanden Berghe reports that OBIS today records 5,722 species for which all recorded observations are deeper than 1,000 meters ( ~.62 miles ) and 17,650 species for which all recorded observations are deeper than 200 meters , the depth where darkness stops photosynthesis .
Scientists working on the deep - sea Census number 344 and span 34 nations .
By the time the 10 - year Census concludes in October , 2010 , the five deep - sea projects will have collectively fielded more than 210 expeditions , including the first ever MAR - ECO voyage in October - November this year , to explore the Mid-Atlantic Ridge south of the Equator , a scientific collaboration between Russia , Brazil , South Africa and Uruguay .
Each voyage is hugely expensive and challenged by often extreme ocean conditions and requirements that have kept the remotest reaches of Neptune 's realm impenetrable until recently .
While the collective findings are still being analyzed for release as part of the final Census report to be released in London on October 4 , 2010 , scientists say patterns of the abundance , distribution and diversity of deep - sea life around the world are already apparent .
" Abundance is mostly a function of available food and decreases rapidly with depth , " says Robert S. Carney of Louisiana State University , co-leader ( with Myriam Sibuet of France ) of the Census project COMARGE , studying life along the world 's continental margins .
" The continental margins are where we find the transition from abundant food made by photosynthesis to darkened poverty .
The transitions display the intriguing adaptations and survival strategies of amazing species , " says Dr. Carney .
Abundance in the deep sea requires one or more of the following :
Swift current , which increases an animal 's chance of encountering food ;
Long - lived animals , populations of which grow numerous even on a meager diet ;
Abundant food in higher layers that either settles to the depths or to which deep animals can migrate ;
An alternative to photosynthesis of food , such as chemosynthetic production .
" In the bathy - and mesopelagic zones - the largest 3D deep - sea living space - animals either have to cope somehow with food scarcity or migrate long distances up to find food , " says MAR - ECO project leader Odd Aksel Bergstad of University of Bergen .
" Because it provides an oasis of topographical relief in the center of the ocean , we found a high concentration of animals on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge . "
" Distribution is pretty straightforward for animals in the deep sea , " says Dr. Carney .
" The composition of faunal populations changes with depth , likely a consequence of physiology , ecology and the suitability of seafloor habitat condition for certain animals . "
" Diversity is harder to understand .
Although the mud on the deep sea floor appears monotonous and poor in food , that monotonous mud has a maximum of species diversity on the lower continental margin .
To survive in the deep , animals must find and exploit meager or novel resources , and their great diversity in the deep reflects how many ways there are to adapt . "
Meeting an unfamiliar Dumbo , and other tales from the deep
Specific discoveries , some beautiful and all pushing back the frontiers of the unknown , illustrate the results of voyages by the five Census projects exploring the dark deep sea .
On two 2009 voyages to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge by MAR - ECO explorers :
At 2,000 to 2,500 meters ( ~1.25 - 1.5 miles ) : A bizarre , elongated orange animal identified as Neocyema -- only the fifth specimen of the fish ever caught and never before on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge ;
At 1,700 to 4,300 meters ( ~1 - 1.9 miles ) : Coryphaenoides brevibarbis , with tiny bones in its ear , known as otoliths , that have growth bands countable like tree rings to reveal the fish 's age .
Comparison of age with size shows its growth rate and thus the amount of food in the neighborhood .
Called the rat-tail , the fish lives on crustaceans it catches just above the seafloor .
, with tiny bones in its ear , known as otoliths , that have growth bands countable like tree rings to reveal the fish 's age .
Comparison of age with size shows its growth rate and thus the amount of food in the neighborhood .
Called the rat-tail , the fish lives on crustaceans it catches just above the seafloor .
At 1,000 to 3,000 meters ( ~.6 -1.9 miles ) : NOAA researchers led by Mike Vecchione of the Smithsonian Institution collected a very large specimen of a rare , primitive animal known as cirrate or finned octopod , commonly called " Dumbos " because they flap a pair of large ear - like fins to swim , akin to the cartoon flying elephant .
The jumbo Dumbo netted by Census explorers was estimated to be nearly two meters ( ~6 feet ) long and , at 6 kg ( ~13 pounds ) , the largest of only a few specimens of the species ever obtained .
Altogether , nine species of gelatinous " Dumbos " were collected on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , including one that may be new to science .
Scientists were surprised to find such a plentiful and diverse assemblage of these animals , which rank among the largest in the deep sea .
At 1,000 meters ( ~.6 miles ) : an " indescribable " catch of " invertebrates of all colors , including corals , sea cucumbers and sea urchins .
It 's hard to believe that such exuberance of life exists a kilometer deep into the ocean . "
On the October - November 2009 voyage to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge by Russian , Brazilian , South African and Uruguayan MAR - ECO explorers :
On a 2007 voyage in the Gulf of Mexico by COMARGE explorers :
At 990 meters ( ~.6 miles ) : A solitary tubeworm ( formally known as Lamellibrachia ) , in what looked like ordinary surroundings .
After a robotic arm lifted the worm from a hole in the Gulf floor , however , crude oil streamed from both the animal and the open hole .
The " wildcat " tubeworm had hit a gusher and was dining on chemicals from decomposing oil . ;
) , in what looked like ordinary surroundings .
After a robotic arm lifted the worm from a hole in the Gulf floor , however , crude oil streamed from both the animal and the open hole .
The " wildcat " tubeworm had hit a gusher and was dining on chemicals from decomposing oil . ;
At 2,750 meters ( ~1.7 miles ) in the Northern Gulf of Mexico : an odd transparent sea cucumber , Enypniastes , was videorecorded creeping forward on its many tentacles at about 2 cm ( ~.8 inches ) per minute while sweeping detritus - rich sediment into its mouth .
At the end , it blooms into a startling curved shape and swims away to find another meal
Working at depths of greater than 4,000 meters ( ~2.5 miles ) : Chris German of Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , ChEss co-chair , and colleagues from the US , UK and Japan found evidence for chemically enriched plumes in the water column signaling the presence of seafloor hot vents hundreds of meters deeper still .
Funded by NASA 's Astrobiology program , the team used WHOI 's new hybrid robotic vehicle , Nereus , first as a free - swimming autonomous underwater vehicle ( AUV ) and then as a tethered , battery powered remotely operated vehicle ( ROV ) to track the plume to its source and begin to investigate the seafloor .
Bad weather forced the team to break off only hundreds of meters from their target - a search that will now be resumed by ChEss using the UK's AUV Autosub 6000 and ROV Isis in 2010 .
At 1,000 meters ( ~.6 miles ) and below : abundant vibrant coral gardens in an area of seamounts eerily nicknamed " the Graveyard , " where the speed of currents provides ideal habitat for these animals that feed on suspended food .
The scientists , who also explored the nearby Andes seamounts , discovered diverse communities living amid the cold water corals , including invertebrates like sponges and seastars and a species of worm that lives within the branches of bamboo corals ( Family Isididae ) , modifying how the corals grow .
At about 500 meters ( ~.3 miles ) : the Antarctic 's first recorded whalebone - eating worm , Osedax .
Seventeen species had been reported on other fallen whales in such places as the shallow northeast Atlantic off Sweden , the northeast Pacific off California and the northwest Pacific off Japan .
CeDAMar scientists attached whalebone snacks to two vehicles and parked them 550 and 630 meters ( ~.34-.39 meters ) deep near Smith Island near the West Antarctic Peninsula .
When they raised the parked vehicles after 14 months , they found the same creatures in the Southern and Antarctic Oceans .
Analyzing the populations crowded onto the parked vehicles they found new species of the whalebone - eating genus Osedax .
A mat of chemosynthetic microbial fauna and the small marine worm Ophryotrocha that eats bacterial mats covered the raised vehicles .
On a just - ended 36 - day voyage to the Cayman Trough in the Caribbean , the setting of the 1989 , fictional film The Abyss , ChEss explorers were poised to explore the deepest hot - springs on Earth : only to be thwarted by the arrival of tropical storm Ida .
Neverthless :
On a 2009 voyage to a range of New Zealand seamounts , a CenSeam team found :
On a 2009 voyage to the Antarctic and Southern Ocean a CeDAMar team trapped deep - sea life :
On the abyssal floor , the deep mud contains biodiversity that escapes detection by video and photography since most of the animals are only a few millimeters in size and hide among the sediment particles .
" Some scientists have likened deep mud 's biodiversity to that of tropical forests .
In college I was taught that high biodiversity is a function of habitat diversity - many nooks and crannies .
It is , however , hard to imagine anything as monotonous , nook - less and cranny - less as deep - sea mud , " says Dr. Carney .
Sometimes , the vast majority of creatures collected in mud from the abyssal plains are new to science , says CeDAMar expert David Billett of UK's National Oceanography Centre .
Of some 680 specimens of copepods collected on a recent CeDAMar cruise ( DIVA 2 ) to the southeastern Atlantic , for example , only seven could be identified ; 99 percent were new to science .
And among hundreds of species of macrofauna ( animals about the size of an earthworm ) collected in different areas , 50 to 85 percent were unrecognized .
" The abyssal fauna is so rich in species diversity and so poorly described that collecting a known species is an anomaly , " says Dr. Billett .
" Describing for the first time all the different species in any coffee cup - sized sample of deep - sea sediment is a daunting challenge . "
The nine known species of rare , primitive finned octopods are commonly called “ Dumbos ” because they flap a pair of large ear - like fins to swim , akin to the cartoon flying elephant .
One of the deep sea's largest animals , this specimen was collected at about 3500 meters on a 2009 Census of Marine Life MAR - ECO cruise to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Credit : Michael Vecchione , Census of Marine Life
Far rarer than new species in the mud is the capture of a new species of sea cucumber , and rarer still a new genus .
However , Dr. Billett and colleagues from the National Oceanography Centre and the Shirshov Institute , Moscow , accomplished this feat this year around the Crozet Islands after steaming for a grueling six days south from South Africa .
One of the new sea cucumbers was yellowish - green , a rare find as virtually all others found in the global seas are whitish grey or purple .
However , what startled researchers most was finding that the most abundant sea cucumber around the Crozet Islands - thousands of specimens at abyssal depths - was a species never seen anywhere else before , now dubbed Peniagone crozeti .
" The distribution of species in the deep sea is full of mysteries , " says Dr. Billett .
" In addition to the boundaries caused by underwater topography , ridges and seamounts , there are unseen , and as yet unexplained , walls and barriers that determine supplies of food and define the provinces of species in the deep sea . "
" There is both a great lack of information about the ' abyss ' and substantial misinformation , " says Dr. Carney .
" Many species live there .
However , the abyss has long been viewed as a desert .
Worse , it was viewed as a wasteland where few to no environmental impacts could be of any concern .
' Mine it , drill it , dispose into it , or fish it - what could possibly be impacted ?
And , if there is an impact , the abyss is vast and best yet , hidden from sight . '
" Census of Marine Life deep realm scientists see and are concerned . "
Diagram of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Expensive , dangerous work
" The deep sea is the Earth 's largest continuous ecosystem and largest habitat for life .
It is also the least studied , " says Dr. German .
Sampling at great depths depends on high tech instruments ( such as remotely operated vehicles ( ROVs ) , autonomous underwater vehicles ( AUVs ) , and submarines ) or " traditional " equipment ( trawls , cores , dredges ) that need several kilometers of cable to reach the seabed .
For example , 12 km ( ~ 7.5 miles ) of cable was needed to trawl recently down to 4,800 meters ( ~ 3 miles ) depth on the Porcupine Abyssal Plain in the Northeast Atlantic .
Earlier this year , CenSeam scientists aboard New Zealand - based Research Vessel Tangaroa underlined the grueling nature of the challenge of obtaining samples , maps and unprecedented underwater footage of the Graveyard and the Andes seamounts in the South Pacific .
The work was performed with a Deep - Towed Imaging System ( DTIS ) , a technology developed and refined by growing experience over rugged , unfamiliar seamounts and ridges , yielding steadily better results .
Says Mireille Consalvey of the New Zealand National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research , CenSeam project manager , " Every deployment is a trip into the unknown , with often seasick scientists struggling to work amid high winds and 10 meter swells . "
" It can be a tough environment down there .
I recall once the abject fear when our video imaging system snagged for 40 minutes on a rock face -- the slow , scary process of recovering it , and the shared worry that our valued recording equipment would arrive at the surface battered and bent .
Thankfully , the recorder survived the ordeal better than many of us and yielded brilliant new footage of this remote realm . "
One final note about life in the abyss : not all intruders from the lighted world are ROVs or submarines .
A southern elephant seal tagged by Census project TOPP recently dove down 2,388 meters ( ~ 1.5 miles ) from the surface .
At that depth , water pressure is roughly equal to 240 times the air pressure at sea level .
The human eardrum can rupture at 10 meters .
Source : Census of Marine Life ( news : web )
Explore further Study reveals secret sex life of fish
A month or so ago New Yorker pop critic Sasha Frere - Jones wrote a column about the state of rap , starting with the proposition ( " proclamation " would be too bombastic a word ) that 2009 was , in fact , the year of hip - hop 's death .
I read it and could n't find a thing to disagree with .
My only quibble was that he might have called it earlier .
Perhaps 2006 , when Nas released Hip Hop Is Dead .
Or even 2004 , when Timbaland " repeatedly voiced … a frustration with pop music , particularly the hip - hop end of it " ( according to his New York Times interviewer , one Sasha Frere - Jones ) and further declared : '' It 's time for me to retire , because it ai n't the same … I 'm tired of stuff now , even stuff that I do . "
( He also , said , mindblowingly , that " Coldplay and Radiohead are the illest groups to me .
That 's music " . )
That same year , 2004 , Jay - Z also confessed – on the eve of his ( ha ha ) retirement and moving on to bigger , more challenging fields of endeavour – that he too was " bored " with hip - hop .
Rap had become " corny " , he said , and accordingly he no longer felt peer pressure to raise his game ( something underlined by the steady decline of his output after 2001 's magisterial The Blueprint ) .
As I read Frere - Jones 's piece , I also knew there 'd be complaints and counter - arguments galore .
And sure enough they came – droves of pissed - off fanboys brandishing obscure mixtapes and overlooked albums as proof of the genre 's continued vitality .
Some whined that the sample on which his genre survey was based was too small ( Jay - Z 's new slab of going - through - the - motions , efforts by Kid Cudi and Wu - Tang clansman Raekwon , unsigned rapper Freddie Gibbs ) while others questioned the entitlement of a white fortysomething to pronounce on the vital signs of a black pop genre in the first place .
I do n't know , but I 'd have thought 25 years of attentive fandom would at least justify having an opinion .
Plus it 's not as though this kind of gloom - and - doomy assessment of hip - hop has n't been voiced repeatedly by black critics and black fans , not to mention the performers themselves .
Pundits who deem something to be in decline are invariably accused of nostalgia , so another angle of retort was that Frere - Jones was pining for the Lost Golden Age : the late 80s / early 90s , rap in its first flush of artistic maturity , but still a genre primarily oriented around samples and breakbeats .
The era of DJ / producers like the Bomb Squad and Eric B , Marley Marl and Prince Paul , Premier and Pete Rock .
But you do n't need to go back that far to locate a peak now passed .
You just have to think of the first four years of this decade , which was the continuation in full force of a late 90s resurgence of mainstream rap that effortlessly managed to be commercial and street at the same time , combining pop hooks and jagged rhythmic innovation , glitzy entertainment and edge .
This seven - year - long surge was largely but not exclusively driven by the Dirty South : cities like Atlanta , New Orleans , Memphis and Houston ; producers like Timbaland , Neptunes , Mannie Fresh , Lil Jon , and Mr Collipark ; MCs like Ludacris , Missy Elliott , Three 6 Mafia , Clipse , Ying Yang Twins , and those Cash Money hot boys Juvenile , BG and Lil Wayne .
But the rest of the US played its part , from the Ruff Ryders family ( DMX , the Lox , Eve , plus producer Swizz Beatz ) through Ja Rule and Nelly , to the Dre / Eminem / 50 Cent axis .
Underground rap fans sniffed at this brash , bolshy sound , based not on the breaks - and - samples template of classic hip - hop ( partly because licensing samples had become too costly ) but favouring instead synthesiser riffs and refrains modelled on techno - rave and 80s pulp movie soundtracks .
The drum machine rhythms had an 80s vibe too , the double - time hi-hats and 808 bass - booms reactivating that whole other side of early hip - hop based around electro not looped breaks , Bambaataa not JB .
Backpackers also complained about all these crossover rap hits with R&B choruses , which they saw as selling out the ideal of hip - hop as a showcase for MC virtuosity .
But even as the ascendant street rap sound borrowed R&B 's hook power and gloss , the nu-skool rap influenced R&B .
By the turn of the millennium the genre were less separate than Siamese twins ( something symbolised by the union of Beyoncé and Jay - Z ) .
Together street rap and nu-R&B flooded global pop music with rhythmic pizzazz and in - yer - face attitude .
The fall - out , just in the UK alone , includes the " chav- pop " swarm of girl groups and boy bands , MIA , and grime ( not so much in the MC-ing , which owes more to jungle and dancehall , but in terms of beats and production , plus what would prove to be false expectations for mega - fame and Puffy / Jay - Z style transmedia empire building ) .
It 's the vigour and invention of the first third of the Noughties that makes the last five years of rap look stalled and sapped , not old - skool days so remote only grey - hairs remember them .
By any sensible metric , rap has slipped hugely from where it was when this decade began .
It 's not dominating the pop charts anymore , and neither is it irrigating the mainstream with new beats , styles , and slanguage .
It 's not producing major album - length statements , give or take an 808s & Heartbreak ( revealingly , not rapped but sung ) .
It 's not even coming up with compelling new personalities .
The last , by my reckoning , were Lil Wayne ( whose debut was released in 1999 ) and Kanye West ( who debuted in early 2004 ) .
West has turned out to be a mixed blessing , while Wayne spread his brilliance thin across innumerable mixtapes , plus 2008 's uneven Tha Carter III .
Some swear by TI and Young Jeezy as charismatic artists , but neither came up with a MC persona we 've not seen before .
And , for these last three or four years , rap has been a desperately unmemorable procession of cookie - cutter ballers – Jim Jones , Gucci Mane , Yung Doc , Soulja Boy , Lil Boosie , Gummi Bares – whose lyrics trudge a hedonic treadmill of bling and booty , punctuated by the occasional inane dance - craze .
Even the sound of rap – always its saving grace in the absence of political engagement or MC - as - poet depth – deteriorated in the second half of this decade .
The odd angles and eerie spaces in productions by Mannie Fresh or Mr Collipark were flattened out , replaced by portentous digi-synth fanfares and lumbering beats , a brittle bass - less blare that seemed pre-degraded to 128 kbps to cut through better via YouTube and mobile phone ( " ringtone rap " , some called it ) , rendered all the more cheapo - sounding and plastic non-fantastic by the endless Auto - Tune fad .
One of the most interesting observations in Frere - Jones 's piece is that rap producers are abandoning swing and syncopation for more pulse - based club rhythms ( house / trance / electro- pop ) , resulting in a shift to a European rather than African - American feel .
Flo Rida 's Right Round , based on Dead or Alive 's Eighties Hi-NRG hit , is a good example , and new nadir .
Actually , I still hear quite a lot of bump and skitter in street rap but there 's a pedestrian familiarity to the beats : they do the job solidly enough but they 're the rhythmic equivalent of comfort food , reflexively tugging at your hips and shoulders but never approaching the stark strangeness of early Noughties productions like Ludacris 's What 's Your Fantasy or J - Kwon 's Tipsy .
I quizzed Josiah Schirmacher , a young DJ friend who disagreed vehemently with the New Yorker piece and he replied that there was plenty of life in hip - hop but it was all " on the local level " , pointing to styles like jerk , as favored by teenagers in Los Angeles .
This was another story of the hip - hop Noughties : the succession of city - based sounds , starting with New Orleans bounce and continuing with crunk , hyphy , snap , juke , etc , which hatch as regional styles but thanks to the marvels of the internet ( especially YouTube ) are chased avidly by an international cadre of largely white , middle - class beat - nerds .
I was one for a while , but then started to feel that underneath the cool local quirks ( for instance , in the Bay Area , hyphy MCs shout out to freeway exits , which is how the different neighbourhoods know themselves , as opposed to , say , wards in New Orleans ) all these sounds were , at base , the same .
Electro variant + goofy dance + bawdy lyrics + ( optional ) drug - of - choice ( E , with hyphy ; purple drank aka cough syrup in other places , and so on ) .
In a funny way , the pasty - faced , steroid - popping northwest England scene donk is a distant cousin of all these black American sounds : same anonymous rapping , same humorously boastful / sexist lyrics , same bling videos , same utterly local orientation offset by the occasional nationwide hit .
The Blackout Crew , basically , are Cold Flamez .
Have n't talked about underground rap yet , but it does n't exactly impose itself on your consciousness , does it ?
Like the lo -fi indie it resembles , this sector puttered on much like it did through the 90s , odd flashes of genius ( Cannibal Ox , Dilla , Quasimoto / Madlib etc ) amid the crate - digging antiquarianism .
Barely creating a ripple in the larger pop culture , undie rap is probably pretty content with its niche , a haven of " quality " in a mercenary world .
This stuff bears the same relationship to Dirty South type -rap that someone like Elvis Costello did with rock after 1984 ( and , what d'ya know , Costello recently teamed up with the Roots to perform some of his classics on a US chat show ) .
But as with the late - 80s " golden age " , the late 90s / early 00s surge showed that during rap 's heyday phases the most innovative music rises to the top ; it 's not something you have to seek out , because it dominates radio and music - video channels , booms from passing cars .
The " Death of … " piece is a genre of criticism that 's fallen into disrepute ( there was a period when you'd be constantly tripping over essays announcing the End of something : art , theory , rock , rave ) .
People now seem to feel that " no genre ever really dies " ( to adapt the Neptunes / NERD motto ) .
Was this in fact one of the problems with the Noughties ?
No genre went gently into that good night : they all clung on , cluttering up the musical landscape .
This not only made it harder for new things to emerge , it 's meant that we 've all come to forget that , in fact , totally new things have emerged in the past .
There was , for instance , a time when hip - hop did n't exist .
The refusal to admit that a genre can die ( which does n't mean literally disappear – it may even generate good stuff now and then –but refers to stagnation , irrelevance , becoming uncoupled from the zeitgeist ) is a denial of the possibility of change , renewal , the unexpected .
The very vitality of a form of music implies the possibility of its eventual death .
I sympathise with the Frere - Jones dissenters ; it must be galling , having built up all that expertise and knowledge , to have your subcultural capital voided by some old git in a bow tie ( compulsory at the New Yorker , do n't you know ) airily declaring the area obsolete .
One of the cunning rhetorical ruses used in these critical turf wars between enthusiasts versus curmudgeons is to suggest that the latter are projecting their physical decrepitude on to the state of music .
But you could just as easily reverse that and argue that the young are projecting their physical vitality on to the senescent body of pop ( every fibre of their hormonally flushed being shouts " it still LIVES ! " ) .
I wo n't say that hip - hop is dead .
But it does seem to be doing a good impersonation of being at death 's door .
More to the point , judging by its output in recent years , it 's become a deadening force : as a listening experience , but also as something that maintains a deadlock on the musical imagination ( and personal ambitions ) of Black American youth .
I doubt very much that this demographic has no more surprises up its sleeves in terms of sound and style , judging by past form (s ) ( jazz , rhythm and blues , funk , house , et al ) .
But that New Thing wo n't come until they tire of hip - hop themselves and turn against it .
The FNM " seriously delinquent " rate has gone parabolic , increasing by roughly 5 % sequentially and just under 300 % YoY .
As mere text will simply not do this metric justice , please enjoy this chart of the dataset from Blytic .
It tells you all you need to know about the Fed 's containment of the housing problem .
The August seriously delinquent single - family number comprised of a 2.87 % non-credit enhanced delinquencies and a very bothersome 11.52 % , consisting of credit enhanced loans .
The deterioration of FNM's book however did not stop it from increasing the size of its book .
In September Fannie 's total book of business hit $ 3.242 trillion , up from $ 3.229 trillion in August and $ 3.079 trillion in the prior year .
This trend should bother you , dear taxpayer , because it is your money on the hook here , which is not only massively mismanaged by Bernanke & Co. , LLC , but which sees another $ 80 billion of free funding every month courtesy of the dollar printing press to onboard even more toxic garbage onto your balance sheet .
If you ’ve ever wondered about those ATMs you see in bars and neighborhood stores that are n’t affiliated with a bank , what Robert Siciliano demonstrated probably wo n’t inspire much confidence .
Siciliano , a Boston - based security expert for Intelius , an identity theft protection company , decided earlier this fall to buy one of those ATMs .
“ I quickly found an ad from a bar north of Boston .
They were selling pool tables , Budweiser neon signs , and an ATM , ’’ he said .
Siciliano then used an associate , a hacker , to see what they could find in the machine .
“ The next day after we bought it , my hacker comes over to my garage , manual in hand , all giggly , like hackers sometimes do and says , ‘ Watch this . ’
He punches the master codes to access the machine ’s data . . . and hundreds of credit and debit card numbers just start falling all over the floor . ’’
There were more than 1,000 numbers recorded in the machine that Siciliano and his colleague printed out .
ATMs like that are resold all the time , Siciliano said .
They are particularly easy to find in big cities and can be found from time to time in the Boston area .
“ The issue with these types is the portability of them and anyone can get one and put it anywhere , ’’ he said .
They are easily hacked and the innards can be reconfigured to store your card data and PIN .
A criminal can also affix skimming devices that capture your data from the card ’s magnetic strip and they install wireless cameras that record your PIN codes . ’’
Siciliano said people also need to be wary of so - called rogue ATMs that are set up to do little else but steal your personal information .
For most people there is little to distinguish one of those machines from a well - meaning nonbank machine .
And even legit nonbank machines , Siciliano points out , do n’t have security cameras built into them like those at banks .
Before you use a nonbank ATM , be sure you want to take that chance .
Mitch Lipka is the Consumer Ally on AOL ’s WalletPop.com and lives in Worcester .
He can be reached at ConsumerNews@aol.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
From WikiLeaks
November 25 , 2009
By Declan McCullagh ( CBS News ) [ 1 ]
As the World Trade Center and Pentagon were ablaze on September 11 , 2001 , the U.S. Secret Service 's presidential protective detail was informed that a " Korean airliner has been hijacked " en route to San Francisco , prompting already - skittish agents to worry about another wave of terrorist attacks .
That morning and afternoon , Secret Service agents assigned to protect the president and his family found their pagers constantly buzzing with alerts both true and false .
There was a false alarm about a car bomb in downtown Washington , D.C. , a report of " two Arab males detained " after asking for directions to the presidential retreat at Camp David , and reassurances that " Twinkle and Turq " -- code names for the Bush daughters -- were safe and accounted for .
This unusual glimpse into the events of 9/11 comes from messages sent to alphanumeric pagers that were anonymously published on the Internet on Wednesday .
The pager transcripts , which total about 573,000 lines and 6.4 million words , include numeric and text messages also sent to private sector and unclassified military pagers .
It 's impossible to tell whether the logs have been faithfully reproduced in their entirety .
But there 's evidence they have been : I spoke to three journalists working on September 11 , 2001 whose correspondence appeared in the logs or who were familiar with the messages circulated in their newsrooms that day .
All three say the logs appear to be legitimate .
This trove of messages is likely to become a boon for historians , a new source of concern for privacy advocates , and , depending on the details , a point of embarrassment or pride for the government agencies and corporations whose internal conversations have been divulged .
The files were posted on WikiLeaks.org , which has made a speciality of disclosing confidential documents and boasts that it is " uncensorable . "
One string of messages hints at how federal agencies scrambled to evacuate to Mount Weather , the government 's sort - of secret bunker buried under the Virginia mountains west of Washington , D.C.
One message says , " Jim : DEPLOY TO MT. WEATHER NOW ! , " and another says " CALL OFICE ( sic ) AS SOON AS POSSIBLE .
4145 URGENT . "
That 's the phone number for the Federal Emergency Management Agency 's National Continuity Programs Directorate -- which is charged with " the preservation of our constitutional form of government at all times , " even during a nuclear war .
( A 2006 article in the U.K. Guardian newspaper mentioned a " a traffic jam of limos carrying Washington and government license plates " heading to Mount Weather that day . )
FEMA 's response seemed less than organized .
One message at 12:37 p.m. , four hours after the attacks , says : " We have no mission statements yet . "
Bill Prusch , FEMA 's project officer for the National Emergency Management Information System at the time , apparently announced at 2 p.m. that the Continuity of Operations plan was activated and that certain employees should report to Mt. Weather ; a few minutes later he sent out another note saying the activation was cancelled .
The first pager message reporting the attacks on the World Trade Center appears to have been sent by Morgan Stanley at 8:50 a.m. ET , saying that " an Aloha call is starting " due to a fire in the complex 's south tower .
Morgan Stanley leased 840,000 square feet in that building , on over 20 floors .
As the fires spread , and as police and firefighters rushed to the scene , Wall Street firms activated their emergency response plans .
Shortly after 9 a.m. , Fidelity evacuated its nearby offices at 200 Liberty Street , and sent out a messaging saying : " Those in the area should meet at the Winter Garden .
Our plan is to meet there and ( have most employees ) work from home . "
( The Winter Garden is a glass - enclosed atrium that was damaged later in the day when the towers collapsed . )
" On that particular day , literally within minutes of the first attack , we already had one of our security people ... lining up space outside the New York area for some of our employees , " Anne Crowley , a spokeswoman for Fidelity who was with the company in September 2001 , told CBSNews.com in a telephone interview .
By 10:29 a.m. , Fidelity 's Boston offices on Summer St. had been closed , and an alert went out : " National Master Console has been re-routed to Merrimack . "
It was followed by : " The FBSI war room is operational , " referring to Fidelity Brokerage Services Inc .
" That quick thinking led us to be able to move hundreds of New York employees to backup locations ( and ) enabled us to continue to operate some of our important functions , " Crowley said .
Even with U.S. equity markets closed , Fidelity 's phone centers continued to take orders and could even process some international ones .
Crowley said she did n't know what Fidelity 's war room referred to , but said the National Master Console is the firm 's main phone operation that was shifted to Merrimack , N.H .
Similarly , Bank of America ordered the evacuation of all bank " high rise buildings only , " while noting that there is a " nation - wide run on cash . "
Mastercard evacuated its new York and Delaware offices ; MBNA decided to shutter everything but inbound call centers .
Another message says : " SITUATION LOCK DOWN ALL AT&T LOCATIONS HAVE BEEN EVACUATED . "
How the messages were captured
The pager logs seem to represent messages transmitted on September 11 , 2001 through the networks of Arch Wireless , Metrocall , Skytel , and Weblink Wireless .
It 's not clear how they were obtained in the first place .
One possibility is that they were illegally compiled from the records of archived messages maintained by pager companies , and then eventually forwarded to WikiLeaks .
The second possibility is more likely : Over - the - air interception .
Each digital pager is assigned a unique Channel Access Protocol code , or capcode , that tells it to pay attention to what immediately follows .
In what amounts to a gentlemen 's agreement , no encryption is used , and properly - designed pagers politely ignore what 's not addressed to them .
But an electronic snoop lacking that same sense of etiquette might hook up a sufficiently sophisticated scanner to a Windows computer with lots of disk space -- and record , without much effort , gobs and gobs of over - the - air conversations .
Existing products do precisely this .
Australia 's WiPath Communications offers Interceptor 3.0 ( there 's even a free download ) .
Maryland - based SWS Security Products sells something called a " Beeper Buster " that it says let police " watch up to 2500 targets at the same time . "
And if you 're frugal , there 's a video showing you how to take a $ 10 pager and modify it to capture everything on that network .
Law enforcement agencies knew of the benefits of monitoring pagers long ago .
A 1997 FBI bulletin describes the " use of a clone pager to simultaneously receive the transmission emitted from the pager 's service provider to the pager , " and the federal courts have a standard form for judges to use when approving interceptions .
( The American Association of Paging Carriers has , helpfully , provided its members with a list of how to comply . )
Whatever their origin , the logs are likely to raise more questions than they answer .
Take this intriguing message that was sent by Jim Massa , then Cisco 's director of federal operations , at 4:18 p.m .
It said : " NEED TO DISCUSS FBI TEN THOUSAND UNIT REQUIREMENT ASAP . "
The recipient appears to be Cisco Chief Development Officer Charlie Giancarlo , who left the company in 2007 and now works at a venture capital firm in Menlo Park , Calif .
called Silver Lake .
A Cisco representative said in e-mail to CBSNews.com : " I know we worked closely with law enforcement after the attacks but I do n't have any specifics . "
Massa did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
One possibility is that the FBI urgently needed routers or other Cisco gear to upgrade its own network .
But technical experts that CBSNews.com contacted believed it 's more likely that the FBI was working with Internet service providers to reconfigure their networks with Cisco hardware to allow wiretaps to be conducted more readily .
Around that time , Cisco was beginning to develop wiretap capabilities for its routers -- a concept that eventually became known as " lawful intercept . "
The logs are silent on precisely that point .
They do show , however , how U.S. network providers scrambled to respond to one of the most unexpected and extensive disruptions in recent memory .
After 7 World Trade Center collapsed ( it had been damaged by debris earlier ) , Sprint lost its payment - processing system called SpeedPay .
A subsequent note said : " SpeedPay is down .
Site lost power with further collapse of building around 5 PM .
They are mobilizing to relocate equipment to New Jersey site . "
A Sprint spokeswoman said that the executives who were with the company on 9/11 are on holiday break and unavailable for comment .
The major telecommunications hub at 60 Hudson Street , about eight blocks from the World Trade Center , was evacuated around 9:20 a.m .
About four hours later , it was starting to show signs of overheating , with temperatures reaching the 80s .
A WorldCom message worried that New York City might cut power to 60 Hudson , saying , " NYC1 has 4 to 8 hours of battery power if main power was to be cut . "
A relieved followup said that the company 's network operations center had learned that the power would remain on .
Air Force
One reportedly threatened
Other tidbits from the logs include :
A Secret Service page at 10:32 a.m. warned : " ANONYMOUS CALL TO JOC REPORTING ANGEL IS TARGET . "
Angel is the Secret Service codeword for Air Force One ; JOC means Joint Operations Center .
When the president 's plane had departed Florida about half an hour earlier , it was en route to D.C .
That anonymous threat seems to be what diverted President Bush on a high - speed flight across the country , first to Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana , and then to an underground command center in Nebraska .
Amidst the confusion that day , the Secret Service 's New York field office gave contradictory instructions to agents .
At 9:06 a.m. , their pagers lit up with these orders : " MEET AT THE BASEBALL FIELD BEHIND THE EMBASSY SUITES HOTEL ON WEST STREET NY . "
Ninety minutes later : " ALL NEW YORK FIELD OFFICE PERSONNEL RESPOND TO STUYVESANT HIGH SCHOOL AT THE CORNER OF CHAMBERS AND WEST STREET ASAP . "
Later : " ALL NYFO PERSONNEL ARE TO DISREGARD THE LAST PAGE REGARDING STUVYSANT HIGH SCHOOL . "
One message said : " #2 MCLL EXEC WAS ABOARD ONE OF THE PLANES .
1 OF THE ONES WHO BETRAYED HARRY .
NO TEARS HERE . "
Metrocall founder Harry Brock had been ousted as president six years earlier .
Metrocall chief operating officer Steven Jacoby died on Flight 77 that day .
Brinks , the armored car operator , received a series of requests for immediate deliveries from banks running low on cash after Americans rushed to withdraw currency : " Micheal , branch officer , is requesting a same day cash delivery .
His branch is low on cash .
The charge will be $ 50.00 .
Please respond to confirm . "
A press aide for then - California governor Gray Davis spent the day fending off requests for interviews and updates from KABC , the Oakland Tribune , the Long Beach Press - Telegram , the National Guard , KTTV , Fox News , and someone who wanted to know , " Are the schools going to be closed for the rest of the week ? "
What 's unclear is what the impact of the release of the 9/11 data will be .
Nothing immediately apparent in the 573,000 - or - so lines of text suggests a rethinking of how we view the events of that day ( although conspiracy fanciers are sure to highlight excerpts such as the message suggesting " military planes " forced down a commercial jet , and one saying there was an " explosion and fire at Pentagon " ) .
We 've seen something like this before .
A few years ago , AOL published the mostly - anonymized search histories of over 650,000 of its users , which gave rise to the kind of data excavation that 's currently taking place in connection with the disclosure of the 9/11 pager traffic .
In the last few days , the same kind of collective analysis of thousands of files has accompanied the leaked global warming e-mail messages .
This should be a lesson to anyone who would prefer their personal details not go on public display :
Without end - to - end encryption , and perhaps even with it , your correspondence is vulnerable to interception and publication .
And if you 're the Secret Service responding to threats against the president , or FEMA organizing an evacuation to an underground bunker , why are you letting anyone with a $ 10 pager and a Windows laptop watch what you 're doing ?
As published in CBS News .
Thanks to Declan McCullagh and CBS News for covering this material .
Copyright remains with the aforementioned .
Source documents :
[ 2 ]
Here 's what two Californians are being charged with :
The couple , Daniel Weston and Mary Ann Parmelee , and three other people are accused of luring their two victims to an office where the men were tied up , held for hours and beaten , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said ...
Each count of felony torture , defined as inflicting " great bodily injury " for the purpose of " revenge , extortion , persuasion and for a sadistic purpose , " carries a maximum penalty of life in prison .
Defense lawyers were not immediately available for comment .
So two civilians get a potential life sentence for tying up and beating two people for hours ; but the former president of the United States and his underlings get off scott - free for tying hundreds up in excruciating stress positions for months , freezing victims to near - death ( and over it ) , using the Khmer Rouge technique for waterboarding someone 183 times , inducing psychosis through sensory deprivation , keeping someone awake for 960 hours , and killing at least 20 and as many as 100 individuals .
It 's good to be the king in Washington .
The elite media will never let their sources face , you know , the rule of law .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
That ’s the flag of the Benin Empire , a pre-colonial African state situated in modern Nigeria that lasted from 1440 until 1897 .
( via andre )
Ready to have your imperfect complexions scrutinized by every anonymous coward on the Internet ?
You 'd better ' cause YouTube has announced the move from 720 p to 1080 p video streaming to make use of those cheap Full HD camcorders flooding the market .
Now puff up that keyboard courage -- the ruthless bashing of your peers is set to begin next week . : 1080 p sample video posted after the break .
Saudi Arabia 's oil exports to the U.S. have suddenly fallen to a 22 - year low according to August data provided by the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
This places the kingdom in fifth place , behind Nigeria , in terms of U.S. oil imports .
The Barrel highlights that Saudi oil exports to the U.S. peaked in 2003 at 1.726 million barrels per day , then drifted down to 1.4 - 1.5 million barrels through 2008 .
In August , America 's Saudi imports came in at a rate of just 745,000 barrels per day , the lowest since December of 1987 .
The Barrel ( Which is the blog of industry firm Platts ) finds the development perplexing and can only guess at potential reasons .
The emphasis below has been added .
The Barrel : So far this year , the EIA data shows , imports of Saudi crude have averaged just 1.022 million b/d , well below the 1.537 million b/d over the first eight months of last year , although that volume puts the kingdom in third place behind Mexico in second place and Canada in first .
A rebound in volumes over the remainder of this year could mean that the earlier blips were little more than an aberration .
But what if that volume rebound does not happen ?
What will this mean for the Saudi - US relationship that has so much to do with oil ?
Meanwhile , it 's difficult to offer one single explanation for the volume drops this year .
Is it to do with pricing , OPEC quotas or an increasing Saudi focus on Asia , where future demand growth is expected to come from , or maybe a combination of all those things ?
Read the full piece here .
Even so , banks and borrowers still do battle over foreclosures on an unlevel playing field that exists in far too many courtrooms .
But some judges are starting to scrutinize the rules - don’t - matter methods used by lenders and their lawyers in the recent foreclosure wave .
On occasion , lenders are even getting slapped around a bit .
One surprising smackdown occurred on Oct. 9 in federal bankruptcy court in the Southern District of New York .
Ruling that a lender , PHH Mortgage , had n’t proved its claim to a delinquent borrower ’s home in White Plains , Judge Robert D. Drain wiped out a $ 461,263 mortgage debt on the property .
That ’s right : the mortgage debt disappeared , via a court order .
So the ruling may put a new dynamic in play in the foreclosure mess :
If the lender ca n’t come forward with proof of ownership , and judges do n’t look kindly on that , then borrowers may have a stronger hand to play in court and , apparently , may even be able to stay in their homes mortgage - free .
The reason that notes have gone missing is the huge mass of mortgage securitizations that occurred during the housing boom .
Securitizations allowed for large pools of bank loans to be bundled and sold to legions of investors , but some of the nuts and bolts of the mortgage game  notes , for example  were never adequately tracked or recorded during the boom .
In some cases , that means nobody truly knows who owns what .
To be sure , many legal hurdles mean that the initial outcome of the White Plains case may not be repeated elsewhere .
Nevertheless , the ruling  by a federal judge , no less  is bound to bring a smile to anyone who has been subjected to rough treatment by a lender .
Methinks a few of those people still exist .
Remember " cash for clunkers , " the program that subsidized Americans to the tune of nearly $ 3 billion to buy a new car and destroy an old one ?
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood declared in August that , " This is the one stimulus program that seems to be working better than just about any other program . "
If that 's true , heaven help the other programs .
Last week U.S. automakers reported that new car sales for September , the first month since the clunker program expired , sank by 25 % from a year earlier ....
I came across this interesting experiment that TV news network ABC hosted .
A black actress and two brave store workers agreed to stage a scene at an upscale clothing store in SoHo New York , one of the busiest and trendiest shopping areas in the world .
When random shoppers came in , the shop workers would begin harassing the black actress posing as a customer .
Verbally abusing her , telling her she “ ca n’t afford the merchandise ” and “ we know why you are here ” , they would ask her to leave and even go as far as frisking her in full view of the other shoppers .
It made for some interesting observations as to who responded and who did n’t .
Peep the video :
I ’m way more surprised at who did n’t respond and come to this woman ’s help than who did .
What was interesting as well was the location they chose .
Rappers have written verses about how they could n’t catch a cab in Soho , and black people have been given the “ side eye ” in this area whether shopping at the upscale stores or at the corner liquor store .
Hell , even I was given the eye at the 7 - 11 around the corner from my place in Northern California .
Apparently when there are more than three black males in the owner ’s store at the same time , he starts to stare at folks ( shrug ) .
During this experiment , one thing was blurted out that really took the game up a notch .
It was called “ The Black Card . ”
Also known as The Race Card , this ignorant man decided to place blame on the poor lady being discriminated against , rather than considering the possibility that it was racism being acted out in front of him .
So sure he ’ll get all bold with his white friends …
But when confronted by those who conducted the experiment , he got all friendly and attempted to cast the event as the water cooler “ hey buddy , were n’t those the good ol days ” type of affair .
What a tool .
You felt so bad ?!
Go play in traffic .
Watching the shopper who ended up crying as a result of being so disturbed by what she witnessed , was a very emotional moment .
All I know is if my aunt had been there , she ’d have ended up shutting the place down and then taking over the boutique herself !
Black folk do n’t play that !
Anyways reader , we all know that anyone can be discriminated against .
If you had a moment in which you were discriminated against or know someone else who was , let ’s hear it in the comments !
IT ’S the most infamous musical flop in Broad way history , and only a couple of supremely confident ( bordering on cocky ) producers would be bold enough to bring it back .
“ Carrie ” ran five performances on Broadway in 1988 , but those who saw it can never forget it .
It set a new standard on Broadway for camp awfulness .
As Ken Mandelbaum notes in his indispensable book “ Not Since ‘ Carrie ’ : 40 Years of Musical Flops , ” it seemed as if every fiasco in theatrical history “ was piled high , and ‘ Carrie ’ was playing on top of them all . ”
The confident producers attempting to resurrect it are Jeffrey Seller and Kevin McCollum , whose enviable track record includes “ Rent , ” “ Avenue Q ” and “ West Side Story . ”
Next month , they ’re producing a six - figure workshop of the musical , based on Stephen King ‘s 1974 thriller about a teenage girl with telekinetic powers .
The title role has n’t been cast yet ; the hunt is also on for Carrie ’s scary ,
Bible - thumping Mama .
But I hear Tony winner Marin Mazzie will play the sexy gym teacher .
Is this project a fool ’s errand ?
“ Carrie ” lost $ 8 million in 1988 , the most expensive Broadway disaster at the time .
( Times have changed .
The chuckleheads trying to get “ Spider - Man ” off the ground have probably spent $ 8 million on the poster . )
Some on Broadway think ego may have gotten the better of Seller and McCollum .
After all , if they can take the greatest flop of all time and make something of it , they may in fact be the best producers since Ziegfeld .
I called McCollum but did n’t hear back from him ; apparently , he ’s smarting about my jab last week at his holiday fructose fest , “ White Christmas ” — ick !
But these guys are n’t stupid , and they may be onto something .
“ Carrie ” was bad .
But some of it , especially the score , was pretty thrilling , those who saw it say .
Notes Mandelbaum : “ What makes ‘ Carrie ’ unique is its combination of soaring , often breathtaking sequences and some of the most appalling and ridiculous scenes ever seen in a musical . ”
In the ridiculous camp were the sets ( a high school gym that looked like a Greek temple ) and the costumes ( teenagers in white togas ) .
Why the Greek look for a show set in a small American town ?
Fran Weissler , who produced the original , tells the story that when she met with British director Terry Hands , then riding high at the Royal Shakespeare Company , she told him the dance at the gym should play like “ Grease . ”
He came back a few days later with sketches of people in togas wandering around the Ancient Agora of Athens .
( True story . )
Despite the confusion , he became wedded to the idea of “ Carrie ” as a Greek tragedy .
Years later , he said : “ I made some mistakes with the show .
I thought it was a Greek tragedy .
I was wrong .
It was a Roman tragedy . ”
( Only somebody who ran the RSC could come up with that . )
Also in the ridiculous camp was a would - be showstopper called “ Out for Blood , ” featuring boys in leather slaughtering pigs .
( “ It ’s a simple little gig / You help me kill a pig . ” )
And the ending was a doozy , with Betty Buckley , as the mother , lying dead on a big white “ stairway to heaven , ” and Linzi Hateley ( Carrie ) , drenched in blood , dropping dead beside her .
“ The lights went out , and the audience booed , ” Buckley once told me .
“ Linzi said , ‘ What do we do ? ’
I said , ‘ Get up and bow . ’
We did , and they stood up and cheered . ”
But there were also moments of great theatricality and some soaring , haunting ballads .
( You can see Buckley singing a good one — “ When There ’s No One ” — at nypost.com . )
For the upcoming reading , the writers — Michael Gore , Dean Pitchford and Lawrence D. Cohen — are revising the book and the score .
How is a retooled “ Carrie ” going to play ?
Who the hell knows ?
But I can tell you that if McCollum lets me into the workshop , my new favorite Broadway show is going to be “ White Christmas . ”
‘ CARRIE ” got one de cent review , from The Post ’s Clive Barnes ( the man knew a good score when he heard one ) .
Clive died just a year ago , and his friends and colleagues are going to remember him at a tribute Monday .
The event , which starts at 3 p.m. at Lincoln Center ’s Walter Reade Theater , is open to the public .
Seating is limited .
Speakers include Edward Albee , John Simon , Paul Taylor , Anna Kisselgoff and John Cullum .
I ’m hosting .
Clive was a delight , and we ’re going to have some fun in his honor .
michael.riedel@nypost.com
Thousands of secular and religious Jerusalemites and out - of - towners rallied in the capital Saturday to protest ultra-Orthodox violence and coercion .
The protesters marched from Paris Square to Zion Square in the Jerusalem city ' center under the banner : " Iran is here – we 're sick of haredi violence . "
Haredi rioters should be detained and indicted , Knesset Member Nitzan Horowitz ( Meretz ) said during the protest .
" One time it 's a parking lot , another time it 's Intel , and in another case it's the Pride Parade , " he said .
" These are merely excuses for shows of force , violence , and coercion . "
" I would love to raise my two small children in a city where they would have the legitimacy to do whatever their faith commands them , " Yehonatan Alazar , a religious local , told Ynet .
" It 's unheard of that a small group will dictate everyone 's actions and cause them to leave town .
What bothers me about the struggle against Intel is that ( haredim ) are forcing others to desecrate the Shabbat , just as they do themselves .
Their interest is not the Shabbat , but rather , the power struggle in Jerusalem , " he said .
' Iran is here !
enough with haredi violence ' ( Photo : Gil Yohanan )
" We are facing a danger that threatens not only Jerusalem , but Israeli society at large .
People gathered here from across the country because they realized this danger can reach them too , and they want to put an end to religious coercion , " said Merav Cohen from the Awakening In Jerusalem movement .
" It 's nice to see so many people care about this city and are willing to fight for Jerusalem 's freedom , " she added .
' Enough carrying haredim on our backs ' ( Photo : Gil Yohanan )
Avital Livni , which held a sign that read " Enough carrying haredim on our backs " said , " we live in a country where a whole sector of society refuses to serve in the military ... extorts money from the government and does n't pay their taxes .
" It does n't make sense that Torah students receive tuition while med students have to pay for their studies , and then they have the nerve to force their rules upon the rest of the nation , " she said .
" This protest proves that the battle for Jerusalem is not lost .
Just like we were the victors in the battle to open the cinemas and Karta parking lot on Shabbat , we will win the Intel battle as well , " said Jerusalem 's deputy mayor Joseph " Pepe " Alalu .
" The residents of Jerusalem are not indifferent , and will not give up on a pluralistic city .
It 's time haredim understand that this city must provide the needs of the free people , " he said .
Home » forums » LtU Forum
The Origins of APL 1974 talk show style interview with the original developers of APL ; complete with plaid jackets and a smoking host .
The Origins of APL Video I 've never used APL but I found the talk to be very interesting .
They talk about how APL come about , its evolution and the character set .
Worth watching .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
First , possession of less than an ounce of marijuana is not a crime in New York State .
Since 1977 and passage of the Marijuana Reform
Act , state law has made simple possession of less than seventh - eights of an ounce of pot a violation , like a traffic violation .
Second , despite that law , since 1997 the New York City Police Department has arrested 430,000 people for possessing small amounts of marijuana , mostly teenagers and young people in their twenties .
Most people arrested were not smoking pot .
Usually they just carried a bit of it in a pocket .
In 2008 alone , the NYPD arrested and jailed 40,300 people for possessing a small amount of marijuana .
These extraordinary numbers of arrests and jailings , continuing for over twelve years , now make New York City the marijuana arrest capital of the world .
The arrests for marijuana possession first increased dramatically under Mayor Rudolph Giuliani .
They have continued unabated under Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
By 2008 Bloomberg had arrested more people for pot possession than Giuliani , and more than other mayor in the world .
Why has the NYPD continued to order narcotics and patrol officers to make so many misdemeanor pot arrests ?
For many reasons .
The arrests are easy , safe , and provide training for new officers .
The arrests gain overtime pay for patrol and narcotics police and their supervisors .
The pot arrests allow officers to show productivity , which counts for promotions and choice assignments .
Marijuana arrests enable the NYPD to obtain fingerprints , photographs and other data on many young people they would not otherwise have in their criminal justice databases .
And there is very little public criticism and thus far no political opposition to New York City 's marijuana arrest crusade .
Do the pot arrests reduce serious and violent crimes ?
No , if anything they increase other crimes .
Professors Harcourt and Ludwig at the University of Chicago Law School analyzed NYPD data and concluded that the pot possession arrests took officers off the street and distracted them from other crime - fighting activities .
" New York City ’s marijuana policing strategy , " they reported , " is having exactly the wrong effect on serious crime – increasing it , rather than decreasing it . ”
Veteran police officers agree terming the possession arrests " a waste of time . "
The arrests drain resources not just of police , but also of courts , jails , prosecutors and public defenders .
Perhaps most appalling is who the police are arresting for marijuana possession .
U.S. government studies have consistently found that young whites use marijuana at higher rates than do young blacks or Latinos .
But the NYPD has long arrested young blacks and Latinos for pot possession at much higher rates than whites .
In 2008 , blacks were about 26 % of New York City 's population , but over 54 % of the people arrested for pot possession .
Latinos were about 27 % of New Yorkers , but 33 % of the pot arrestees .
Whites were over 35 % of the City 's population , but less than 10 % of the people arrested for possessing marijuana .
In 2008 , police arrested Latinos for pot possession at four times the rate of whites , and blacks at seven times the rate of whites .
Do the arrests violate New York State 's decriminalization law ?
Yes and no .
Yes , they certainly violate the spirit and intent of the 1977 law which explicitly sought to eliminate the pot possession arrests and the stigma of criminal records , especially for young people .
And yes , some police , in particular narcotics squads , do make some illegal searches and arrests .
But no , most of the arrests are probably technically legal .
The NYPD has found easy ways to trick or intimidate young people so they allow a search , or even just take out their marijuana and hand it over to the officers .
Here 's how the police do it .
NYPD commanders direct officers to stop and question many young people and make arrests for possessing " contraband . "
In 2008 , the NYPD made more than half a million recorded stop and frisks and an unknown number of unrecorded stops , disproportionately in black , Latino and low - income neighborhoods .
By far , the most common contraband young people might possess is a small amount of marijuana .
According to U.S. Supreme Court decisions , police are allowed to thoroughly pat down the outside of someone 's clothing looking for a gun , which is bulky and easy to detect .
But police cannot legally search inside a person 's pockets and belongings without permission or probable cause .
However , police officers can legally make false statements to people they stop , and officers can trick people into revealing things .
So in a stern , authoritative voice , NYPD officers will say to the young people they stop :
" We 're going to have to search you .
If you have anything illegal you should show it to us now .
If we find something when we search you , you 'll have to spend the night in jail .
But if you show us what you have now , maybe we can just give you a ticket .
And if it ’s nothing but a little weed , maybe we can let you go .
So if you ’ve got anything you ’re not supposed to have , take it out and show it now . ”
When police say this , the young people usually take out their small amount of marijuana and hand it over .
Their marijuana is now " open to public view . "
And that – having a bit of pot out and open to be seen – technically makes it a crime , a fingerprintable offense .
And for cooperating with the police , the young people are handcuffed and jailed .
Before Mayors Giuliani and Bloomberg , New York police rarely if ever did this to make marijuana arrests .
Since 1997 the NYPD has used this procedure to make tens of thousands of marijuana arrests a year , averaging about a hundred a day , every day for over twelve years .
This is more than ten times the average number of marijuana arrests the City made previously .
As NYPD and New York Criminal Court data show , before 1997 marijuana arrests were less than one percent of all arrests .
The lowest - level misdemeanor pot possession arrests are now over ten percent of all arrests in New York City .
New York is extreme in the number of its marijuana arrests .
But other cities are also making many pot possession arrests and jailings at high rates , often using the same techniques as the NYPD .
As FBI arrest data shows , this includes Atlanta , Baltimore , Cincinnati , Cleveland , Denver , Houston , Indianapolis , Philadelphia , Phoenix , San Antonio , and other cities .
Since the 1990s , the U.S. War on Drugs has emphasized making many low - level possession arrests , especially of marijuana .
At least forty percent of all drug arrests are now just for marijuana possession and U.S. marijuana arrests are at an all time high .
In the last ten years , the U.S. has arrested more than six million people , mostly young people , for possessing marijuana .
As in New York City , pot arrests nationally are racially skewed , racially biased .
Throughout the U.S. , young blacks and Latinos are stopped , searched and arrested for pot possession at much higher rates than whites – even though young whites use marijuana at higher rates .
Do the arrests harm the people arrested ?
Absolutely .
They produce permanent , criminal records which potential employers can easily find , often on the internet .
As even the New York City Health Department recognizes , " A marijuana conviction can keep you from getting a student loan , a job , a house or an apartment – even years later . "
In effect , the marijuana arrests provide the young , mostly low - income blacks , Latinos and whites with a head start for unemployment and prison .
The arrests are expensive , but state and local governments do not have to pay for them all .
Arrests for possessing even tiny amounts of marijuana and other drugs are subsidized by the U.S. government .
Up to a billion dollars a year has been going to states , prosecutors and police departments through the Byrne Grant Program to “ fight ” drugs and crime .
Many Democrats in Congress have been strong supporters of Byrne Grants , including Senators Joe Biden and Barack Obama .
In 2009 , the economic stimulus package enacted by Congress added two billion dollars more to the Byrne Grant Program .
This tripled Byrne Grant funding raising it to the highest level ever .
As a result , this epidemic of racially - biased and stigmatizing marijuana possession arrests in New York City and elsewhere will grow even larger .
The Obama administration 's Department of Justice could alter Byrne grant regulations so that police departments , prosecutors and local governments cannot use the federal funds to subsidize arrests of people who possess only small amounts of marijuana .
That alone could do a great deal to reduce the arrests , jailings , and stigmatizing criminal records .
But police departments and prosecutors have enormous political clout in Washington .
And other than a few civil liberties and drug policy reform groups , there is currently little organized opposition to the pot arrests .
Partly because of the economic crisis , some people , especially in California , have proposed that marijuana be legalized , taxed and regulated like alcohol is .
Serious , broad - ranging debate about alternatives to marijuana prohibition would be a sensible , hopeful development .
But marijuana legalization would constitute a huge change in U.S. drug law and is not likely any time soon .
Meanwhile , the great many damaging , expensive , racially - biased marijuana possession arrests and jailings continue – even in places like New York that have legally decriminalized simple possession .
In the 1980s Barack Obama was a college student in New York City , living on the border of Harlem .
He used marijuana , walked around the city a lot , and sometimes may have carried a bit of pot in his pocket .
If the current policing policies of New York and other cities were in effect at that time , he might well have been arrested and jailed .
If that had happened Barack Obama would not be president today .
Is this what Americans want their police to be doing : arresting enormous numbers of young people , disproportionately black and Latino , and destroying their futures , for … pot possession ?
Harry G. Levine is a professor of sociology at Queens College , City University of New York .
He is the coauthor of Crack in America : Demon Drugs and Social Justice , and of the NYCLU report : Marijuana Arrest Crusade : Racial Bias and Police Policy in New York City , 1997 - 2007 .
Source : AlterNet ( US )
Author : Harry G. Levine , AlterNet
Published : August 10 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Independent Media Institute
Contact : letters@alternet.org
Website : http://www.alternet.org/
URL : http://www.alternet.org/story/141866/
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/justice.shtml
When 22 - year - old programmer Aaron Swartz decided last fall to help an open - government activist amass a public and free copy of millions of federal court records , he did not expect he 'd end up with an FBI agent trying to stake out his house .
But that 's what happened , as Swartz found out this week when he got his FBI file through a Freedom of Information Act request .
A partially - redacted FBI report shows the feds mounted a serious investigation of Swartz for helping put public documents onto the public web .
The FBI ran Swartz through a full range of government databases starting in February , and drove by his home , after the U.S. court system told the feds he 'd pilfered approximately 18 million pages of documents worth $ 1.5 million dollars .
That 's how much the public records would have cost through the federal judiciary 's pay - walled PACER record system , which charges eight cents a page for most legal filings .
" I think its pretty silly they go after people who use the library to try to get access to public court documents , " Swartz said .
" It is pretty silly that instead of calling me up , they sent an FBI agent to my house . "
The feds also checked Swartz 's Facebook page , ran his name against the Department of Labor to figure out his work history , looked for outstanding warrants and prior convictions , checked to see if his mobile phone number had ever come up in a federal wiretap or pen register , and checked him against the records in a private data broker 's database .
The Great Court Records Caper began last year when the judiciary and the Government Printing Office experimented with giving away free access to PACER at 17 select libraries around the country .
Swartz decided to use the trial to grab as many of the public court records as he could and , perversely , release them to the public .
He visited one of the libraries — the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals library in Chicago — and installed a small PERL script he 'd written .
The code cycled sequentially through case numbers , requesting a new document from PACER every three seconds .
In this manner , Swartz got nearly 20 million pages of court documents , which his script uploaded to Amazon 's EC2 cloud computing service .
Or , as the FBI report put it , the public records were " exfiltrated . "
The script ran for a couple of weeks — from September 4 to 22 , until the court system 's IT department realized something was wrong .
Someone was downloading everything .
None of the records , of course , were private or sealed , and Lexis Nexis has a copy of of PACER 's database that it sells a high markup .
But Swartz was n't paying anything .
The Government Printing Office abruptly shut down the free trial and reported to the FBI that PACER was " compromised , " the FBI file reveals .
The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts told the FBI in March that Swartz had gained unauthorized access to the free PACER account .
" AARON SWARTZ would have known his access was unauthorized because it was with a password that did not belonged [ sic ] to him , " reads the FBI report summarizing the judiciary 's position .
Swartz says his script only ran on the library computer .
It did n't use a password at all , but used the PACER authentication cookie set in the PC 's browser .
He donated the 19,856,160 pages to public .
resource.org , an open government initiative spearheaded by Carl Malamud as part of a broader project to make public as many government databases as Malamud can find .
It was Malamud who previously shamed the SEC into putting all its EDGAR filings online in the '90s , and he used $ 600,000 in donations to buy 50 years of documents from the nation 's appeals court , which he promptly put on the internet for anyone to download in bulk .
The Washington bureau of the FBI opened their investigation of Swartz just a week or so before the New York Times published its account of the caper .
The bureau did n't contact him then , but in April , the FBI asked to interview the code jock — saying it needed his help to close the " security hole " he 'd exploited .
When Swartz declined , on the advice of counsel , the feds dropped the investigation after the Justice Department 's Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section closed the case .
Swartz , a former employee of Reddit — a sister company of Wired.com — requested his FBI file in August , and describes it as the " usual mess of confusions that shows the FBI 's lack of sense of humor . "
( Threat Level notes that the FBI 's filled Swartz 's FOIA request at an admirable speed that would have been unheard of as recently as last year . )
That 's how Swartz learned that a Chicago - based FBI agent got Swartz 's driver 's license photo , and considered a stakeout of his home .
But any surveillance , the agent concluded , would be conspicuous , since so few cars were parked on Swartz 's dead - end street in Highland Park , Illinois .
The feds evidently identified Swartz in the first place by approaching Amazon , which provided his name , phone number and address .
It 's not clear if the feds got a subpoena to learn his identity , but they may not have needed one ; Amazon 's user agreement for its cloud computing solutions gives it the right to turn over customer information to the government on request .
Amazon did not reply to a call and online request for comment .
Two months after opening an investigation , the feds finally called Swartz on April 14 .
He declined to speak to them , and demurred again through his lawyer two days later .
The investigation was closed on April 20 .
PACER records still cost eight cents a page , but now PACER users running the Firefox browser can donate their downloads to the public domain with a simple plug - in called RECAP .
Use of the plug - in is not likely to start an investigation of you .
But then again , who knows .
Photo : Flickr / Creative Commons
See Also :
HELSINKI , Nov 10 ( Reuters ) - Nokia NOK1V .HE has started deliveries of its new top - of - the - range model N900 , a key product for the world 's top phone maker in its battle against rivals iPhone and Blackberry .
Nokia Chief Executive Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo said in a speech the company started deliveries of the phone on Tuesday .
The N900 model is Nokia ’s first phone running the Linux Maemo operating system , which analysts see as a key for Nokia to regain ground in the coming years .
Nokia has kept its overall market share stable , close to 40 percent , but it has lost share among more expensive models to the likes of Apple AAPL.O and RIM RIMM .
ORIM .TO .
High - end products are important for Nokia because the company has not only lost market share there , but its average selling prices have declined faster than the industry average .
Goldman Sachs has said it expects
Nokia ’s value share -- a measure reflecting average prices and underlying market share -- for phones costing more than $ 350 to decline to 13 percent this year from 33 percent just two years before .
( Reporting by Brett Young ; Writing by Tarmo Virki ; Editing by Erica Billingham )
Hawks depicted the cuts that Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently proposed for the Pentagon 's weapons programs as a savage assault on the military industrial complex .
They insisted that Secretary Gates would leave us prostrate before future rivals .
Counterinsurgency enthusiasts , meanwhile cheered Mr. Gates 's willingness to swap high - tech platforms for capabilities suited to the unconventional conflicts we are fighting .
The truth is that the Gates proposal is both too cautious and inadequate .
After all , Gates is n't cutting non-war - related military spending ; he 's raising it slightly , to a whopping $ 534 billion .
If he has his druthers , the next military budget will look much like this one :
It will still serve excessive objectives .
We will still defend allies that can defend themselves , fight in other people 's civil wars in a vain effort to " fix " their states , and burn tax dollars to serve the hubristic notion that US military hegemony is what keeps the world safe .
To really keep us safe , we should slash defense spending .
Americans should prepare for fewer wars , not different ones .
Far from providing our defense , our military posture endangers us .
It drags us into others ' conflicts , provokes animosity , and wastes resources .
We need a defense budget worthy of the name .
We need military restraint .
And that would allow us to cut defense spending roughly in half .
Two points demonstrate how unambitious the Gates proposal is .
First , he would just replace most canceled programs .
Gates suggested ending production of the Air Force 's premier fighter , the F - 22 .
But he wants to accelerate the Joint Strike Fighter program and to buy more F - 18s .
He would delay the Navy 's procurement of cruisers and its next carrier , but only slightly .
He would end the Navy 's DDG - 1000 destroyer program , but buy more of the Navy 's older Arleigh Burke class destroyer , and keep buying the Navy 's littoral combat ship .
He proposes breaking up the Army 's modernization program , the Future Combat Systems , and canceling some of the vehicles – but they will be replaced with others .
All told , spending on a national missile defense program would be cut by only about 15 percent .
Second , the military 's size will barely budge under this plan .
Yes , the Army would grow to only 45 brigade combat teams rather than 48 , as was planned .
But the people who were to fill out the 48 would be stuffed into 45 – the units will have higher readiness .
The Navy is likely to shrink to 10 carrier battle groups instead of 11 , but the decline will take decades .
The Air Force will shrink only slightly .
Gates wants to halt personnel reductions in the Air Force and Navy and continue to expand the Army and Marines by 90,000 servicemen .
To understand why that is conservative , consider how much we spend on defense relative to both our purported rivals and our past .
Our defense budget is almost half the world 's , even leaving out nuclear weapons , the wars , veterans , and homeland security .
It is also more than we spent at any point during the cold war .
When that struggle ended , we simply gave back the Reagan buildup and kept spending at average cold war levels .
Then we began another buildup in 1998 that nearly doubled nonwar defense spending .
There are no enemies to justify such spending .
Invasion and civil war are unthinkable here .
North Korea , Syria , and Iran trouble their citizens and neighbors , but with small economies , shoddy militaries , and a desire to survive , they pose little threat to us .
Their combined military spending is one - sixtieth of ours .
Russia and China are incapable of territorial expansion that should pose any worry , unless we put our troops on their borders .
China 's defense spending is less than one - fifth of ours .
We spend more researching and developing new weapons than Russia spends on its military .
And with an economy larger than ours , the European Union can protect itself .
Our biggest security problem , terrorism , is chiefly an intelligence problem arising from a Muslim civil war .
Our military has little to do with it .
We should embrace this geopolitical fortune , not look for trouble .
If we decided to avoid Iraq - style occupations and fight only to defend ourselves or important allies , we could cut our ground forces in half .
If we admitted that we are not going to fight a war with China anytime soon , we could retire chunks of the Air Force and Navy that are justified by that mission .
Even with a far smaller defense budget , ours will remain the world 's most powerful military by a large margin .
The recently enacted GI Bill , which gives veterans a subsidized or free college education , offers a vehicle for transitioning military personnel into the civilian economy .
Of course , powerful interests benefit from heavy defense spending , and cutting the military budget would be a tough sell .
Both political parties believe that American primacy is the route to safety .
But they 're wrong .
A more restrained approach to defense is what would make us safer .
Benjamin H. Friedman is a research fellow in defense and homeland security studies at the Cato Institute and a PhD candidate in political science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) took a big step towards becoming more accessible on Friday , with an impressive upgrade of its Electronic Comment Filing System .
The new EFCS offers far more searching capability , formatting flexibility , and bookmarking power than ever before .
The system offers text searching and RSS conversion , and it makes it easier to comment on proceedings .
EFCS 2.0 still does n't go quite as far as we recommended last year , but it 's another example of how the Commission is turning fcc.gov into a true public resource .
Here 's a guide to the new goodies , and how you can use them to comment on FCC proceedings and research what 's happening at the agency .
Commenting
There was no place to go but up from the old commenting page the FCC offered until Friday ( it will still be around for a month or so , we 're told ) .
Our favorite part of that old clunker was this caveat for short comments : " If you are entering over 70 characters on one line be sure to press your carriage return to ensure proper line - wrapping . "
The new commenting page is well - organized , attractive , and far easier to navigate for both experts and beginners .
It allows you to upload one document to multiple proceedings , or many documents to many different proceedings .
And it does n't restrict what kind of document file you can send to the agency like the old system did .
If you just want to lob off a quick rant to the Commission about some ongoing proceeding , the new " hot docket " express page is much easier to navigate .
It shows up with a comment link to the agency 's hottest issue — its new net neutrality proceeding — right at the top of the page .
And lo and behold , if you click that blue " i " icon , it takes you to all the public comments and filings on that issue that have been sent to the FCC over the last thirty days ( more about that feature later ) .
The new system still lacks a searchable proceedings wiki or index to accompany these comment pages .
What stumps most newbies is that in order to comment on an active FCC rulemaking , you have to know its docket number .
Because the Commission offers no quick guide to available proceedings and their accompanying dockets , that number functions as a gatekeeper , preventing people unfamiliar with the FCC 's bureaucratic system from commenting .
Still , the new system paves the way for further innovation and change .
Now with text searching
ECFS 2.0 offers a wide variety of ways to follow who is saying what at the FCC .
Want to know what everybody filed on any given day ?
Just go to the " daily filings " calendar feature on the left side of the main page .
For example : here 's what came in on Friday .
You can format what you see in a variety of ways , changing it from default tabular to expanded form .
And you can customize the columns , adding or subtracting fields to simplify your data .
Then you can export the results to an Excel file or crank out a PDF history report .
Plus , click any blue " i " iconed comment on your page and it takes you to a nicely formatted PDF embedded within the site .
Or if you click the hyperlink it goes to an external PDF .
And the page allows you to easily jump from the newest through the oldest comments of the day via the last hyperlink at the top of the page .
All these formatting options are available via ECFS 2.0's new file search page and its proceedings search page .
The file search page defaults to all submissions for the current day , a feature that some users may experience as an annoyance .
But a link option at the top of the page allows you to clear this restriction .
The really big change , though , is that , for the first time , you can now do keyword / text searches on FCC documents via the sites ' new Java Server Pages app .
According to the Commission , which demonstrated the new system at a public forum on Friday , its programmers have converted " every single filing to image plus text all the way back to 1992 . "
Only extensive use will show how successful they were .
But we did a vanity search and quickly located over 150 filings that reference Ars Technica stories , so we 're convinced the system is in good working order .
Bookmarking
The second major breakthrough is that you can now turn these links into bookmarkable RSS feeds .
For example , go to search for proceedings , type in the agency 's net neutrality docket number ( 07 - 52 ) and hit that yellow search button at the bottom of the page .
From the results page , access that RSS feed link on the upper right , and voila ! , you 've got an RSS feed that you can read from the browser of your choice , or set up an RSS widget on your blog .
If the results are a bit overwhelming , do n't forget to use the " exclude brief comments " checkbox option on the filing or proceedings search page .
It looks like you can't set up RSS feeds from text searches yet , however .
There 's still more work to be done to make FCC activity more discoverable and therefore respondable .
This system only searches for docketed filings — that is to say filings associated with FCC proceedings .
Petitions for rulemaking that have n't been assigned docket numbers , indecency complaints , and filings in response to enforcement actions are n't part of this system , as far as we can tell .
It would also be helpful if the agency more uniformly explained under what circumstances comments posted at its various new discussion sites like blogband.gov and openinternet.gov count as formal comments submitted to the Commission .
The ones at blogband .
gov do n't , it seems , while the comments at openinternet .
gov do ?
At this point , if you want to be sure your feedback gets into the official record , it 's best to file it with ECFS 2.0 .
One thing is for sure .
The new setup goes a long way towards making what the FCC does far more accessible and transparent .
That 's good for the concerned public .
It 's also good for credibility of the FCC , which demands accessibility and transparency from the industries it regulates .
The sky ?
She is falling .
Nintendo has taken a beating in the first half of the year , and for the first time in six years the company is projecting its earnings to fall .
The ?64.59 billion ( $ 709.3 million ) the company earned in the April to September is a 52 percent drop from the same period last year , when the company posted profits of ? 144.83 billion ( $ 1.59 billion ) .
So what 's going to happen now ?
The Japanese company is going to have to lower its gaze and fight in the trenches , as analysts expect at least one more big hit to drive profits before the holidays , but no one believes that sales will ever be able to match the highs Nintendo has experienced in the past years .
The ride could n't last forever
" It is unrealistic for any company in the entertainment industry to believe they can sustain aggressive growth , " Jesse Divnich , director of Analyst Services for Electronic Entertainment Design and Research ( EEDAR ) told Ars .
" The appetites of consumers change too frequently when it comes to how we entertain ourselves .
The same pace at which an entertainment product can grow is the same pace at which the product can retract . "
We 've already seen the Nintendo Wii fall from its lofty heights in the United States .
Last month the PlayStation 3 outsold the Wii by 29,000 units , an achievement that would have been surreal even six months ago .
The Nintendo DS was still the number one selling piece of hardware , but only by 32,400 units .
It 's not much better worldwide .
" Nintendo , which did not break down quarterly numbers , said it sold 5.75 million
Wii machines around the world during the period , far short of the more than 10 million sold for the same six months last year , " the Associated Press reported .
How will the price drop affect sales ?
" We already saw unit sales of the Wii increase substantially in September , so yes , consumers do react to price drops .
The question is how long it will impact sales , " NPD Group analyst Anita Frazier told Ars .
" Looking historically at price drops across a multitude of hardware platforms , there is a wide variance in the sales impact . "
She does note that $ 200 is a great psychological price point for consumers .
Divnich claims that Nintendo's success was more than impressive , it was a once - in - a - lifetime event ; sales may be buoyed by the price drop , but they 'll never reach 2008 levels again .
" And that 's not to slight Nintendo , I 'm just saying that Nintendo 's success in 2008 was so massive that it is unlikely anyone will ever be able to repeat it . "
Nintendo's secret weapon ?
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii
Nintendo may sound like it's in trouble , but it has one very large advantage coming into this holiday season : a new Mario Bros. title .
Nintendo has claimed the first half of its fiscal year was light on hits , but Frazier points out that this was an industry - wide problem : there just have n't been many monster hits in the past months .
" That said , not only should New Super Mario Bros .
Wii sell extremely well , but big hits from other publishers ( notably MW2 ) should help improve industry results . "
It may not be enough to match last year 's sales , but she expects a marked improvement in sales coming in the next few months .
Divnich has some bold predictions for New Super Mario Bros .
Wii as well .
" The New Super Mario Bros . for the Wii will be the best selling game this holiday season , it will even outsell the Xbox 360 version of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , " he told Ars .
" That is how big of a release this will be .
Typically , just one game can't make a difference , but this would be an exception , as New Super Mario Bros will be a large catalyst for hardware and accessory sales for the Nintendo Wii . "
He puts lifetime sales at over 17 million units , which would make it a hit on the scope of Nintendo 's past large successes such as Mario Kart , Wii Fit , and Wii Play .
Our prediction ?
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii is going to be huge .
Anecdotes abound : relatives are calling about the game , a story simply featuring a trailer for the game brought in huge traffic , and every time we write about the game the comment thread basically turns into people saying they 're either going to buy it or they already have a preorder in .
Every sign points to the game becoming a monster , and Nintendo has to be looking forward to its release on November 15 in the US .
What does this mean for Nintendo moving forward ?
Everyone seems to agree Nintendo wo n't be able to match the numbers posted in the first few years of sales for either the Wii or the Nintendo DS , and it 's unlikely we 'll see a system come close to that level of sustained sales or buzz in the next few generations .
Nintendo may be forced to try harder with games and accessories in the coming year , and that 's good news for gamers looking for more franchise and AAA titles coming to the system .
After all , sales may be dropping for Nintendo , but that means the company is only very successful , instead of amazingly profitable .
Somehow , they may have to learn to live with only being # 1 by a smaller margin .
[ Neil Barofsky 's report on the AIG bailout is ] must reading for any taxpayer hoping to understand why the $ 182 billion “ rescue ” of what was once the world ’s largest insurer still ranks as the most troubling episode of the financial disaster .
And it could n’t have come at a more pivotal moment ...
[ T ]he actions taken in the deal by Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner , who was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at the time , grow curiouser and curiouser .
Keep reading at the NYT >
FORMAT Strip down Windows XP by removing programs you do n't need ( check out extremetech.com or lifehacker.com for help ) .
Next , go to Control Panel and then Display to change the look of the system .
Choose " high contrast / white " for the background , and increase the size of the icons so you can tap things easily with the pen .
You can even make the interface black and white to look more Kindle - like .
Use the D - pad mapping software included with the tablet or the reader apps to change button functions -- for example , I mapped Page Up and Page Down to be " next page " and " previous page . "
There is a rising concern that Timothy Geithner ’s efforts in regulatory reform might be undermined by his connection and close ties to top Wall Street executives .
The criticism is that his advisors have close ties to banks that may present a conflict of interest .
For more on this , see the following article from Money Morning .
![ filekey = |4540| align=|right| caption=|| alt=|treasury secretary | ]
Financial disclosure forms revealed last week that some of U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner ’s closest aides earned millions of dollars a year working for top Wall Street firms .
That finding alone would not likely be enough to cast doubt over Geithner ’s ability to take the lead in reforming the financial system .
But this is n’t the first time the Treasury Secretary has come under fire for maintaining close ties with Wall Street , while failing to look out for the interest of the average American .
Indeed , disclosure of Geithner ’s phone records showed that the Treasury Secretary has had Wall Street firms on speed dial for the duration of the crisis , and a government watchdog group recently blamed him more than any other government official for the oversized bonuses that were paid out to financial firms that received taxpayer bailouts .
Together , these revelations have undermined confidence in Geithner ’s ability to be a dynamic force in pushing for the financial regulatory reform he ’s promised .
The advisors who came under scrutiny last week included Lewis Alexander , a former chief economist at Citigroup Inc. ( NYSE : C ) , Mark Patterson , a former lobbyist for Goldman Sachs Group Inc. ( NYSE : GS ) , and Matthew Kabaker , who earnings millions of dollars at private equity firm Blackstone Group LP .
Alexander , who in March left Citigroup to join up with Geithner , was paid $ 2.4 million in 2008 and the first few months of 2009 , Bloomberg News reported .
Kabaker , who had a hand in crafting the plan to spur banks to sell their toxic assets , earned $ 5.8 million working on private equity deals at Blackstone in 2008 and 2009 before joining the Treasury in January .
A large portion of that payout was in stock that Kabaker received when Blackstone went public in 2007 .
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. paid another advisor to Geithner , Gene Sperling , $ 887,727 for advice on its charitable giving , and fulltime lobbyist Mark Patterson $ 637,492 , according to Bloomberg .
Lee Sachs reported more than $ 3 million in salary and partnership income from New York hedge fund Mariner Investment Group .
Because these advisors work as so - called counselors , they do n’t require Senate confirmation , yet they still help oversee the $ 700 billion banking bailout and influence financial regulatory reform , including limits on executive pay .
Critics , including those in President Obama ’s own cabinet , contend that this presents a conflict of interest .
“ The influence of money and lobbies on Washington has reached a shameful level , ” Paul Volcker , chairman of the newly formed Economic Recovery Advisory Board , told the financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore .
“ Not to mention the fact that , since many Treasury nominees have not been confirmed by Congress , Geithner is surrounded by private advisors .
Eight months into the new administration , the Treasury does not yet have a staff of [ its own ] officials .
And this raises the question of using informal advisors who come from Wall Street .
It should not happen . ”
It ’s not just Geithner ’s aides that have ties to Wall Street , either .
The Treasury Secretary ’s phone records show he had at least 80 conversations with top financial figures since January 28 .
That includes 10 discussions with JPMorgan Chase & Co. ’s ( NYSE : JPM ) Jamie Dimon and 22 with Goldman Sachs Chief Lloyd Blankfein .
Blackrock boss Larry Fink and Citigroup luminaries Dick Parsons and Vikrim Pandit also ranked high on Geithner ’s call registry .
It ’s not unusual for the U.S. Treasury Secretary to keep close contact with his corporate counterparts , but coupled with his previous position as Chairman of the Federal Reserve of New York , Geither has garnered the perception of being particularly cozy with Wall Street bigwigs .
“ I do n’t mind that he ’s talking to Wall Street , ” said U.S. Rep. Brad Sherman , D - CA , “ The problem is he appears to be listening . ”
AIG Arbitrage
Accusations such as these were underscored by a recently released watchdog report that blamed Geithner for $ 168 million in bonuses paid out to executives at AIG , a company that received more than $ 180 billion in taxpayer funds .
Neil Barofsky , the Special Treasury Department Inspector General who is in charge of overseeing the Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) , characterized the payout as a “ failure of communication and a failure of management ” on the part of the Treasury , which he said “ outsourced its oversight ” to other agencies .
AIG argued that it had no choice but to pay the bonuses , a large portion of which went the it ’s Financial Products group that led to the company ’s downfall and exacerbated the financial crisis .
AIG asked some of its employees to return the money voluntarily , but so far the insurance company has recovered just $ 19 million of the $ 45 million it asked the recipients to repay .
While the government – which now owns 80 % of the company – has said it has little authority to rescind pre-existing contracts , Barofsky accused both the Treasury and Congress of missing opportunities to demand renegotiations .
“ Just because it was a legally binding contract did n’t mean there were n’t other alternatives , ” said Barofsky .
“ They did n’t think it was that big a deal – $ 168 million was a drop in the bucket , ” he added .
“ Their concern was paying back the debt . ”
Barofsky is currently working alongside TARP “ pay czar ” Kenneth Feinberg to reduce the $ 198 million in bonuses AIG is scheduled to pay out in March 2010 .
Other critics have been even harsher with their criticism .
“ We have a Secretary of the Treasury who failed to know what he should have known , failed to do what he should have done , and has failed to give us transparency , ” U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa , R- CA told ABC News .
“ We ’re hearing that , one , we ’re not getting transparency and , two , even if we get transparency , if we ca n’t trust the judgment and decisions of the Treasury , then , in fact , we ’re not going to get the outcome the American people expect us to get .
And we ’re going to continue to have non-essential people paid huge bonuses in many cases that are unnecessary with taxpayer dollars . ”
Window Closing on Reform ?
Geithner ’s ties to Wall Street and his inability to effectively manage the AIG bailout leave questions about his role in financial regulatory reform .
Geithner predicted world leaders at the Group 20 meeting in Pittsburgh would sign off on “ really far - reaching … pretty detailed ” executive - pay standards to take effect by year ’s end and set out a timetable for reforming key aspects of financial regulation .
But such comprehensive reform has so far failed to materialize .
Similarly , more than a year after the collapse of Lehman Bros. , a comprehensive plan for domestic reform has yet to emerge from the halls of Congress .
Chairman of House Financial Services Committee Barney Frank plans to “ mark up ” provisions on hedge funds , insurers and brokerages this week – on Oct 21 and 22 – and bring a reform package to a vote on the House floor in November .
“ I think we ’re making a lot of progress , I think momentum is now with Chairman Frank and [ Senate Banking ] Chairman Christopher Dodd and , as the president said last week , it ’s very important that we try to get this done this year , ” Geithner told reporters on Tuesday .
However , some analysts believe that the window for significant reform is closing as the U.S. economy edges toward recovery .
“ As we get a little more distance from the actual collapse and things begin to stabilize , then people think we do n’t need to take as much drastic action , ” Michael Bernstein , an expert in political and economic history who is currently serving as provost at Tulane University , told NPR .
“ That ’s a very disappointing reality . ”
In fact , a large portion of the anti-business rhetoric that provided the backdrop to the financial crisis has been replaced by public rants against big government and the vehement debate over healthcare reform that has consumed Congress .
“ The president has offered a reform proposal that would grant broad new authorities to government bureaucrats while intruding in private markets and restricting personal choice , ” Spencer Bachus of Alabama , the senior Republican on the House Financial Services Committee told The New York Times .
“ The obvious lesson of the events of September 2008 is that we need smarter regulation , not more regulation , not more government bureaucracy , and not more incentives to engage in harmful business practices . ”
Meanwhile , big financial institutions and community banks have unified against several pillars of the proposal , including the creation of a new consumer protection agency , and tighter regulation and more transparency regarding derivatives and credit default swaps – the very instruments that have been blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis .
They ’ve also lobbied hard against restrictions on executive pay , The Times reported .
“ The clock is ticking and we ’re at a cross roads , ” Travis Plunkett , chief lobbyist for the Consumer Federation of America , told CNNMoney .
“ If we do n’t see a substantial move this fall , financial reform may wither on the vine . ”
This article has been republished from Money Morning .
You can also view this article at Money Morning , an investment news and analysis site .
A lazy Harlem cop is being probed for blowing off a subway rider who tried to give her a cellphone picture of a man she caught masturbating on the train , police said yesterday .
The uniformed officer at the 32nd Precinct told the woman , a civilian employee at the FBI ’s New York office , that her complaint was not a police matter and told her to call 311 instead .
An NYPD probe has been launched and the cop was told she has to report to the Internal Affairs Bureau tomorrow , sources said .
The 41 - year - old straphanger ’s ride on an uptown 3 train got raunchy at about 3:45 p.m.
Friday when the pervert boarded at Times Square , took a seat across from the woman and began to pleasure himself , police said .
She managed to take a photo of the man with her cellphone camera before he exited at 96th Street .
The woman went right to the 32nd Precinct .
She lodged a complaint and handed over the picture .
Then the clueless cop told her there was no crime and that it was a matter for 311 , the city ’s information and complaint hotline .
But “ public lewdness ” is a misdemeanor that results in hundreds of arrests each year .
“ It was a police matter and IAB is investigating why anyone would have been told otherwise , ” said police spokesman Paul Browne .
Police released the photo and asked the public ’s help in catching the suspect .
Officials also said the IAB is investigating how the woman was treated .
Transit cops interviewed the rider yesterday .
“ She did n’t have the [ police ] woman ’s name but she described her , ” said a police spokesman .
The straphanger ’s plight recalled another subway rider , Thao Nguyen , who photographed a flasher on a train .
In 2005 , Nguyen , then 22 , was aboard an R train when a man boarded and masturbated .
Nguyen left the train at 34th Street and reported the incident to a policewoman .
The cop took down her information but did n’t want the photo .
So Nguyen posted it online .
That flasher , Dan Hoyt , was arrested and sentenced to two years ’ probation .
Nguyen later testified before a City Council committee that considered raising the penalty for public lewdness from 90 days in jail to a year .
Additional reporting by Larry Celona
philip.messing@nypost.com
TORONTO
“ DO not get out of the car ! ” the private security guard barked at the driver from the back seat of a black van carrying Michael Moore and five striking workers from the United Steelworkers union ( Local 6500 ) .
The event was the screening of Mr. Moore ’s latest film , “ Capitalism : A Love Story ” at the Toronto International Film Festival and , as with most premieres , the sidewalk was packed with people waiting for the limousine doors to open .
But as the driver pulled the van close enough to the curb to clip the shoulder of a Toronto policeman holding back the surging crowd , it became evident that this crowd wanted more than autographs .
There were picketers , homemade protest signs and people dressed as 19th - century robber barons .
Even the miners , whom Mr. Moore invited to bring attention to their bitter two - month strike against the mining giant Vale Inco in Sudbury , Ontario , looked wide - eyed at the spectacle last Sunday .
“ Uh , oh , ” Mr. Moore said , looking out the front - seat passenger window .
“ They ’ve got pitchforks . ”
Mr. Moore , a veteran of political action and perhaps the most successful documentary filmmaker in history , had little reason to worry .
Getting out of the van , he waded into the crowd and greeted the protesters , whose pitchforks were directed at the bankers and bureaucrats behind last year ’s huge Wall Street bailout .
He then entered the Elgin Theater and introduced the miners ( wearing their full work gear ) to the news media , the warm mood broken only slightly when a reporter from “ Entertainment Tonight ” asked sarcastically whether Mr. Moore had arrived in a Cadillac .
“ I do n’t notice , ” he said , asking if anyone knew the make .
“ Jeez , I think it was a Ford , ” one of the miners said , squinting into the paparazzi flashes that lighted up his face .
Lugwig Wittgenstein
Tractatus Logico- Philosophicus
Hypertext of the Ogden bilingual edition
Translated from the German by C.K.
Ogden
With an Introduction by Bertrand Russell
Teenager Natalie Morton died from a malignant tumour in her chest and not from a reaction to the cervical cancer jab , it was revealed today .
Deputy coroner for Coventry Louise Hunt told Natalie 's parents that the current indication was that the vaccine was not a contributing factor in her death .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Opening and adjourning the inquest at Coventry Magistrates ' Court , she said : " It appears that Natalie died from a tumour in her chest involving her heart and her lungs . "
Natalie , 14 , collapsed less than two hours after being given a cervical cancer vaccination at Coventry 's Blue Coat Church of England School on Monday .
Natalie 's mother Elaine Bullock and stepfather Andrew Bullock , paid tribute the 14 - year - old outside the court .
They said she was a " kind and fun-loving teenager with a beautiful smile " .
Mr Bullock said : " Natalie was a wonderful daughter , sister and granddaughter .
" She was kind , fun-loving and had a beautiful smile .
" Natalie had a strong personal faith in God .
We know that she has gone to heaven to be with her saviour , Jesus . "
He added : " We now know that Natalie 's death was the result of a serious underlying medical condition and most probably nothing to do with the vaccine that she had at school on Monday . "
Mr Bullock went on : " We understand that further tests are being carried out to discover the exact cause of Natalie 's death . "
Natalie 's stepfather and mother expressed their gratitude to Blue Coat School headteacher Julie Roberts and her staff , and also thanked paramedics and hospital staff .
" We have seen the flowers and the messages of love and support laid at the cross in the school grounds , " her stepfather added .
The inquest was told that the tumour in Natalie 's chest had " heavily infiltrated " her heart and extended into her left lung .
Home Office pathologist Alexander Kolar told the 15 - minute hearing that Natalie 's condition was " so severe that death could have arisen at any point " .
Dr Kolar gave the official preliminary cause of death as tumour of the chest , type to be diagnosed .
The deputy coroner for Coventry heard that Natalie collapsed in a corridor at the school around 75 minutes after being given her injection .
Detective Sergeant Nicholas Le Poidevin gave the hearing a brief outline of the timings surrounding the death .
The officer , a member of Coventry 's public protection unit , confirmed that the cervical cancer vaccine was administered to Natalie at 10.45 am .
The detective told the coroner : " My understanding is that Natalie attended school as normal on the Monday morning and during the morning she was receiving an immunisation .
" Then , at approximately midday , Natalie suffered a collapse in a corridor .
" At 12.05 pm a nurse on duty at the school during the immunisations attended and Natalie by then was in a state of unconsciousness . "
Natalie , who was spoken to and reassured by teaching staff before losing consciousness , was then given an EpiPen injection and an ambulance arrived at the school at 12.19 pm .
But Natalie , from Stoke , Coventry , was pronounced dead at 1.01 pm after being taken to Coventry 's University Hospital .
The Government has said it has great confidence in the safety of its cervical cancer vaccination programme .
Before the preliminary results from the autopsy on Natalie were known , the vaccine 's manufacturer voluntarily initiated a recall of one batch of vaccine as a precautionary measure .
But health experts have stressed that the vaccine is safe , estimating that the chance of developing a severe , life - threatening reaction to it is around one in a million , while the probability of a British woman developing cervical cancer over her lifetime is 7,400 times greater .
20 Free High Quality Playful Fonts
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Every now and again we take a look around , select “ fresh ” high - quality free fonts and present them to you in a brief overview .
The choice is enormous , so the time you need to find them is usually the time you should be investing in your current projects .
We search for them and we find them , so you do n’t have to .
In this selection we ’re glad to present you Madawaska ExtraLight , Apparatus SIL , League Gothic , Contra and many other high - quality free fonts .
Please read the license agreements carefully before using the fonts — the license can change from time to time .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
New Free Fonts For Your Designs
Madawaska ExtraLight Madawaska is a rugged slab - serif font in 7 weights with fractions , old style numerals & lining numerals .
When you ’re using Madawaska Jeans or Madawaska River styles in an OpenType savvy application , common letter pairs will be automatically replaced by custom pairs for a more realistic , gritty effect .
Madawaska ExtraLight is available for free download and use .
Apparatus SIL
The Apparatus SIL fonts were designed to provide most of the symbols needed to reproduce the textual apparatus found in major editions of Greek and Hebrew biblical texts .
The fonts include the basic ASCII character set plus some international characters , Superscript characters , Certain Greek , Hebrew , Gothic ( Fraktur ) and other letters used for manuscripts and special punctuation .
The font family consts of 4 weights : Regular , Italic , Bold and Bold Italic .
It was designed for optimum clarity and compactness when printed at small point sizes .
League Gothic League Gothic is a revival of an old classic Alternate Gothic No.1 .
It was originally designed by Morris Fuller Benton for the American Type Founders Company ( ATF ) in 1903 .
The company went bankrupt in 1993 .
And since the original typeface was created before 1923 , the typeface is in the public domain .
This font is a display sans - serif , available for free download and use in personal and commercial projects .
Designed by The League Of Moveable Type .
Contra
This legible font family comes in 2 weights : Regular and Italic .
It works best for headlines and in large sizes .
Sorts Mill Goudy A ‘ revival ’ of Goudy Oldstyle and Italic , with features among which are small capitals ( in the roman only ) , oldstyle and lining figures , superscripts and subscripts , fractions , ligatures , class - based kerning , case - sensitive forms , capital spacing .
There is support for many languages that use latin script .
Currently there is no bold , but artificial emboldening by a web browser is n’t especially offensive with these fonts .
Serif text / display - font , designed by Barry Schwartz .
Calluna Regular ( registration is required ) Calluna is a typeface with flow .
Calluna supports a very wide range in languages and is a very complete OpenType typeface .
Each font has overall 723 glyphs .
To download the free regular weight , you ’ll have to register at MyFonts.com .
Designed by Jos Buivenga .
Goudy Bookletter 1911
A classic vintage serif font , based on Frederic Goudy ’s Kennerley Oldstyle .
Designed by Barry Schwartz .
Public Gothic Family Public Gothic
Family is a little industrial , little vintage , little condensed , little bold .
Public Gothic is a new font family , free to use in all your designs , commercial or non commercial .
PB family members are PB Square , PB Vintage , PB Circular , PB Federal .
It ’s compatible with any OS ( Mac T1 , Win OTF , Win TTF ) .
ArtBrush A brushed script font for informal occasions .
The @font - face - kit is included .
FFF
Tusj A distinctive , original script font that is supposed to be a handwritten version of Georgia .
The font works best in very large size .
ITC Chino Bold Italic International Type Corporation released a new text family ITC Chino that consists of 10 fonts .
One weight , Chino Black Italic was released for free .
Burnstown Dam
An original playful typeface that can be useful for family - related websites .
Available in the OpenType format .
Deibi
An original , playful free font , created by Wete , a Spanish type designer .
Tex Gyre Schola
A clean , strong , academic sans - serif font that can be used for formal documents and scientific works .
Juvelo
A font family from The Crud Factory , inspired by Diethelm - Antiqua , and named ‘ jewel ’ in Esperanto .
An italic is being developed .
Programming fonts : ProFont for Windows , Mac and Linux and Anonymous Pro ( thanks , Chris Apalodimas ) .
Sovereign™ Regular Sovereign is a highly original serif family from G - Type ’s Nick Cooke .
Available for Mac and Win .
Experimental Free Fonts
Groteska A blocky experimental font by Alberto Rodríguez .
VAL
Digitica Another geometric font by the French type designer Samuel Delabarre .
Layer Cake and Soraya Layer Cake ( the first screensot below ) is an isometric multiple layered type with capital letters A - Z , available only in Illustrator AI format .
Soraya ( the second screenshot ) is half serif , half sans serif with capital letters A - Z , also available only in Illustrator AI format .
Designed by Jakob Nylund .
Badabum
Where does typography become art ?
Well , for instance in this font .
The letters are difficult to read , but geometric forms are abstrac and captivaning .
A creative font by Jonathan Calugi .
Free Font Amadeus
A playful , @font - face compatible free font by the foundry Bright Ideas .
20 Dingbat Fonts That Are Actually Useful
Reminder : Download fonts from our previous posts
Chunk Open Source Typeface [ Download the .zip - package ]
Chunk is an ultra - bold slab serif typeface that is reminiscent of old American Western woodcuts , broadsides , and newspaper headlines .
Used mainly for display , the fat block lettering is unreserved yet refined for contemporary use .
OpenType. Designed by Meredith Mandel. ( via Graham Smith ) .
Titilium
A very legible , beautiful academic typeface that perfectly fits to every corporate identity design , magazines and headlines of corporate web - sites .
The typeface is available in various weights : text version , title version , extra - black version and full - version .
Rough Draft Regular A legendary TrueType typeface by Harold Lohner .
Contains 189 characters in 9 ranges .
For $ 5 you can buy the complete set which includes separate Outline , Clean Fill , and Solid Fill fonts .
Nilland A beautiful slab - serif typeface , designed by Manfred Klein .
The family consists of 6 weights , regular , bold , extra bold , black , small caps and small caps bold ( link and images via DerSven.de ) .
Aller Sans Dalton Maag design team designed a beautiful sans - serif Aller Sans , sponsored by Danish publishing company Aller ( hence the name ) .
The typeface was designed as part of the Danish School of Media and Journalisms new CI and is now available for free use and download .
M+ Outline
These fonts are free software .
Unlimited permission is granted to use , copy , and distribute it , with or without modification , either commercially and noncommercially .
Designed by Morishita Coji .
The fonts are regulary updated , work in progress .
Caution : Japanese language .
Andale Mono Andale Mono is a highly legible monospaced font which was originally distributed as part of the Internet Explorer 4.0 add - ons page as Monotype.com .
It distinguishes well between the zero , and the O .
You can find 4 further monospaced fonts in Hamish Macpherson ’s article The Typography of Code .
Credits : Hamish MacphersonJunction [ Download the .zip - package ]
Designed by Caroline Hadilaksono , Junction is a humanist sans - serif typeface .
It has elegant , clearn and very sharp glyphs , but contains only 100 most common symbols .
Like Gentium it perfectly fits to body copy , but can also show its strengths , balance and beauty in headlines .
Here are some insights from the designer : Vegur
This humanist sans - serif family is available in OpenType - format in three weights : ExtraLight , Regular and Bold .
The typeface can be perfectly used both in body copy and in headlines .
We 'll soon be building new hearts to order in just 24 hours say stem cell scientists
Dean
Third used to look forward to weekends spent refereeing local football matches , and outings with his young family .
But now even walking to the end of the road can leave him breathless and exhausted .
For the past four years , the father of four has suffered from dilated cardiomyopathy ( DCM ) , a disease of the heart muscle which causes it to enlarge , affecting its ability to pump blood to the arteries .
The condition afflicts 12,000 people in the UK , and for most sufferers the cause is unknown .
If uncontrolled it can be fatal , and patients must adhere strictly to a regime of medication .
Breakthrough : Dean
Third studies a rat 's heart built using stem cells , seen in close - up below
For Dean , a mature student from Brightlingsea , Essex , the only chance of a normal life is a heart transplant .
But he says : ' I am way down the list because there are so few .
I may die before one becomes available .'
Dean , 39 , also has to live with the knowledge that he may have given the disease to his children .
Although his wife , Cathy , 40 , does not have it , there is a 50 per cent chance he could have given it to Nadine , 16 , William , 14 , Ross , 12 , and Charlotte Rose , nine .
They will have to be monitored for the rest of their lives .
However , Dean has just taken part in a BBC Horizon TV programme where he discovered that medics are on the brink of a major breakthrough , meaning conditions such as his could be cured by making new hearts from the patient 's own stem cells .
Often referred to as the body 's ' building blocks ' , stem cells have the remarkable potential to develop into many different cell types in the body during early life and growth .
In addition , in many tissues they serve as a sort of internal repair system , dividing without limit to replenish other cells as they die out .
When a stem cell divides , each new cell has the ability either to remain a stem cell or become another type of cell with a more specialised function , such as a brain cell , a red blood cell or , as Dean learnt , healthy heart cells .
The documentary team examined the cases of three patients with chronic conditions to discover whether , within their lifetimes , they might be cured .
Dean visited Dr Anthony Mathur , from University College London , to witness the world 's first trial using stem cells taken from bone marrow .
The cells are injected into the muscles of the heart to regenerate damaged tissue .
He also travelled to Minnesota in America to visit laboratories carrying out research to produce new hearts using stem cells .
Although the research has so far been used only to produce a new rat 's heart , experts believe the prospects for the future are limitless .
Dean 's health problems began in May 2005 when he began to feel lethargic and nauseous and assumed he was coming down with a cold .
' I was absolutely exhausted and just wanted to sleep , which was just not like me .
My GP thought it was a stomach bug .
I 'd passed a medical the month before because I was planning to join Essex Police as a special constable , so I thought the doctor was right and I 'd get over it . '
But two weeks later Dean 's wife went to check on him and found him almost unrecognisable .
' I was horribly bloated and struggling to breathe , ' he says .
' It was really frightening .
My heart was pounding as if I 'd just run a sprint .
Cathy called the doctor and I was rushed to Colchester Hospital . '
An echocardiogram - an ultrasound scan of the heart - revealed cardiomyopathy .
Dean 's rapid heart beat - 220 beats per minute instead of the normal 80 bpm - was a complication of his condition .
Doctors were able to stabilise him , but he was in hospital for three weeks before going home .
' When I got home and could barely walk down the stairs , I knew that my life was never going to be the same .
I am now registered as disabled . '
DCM can be triggered by a virus , poor nutrition , pregnancy and childbirth .
But Dean believes his illness is hereditary .
' I found out my cousin died of it aged 27 , and that my two uncles also suffer from it , ' he says .
The progress of the disease varies between patients .
In some cases the condition remains stable , while in others the heart gradually deteriorates .
Sudden death , due to severe arrhythmia ( irregular heart beat ) bringing on a stroke , is a rare but not unheard - of consequence .
Dean now takes the blood - thinning drug Warfarin and beta blockers , which slow the heart rate .
But the prospect of creating new functioning hearts from a patient 's own tissue is now a real possibility .
While researchers have yet to get results in human subjects , scientists at the University of Minnesota have produced new working hearts using rats ' and pigs ' stem cells .
Dr Doris Taylor , of the Centre for Cardiovascular Repair , has taken a heart from a dead rat and drained it of all its stem cells so that it is nothing more than a lump of protein , a process called whole - organ decellularisation .
She then took stem cells from a live rat and injected them into the inert heart .
The stem cells are able to recognise it is a heart and begin working to form new cells , producing a new organ .
She says : ' The main problem of heart transplants is the body rejecting the organ .
If all the tissues come from the original patient , there is minimal risk of rejection . '
Dr Taylor thinks that their research could provide new organs within 24 hours for desperate recipients .
Dean admits : ' For the first time , I 've been given hope . '
• Horizon , BBC2 , Tuesday , 9 pm .
Customize Your Homepage X The FreeLibrary.com now allows you to create your own personal homepage by adding and removing , dragging and dropping , and " using or losing " existing content windows .
In addition , you can add your own bookmarks , weather information , horoscope , and RSS feeds from anywhere on the web .
Random Article X Dance Magazine :
Free to Be Fierce :
The fearlessly radiant Xin Ying is every bit as tough as the Graham heroines she embodies .
Even when just walking down the street , Xin Ying often can't help herself :
She has to dance .
One evening in June , while visiting family in Indiana , she paused on a stretch of suburban road bathed in golden - hour sunlight .
To the sound of birdsong , she let her impulses guide her in a short improvisation , or what she sometimes calls a meditation : spinning in sneakers , saluting the treetops , inscribing the air with her willowy arms .
Talk to people who have worked with her , and they 'll tell ... keep reading this article About The Free Library X Since 2003 , The Free Library has offered free , full - text versions of classic literary works from hundreds of celebrated authors , whose biographies , images , and famous quotations can also be found on the site .
Recently , The Free Library has been expanded to include a massive collection of periodicals from hundreds of leading publications covering Business and Industry , Communications , Entertainment , Health , Humanities , Law , Government , Politics , Recreation and Leisure , Science and Technology , and Social Sciences .
This collection includes millions of articles dating back to 1984 as well as newly - published articles that are added to the site daily .
The Free Library is an invaluable research tool and the fastest , easiest way to locate useful information on virtually any topic .
Explore the site through a keyword search , or simply browse the enormous collection of literary classics and up - to - date periodicals to find exactly what you need .
One of the most challenging aspects of college is finding a way to pay for it .
Scholarships can seem scarce — especially if you are one of hundreds of people competing for standard scholarships for leadership , academics and need .
Instead , it might help to think outside the box a little bit .
There are a number of scholarships available that cater to individuals that have more specific qualifications .
And because they are “ weird , ” fewer people know about them , so there is less competition .
Some of the scholarships are for smaller amounts , but every little bit helps .
Here are some examples of lesser - known scholarships available :
Duck Brand Duct Tape ’s “ Stuck at Prom ” Scholarship Contest : Win $ 3,000 if your prom outfit , made from duct tape , is chosen the sinner .
Tall Clubs International : This association of tall people award scholarships to women who are 5 ’ 10 ″ and men who are 6 ’ 2 ″ and going to college .
The scholarship is worth $ 1,000 , and is meant for students attending their first year of college .
Little People of America :
If you have been diagnosed with dwarfism , you can apply for scholarship awards ranging from $ 250 to $ 1,000 Vegetarian Resource Group :
If you are willing to promote your vegetarian beliefs in your school or community , you might be eligible for a $ 5,000 scholarship .
Carnivores need not apply .
National Beef Ambassador Program :
If you like to eat meat , specifically beef , you can win a scholarship if you are willing to educate others about beef .
Prizes are $ 250 and up .
Klingon Language Institute : Die-hard Star
Trek fans know that Klingon is , in fact , now a fully - fledged language .
And even if you do n’t speak Klingon , if you are are interested in studying language as an undergrad or a grad , you can apply for this $ 500 scholarship .
David Letterman Telecommunications Scholarship :
If you are attending Ball State University , and in the field of telecommunications , you can win $ 10,000 for a creative project .
This scholarship is awarded by a fund set up by one of Ball State ’s most famous alumni .
Collegiate Investors Competition : Present an idea for an invention , and win up to $ 25,000 .
Just make sure your invention is plausible and has societal value .
Chick Evans Caddie Scholarship : Are you a golf caddie ?
Apply for this full - tuition scholarship from the Western Golf Association .
Scholar Athlete Milk Mustache of the Year Award : Known as the SAMMY , this is offered to high school students , seniors , for use in college .
Students must be scholar - athletes .
So , even if you do n’t get a plum athletic scholarship for college , you can still get $ 7,500 .
Scholarships like this are available by the thousands .
There are scholarships for people with the last name Zolp , children of parents who sell Tupperware and many others .
The key is to find scholarships that are somewhat obscure , and then apply for several of them .
Find Weird College Scholarships
There are a number of places to look for scholarships that have unusual requirements .
The good news is that many of these awards do not have academic requirements attached , beyond attending school .
Here are some steps you can take to increase the chances of finding a weird scholarship .
Web search :
Think about your qualities .
This includes specific traits and interests .
Type “ accordion scholarships ” into Google , and you come up with the Jim Boggio Accordion Scholarships , which are awarded to young players of the unusual instrument .
You can do this with a number of traits , such as “ left - handed scholarships , ” or searches including your ethnicity , culture or religion , in search engines from Google to Yahoo to Bing .
: Think about your qualities .
This includes specific traits and interests .
Type “ accordion scholarships ” into Google , and you come up with the Jim Boggio Accordion Scholarships , which are awarded to young players of the unusual instrument .
You can do this with a number of traits , such as “ left - handed scholarships , ” or searches including your ethnicity , culture or religion , in search engines from Google to Yahoo to Bing .
Scholarship databases :
There are a number of databases out there that provide information on scholarships .
The University of North Carolina Chapel
Hill offers a list of scholarship databases that you can sign up for .
These databases help you create a profile , and then can send you email alerts when a scholarship you are eligible for pops up .
: There are a number of databases out there that provide information on scholarships .
The University of North Carolina Chapel
Hill offers a list of scholarship databases that you can sign up for .
These databases help you create a profile , and then can send you email alerts when a scholarship you are eligible for pops up .
Universities themselves :
Call the financial aid offices of the colleges you are applying to .
These offices can help point you in the right direction , and let you know what scholarships are available .
Additionally , once you pick a major , you can speak with your department about what scholarships are available .
You might be surprised by the money that is waiting to be claimed for a number of students with certain qualifications .
Apply for Weird College Scholarships
After you have located possible scholarships , it is time to apply .
It is important to note that not all unusual scholarships are easy to get .
Some scholarships are easier to get than others , but even with the easiest of scholarships , it is important to make sure you fulfill all of the requirements , and understand what the application process entails .
Some scholarships , such as those that require advocacy on the part of some cause , or proficiency in a skill , will require at least two years of work in order to reach a level of eligibility .
Make sure that you start your college scholarship search early , so that you can establish yourself as a worthy recipient .
Some resources you can use to help you apply for scholarships include :
Scholarship Help :
This site takes you through the realities of paying for college , and helps you find scholarship opportunities .
Then it provides helpful hints on how to prepare your scholarship application , how to write your essay , and what to look for in people to write letters of recommendation .
CollegeBoard :
This site is very useful for a number of college planning purposes .
It also includes a section on how to organize your scholarship search , and tips for filling out applications .
Financial Aid Tips :
If you are looking for tips on paying for college , from government grants to scholarships to loans , this site can help you .
It includes a scholarship database , as well as helpful information on writing scholarship essays and providing access to information about minority opportunities .
GradView : Many people do n’t realize how difficult it is to find scholarships as a graduate student .
GradView offers helpful information on available graduate school scholarships , and how to apply for them .
Lewis & Clark College :
This school in Oregon has a rather helpful page on applying for scholarships that are not directly from the university you are attending .
Helpful information on what selection committees look for , as well as resources , is available here .
In the end , your scholarship opportunities are largely limited by your imagination .
It may take some time and effort , but it is possible to find weird college scholarships that you have a reasonable chance of winning .
You enjoyed this article , did n't you ?
Well then ...
This page describes a very easy method for solving Rubik 's Cube .
This solution is designed to be easy to memorise ;
It uses just 4 sequences in total which are summarised at the end of this tutorial . → →
The First Layer
Note :
If you get stuck , feel free to ask questions in the shoutbox ( left sidebar ) , or if you 're lucky there may be someone who can help you in the Rubik 's Cube Chatroom .
Make a cross
The first step is to build the yellow cross shown left .
( If you can not see the picture , update your web browser to the latest version . )
Building the cross is simply a matter of inserting each of the 4 cross pieces , one by one , around the yellow centre .
It is best if you manage to solve the cross on your own .
But if you are stuck , try to get each cross piece into one of the following two positions , and then insert as shown :
Case # 1
Case # 2
Rotate the cross
Rotate the yellow cross until some of the colours around the sides begin to match .
If you get it so that one colour matches , keep rotating futher .
It is always possible to get at least 2 colours to match ( click play ) .
If you 're very lucky , it is possible that all 4 colours match .
If this happens , you can skip the next step .
Swap the incorrect cross pieces
If you still have two bad cross pieces , you will need to swap them .
There are two different possibilities .
Either the two bad pieces are next to each other , or they are on opposite sides of the cube .
Case # 1 Case # 2
You may click and drag the cube to rotate it The two bad pieces are next to each other .
The two bad pieces are on opposite sides of the cube .
Both of these cases are really handled by the very same strategy .
First , we move one of the bad pieces to the top layer .
This is so that we can move the top layer independently from the bottom layer .
Then , we rotate the bad piece on the top layer until it becomes positioned directly above where we want it to go .
Then we rotate it to the bottom layer which solves it .
This very same move also moves the other bad piece to the top layer , and we solve it using the same strategy in reverse .
Your cube should now look like this .
Insert the 4 bottom corners
Next , you will insert the 4 yellow corner pieces into the bottom layer .
If there is a yellow corner on the top face , rotate the top face around until the corner is directly above the position where it must be inserted ( click play ) .
In this case , the corner has red / green colours , and therefore must be placed above the red / green corner position .
Now you are ready to insert the corner , and there are three possible situations :
Case # 1 Case # 2 Case # 3 ( Just a mirror image of the previous case )
In this case , if you just twist the corner then it will match one of the previous cases .
If a corner has already been inserted into the bottom layer the wrong way , first raise it to the top and then apply one of the previous cases .
Your first corner should now be solved .
The other 3 yellow corners can also be solved in the same way as the first .
Your cube should now look like this .
You have now solved 1 /3rd of the cube !
The Second Layer
Insert the 4 middle edges
Once again , I just show you how to solve the first piece in this step , and the other 3 pieces can be solved in the same way .
The following situations are possible :
Case # 1 Case # 2 Case # 3 ( Just a mirror image of the previous case )
By applying case # 1 or case # 2 , you can " force out " a piece that was inserted the wrong way .
Once you do this , you can apply one of the previous cases to insert it back the correct way .
Your first middle edge should now be solved .
The other 3 middle edges can also be solved in the same way as the first .
Your cube should now look like this .
You have now solved 2 /3rds of the cube !
The Third Layer
Make the edges face up
Case # 1 → Case # 2 → Case # 3
Notice that each case is solved using the SAME solution !
( It is important to hold your cube so that the pattern on top faces the same direction as the ones above . )
Your cube should now look like this .
Make the corners face up
If you have exactly three corners to twist , then apply one of these cases :
Case # 1 Case # 2 ( Just a mirror image of the previous case . )
Otherwise , in any other case , simply apply case # 1 holding the cube at a specific angle shown below :
Case # 3 Case # 4 Case # 5 Case # 6 Case # 7
Your cube should now look like this .
Correctly position the corners
Case # 1 Case # 2 ( Just a mirror image of the previous case . )
Case # 3
Here , simply rotate the top face around until it matches one of the previous cases .
Case # 4
Here , just apply case # 1 from any angle , and then your cube should match one of the previous cases .
Your cube should now look like this .
Correctly position the edges
After applying any of these cases , your cube will be solvable using case # 1 or case # 2 .
Do you remember the sequence of moves that will make 3 corners face up , and its mirror image ?
This is all you need to know to correctly position the edges .
Case # 1
If you have exactly three edges wrong and they need to be rotated in a clockwise direction , then hold the cube so that those three edges are at the front , and apply the following two steps :
Step # 1 → Step # 2
First , twist the corners clockwise .
Next , twist them back to normal using the mirror image case .
Magically , the edges are now solved !
Case # 2
Otherwise , if you have exactly three edges wrong and they need to be rotated in an anti-clockwise direction , then simply do the mirror image of the above .
That is :
Step # 1 → Step # 2 First , twist the corners anti-clockwise .
Next , twist them back to normal using the mirror image case .
Case # 3
Otherwise , if you have four edges wrong , then apply case # 1 from any angle , and the cube should then match one of the previous cases .
Your cube should now look like this .
Congratulations !
Your cube is now solved !
Memorisation
In total , this solution uses 4 different move sequences .
If you can memorise these 4 sequences , then you can solve the cube anywhere and any time using this method :
Sequence
How to memorise Remember this sequence as a rhythmical beat : One - and - Two - and - Three - and - Four - and - .
The bold part involves only the top face and follows the pattern ← → → ←
part involves only the top face and follows the pattern ← → → ←
The italic part follows the pattern ( right side ) ↑ ↓ ( left side ) ↑ ↓
In this sequence , note the following observations :
The first three moves are anti-clockwise .
The final three moves are clockwise .
The first three moves use Red / White / Green .
The final three moves use White / Green / Red .
( It 's the same three sides in a different order . )
This is another beat : One - and - Two - and - Three - and - Four .
The bold part follows the pattern ↑ ↓ ↑ ↓
part follows the pattern ↑ ↓ ↑ ↓
The italic part consists entirely of clockwise turns of the top face .
First , two short moves followed by one double move .
( Down Down Down , Back Double ) , ( Up Up Down , Back Double ) , Side Double .
The next step
Would you like to really understand how this works , and not simply memorise magic sequences ?
Then try my Advanced Rubik 's Cube Solution .
More information about this approach :
The general layer - by - layer approach described above is credited to mathematician David Singmaster and was first published in his 1980 book " Notes on Rubik 's Magic Cube " .
A number of variations on this approach have appeared around the Internet ( such as Jasmine Lee 's Beginner Solution to the Rubik 's Cube ) with the main differences being the order of the steps to solve the last layer and the particular sequences used to solve each step .
In the variation described above , the steps and sequences have been chosen in a way that reduces the amount of memorisation that the solver needs to undertake , hopefully reducing the learning time .
The council proposal ' seeks to define and support the display of public art '
People living in Bristol may be asked to vote on whether graffiti should be left on buildings or removed , in an attempt to promote street artists .
Under the plan , the city council will ask the public to decide whether murals are art or graffiti tags .
As part of a street art policy , council contractors will not take action if people vote to keep wall paintings .
The proposal will be debated at a meeting of Bristol City Council on 15 September .
' Positive contribution '
Although the council has pledged to remove offensive and unsightly graffiti , a street art policy will " seek to define and support the display of public art " .
The plan states that " where people tell us that murals or artworks make a positive contribution to the local environment and where the property owner has raised no objection " the council will not remove the graffiti .
Councillor Gary Hopkins said : " We have said informally that if it is street art that people like we will keep it , but we want to formalise it now into a policy .
" People want us to keep up the war against the taggers so we have had to work out a way to differentiate between the taggers and the artists .
" Tagging is still removed , but if it is art that people say they want to see they can take a photo and upload it on to our consultation website and we will ask people they think . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Too many people , overwhelmingly on the bottom / submissive side of the kink equation , have a tendency to have a “ let it slide ” attitude .
You know .
You meet someone , they are very aggressive on the first date , move too fast , but because you emerge unscathed , you “ let it slide . ”
Someone pushes a limit , but maybe you did n’t make it clear … maybe it is your fault … so you “ let it slide . ”
Someone talks about you to another person in a manner that is derogatory or too personal or just makes you uncomfortable and rather than addressing them directly about your feelings you “ let it slide . ”
Well , fucking stop that shit .
People in the BDSM community are not always awesome thoughtful , kick - ass people .
Microcosm , not utopia , people .
And Epic Feats of Douchebaggery are committed my LOTS of …well … douchebags .
Sometimes it is simply ignorance .
But often , they have been trained to think this fucktarded behaviour is , like Jesus , just allright .
When you “ let it slide ” you fuck shit up in several ways .
You set yourself up for second - guessing your instinct .
You leave the offender with the idea that their behaviours were OK with you .
You teach them that their behaviour is fine .
You ding your self - esteem because you failed to adequately maintain your boundaries .
You leave the people downstream of you ripe to hear “ Well , [ REDACTED ] never said that was a problem … it must be you . ”
I know we do not have responsibility to protect every other person around us .
But if we were just a little more attentive and thoughtful as to how our behaviour may impact other people , the Leather Community as a whole may well benefit .
I recently heard tell of a few situations that left me very cold .
Allow me to outline 2 of them here .
One was a casual date between 2 kink people .
At the end of the date ( mind you NO NEGOTIATIONS HAD TAKEN PLACE ) the top went in for the goodnight kiss and then slapped the bottom ’s face .
That would be hot and sexy IF THE BOTTOM HAD CONSENTED .
But they had NOT .
The bottom apparently did not immediately inform the top that this was unacceptable behaviour .
The problem I see it this : it might be fine for that particular bottom to address this situation in this non-confrontational manner .
But what about the next person that dominant slaps ?
What if they suffer from TMJ ?
Fibromyalgia ?
A hard psychological limit about face - slapping due to PTSD ?
A second situation was one in which a bottom straight - up lied to get out of a shitty playdate .
The top had said they were capable and experienced … and that was a bald - faced lie .
Rather than stating that , the bottom had a friend call and faked an emergency .
Rather than saying “ You are not at all who you said you were in terms of experience .
I ’m leaving . ”
The bottom put themselves into a position to use deceit to get out of a situation that , as it was described , seems pretty tame .
Lame and uncomfortable , but tame .
We teach one another how to behave .
How does your failure to stand up for yourself instruct the person who pushes , dismisses or abuse you ?
I am not “ blaming the victims ” nor am I implying that I know everything about the psyche of the people involved in these scenarios .
I AM saying that being honest and straightforward can shift a flawed interaction into a place of growth and learning .
Empower yourself .
Never give up your power non-consensually .
Take care of yourself AND your fellow kinksters by fostering honest interactions .
Value your safety and sanity enough to make it ABSOLUTELY CLEAR when your limits and boundaries are overstepped .
You ’ll find yourself in a much brighter place in the aftermath of a difficult situation if you maintain your integrity .
REGARDLESS .
Honestly .
The Apple TV is a strange beast .
Steve Jobs famously referred to his company 's media - playback box as “ a hobby . ”
In early 2008 Apple released a major software update , Apple TV 2.0 , that revamped its interface and added movie rentals to the mix .
Yet in a world increasingly full of Internet - connected TV boxes , Apple ’s “ hobby ” has remained strangely static .
Thursday ’s release of Apple TV 3.0 software does n’t do a lot to change that , but for the unknown number of people who have bought an Apple TV box over the past two and a half years , it seems to be a pleasant improvement that addresses some lingering interface issues while adding whole new levels of mystery about exactly what ( if anything )
Apple is going to do with the product .
Revamped main menu
The highlight of the Apple TV 3.0 software update is its revamped main menu .
Gone is the two - column grid introduced as a part of Apple TV “ take two . ”
Instead , there ’s a new interface that takes full advantage of widescreen TVs .
Spread out across the screen is a row with seven columns which forms the backbone of the new menu system : Movies , TV Shows , Music , Podcasts , Photos , Internet , and Settings .
Clicking right or left determines which one of the columns is highlighted .
When an item in that row is selected , the Apple TV displays a column of menu items beneath it .
Spatially , this layout seems to makes a lot more sense than the old Apple TV menu .
Within the individual stacks of menu options , Apple has addressed the interface feature of Apple TV 2.0 that I disliked the most : the placement of all iTunes Store - related items at the top , with the menu item containing your own media placed all the way at the bottom .
Now your media — movies , TV shows , music , and more — can always be found behind the top item of each column .
It makes the whole experience feel a bit friendlier and a bit less like the entire device was created as a vehicle for Apple to sell you more stuff .
Above the menu items , in the top third of the screen , is a strip of tiles similar to the ones used in Apple TV 2.0 ’s iTunes Store interface .
But even here , Apple ’s has showed restraint when it comes to commerce .
The first few items of the strip all feature your content — unwatched movies or TV shows , Genius mixes and recently - added albums ( as well as the currently playing track , if there is one ) , unplayed podcasts , photos , and the like .
For some media types , such as movies and TV shows , there ’s also integration with the iTunes store : keep moving to the right , past your recently unwatched movies , and you ’ll find top movies on iTunes .
But it ’s handled with the right emphasis .
More than that , the appearance of the media tiles atop the menu items makes the entire main menu seem more vibrant and interesting .
( Font fans will be happy to know that the Apple TV interface is now drawn with famous , comforting , star - of - a- major - motion - picture Helvetica .
It looks nice .
Even non -font geeks may notice , though they wo n’t be able to put their finger on just what ’s different .
However , one of our editors reported that the lighter - weight font causes flickering on his older HDTV set . )
Apple ’s new packages
Main menu aside , the major new feature addition in Apple TV 3.0 is support for the new expanded - feature formats Apple introduced to the iTunes store back in September , iTunes LP and iTunes Extras .
Since these formats bring a DVD - menu - style interface to music collections and movies , respectively , it was a natural that they ’d end up on the Apple TV .
And now they have .
I think iTunes Extras is a fantastic idea .
It allows Apple to bundle together the bonus content previously seen only on DVDs , and make it available as a part of an iTunes download .
It closes the gap between iTunes downloads and DVDs in a compelling way , and I expect that it will be come the new standard for how movies are sold on iTunes .
On the Apple TV , iTunes Extras work pretty much as you expect .
I navigated to My Movies and chose Iron Man , which has a small icon of a stack of items off to its right to indicate that it ’s a film containing iTunes Extras .
When I click , Apple TV brings me to the Iron Man main menu , rather than just playing the movie .
At that point , it ’s essentially a DVD experience — I can play the movie , navigate through a list of chapters , see special features , and even see a page of ads for other stuff the movie studio wants to promote .
( Let ’s hope the format does n’t allow for mandatory trailers and an FBI warning every time you want to play an iTunes Extras file ! )
I was excited about iTunes LP , too , but after having used it on the Apple TV I 'm less convinced it 's a good idea .
Unlike iTunes Extras , iTunes LP files just show up within an album ’s track listings — you have to select the iTunes LP file and click on it to launch the menu - driven interface .
That ’s probably a fine interface choice , since it ’s more likely that you ’d just want to pick a track than thumb through a set of virtual liner notes .
But I was still disappointed once I entered the iTunes LP interface .
When you choose Play Album , the interface drops away and you ’re left with the standard Apple TV Now Playing screen .
The same thing happens if you pick a track from an iTunes LP ’s Song List menu , go to the page that features song lyrics and artwork , and click Play Song .
I own a handful of DVD Audio discs , and one of the fun things those discs tend to do is display the lyrics pages for the songs as they play , along with playback controls .
But iTunes LP does n’t work like that .
Yes , if you want to read lyrics while a song is playing , you can click the menu button to re-enter the iTunes LP interface .
But there ’s no way to simply start playing an album and then sit back and watch as the album art advances as each track plays .
i Tunes LP pages can also be quite long , scrolling things — at least that was the case with the iTunes LP I tried , Paramore ’s “ Brand New Eyes . ”
( Peppy punk - pop .
I like it . )
The scrolling interface on the Apple TV is smooth , but I completely missed the faint scroll bar in the corner that indicates that I could press the down button on my remote to scroll down and see more of the lyrics pages .
Then there ’s the matter of Apple ’s boner when it came to both these formats , which the company only released last month .
People who have bought iTunes LPs and iTunes Extras in the past 50 days will discover that their files are n’t yet compatible with the Apple TV .
Apple will have to push out an update via iTunes to the libraries of every single person who has purchased this content .
Sure , in a couple of weeks this will be nothing more than a hazy memory , but it shows a remarkable lack of planning on Apple ’s part .
Other new stuff
Great news , everyone : Apple has finally added streaming Internet content sources to the Apple TV !
Hooray !
Dance the happy dance !
No , wait a second .
You ’re dancing because you think Apple added support for Netflix or Hulu or Vimeo or MLB.tv or something , right ?
Well , stop dancing .
Because Apple ’s addition to Apple TV is a whole lot more modest than that : Internet Radio .
Yes , it ’s hard to believe that the Apple TV has n’t officially supported Internet Radio before now , but it has n’t .
( You could work around this issue by adding a radio - station stream to a playlist . )
Now , at last , you can choose from a large directory of sources and add favorite stations .
It ’s great to see this feature , but honestly , it ’s embarrassing that it ’s taken this long .
The other major audio addition in Apple TV 3.0 is support for the Genius Mix feature that was rolled out with iTunes 9 back in September .
This is the feature that looks at your music library and creates endless playlists of related songs and artists in various categories .
Looking at my library , I ended up with a pop mix , an indie pop mix , the Coldplay / Radiohead / Oasis mix , an embarrassing pop mix , a punk / grunge mix , a power pop mix , a ’ 70s rock list , an ’80s rock list , and a collection of children ’s music .
Okay .
The Photos section of Apple TV has been upgraded as well .
If you sync your photos to the Apple TV , you ’ll find support for iPhoto events and the ability to browse photos by face , courtesy of iPhoto ’s Faces feature .
On the iTunes side , Apple TV syncing has been greatly improved .
You can now select individual shows and individual episodes to sync , echoing the iPhone - and iPod- syncing improvements introduced with iTunes 9 .
So , now what ?
As far as I can tell , the Apple TV 3.0 software update improves the Apple TV I bought in 2007 , and I ’m grateful for that .
The new features are welcome , and I think that iTunes Extras has the potential to drain all remaining enthusiasm Apple TV owners might have had for buying DVDs .
And yet …
It ’s impossible to talk about the Apple TV without asking the big question :
Where is this relationship going ?
With the exception of price cuts and storage improvements , the base Apple TV hardware has n’t been improved since it was released .
It ’s running a 1GHz Pentium M processor and has a measly 256MB of RAM .
It ca n’t play video of any resolution higher than 720 p at 24 frames per second , and I ’ve actually seen it struggle and drop frames consistently even on those “ supported ” HD video files .
The $ 229 Apple TV is increasingly surrounded by competitors , from Roku ’s $ 100 Player that streams Netflix and Amazon Video on Demand to media extenders for the Playstation 3 and XBox 360 .
Right now the biggest advantage of Apple ’s box is simply that it ’s the only one that can play videos purchased from iTunes .
But it remains woefully ignorant of the rest of the Internet — the addition of Internet Radio at this late date proving the point .
Then there 's the Mac Mini , which has turned into a powerful , competent device that works well as a home - media server .
But the Mac Mini does n't have the plug - it - and - forget - it ease of use of the Apple TV , and Front Row lacks some of the best features of Apple TV ( namely its ability to seamlessly meld the contents of a remote iTunes computer and its own iTunes library ) .
Front Row replacements such as Boxee and Plex are promising , but not exactly friendly to less geeky users .
Not yet , at least .
Perhaps Apple is content with Apple TV never being anything more than a front - end for the iTunes store .
Or perhaps Apple is well aware of its device ’s limitations and is hard at work on a new version with upgraded hardware and improved support for the rest of the stuff that ’s out there on the Net .
Steve Jobs said , “ The reason I call [ Apple TV ] a hobby is , a lot of people have tried and failed to make it a business .
And it ’s a hard problem .
So we ’re trying .
I think if we work on it and improve things over the next year , 18 months , we can crack that . ”
That was 29 months ago .
Apple still has n’t cracked it .
Apple TV 3.0 is a nice , mild update to an outdated piece of hardware that ’s still not nearly as capable as it should be .
The real question is , what ’s next for Apple ’s hobby ?
If Steve Jobs knows the answer , he ’s not talking .
Thank you for that , as well as your entire staff .
Remarkable .
I know you are working diligently for me and my family .
It means EVERYTHING to us , and you have been so gracious in your efforts .
Chapter 13 and Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
For more than three decades , the bankruptcy attorneys at Rothschild & Ausbrooks , PLLC , in Nashville , Tennessee , have been devoted to helping individuals find relief from overwhelming debt .
Does the threat of foreclosure , repossession , wage garnishment and the other challenges that come with overwhelming debt have you stuck between a rock and a hard place ?
Contact our board - certified bankruptcy lawyers for a free consultation to discuss your debts , your goals and next steps : Call 615-866-2265 or toll free 866-656-8909 .
You can also send us an email .
You Are Not Alone .
We Can Help .
If you are facing significant financial challenges , you are not alone .
Many people face debt due to job loss , medical bills , divorce and other unfortunate events .
Sometimes , overspending can play a role , resulting in unpaid credit card bills and overextended mortgages .
Whatever your reason for considering bankruptcy , Rothschild & Ausbrooks , PLLC , can help .
We will provide the experienced guidance on bankruptcy and debt relief that you need to regain control of your financial situation .
We understand that you are worried about the future and are probably skeptical about how bankruptcy can help you find a stronger financial footing .
We will take the time to explore all of your options with you and explain all of the potential effects of bankruptcy so that you can be confident in whatever decision you make .
WASHINGTON  President Obama scrapped his predecessor ’s proposed antiballistic missile shield in Eastern Europe on Thursday and ordered instead the development of a reconfigured system designed to shoot down short - and medium - range Iranian missiles .
In one of the biggest national security reversals of his young presidency , Mr. Obama canceled former President George W. Bush ’s plans to station a radar facility in the Czech Republic and 10 ground - based interceptors in Poland .
Instead , he plans to deploy smaller SM - 3 interceptors by 2011 , first aboard ships and later in Europe , possibly even in Poland or the Czech Republic .
Mr. Obama said that the new system “ will provide stronger , smarter and swifter defenses of American forces and America ’s allies ” to meet a changing threat from Iran .
Administration officials cited what they called accumulating evidence that Iran had made more progress than anticipated in building short - and medium - range missiles that could threaten Israel and Europe than it had in developing the intercontinental missiles that the Bush system was more suited to counter .
But the decision churned domestic and international politics as Republican critics at home accused Mr. Obama of betraying allies and caving in to Russian pressure , while officials in Eastern Europe expressed discomfort and confusion at the dramatic shift .
President Dmitri A. Medvedev of Russia , who is to meet with Mr. Obama in New York next week , reacted cautiously as Moscow tried to determine whether the new system was less threatening to its own security .
include ( 'boxad.php ' ) ; ?>
No one wants to spend their summer indoors , but no one wants to become a meal for mosquitoes either .
If you plan to spend time outdoors , there are a number of different mosquito repellents to choose from , including some natural versions you can make yourself .
First , do yourself a favor and do all you can to eliminate mosquito breeding grounds from your area , and avoid going outside in the early dawn and dusk hours when mosquitoes are most plentiful .
Second , if you do choose a commercial mosquito repellent , be sure to follow instructions carefully when it comes to application and removal .
Be especially careful when using products on children or on people with sensitive skin .
Also , avoid sweet or flowery scents in your shampoo , laundry detergent , fabric conditioner , and other personal products – these scents are attractive to insects .
Consider this simple recipe for a homemade natural mosquito repellent :
In a spray bottle , combine 1/3 of a cup of organic apple cider vinegar , 1/ 3 of a cup of witch hazel , and 5 drops of essential oil of citronella .
You can substitute vodka for the witch hazel and eucalyptus oil for the citronella oil , depending on what you have access to .
If you have trouble finding citronella oil , you can also try oil of lemon balm .
Mix the ingredients thoroughly and you ’re ready to use it .
For a larger batch , use ½ cup of organic apple cider vinegar , ½ cup of vodka or witch hazel and 2 tablespoons of essential oil of citronella .
No natural repellents have the staying power of commercial preparations , so you ’ll need to reapply your homemade repellent frequently , especially if you get sweaty or wet .
And , unlike commercial repellents , this recipe works well for mosquitoes but not for ticks , so be sure to take extra precautions if necessary .
Another easy to make natural mosquito repellent is made from one tablespoon of aloe vera gel , 2 tablespoons of sweet almond oil and 25 drops of essential oil of citronella .
Combine these ingredients and mix well .
You can put this mixture into a misting bottle or just apply it directly to your skin .
There are also a number of essential oils that are said to repel mosquitoes .
These include oils of lemon , cinnamon , lemon eucalyptus , geranium , fennel , thyme , clove , rosemary , cedar and peppermint .
However , any essential oil can cause irritation when applied to the skin , especially clove oil .
When using any essential oil , dilute it in a neutral carrier oil , such as sweet almond oil .
Neem oil is another great product that has many uses and may help repel mosquitoes .
Mix together one quarter of water with one teaspoon of neem oil and one tablespoon of dish soap .
This mixture can be sprayed on the skin , although because neem oil does n’t have a pleasant scent , you may prefer to spray it in the areas where you ’ll be outside .
Finally , many insects dislike the smell of orange oil and other citrus oils .
You can mix citrus zest with alcohol and let that steep to infuse the alcohol with oil .
Try adding some aloe vera gel to the mixture and use it as a repellent .
Experiment with different proportions until you find the homemade repellent that works for you .
include ( 'boxad.php ' ) ; ?>
The Canadian government formally apologised to Mr Arar in 2007
A New York court has ruled against allowing a Syrian - born Canadian to sue US authorities over his mistaken 2002 arrest for alleged terrorism links .
Maher Arar was held at New York 's John F Kennedy airport following erroneous advice from Canadian officials that he had links to Islamic militants .
Mr Arar was then flown to Syria where he claims he was tortured , something which Syrian authorities deny .
In a statement , Mr Arar described the US ruling as a loss to the rule of law .
After exonerating him in 2007 , Canadian authorities paid him 10.5 m Canadian dollars ( US $ 8.9 m ; £ 4.54 m ) in compensation .
Mr Arar is now seeking redress from the US , arguing that he was a victim of " extraordinary rendition " , a process in which terrorism suspects are transferred to foreign countries for harsh interrogation .
But the New York court ruled that it was not authorised to intervene in the case .
" If a civil remedy in damages is to be created for harms suffered in the context of extraordinary rendition , it must be created by Congress , " the court said in a written statement .
Mr Arar 's lawyers say they will now take the case to the US Supreme Court .
2009 Giro winner Denis Menchov points to map , far away from Washington DC ( Image credit : Bettini Photo )
The Giro d'Italia is considering starting its three - week race outside of Europe for the first time .
USA 's capital , Washington DC , would like to be a host city of the race in the coming years , according to La Gazzetta dello Sport .
" For some time we have had the idea of holding the Giro 's start in America .
But now there exists a concrete interest from the city of Washington , " said race director Angelo Zomegnan .
Washington DC's Mayor Adrian
Fenty will help the bid .
He is a fan of cycling and competes in triathlons to stay in shape .
If the race organised a start in Washington DC it could also hold an additional two to three stages along the east coast .
It could travel to Philadelphia , former home of the US national championships , or a stage to New York City .
None of the three Grand Tours ( Giro d'Italia , Tour de France and Vuelta a España ) has ever begun outside of Europe .
The major problems facing Giro organiser RCS Sport are the cost , travel time and jet lag to resume the race in Italy .
It takes eight hours to fly from New York City to Milan and there is a six - hour time difference between the two cities .
The Giro first started outside of Italy 44 years ago , from San Marino in 1965 .
Next year , it starts with three stages in The Netherlands , all based from Amsterdam .
Follow Cyclingnews on Twitter for the very latest coverage of events taking place in the cycling world - twitter.com/cyclingnewsfeed
Breaking news right now on Msnbc - Obama admin will order steep pay cuts on the top 7 bailed out firms .
Some of those firms are :
GM , Citi , Chrysler , AIG and Bank Of America .
He will make the annoucement next week .
I will add more as it comes .
Update # 1
From the New York Times
And at all of the companies , any executive seeking more than $ 25,000 in special perks — like country club memberships , private planes , limousines or company issued cars — will have to apply to the government for permission .
The administration will also warn A.I.G. that it must fulfill a commitment it made to significantly reduce the $ 198 million in bonuses promised to employees in the financial products division .
Ha ha they have to ask permission - ha ha
update # 2 ( thanks to jsfox ) from the New York Times
Under the plan , which will be announced in the next few days by the Treasury Department , the seven companies that received the most assistance will have to cut the cash payouts to their 25 best - paid executives by an average of about 90 percent from last year .
For many of the executives , the cash they would have received will be replaced by stock that they will be restricted from selling immediately .
And for all executives the total compensation , which includes bonuses , will drop , on average , by about 50 percent .
The companies are Citigroup , Bank of America , the American International Group , General Motors , Chrysler and the financing arms of the two automakers .
At the financial products division of A.I.G. , the locus of problems that plagued the large insurer and forced its rescue with more than $ 180 billion in taxpayer assistance , no top executive will receive more than $ 200,000 in total compensation , a stunning decline from previous years in which the unit produced many wealthy executives and traders .
Here is the link : http://www.nytimes.com/...
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Obama on Wednesday made a passionate call for Congress to fix the nation 's ailing health care system in the same spirit that created Social Security and Medicare in difficult times .
President Obama told a joint session of Congress that the " time for bickering " over health care is over .
In a joint speech to Congress heralded as vital to his push for a health care overhaul , Obama offered his most detailed outline for legislation while challenging Republican opponents to build on issues of agreement rather than play politics to exploit differences .
He called for serious proposals from Democrats and Republicans to address chronic health care problems and rising costs , but warned he would not " waste time with those who have made the calculation that it 's better politics to kill this plan than improve it . "
" I will not stand by while the special interests use the same old tactics to keep things exactly the way they are , " Obama said to growing applause from Democrats .
" If you misrepresent what 's in the plan , we will call you out .
And I will not accept the status quo as a solution .
Not this time .
Not now . "
In the Republican response , Rep. Charles Boustany of Louisiana , a surgeon , called for restarting the health care debate instead of proceeding with policies he claimed were opposed by the majority of the country .
" Most Americans wanted to hear the president tell Speaker [ Nancy ] Pelosi , Majority Leader [ Harry ] Reid and the rest of Congress that it 's time to start over on a common - sense , bipartisan plan focused on lowering the cost of health care while improving quality , " he said .
When Obama touched on the issue of health care coverage for illegal immigrants , the president 's speech was interrupted by Rep.
Joe Wilson , R - South Carolina , who shouted " you lie . "
Members of both parties condemned the heckling and , after the speech , Wilson issued a statement apologizing for his outburst .
Read about Wilson 's outburst
Obama , offering his first real blueprint for a bill , touched on issues that have dominated the health - care debate at town hall meetings across the country during the congressional recess in August .
CNN 's political analysts respond to Obama 's speech »
All Americans would be required by law to have health insurance under his proposal , Obama said .
He noted the requirement would be similar to mandatory auto insurance in most states and also would mandate businesses to either offer health care coverage to workers or contribute to covering their costs of obtaining coverage .
" There will be a hardship waiver for those individuals who still cannot afford coverage , and 95 percent of all small businesses , because of their size and narrow profit margin , would be exempt from these requirements , " Obama said .
" But we cannot have large businesses and individuals who can afford coverage game the system by avoiding responsibility to themselves or their employees .
Watch Obama talk about the time for change in health care »
" Improving our health care system only works if everybody does their part . "
Obama also defended his proposal for government - run public health insurance as an option for consumers , saying it would force private insurers to lower costs .
However , he called the provision one alternative for increasing competition for health insurance and signaled his openness to alternatives .
But he added , " I will not back down on the basic principle that if Americans can't find affordable coverage , we will provide you with a choice . "
" And I will make sure that no government bureaucrat or insurance company bureaucrat gets between you and the care that you need . "
Read Obama 's health care plan ( PDF )
Republicans are unanimous in opposing a public option , calling it an unfair competitor that would drive private insurers from the market and lead to a government takeover of health insurance .
Obama rejected that claim as a false allegation intended to scare people .
iReport.com : Did Obama 's speech hit the mark with you ?
" Let me be clear -- it would only be an option for those who do n't have insurance , " he said .
" No one would be forced to choose it , and it would not impact those of you who already have insurance .
In fact , based on Congressional Budget Office estimates , we believe that less than 5 percent of Americans would sign up . "
Obama called for a reasonable approach from both liberal Democrats who demand a public option and Republicans and some moderate Democrats who oppose the provision .
" To my progressive friends , I would remind you that for decades , the driving idea behind reform has been to end insurance company abuses and make coverage affordable for those without it , " he said .
" The public option is only a means to that end -- and we should remain open to other ideas that accomplish our ultimate goal .
" And to my Republican friends , I say that rather than making wild claims about a government takeover of health care , we should work together to address any legitimate concerns you may have . "
Watch Obama talk about health care failures »
Boustany , however , repeated the Republican opposition to a public option , saying : " The president had a chance tonight to take the government - run health care off the table .
Unfortunately he did n't do it . "
Obama also confronted another concern expressed by opponents of Democratic proposals , pledging that any health care bill approved by Congress wo n't increase the federal deficit .
He repeated past statements that savings in the existing health care system would cover most of the cost of an overhaul bill .
Watch more on the health care debate »
The president also sought to assure the elderly that cutting costs and finding savings in the Medicare program for senior citizens wo n't diminish the level of service currently provided .
In particular , he said " not a dollar of the Medicare trust fund " would pay for the bill .
However , Obama provided few details of how that would happen , saying the plan would eliminate " unwarranted subsidies in Medicare that go to insurance companies " and create an independent commission of doctors and medical experts to identify further waste .
" These steps will ensure that you -- America 's seniors -- get the benefits you 've been promised , " Obama said .
" They will ensure that Medicare is there for future generations . "
He urged the elderly to ignore what he called " scary stories about how your benefits will be cut -- especially since some of the same folks who are spreading these tall tales have fought against Medicare in the past . "
In a gesture intended to display his commitment to a bipartisan approach , Obama directed his administration to set up demonstration projects in several states to move toward medical malpractice reform -- an issue pushed by Republicans as way to bring down health care costs .
His mere mention of the topic prompted lengthy applause from the Republican side of the chamber .
" I do n't believe malpractice reform is a silver bullet , but I have talked to enough doctors to know that defensive medicine may be contributing to unnecessary costs , " Obama said .
He proposed demonstration projects -- considered by the Bush administration -- " on a range of ideas about how to put patient safety first and let doctors focus on practicing medicine . "
McCain , however , called Obama 's reference to medical malpractice reform insufficient .
" Frankly , some tests on medical malpractice reform does n't get it , " McCain told CNN after the speech .
" Hundreds of billions of dollars have been wasted in defensive medicine . "
In an emotional conclusion , Obama invoked the late Sen. Edward Kennedy -- a leading advocate of health care reform until his death last month -- by citing a letter in which the senator called providing health care to all Americans " above all a moral issue . "
Read what Sen .
Ted Kennedy wrote to Obama about health care in May
" ' At stake are not just the details of policy , but fundamental principles of social justice and the character of our country , ' " the president said , quoting the letter that Kennedy wrote in May and asked to be delivered after his death .
" I 've thought about that phrase quite a bit in recent days -- the character of our country , " Obama said to the hushed chamber .
" One of the unique and wonderful things about America has always been our self - reliance , our rugged individualism , our fierce defense of freedom and our healthy skepticism of government . "
Kennedy recognized , however , that with all of the drive of Americans to stand strong , there comes a time when government must step in to help , Obama said .
" When fortune turns against one of us , others are there to lend a helping hand , " the president said , citing " a belief that in this country , hard work and responsibility should be rewarded by some measure of security and fair play ; and an acknowledgment that sometimes government has to step in to help deliver on that promise . "
Initial public response among those who watched the speech was positive , according to a CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll .
Two out of three Americans who watched the speech said they favor Obama 's health care plans -- a 14 - point gain from before the speech -- while 29 percent oppose the president 's proposals , according to the pollsters .
However , the audience for the speech appeared to be more Democratic than the U.S. population as a whole , causing the poll organizers to warn the results may favor Obama simply because more Democrats than Republicans tuned in .
In addition , the pollsters noted , the results do n't reflect the the views of all Americans , only those who watched the speech .
CNN 's Ed Hornick , Ed Henry , Suzanne Malveaux and Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About Health Care Policy • Barack Obama • U.S. Congress
There 's a line for those who hate their job and odds are , you 're already straddling it , next to everyone within eyesight .
Work is the chip on all our shoulders and while there is n't anything we can do about it , shy of becoming a bum - we can control the situation and make it a lot more manageable .
Here 's how .
Hate your job ?
Guess what – you ’re not special .
The wild popularity of Fight Club , Office Space , The Office , Clerks and other movies about hating your job serve as hard evidence that the “ disgruntled working man ” is not exactly a niche demographic .
But when Peter Gibbons complains about TPS reports , it ’s funny .
When you drone on about your crap-ass job , it ’s obnoxious .
We know already : your boss sucks , your salary sucks , your co-workers suck , your commute sucks , your benefits suck , heck , with so much suck in the room it ’s starting to feel a little bit like you suck .
Loathing your job , it seems , is par for the course .
But does it have to be ?
If it feels like you have a potential “ case of the Mondays , ” and are having trouble stomaching the ol’ rat race , you should consider some lessons from some actual rats .
Check this out .
Some disturbingly sadistic scientists took three rats and put them each in a little box - like container .
You could almost call it a cube , or maybe even a cubicle .
These three rats were walled off in their little cubes with nothing but their tails sticking out .
For 21 hours , the scientists administered shocks to the rats at random intervals .
All the rats received the same amount of shocks – however , one of the rats had the ability to deactivate the shocks by pressing a button .
He quickly figures this out and whenever the shocks come , he starts pounding away at that little button .
The other rat , meanwhile , is getting shocked off and on and has no clue what ’s going on .
At the end of the study , the scientists compared the amount of “ stomach lesions ” ( i.e. ulcers ) each rat developed due to the shocks .
As it turns out , although both Rat A and Rat B received the same amount of shocks , Rat B had twice as many ulcers as Rat A . ( Rat C , by the way , was a control rat .
He ’s just chillin’ and has no ulcers . )
So , what ’s the X factor ?
Control .
Look – everyone has to work to make a living ( except , of course , the trust fund babies who live off of mommy and daddy for their entire lives – but I know none of those types read Primer ) .
We all put in our 40 + hours a week , we all get shafted by middle management , we all get our thunder stolen from co-workers .
In short , we all get the same level of shocks in our little cubicle .
But the key to escaping the pain and suffering of a workaday existence is n’t crying to your LiveJournal about being passed up for a promotion or boring your date with epic complaints about the smarmy IT guy who keeps deleting your iTunes .
The only way out is to gain control over the stressors in your career .
For the rat , control was given to him by his quasi - benevolent overlords .
But you ’re a man , not a mouse .
And it ’s your job to seize control .
Here ’s how to do it :
Change Your Outlook
Stress is a mental thing .
As we learned from the rats , it ’s not about how many shocks you receive , it ’s how you respond to the shocks .
Poor Rat B rightfully considered himself a victim , subjected to a cruel , unusual and inexplicable regimen of torture .
And this is how many disgruntled workers view their situation .
This may or may not be true .
If it is , you should go ahead and skip down to the last section .
But chances are , it ’s not .
We largely focus on the frustrations surrounding our jobs and often ignore the value of our toil .
Instead of loathing your cubicle as a prison , you really should be rejoicing for the freedom it grants you .
The freedom to pay the rent , stay out of debt , pay off student loans , go out drinking with friends , buy an X - Box , rent movies , go on dates .
All of that takes money and that ’s what your job gives you .
In this economy especially , you should be thankful for being privileged with a job to complain about .
In spite of how you may feel , your job is not slavery .
You are , in essence , selling your time .
And depending on your line of work , you are leasing your mind and body as well .
This is all part of the arrangement .
This is what you signed up for .
From 9 to 5 , you are n’t you .
You are your occupation – you ’re a customer service rep , a programmer , a janitor or whatever it is that you agreed to be in exchange for cash .
It does n’t matter where your loyalties lie or what your ideals are or how bored you are , because for those 8 hours a day , you are a mercenary .
It ’s unpleasant to think of it this way , but it may help you from feeling victimized .
With that being said , make clear divisions between work and personal life .
Do n’t bring your frustrations home with you .
Do n’t log into Outlook from your apartment .
Dedicate yourself fully to your job when your there and dedicate yourself fully to your personal life when you ’re not .
Because if you let them invade your private space , then you are basically giving them more of your time and energy than you bargained for .
Think of it this way : when you ’re punched in , you ’re playing a role .
Alexandra Levitt mentions something like this in her book , They Do n’t Teach Corporate in College .
She calls it a “ corporate persona . ”
This is the professional version of yourself that only cares about doing your job and serving the company .
At the end of the day , go ahead and feel free to take the mask off .
Change Your Expectations
What have you learned after five grueling years at the same job ?
Are the same things ticking you off ?
Are the same people grinding your gears ?
If so , then there ’s something you need to understand : you ca n’t change people .
BusinessWeek writer Peter Bregman wrote an article on how to keep annoying coworkers from stressing you out .
He writes :
Here 's my advice : do n't go to a hardware store and get upset when they wo n't sell you milk . [… ]
Because the world is more global and organizations are more diverse , the likelihood we will interact with people very different from us is increasing exponentially .
And people who are different from us do things we do n't expect or want them to do .
Sometimes they do n't look at us when we speak to them .
Sometimes they talk back .
Sometimes they do n't talk at all .
They defy our expectations , and we feel frustrated . [… ]
So instead of getting frustrated with other people , learn their rules of engagement .
If you pretend each person is from a foreign country you do n't fully understand , you 'll be more open to accepting him or her .
Think of every interaction as an experiment that explains a little bit more about the individual you 're dealing with .
Then , when someone defies your expectations , do n't get mad .
Just change your expectations to more accurately align with reality .
Once you understand your colleagues ' operating instructions , you might decide to approach them differently .
Use different words .
Be more or less aggressive .
Expecting the world to play by your rules and always engage you according to your preferences is borderline insanity .
You ca n’t change how people treat you , but you can change how you treat them .
Some may view this as letting people walk all over you , but if done with class and tact , it wo n’t be .
More importantly , it ’s taking action into your own hands in a non-confrontational way .
It ’s pushing that button to lessen the shock .
Step Up
There ’s another way of thinking about your job that can ease the pain .
Consider it a stepping stone .
Our culture does n’t reward those who do n’t pay their dues and nobody starts out in the corner office .
If you ’re stuck in the mail room , then it ’s probably due to one of the following reasons :
You are new around here
Like I said , nobody walks out of college and into a cushy executive position .
You may know that you have what it takes to take on a bigger role and go on to greater things , but before you ascend , you ’ve got to prove it to the powers that be .
Consider your stint as a gofer or a junior minion as your opportunity to show your stuff .
If this job is child 's play to you , prove it by outperforming .
You do n’t deserve a promotion
Similar to the above point , if you find yourself languishing in the dregs of your company ’s corporate structure for several years , the problem might be you .
Being stuck in a rut is somewhat of a self - fulfilling prophecy : you resent the job you hate so you begin slacking .
You do just enough to squeak by and spend the rest of the time gazing out the window , fantasizing about whatever it is you ’d rather be doing .
But do n’t fall into this trap .
If you have seniority in your department , use your expertise and experience to get noticed , not to subsidize your laziness .
There are n’t any opportunities
Dead end jobs exist .
If your company is n’t growing or if the man ( or woman ) that has your job has no intention of retiring within the next century , then you truly are stuck .
If that ’s the case , then you need to make a lateral exit .
And to do so , you ’re going to need some good references and contacts .
Keep your head up while you ’re on the clock , but start investigating other avenues for your career .
Use your years of experience at your current job in order to leverage a similar position elsewhere .
That way , your joyless toil wo n’t have been totally in vain .
Diversify
Decades ago , it was completely normal to work for the same company from graduation to retirement .
But with layoffs around every turn in the market and the promotions pool dwindling , being a company man for life simply is n’t a viable model anymore .
The dangers of having just one occupation is n’t only that you only have a single stream of income .
When you only wear one hat , you only have one way of feeling productive , one industry circle to build contacts in , one trade to gain experience in , one way to make your mark on the world .
Because of this , when things start getting disappointing at work , it can feel like everything is falling apart .
So , what if you had some more irons in the fire ?
The prospect of your job going away or your boss giving you hell get exponentially less daunting when you have something to fall back on .
You need to have a multi- faceted life – especially if you ’re unhappy with your career .
Instead of trudging into the office , struggling to make it through the day and then coming home and flopping on the couch , start working on a side project .
Wake up an hour early each day and work on a blog .
Get serious about your hobbies .
Read , for God ’s sake , read about subjects that interest you and read books instead of just magazines and blogs .
Keep fresh on that foreign language you enjoyed learning in college .
Do something that challenges you and stimulates you , even if you only have a little bit of time to work on it each week .
At the very least , it will give you a greater sense of identity and purpose beyond being a worker bee .
At the very best , it will eventually become your dream job .
Quit
If all else fails , do what I did : quit .
Take a look at some of the warning signs for an abusive relationship and ask yourself if this sounds like your relationship with your employer :
Is jealous or possessive
Controls you by being overly bossy or demanding
Isolates you by demanding you cut off social contacts and friendships ( overtime , anyone ? )
Loses temper quickly
Blames for emotional states
Blames you when they mistreat you
Has a history of bad relationships ( high turnover ? )
Also ask yourself if :
You ’re family or friends have recommended you end the relationship
You worry about how they will react to things you say or do
You have difficulty ending the relationship , even though you know deep inside that it 's the right thing to do .
Granted , these warning signs are meant to be applied to person - to - person relationships , but the signs are the same for a job that simply does n’t suit you .
If the things you hate about your job outweigh the redeeming aspects , then there ’s no reason for you to stick around .
But as always , you gotta keep your cool .
( This was easier for me , since my workplace was n’t exactly an abusive relationship . )
Do n’t burn bridges and do n’t do anything that will sabotage your chances of getting another job .
Because the point of quitting your job is to find a better one .
Just like your plans for stepping up , start planning your escape quietly on your own time and when the time is right , exit stage left .
It likely wo n’t be easy , but it will help to have a light at the end of the tunnel .
What it all boils down to is this : there are healthy ways to deal with job dissatisfaction and there are less productive ( and frankly annoying ) ways to do so .
You can be like Rat A and take control of your situation , or you can be like Rat B and be a victim .
After all , stress , boredom and frustration are all things that come from within you .
And it ’s a heck of a lot easier to change yourself than it is to change the world .
Society runs on crappy jobs and the man who can take that job and do something positive with it will rise above .
late 14 c. , " young of the coney , " from Walloon robète or a similar French dialect word , diminutive of Flemish or Middle Dutch robbe " rabbit , " of unknown origin .
" A Germanic noun with a French suffix " [ Liberman ] .
The adult was a coney ( q.v. ) until 18 c .
Zoologically speaking , there are no native rabbits in the United States ; they are all hares .
But the early colonists , for some unknown reason , dropped the word hare out of their vocabulary , and it is rarely heard in American speech to this day .
When it appears it is almost always applied to the so - called Belgian hare , which , curiously enough , is not a hare at all , but a true rabbit .
[ Mencken , " The American Language " ]
Rabbit punch " chop on the back of the neck " so called from resemblance to a gamekeeper 's method of dispatching an injured rabbit .
Pulling rabbits from a hat as a conjurer 's trick recorded by 1843 .
Rabbit 's foot " good luck charm " first attested 1879 , in U.S. Southern black culture .
Earlier references are to its use as a tool to apply cosmetic powders .
[ N ] ear one of them was the dressing - room of the principal danseuse of the establishment , who was at the time of the rising of the curtain consulting a mirror in regard to the effect produced by the application of a rouge - laden rabbit 's foot to her cheeks , and whose toilet we must remark , passim , was not entirely completed .
[ New York Musical Review and Gazette , Nov. 29 , 1856 ]
Rabbit ears " dipole television antenna " is from 1950 .
Grose 's 1785 " Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue " has " RABBIT CATCHER .
A midwife . "
The team hopes to make nuclear batteries much smaller still Researchers have demonstrated a penny - sized " nuclear battery " that produces energy from the decay of radioisotopes .
As radioactive substances decay , they release charged particles that when properly harvested can create an electrical current .
Nuclear batteries have been in use for military and aerospace applications , but are typically far larger .
The University of Missouri team says that the batteries hold a million times as much charge as standard batteries .
They have developed it in an attempt to scale down power sources for the tiny devices that fall under the category of micro- and nano - electromechanical systems ( Mems and Nems ) .
The means to power such devices has been a subject of study as vigorous as the development of the devices themselves .
Liquid solution Nuclear batteries are an attractive proposition for many applications because the isotopes that power them can provide a useful amount of current for phenomenally long times - up to hundreds of years or more .
As a result , they have seen use in spacecraft that are fired far off into the cosmos .
But for applications here on Earth , their size has limited their use .
The Missouri team , led by Jae Wan Kwon , employed a liquid semiconductor to capture and utilise the decay particles .
Most nuclear batteries use a solid semiconductor to harvest the particles , but the particles ' extremely high energies means that the semiconductors suffer damage over time .
This means that to build a battery that can last as long as the isotope inside , they must be built larger .
The team 's solution incorporates a liquid semiconductor , in which the particles can pass without causing damage .
They are now working to further miniaturise the batteries .
And although the whole idea hinges on the use of radioactive materials , the devices are safe under normal operating conditions .
" People hear the word ' nuclear ' and think of something very dangerous , " Dr Jae said .
" However , nuclear power sources have already been safely powering a variety of devices , such as pacemakers , space satellites and underwater systems . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Infowars
October 13 , 2009
In just 8 days , ‘ Fall of the Republic ’ will reveal once and for all the nationwide heist and economic takeover that has been maneuvered through the Bailout and action taken by the private Federal Reserve .
Experts including William K. Black , Max Keiser , Dr. Webster Tarpley , George Humphrey , Gerald Celente and more join Alex Jones in the most detailed analysis ever of the fall of the Dollar , the push for a new global currency through the G20 and the international bankers who have worked tirelessly to bring the United States to its knees .
Get it on DVD October 21st or join PRISONPLANET.TV and download this film and many more in super high quality in all the most popular formats .
View the other Trailers in HQ or Subscribe Now for just pennies a day .
Coming to DVD on October 21st 2009 – Alex ’s Most Powerful Film To Date !
Pre-order Yours Today !
Ships October 21st !
http://infowars-shop.stores.yahoo.net…
Fall Of The Republic documents how an offshore corporate cartel is bankrupting the US economy by design .
Leaders are now declaring that world government has arrived and that the dollar will be replaced by a new global currency .
President Obama has brazenly violated Article 1 Section 9 of the US Constitution by seating himself at the head of United Nations ’ Security Council , thus becoming the first US president to chair the world body .
A scientific dictatorship is in its final stages of completion , and laws protecting basic human rights are being abolished worldwide ; an iron curtain of high - tech tyranny is now descending over the planet .
A worldwide regime controlled by an unelected corporate elite is implementing a planetary carbon tax system that will dominate all human activity and establish a system of neo -feudal slavery .
The image makers have carefully packaged Obama as the world ’s savior ; he is the Trojan Horse manufactured to pacify the people just long enough for the globalists to complete their master plan .
This film reveals the architecture of the New World Order and what the power elite have in store for humanity .
More importantly it communicates how We The People can retake control of our government , turn the criminal tide and bring the tyrants to justice .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Empathy is a term that connotes the touchy - feely notion of getting in touch with someone elses feelings or perspective .
Thats what psychotherapists and social workers do .
It obviously has no place in the hard - knocks world of foreign affairs and national security .
Or does it ?
In world history , the best generals are experts in empathy .
They know that to get the advantage , you have to put yourself in your adversarys shoes , look at things from that perceived perspective , and try to predict what he or she would do under specific circumstances .
So why does the United States have trouble exhibiting empathy ?
It s probably because the United States has been the globes most powerful nation since 1945 and is the most dominant military power in world history , both absolutely and relative to its contemporaries .
In other words , empires dont need empathy .
Empathy is for sissies or , at least , lesser nations .
In reality , a lack of empathy toward potential adversaries is as dangerous for a superpower as it is for any other country .
The United States found that out during Vietnam , but hasnt seemed to retain the lesson very well .
The North Vietnamese and Viet Cong were outnumbered 5 to 1 by the Americans alone ( excluding the South Vietnamese ) , but they fought tenaciously because they were fighting to reunite their divided nation .
They regarded the U.S. as reneging on an implicit pledge to have elections in a reunited Vietnam , which the communist Ho Chi Minh would have won .
U.S. president Lyndon B. Johnson had the vague idea that communist dominos had to be stopped , feared he would get involved in an unwinnable quagmire , but nonetheless prosecuted the war anyway to avoid being accused by the Republican right - wing of losing Vietnam ,  as Harry Truman was accused of losing China . 
But LBJ only escalated the war after his Great Society domestic agenda had passed .
( Any parallels to Barack Obamas current situation in Afghanistan are purely coincidental . )
LBJ has been criticized for not letting the U.S. military win the war in other words , putting too many restrictions on its operations .
Yet LBJs micromanagement of the military made more sense when his real goals are unearthed .
He did not believe the war was winnable ; he merely wanted to put military pressure on the North Vietnamese to get a negotiated settlement , and he wanted to avoid provoking a military intervention by China , as occurred in the Korean conflict .
Where LBJ made his mistake was in a lack of empathy for North Vietnamese persistence in throwing off foreign invaders and reunifying their country .
They negotiated , but not seriously , and merely waited until U.S. popular opinion tired of the war .
( Any similarity to the doggedness of the Taliban resistance in Afghanistan and their willingness to wait out the already tenuous U.S. resolve is merely happenstance . )
The U.S. also has lacked empathy with Iran .
Iran is a theocratic , authoritarian country ( but not entirely , as weve seen recently ) .
Its president does make unnerving statements denying the Holocaust , but he doesnt really have much of a say in national security issues .
But even autocratic countries have legitimate security concerns .
Iran lives in a rough neighborhood of hostile nations the Sunni Arab states and Israel .
That s why any democratic revolution in Iran probably wouldnt attenuate Irans desire for a nuclear program .
Thus , the U.S. policy of trying to negotiate away Irans nuclear capabilities lacks empathy and is naïve .
And since the Iranians are fairly sophisticated in their foreign policy and know that Israel or the United States could attempt a military strike against their nuclear facilities , they have probably hardened or buried many of them ( if secret facilities even exist ) .
Therefore , U.S. policy should shift to managing a nuclear Iran instead of trying to prevent what is probably inevitable .
For many of the same reasons , it is Pollyannaish and unempathetic to try to negotiate away North Koreas existing nuclear capability .
U.S. policy should take the same approach with the hermit kingdom .
The lack of U.S. empathy in Afghanistan has been covered .
In Iraq , a lack of U.S. understanding that ethno- sectarian loyalties will always trump those to an artificial central state did not improve with a change in U.S. administration .
Recognizing the existing partition and devolving more power to local and regional governments , rather than perpetuating the non-viable central government , is probably the only way to avoid a massive civil war .
The most flagrant U.S. denial of reality occurred during the recent Russo - Georgian war .
The U.S. government and media focused on the autocratic Russian governments nefarious intentions of maintaining security in its sphere of influence ( after 25 million Russians died in an invasion by a foreign power in World War II , this is hardly a surprise ) and ignored the Georgian shelling of a South Ossetian town ( what many could call a war crime ) to start the war .
The worst and most dangerous case of non-empathy , however , has been the lack of U.S. introspection after the heinous 9/11 attacks .
Instead of reading Osama bin Ladens clear writings to glean his motives for attacking , the American public , to its future peril , simply bought George W. Bushs demagoguery that the U.S. was attacked because it was an economically and politically free country .
That bin Laden specifically denied this accusation was lost in the drive to do more of exactly what bin Laden was mad about in the first place U.S. forces invading and occupying Muslim soil , thus making things worse by aiding the recruitment of the anti-U.S. Islamists worldwide .
There are notorious dictatorships and terrorists in the world , but their threat to the United States has been exaggerated as an excuse to fulfill the foreign policy agendas of certain politicians , bureaucracies , or interest groups .
Instead , the U.S. should realize that even these outlaws have security fears and are not just hostile to the United States because it is a relatively free country .
Rep. Alan Grayson has sent a letter of apology to the Anti-Defamation League .
Grayson apologizes
Rep .
Alan Grayson has sent a letter of apology to the Anti-Defamation League after describing the health care situation as a “ holocaust in America ” on the House floor Wednesday .
Grayson , who is Jewish , first called Thursday to apologize to the ADL – a sort of national arbiter of anti-Semitism – and followed up with a letter Friday , which is the beginning of the Jewish festival of Sukkot .
Advertisement
Grayson spokesman Todd Jurkowski confirmed the contents of the letter , which were first reported by FOX News .
“ In no way did I mean to minimize the Holocaust , ” wrote Grayson .
“ I regret the choice of words , and I will not repeat it . ”
But Grayson is making no apology to Republicans , who said they were offended when he said on the House floor Tuesday that the GOP ’s health care plan amounts to “ die quickly . ”
It was during a mocking apology to Republicans for that remark – when he used the term holocaust — that Grayson raised the ire of some of his fellow Jews .
The man was out with a group of friends when he fell A man who fell 300 ft ( 91 m ) to his death from the top of a cliff was posing for a photo at the time , holding on to a tuft of grass , coastguards said .
The " tragic accident " at Seaton in Devon on Sunday afternoon was witnessed by the 39 - year - old Polish man 's friends and nearby tourists .
The victim was found in bushes at the foot of Beer Hill and rescuers said he would have been killed instantly .
Coastguards have warned people to stay away from the edges of cliffs .
Maddy Davey , from Portland coastguard , said : " The man was posing for a photograph whilst holding on to a tuft of grass at the top of the cliffs .
He was seen by some tourists to fall down the sheer face of the cliffs
Maddy Davey , Portland coastguard
" The grass gave way and he was seen by some tourists on the scene to fall down the sheer face of the cliffs and land in bushes at the bottom .
" It was the middle of the day .
All the tourists were there , people along the cliff path , who witnessed it . "
A police spokesman said the death appeared to be a " tragic accident " and the man 's family were being informed .
In Kent , another man , thought to be Russian , died at the weekend after falling from cliffs near Folkestone .
A spokeswoman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency warned walkers about the dangers of cliffs : " Often , despite appearances , they can be unstable and crumbly , as well as being slippery when wet , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" I have health coverage through a private policy that uses a PPO network of doctors .
I needed surgery for a left hand fracture and secured a doctor in the network , and the procedure was covered by my policy . "
" However , the doctor used other services that were not in the network such as anesthesia services .
This service charged a ridiculous fee way above the standard amount typical of that service .
The insurance company tells me that the service is not covered above the amount they allow for non-network services and you are stuck paying the big bill . "
" This is extremely unfair because the patient is penalized for the doctor choosing a service to use that is out of the insurer 's network , and the patient has no control over what other ancillary services that the doctor chooses . "
" To be fair , the insurer should pay the bill according to the network charges since the doctor and facility used for the surgery was in the provider 's network . "
NEXT : Protect our health the way we protect our cars
MADRID  Pirates on Friday threatened to kill three crew members of a Spanish fishing ship they seized over a month ago if two suspected pirates being held in Spain were not freed , according to news agencies who quoted the captain of the vessel .
“ They have taken three of our crew and have given a deadline of two days , ” the captain , Ricardo Blach , told Spanish television by telephone from the ship .
“ If in two days there are no signs that those two Somalis are being sent back here , they are going to kill them and immediately take another three hostages .
This is a lottery , ” he said , according to the reports .
Crew members of the ship , the Alakrana , had pleaded with their relatives on Thursday to press the Spanish government to do more to gain their release .
The relatives said that during telephone calls placed from the Alakrana , a 100 - meter tuna - fishing vessel held off the Somali coast , captives briefly described their plight and said the pirates had followed through on their threat to start taking captives ashore .
There are 16 Spaniards among a crew of 36 .
Why are people on Gaza so unhappy ?
Well , if you had to live in a prison , would n't you be unhappy ? —
Former CIA officer Robert Baer
It ’s the most terrifying place I ’ve ever been in … it ’s a horrifyingly sad place because of the desperation and misery of the way people live .
I was unprepared for camps that are much worse than anything I saw in South Africa . –
Professor Edward Said 1993
They may be living but they 're not alive .
– Journalist Philip Rizk
The situation on the ground in Gaza has continued to deteriorate since January .
One of the most densely populated areas in the world , this small coastal strip is home to a million and a half Palestinians , many of them refugees for over 60 years .
It is now the worst condition it ’s been in since 1967 when the Israeli army took military control of the land .
As numerous scholars and observers have concluded , the Israeli plan for Gaza seems to be to turn it into a depoliticized humanitarian catastrophe , turning the Palestinians trapped in there “ beggars who have no political identity and therefore can have no political claims .
” The Israeli assault against Gaza last winter brought this enclave to the forefront of the news cycle , only to disappear from the headlines in the weeks and months that followed .
The attention of much of the world ’s dominant media moved on to other issues soon after a unilateral Israeli pullout — planned precisely timed so as not to cause an unsightly distraction from the inauguration of the new American president .
The lack of prominent coverage was not because there was a lack of newsworthy events in Gaza .
No , “ breaking news is Gaza 's middle name , ” says freelance journalist Philip Rizk .
“ But because this breaking news always holds the same kind of information , no one cares to report on it .
” “ An Eye for an Eyelash ” [ 8 ] Violence in the occupied territories has always been bloody but many longtime observers were shocked by the brutality of winter assault , which killed more Palestinians in the first three weeks than during the entire first Intifada , or uprising against the occupation ( 1987 - 1993 ) , prompting the UN to label it “ one of the most violent episodes in the recent history of the occupied Palestinian territory .
” The January offensive left 1,417 people dead , 1,181 of which were non-combatants ( 313 children and 116 women ) .
Another 5,303 Palestinians were injured in the attacks , including 1,606 children and 828 women , many left devastated with life - altering conditions .
The attack , carefully - planned six months in advance , destroyed 60 police stations early on , obliterated 20 ambulances and 30 mosques , in addition to leaving several hospitals bombed .
Some 280 schools and kindergartens were damaged , 18 of which were destroyed completely ( including 8 kindergartens ) .
Another 6600 dunams of agricultural land , which Palestinian farmers depend on for their livelihood , were razed ( 1 dunam = 1,000 square meters ) .
In all , some 21,000 buildings were damaged or destroyed .
An estimated $ 1.9 billion worth of damage was inflicted , according to an Economist Intelligence Unit report .
“ What we 're witnessing today is an assault , a massacre , ” and “ not a war whatsoever , ” said Zahir Janmohamed of Amnesty International on the 15 of January , reminding an audience that this was not a conflict between two equivalent military powers but rather another bloody chapter a long history of “ Israel ’s colonial operations ” in the occupied territories .
His views were confirmed by facts on the ground , as one scholar recently observed .
The systemic and widespread destruction of both lives and infrastructure was not an unintended consequence of the offensive but rather a deliberate strategy derived from the destruction inflicted during the 2006 Lebanon conflict .
The attack followed the “ Dahiya Strategy , ” referring to the Beirut area that was destroyed during the attack on Lebanon in 2006 .
It concluded civilians must pay for their leader ’s actions .
Of course if one were to conclude that Israeli civilians should pay for their leader ’s actions or American civilians be held responsible for George Bush ’s actions , the ( muted ) international response might be different .
The strategy was formalized two months before the attacks by Tel Aviv University 's Institute of National Security Studies and urged the use of “ disproportionate force ” ( by definition a war crime ) to inflict crushing damage on “ economic interests ” and “ centers of civilian power , ” leaving the targeted society devastated and “ floundering ” in a long reconstruction process .
( for more on the political dynamics involved and actions of Hamas and Israel before and during the attacks , see these papers ) .
“ Behind the dry statistics lie shocking individual stories , ” a group of Israeli human rights groups wrote .
“ Whole families were killed ; parents saw their children shot before their very eyes ; relatives watched their loved ones bleed to death ; and entire neighborhoods were obliterated .
” The stories of those who experienced the attacks , who lost loved ones , and who continue to suffer , offer another perspective often absent here in the U.S.
Some of these stories , which described the toll of war beyond numerical abstractions , trickled out in the British press , where journalists are less ideologically constrained to follow the party line , even despite the Israeli military ban on foreign journalists .
Anwar Balousha , a 40 - year - old man living in Jabalyia refugee camp in northern Gaza told British reporters of his personal loss .
It was around midnight when an Israeli bomb struck their refugee camp ’s mosque with a blast so powerful it collapsed several neighboring buildings , including the Balousha ’s home .
Of his seven daughters sleeping in a single room , five were killed — buried under bricks and rubble as they slept .
" We are civilians , ” Anwar said .
“ I do n't belong to any faction , I do n't support Fatah or Hamas , I 'm just a Palestinian .
They are punishing us all , civilians and militants .
What is the guilt of the civilian ?
" While human rights groups and other observers painstakingly extracted similar stories , the lesser - known narrative of a siege decimating Gaza ’s society remained largely untold , confined to the dissident press and humanitarian groups .
Most stories usually report on the violence and bloodshed between two forces , which are often implied to be equivalent both morally and physically .
The day - to - day struggles of 1.4 million Palestinians enduring and resisting a 42 - year old occupation do not fit neatly into the standard narrative of events describing the Palestinian - Israeli issue .
It becomes easy for many to see ordinary Palestinians as nameless and faceless creatures , characters in a story taking place in a faraway land .
Israeli violence towards Gaza did not begin on the 27th of December .
As Amnety ’s Janmohamed observed , the assault included the blockade and other attacks and incursions into Gaza , all of which started well before that Saturday morning in December .
The roots of the humanitarian disaster imposed by the Israeli need to be examined , he said , alluding to what one OXFAM official described as “ a serious crime against humanity , ” a situation where 1.5 million people “ are being punished for something they have n't done . ”
Nick Xenophon 's attack on the tax free status Church of Scientology last night was laudable , and long overdue , but did not go nearly far enough , writes Jane Shaw .
I like Nick Xenophon , I like him a lot .
He ’s like the anti-Steve : an independent senator able to his head above water as he swims through the senatorial swill .
His attack on the tax free status church of Scientology last night was laudable , and long overdue , but did not go nearly far enough .
Scientologists really are fish in a barrel though : they owe their beginnings to a not - terribly - good science fiction writer , they believe in aliens and they have couch - jumping Tom Cruise as their mascot .
You ’re not going to provoke a riot by poking them with pointy sticks ; but if you are going to question the right of Scientologists to run a tax free organisation , how can you not ask the same question about the Catholics , the Jews , the Pentecostals and the Muslims ?
Religious groups in Australia have a combined wealth of around $ 1 billion , they run cereal companies , insurance companies , wineries and pizza chains , and pay none of the income tax or capital gains tax that slows the rest of us down on our climb to wealth and profit .
Why not ?
These are for - profit activities , they are not charitable or even evangelical ; they are in the business of being in business , how do they manage to avoid business costs because of a misty historical precedent that has no relevance in a secular society ?
Religious organisations argue that their profits are redistributed to the community in the form of charitable activities and community services .
This same claim is made by purveyors of poker machines and it ’s the reddest of herrings in both cases .
Non-profit or charitable activities are tax deductions no matter who you are , and if all your profits are distributed this way then you will not pay any tax on them .
If you are not a religious organisation , however , you will need to put in a tax return and provide some proof that this is indeed the case .
What possible cause does any church have to say that they should be exempt from this requirement ?
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
A stronger argument against taxing religious organisation is that it would allow governments to shut down churches for non-payment of taxes , and could be manipulated to allow secular interference with religions unpopular with the government of the day .
This is a valid point and no - one wants to see governments mucking about with religion , but taxing business activities is not going to interfere with any religious activities , unless you want to believe in the divine properties of Weet - bix ™ and So Good™ .
It ’s fear - mongering and chest - beating to drown out the facts .
Taxes are only required where profit is generated : if the expenses of running a business ( or church ) are more than the income , there is no tax to be paid ; if a church wants to confine itself to charitable and evangelical activities it will generate no profit and not have to worry about taxes .
If , on the other hand , a religious organisation manages to extract profits from its congregation or cereal packets , it should not be allowed to hide the source or the amount of those profits from the public by covering it with a shroud of we - are - untouchable - because - of - God mysticism .
It has no place in a society like Australia , which is , blessedly , secular .
The news that Robert Kirkman 's zombie comic
The Walking Dead was headed to television via Mad Men 's cable home AMC , as opposed to movies , surprised many ... but not Kirkman .
As far as he 's concerned , a movie would 've missed the point .
Advertisement
Talking to Comic Book Resources , Kirkman said ,
The thing that makes " The Walking Dead " unique and interesting is that it's a zombie movie that never ends – that 's the log line or whatever .
To do a zombie movie that 's based on that ?
Kinda dumb .
The whole idea behind the book is that it 's a long - term exploration on the characters and their situation and how they 're dealing with these problems over a long period of time , the different things that happen to the characters and how it affects and changes the characters .
You can do that in a series of movies , but it 's not ideal .
It 's not really common for people to go , " Oh , I 'll buy this thing and commit to making 10 movies based on it ! "
So , the TV show makes way more sense to me for all of those reasons .
Advertisement
The creator , a partner at Image Comics since last year , also reassured fans of the comic that this wo n't replace the original series :
[ The TV show will ] be 110 % faithful in tone , but I do n't know that every single character will be exactly the same and I do n't know if every single character will actually make it into the show , just because there are about 45 characters in the comic so far .
But like I said , it 's very early on in the process ...
If it goes past the pilot , I 'll be writing episodes and looking over the storylines for the series and I 'll be pretty hands on .
I will be as hands on as working in comics will allow me to be .
If it gets to a point where the work in comics is slowing up , I 'll step back and leave [ the series ] in the very capable hands of whoever 's working on the show ...
My main commitment is to the comics .
I want to be the first guy in history that 's gotten a movie or TV deal and continued to put out his comic series uninterrupted .
As a fan , I hate it when it 's like , " Oh , that 's awesome , there 's gonna be a TV show … and now the comic is gone .
What the F ! "
I 've already talked to Charlie Adlard [ the artist of " The Walking Dead " ] about it and we definitely want to keep the series without interruptions .
So , that comes first .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Walking Dead pilot , written and directed by The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist 's Frank Darabont , is currently in pre-production .
The Walking Dead comic series is available now .
Kirkman Talks " Walking Dead " TV [ Comic Book Resources ]
Our goal is to always be available and responsive to you and to keep the lines of communication open , so you know what is happening with your case .
You 'll know your options , as well as the possible consequences of the decisions you make .
With experience in divorce , personal injury , and federal white - collar crime , Zuba & Associates , P.C. is here to help when you face the stress of legal issues .
We not only pursue positive outcomes in your case , but also work hard to ensure it proceeds smoothly and without producing additional trouble in your life .
It takes a sober person to order Chicken Selects at McDonald 's during breakfast hours – or at least that 's the latest explanation Daniel Schuler 's investigator posits for why Diane was n't drunk when she killed eight people in a tragic wrong - way crash on the Taconic .
Driver Diane Schuler 's autopsy showed she was drunk and high when she drove nearly two miles in the wrong direction on the Taconic over the summer , slamming head - on into an SUV and killing the three men in that car , plus herself , her daughter and three nieces .
The family of Michael Bastardi , 81 , and his son , Guy , 49 , who were killed in the SUV , is suing the Schulers , saying Diane 's morning bender caused the crash .
But Thomas Ruskin , a private investigator hired by the Schulers , says she was sober all morning and it was n't a drunken binge that led to the accident .
The proof is in McDonald 's , Ruskin says .
The investigator told the Daily News that Diane Schuler put in a complex order at the food chain – Chicken Selects , a food not normally served at breakfast – for her son , Bryan .
She had to convince the cashier to put it through , reports the News , which required some conversational skills .
" Diane Schuler was very engaging , " Ruskin told the paper .
" She was so engaging she was able to convince the McDonald 's employees to make Bryan Schuler Chicken Selects at 9:40 in the morning . "
And she spoke with employees for some time , Ruskin added , so they would 've been able to tell if there was something amiss .
" They say that there was absolutely nothing wrong with her , " he told the News .
Plus , there 's a four - minute surveillance video taken of Diane Schuler at a Sunoco gas station in Liberty a few hours before she barreled into another vehicle that does n't indicate anything was wrong , Ruskin adds .
The video , obtained from the Westchester District Attorney 's office , shows Schuler walking into the gas station , apparently unperturbed .
" The tape shows Diane Schuler was in full control and absolutely normal , " Ruskin told the News .
" She is n't staggering .
These are not the images of a drunk or high woman . "
The video also shows her red minivan pulling out of the gas station lot , but she is n't driving erratically .
Brian Sichol , an attorney for the Bastardis , is n't buying the McDonald 's defense , which he calls another in a long line of desperate yet futile attempts to prove Schuler 's innocence – and does n't believe the gas station surveillance video proves anything .
" Just because Diane Schuler is not passed out on the floor of McDonald 's or the gas station does not prove that she was n't drunk three hours later , " Sichol told the News .
" We do n't need all these silly theories .
We have science .
Science tells us that Diane Schuler was drunk and high " at 1:35 p.m. , the time of the crash .
Initial toxicology reports indicated the Long Island mother of two had a blood alcohol level of more than twice the legal limit and had smoked marijuana as early as 15 minutes before the devastating July 26 wreck on the Taconic .
Daniel Schuler , Diane 's husband , and his attorney have repeatedly denied allegations that Schuler drank or was a drug addict .
Two weeks ago , it was revealed , however , that Diane and Daniel had two strawberry daiquiris two nights before the fatal journey and her sister - in - law said that she smoked marijuana regularly to combat stress .
Former SS officer , now 90 , stands trial for the murder of 57 Jewish labourers in 1945
A 90 - year - old former member of the Nazi's SS has been charged with 58 counts of murder for the 1945 killings of Jewish forced labourers in Austria , authorities said this afternoon .
The man is suspected of killing the Jews near the Austrian village of Deutsch Schuetzen , a German state court said in a statement .
' On March 29 , 1945 , the accused and his accomplices brought at least 57 Jewish forced labourers in several groups to a nearby forest area , where they had to give up their valuables and kneel by a grave , ' the court said .
Storms was a member of Hitler 's 5th SS Panzer Division ' Wiking '
' The accused and other SS members then cruelly shot the Jewish forced - labourers from behind . '
Though the court described the suspect simply as a ' retiree from Duisburg , ' media reports have identified him as Adolf Storms , a former member of the 5th SS Panzer Division ' Wiking . '
The day following the massacre , Storms is accused of personally shooting another Jew who could no longer walk during a forced march in Austria from Deutsch Schuetzen to the village of Hartberg , the court said .
The remains of the victims of the Deutsch Schuetzen massacre were found in 1995 in a mass grave by the Austrian Jewish association .
A plaque now marks the site .
Prosecutors opened the investigation of Storms at the end of 2008 after being alerted to his presence by an Austrian university student who had been researching the massacre .
Prosecutor Andreas Brendel said his investigation is still ongoing , but so far three former members of the Hitler Youth , who were helping the SS oversee the march , have provided witness statements in Austria .
A fourth former Hitler Youth member , now living in Canada , is being interviewed this week , Brendel told The Associated Press .
' There are two who witnessed the shooting of the individual Jewish victim , but there are no people still alive who were part of the other shootings themselves , ' Brendel said .
There are , however , statements made during an Austrian trial of others involved that can be used as evidence against the suspect , he said .
Brendel said Storms ' attorney had asked not to be identified , and the phone at Storms ' house in the German city of Duisburg went unanswered .
In December , 2008 , when German authorities raided Storms ' home , they said he had invoked his right not to make a statement to them , but he has denied involvement in the shootings to others .
The suspect was interned in an American prisoner of war camp following the war , but was released in 1946 .
In the chaotic aftermath of the war , however , it was not uncommon for possible war criminals to slip through the cracks .
The Austrian press has reported the man changed the spelling of his name after World War II , perhaps helping him go undetected for so long .
All code in this article is copyright Patrick McKenzie 2009 and released under the MIT license .
Basically , you can feel free to use it for whatever , but do n’t sue me .
The other day on Hacker News , commenting on a recent Yehuda Katz explanation of the nuts and bolts of metaprogramming , I mentioned that I though discussions of programming theory are improved by practical examples of how the techniques solve problems for customers .
After all , toy problems are great , but foos and bars do n’t get me home from the day job quicker or convince my customers to pay me money .
My claim : Metaprogramming allows you to cut down on boilerplate code , making your programs shorter , easier to write , easier to read , and easier to test .
Also , it reduces the impact of changes .
I ’m going to demonstrate this using actual code from my PrintJob class , which encapsulates a single request to print out a set of bingo cards in Bingo Card Creator .
PrintJobs can have any number of properties associated with them , and every time I implement a new feature the list tends to grow .
For example , when I added in the ability to print in color , that required adding five properties .
This pattern is widely applicable among many times of one - to - many relationships where you never really look at the many outside of the context of their relationship to the one — user preferences would be an obvious example .
There are a few ways you can do this in Rails .
The most obvious is put each property as a separate column in your table .
This means that
you ’d do a database migration ( downtime ! breakage !
unnecessary work ! ) every week you add a new property .
If you ’re getting into the associations swing of thing , you might consider creating a has_many relationship between PrintJob and PrintJobProperties , with each PrintJobProperty having a property_name and a property_value .
Swell .
Now you need to :
Do twenty joins every time you inspect a single PrintJob .
Add a bunch of unique constraints ( in your DB or via Rails validations — I hope you have earned the favor of the concurrent modification gods ) to prevent someone from assigning two properties of the same name to the same print job .
Have very intensely ugly syntax for accessing the actual properties .
( Lets see , print_job.options.find_or_create_by_name( “ foo ” ) . value = “ bar ” ought to do it . )
Instead of either of these methods , I save the properties to an options hash , and then serialize that to JSON to save to and load from the database column .
Rails takes care of most of the details for me .
Enter The Metaprogramming Magic
However , this means I would have to write code like print_job [ : options ] [ : background_color ] , which is excessively verbose , and every time I referred to it I would need to possibly provide a default value in the event it was nil .
Too much work !
Instead , we ’ll use this Ruby code :
#goes in /lib/current_method.rb
# Returns the method name ruby is currently executing .
# I use this just to make my code more readable to me .
module CurrentMethodName def this_method caller [ 0 ] [ /`([ ^' ]*) '/ , 1 ] end end #goes in / app/ models / print_job.rb > class PrintJob 5 , : columns => 5 , :column_headers => " BINGO " , : free_space => " Free Space ! " , :cards_per_page => 1 , : card_count => 1 , : page_size => " LETTER " , : title => nil , : title_size => 36 , : font => " Times - Roman " , : font_size => 24 , :good_randomize => true , : watermark => false , : footer_text =>
" Omitted for length " , : call_list => true , :background_color => COLOR_WHITE , :second_background_color => COLOR_GREY , :border_color => COLOR_BLACK , > : text_color => COLOR_BLACK , :color_pattern => " plain " } # set up accessors for options DEFAULT_OPTIONS .
keys .
each do | key | define_method key do unless options .
nil ?
options [ this_method .
to_sym ] else nil end end define_method " # { key } = " .
to_sym do | value | unless options .
nil ?
options [ this_method .
to_s . sub ( " = " , " " ) . to_sym ] = value else options = {} options [ this_method .
to_s . sub ( " = " , " " ) . to_sym ] = value end end end # Other stuff omitted .
Sorry , I 'm not OSSing my whole business today .
end
What This Code Does
OK , what does this do ?
Well , first I define a bunch of default options , which are later used ( code not shown ) to initialize PrintJobs right before they ’re fed into the actual printing code .
Each default option is used to create a getter / setter pair for PrintJob , so that instead of typing print_job [ : options ] [:background_color ]
I can just type print_job.background_color .
You ’ll notice that it also note that both setters and getters pre-initialize the options array if I have n’t done it already .
This saves me from accidentally forgetting to initialize it and then winding up calling nil [ : some_option ] .
Why This Code Is Useful
Clearly this saves keystrokes for using getters / setters , but how does it actually save work ?
Well , because each of the properties are now methods on the ActiveRecord object ( the PrintJob ) , all of the Rails magic which you think works on columns actually works on these options , too .
This includes :
validations
form helpers
various pretty printing things
Since card_count is just another property on the PrintJob ActiveRecord object , Rails can validate it trivially .
Try doing that within a hash — it is n’t fun .
I sanity check that card_count ( the number of cards printed for this print job ) is an integer between 1 and 1,000 , and additionally check that , for users who are n’t registered , it is between 1 and 15 .
( I ’ve omitted the message which tells folks trying to print more to upgrade . )
validates_numericality_of : card_count , :greater_than => 0 , :less_than => 1000 , validates_numericality_of : card_count , :greater_than => 0 , :less_than => 16 , :unless => Proc .
new { | print_job | print_job .
user && print_job .
user .
is_registered ? }
Here ’s an example of a portion of the form helper from the screen where most of these options are set :
# Just a part of the form .
4 , : title =>
" Total number of cards to print . " "
Ordinarily in the above code you ’d expect card_count to correspond to a column in the database , and then the column would cause there to be card_count and card_count= methods on PrintJob , and this would be used to initialize the above text field .
Well , Rails does n’t really care how those methods came to be — they could be placed there by ActiveRecord magic , or attr_accessor , or defining by hand , or creative use of metaprogramming , as above .
It takes about 7 lines to define a getter / setter pair in most languages .
I have twenty properties listed up there .
Instant savings : 140 lines of code .
Similarly , I ’m saved from having to write a bunch of repetitive non-sense in the controller , too .
def some_controller_method @print_job = PrintJob .
new @print_job .
sensible_defaults !
#initializes defaults for options not already set #update all parameters relating to the print job params [ : print_job ]. each do | key , value | if @print_job .
options .
include ?
key .
to_sym @print_job [ :options ] [ key .
to_sym ] = value end end end
This walks over the param map for things being set to the PrintJob and , if they ’re an option , sets them automatically .
This saves about twenty lines of manual assignment .
( Nota bene : PrintJob.new ( param ) will not work because the virtual columns are not real columns .
In general , I hate mass assignment in Rails anyhow — sooner or later it will bite my hindquarters for security if I use it , so I assign only those columns which I know to be safe .
Note that nothing in the options hash is sensitive — after all , they ’re just user options . )
This controller is extraordinarily robust against change .
When I added five extra options to the print jobs to accommodate my new features ( font , color , and pattern selection ) , I did n’t change one single line of the associated controllers .
But wait , there ’s more !
You see , 200 lines of negacode ( code that you do n’t have to write ) means 200 lines of code that you do n’t have to read , test , maintain , or debug .
I did n’t have to change the controller at all .
I did n’t have to check to see if the new properties were automatically initialized to their starting values , since the code which performed the initialization was already known to work .
I did n’t have to debug typos made in the accessors .
It all just worked .
This is the power of metaprogramming .
The less boilerplate code you have to write , understand , read , test , debug , and maintain , the more time you can spend creating new features for your customers , doing marketing , or doing other things of value for your business .
The last three features I added caused five new properties to be added to my PrintJob model .
I just diffed the pre- and post - commit code in SVN .
Three features required required :
No change to the schema .
No change to the controller .
35 lines to implement three features in the model .
( Counting the white space . )
( The view required about 25 lines of new code , mostly inline Javascript , because a good UI for picking colors is tricky .
I ended up liberally borrowing from this chap , who has an awesome color picker in Prototype that was amenable to quick adaptation to the needs of technically unsophisticated users to who would n’t think # F00F00 is a color . )
This is a much , much more effective use of my time than writing several hundred lines worth of boilerplate model code , then repeating much of it in XML configurations , just so that I can actually have access to the data needed to begin implementing the features .
( How did you guess I program in Java ? )
A Note To DBAs In The Audience
Yeah , I hear you — stuffing preferences in JSON is all well and good , but does n’t this ruin many of the benefits of using SQL ?
For instance , is n’t it true that I can no longer query for PrintJobs which are colored red in any convenient manner ?
That is absolutely true .
However , it is n’t required by my use cases , at all .
PrintJobs are only ever accessed per user and per id , and since both of those have their own columns , having all the various options be stored in an opaque blob does n’t really hurt me .
I regret not being able to do “ select sum( card_count ) from print_jobs ; ” some times , but since I do n’t have to calculate “ total number of cards printed since I opened ” all that frequently , it is perfectly adequate to just load the entire freaking table into memory and then calculate it in Ruby .
( It takes about 5 seconds to count : 217,264 cards printed to date .
Thanks users ! )
Note Regarding Security
Programmatically instantiating methods is extraordinarily dangerous if you do n’t know what you ’re doing .
Note that I create the methods based on keys used in a constant hash specified in my code .
You could theoretically do this from a hash created anywhere — for example , Ruby will happily let you create methods at runtime so you might decide , eh , PrintJob needs a method for everything in the params hash .
DO NOT DO THIS .
That would let anyone with access to your params ( which is , well , anyone — just append ?
foo=bar to the end of a URL and see what happens ) create arbitrarily named methods on your model objects .
That is just asking to be abused — setting is_admin ? to 1 or adding can_launch_nuclear_weapons to role , for example .
The Philosophy Bites podcast is largely a labour of love .
At present we have no sponsor .
We are , however , extremely grateful to those who have chosen to support us via Patreon and Paypal - Paypal links are in the sidebar of our weblog www.philosophybites.com
We are particularly grateful to people who have pledged over £ 200 per annum - most recently Paul Beardsell .
Thank you , Paul !
If you have pledged over £ 200 per annum and would like your name to appear on the weblog , please email me via the email me link in the weblog sidebar .
Philosophy Bites episode downloads to date : 40,470,377 .
Suggestions for what we should do when we hit 50 million downloads very welcome !
We hope you enjoyed our two lockdown interviews - Nigel interviewing David Edmonds on his bestseller Wittgenstein 's Poker , and David interviewing Nigel Warburton on his bestseller A Little History of Philosophy .
Stay safe .
We hope the interviews are helping you get through these difficult times .
Show your school spirit with this officially licensed Clemson Women 's T - Shirt !
There are no refunds for this item .
For more information , see www.xbox.com/live/accounts.
Copy and paste this link into an e-mail or instant message : http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/Clemson-Womens-T-Shirt/00000008-fa49-82e2-c02a-c304444d07d1?cid=SLink
Click to create and send a link using your email application
Like Clemson Women 's T - Shirt on Facebook
To this , my excellent former co-blogger Winterspeak responds that since the United States has a monopoly on the currency it issues , it can't default -- it can just keep running the printing presses .
There are a couple of problems with this .
In some sense , I think it confuses cause with effect : the government gets to borrow in a currency over which it has a monopoly , because it has been a fairly credible steward of that currency .
If it inflated away its debts on the scale of , say , a Latin American nation , it would not be able to borrow in dollars any more .
And since it needs real goods and services , not little green pieces of paper , that matters .
For his point to be right , you need to believe that the government can end up financing the entire debt by seignorage , which is the revenue that the government gets from issuing currency .
In the case of the United States , that revenue is currently pretty considerable , because so many people overseas use dollars as their emergency bank account ; essentially , they give us goods and services in exchange for dollars , and then stash those dollars under their mattresses .
But that 's because we do n't inflate the currency .
In the case of a hyperinflation , essentially , the government gets a slight discount , based on the fact that it knows how much money is in existence , and you do n't .
It prints the dollars , and uses them to buy goods , and then the oversupply of dollars pushes up prices still further .
But the discount is actually pretty small , and hyperinflationary seignorage turns out to be a very inefficient way of generating tax revenue , especially in a world where there are modern financial markets monitoring government behavior .
The much maligned Laffer Curve is actually a pretty effective model at describing hyperinflation ; it 's very easy to get on the wrong side , where inflationary expectations and deadweight loss start killing the revenue you can raise .
It is possible to end up in a place where , as with the Zimbabwean dollar , your monopoly right to print your currency becomes worthless , because the demand for that currency is essentially zero -- no one will give you goods and services in exchange for your paper .
If you 're talking about a past stock of debt , it makes some sense to talk about it solely in terms of dollars -- really , accounting entries .
But of course , the reason the government borrowed the money is that it needed to secure real goods in the economy , and its citizens did n't want to reduce their consumption enough to pay for it all with their taxes .
Sometimes that 's a one time event , like a war , in which case inflating away your debt looks quite attractive ( immoral , possibly -- but then , lots of attractive things are immoral , n'est ce pas ? )
But more often it's an ongoing problem .
In which case , it 's hard to aggressively inflate , because within a very short period of time , your ability to borrow in your own currency at attractive rates will fall off .
So if you 're going to hyperinflate , you need to be prepared to quickly close the gaps between the real goods and services you want to consume , and the real goods and services you want your citizens to give up in order to pay their taxes .
In other words , you need to be prepared to stop running a budget deficit -- or to resort to increasingly desperate tactics like Argentina 's nationalization of its private pension regime in order to loot the accounts .
Rather than confronting ( say ) Dawkins ' arguments with counter - arguments , people like Craven , and many others like him , instead cry out : why are you picking on us ?
All we want is for you to respect our beliefs .
And so , the crybaby theists hide behind the demand for respect , which sounds reasonable enough .
The more shameless – and their ranks are represented in many religions , such as Muslims , Christians and Jews – complain that when someone criticises their religious faith , the people who belong to that religion are being subjected to abuse .
The bottom line is that such special pleading is a way for theists to avoid answering their critics .
The cry that religious beliefs are not being treated respectfully often demonstrates incredible arrogance and hypocrisy .
Firstly , in a liberal democracy , people should adjust to the prospect of other people finding their views stupid , immoral , pernicious , or any other terrible thing .
For example , consider the case of a racist .
They may view others with contempt , and members of the targeted minorities might respond with contempt for the views of the racist .
Should we demand that victims of racism respect the beliefs of racists ?
Of course not : we grant the truism that some beliefs are stupid , immoral , pernicious and other terrible things .
A liberal democracy cannot function without the possibility of discussing which beliefs are good and which ones are not .
Crybaby theists wish to be shielded from the normal rough and tumble of arguments about beliefs .
There are people who honestly think religious belief irrational , and find aspects of organised religion troubling .
If anything is outrageous , it is the arrogance of religious extremists , here and elsewhere , holding that such views should not be allowed open discussion .
Secondly , hearing of the need for religious beliefs to be treated respectfully by evangelical Christians is galling .
This is a religious faith full of those who believe in the importance of preaching to unbelievers and converting them .
Obviously , if they respected the views of atheists and believers in different religions , they would not indulge such practices .
Yet many Christians , with scriptural support , think non-believers and the un-baptised are going to hell .
How respectful is this ?
Unlike crybaby theists , I 'm happy for missionaries to try to persuade adults of the merits of their irrational case .
Indeed , no atheists that I know of actually suggest that theists should “ respect ” their beliefs and stop arguing for theism .
Atheists have simply taken up arguing their point of view : against religious belief .
Some people whose income depends on irrational belief in the afterlife and dated holy texts have naturally reacted with anger at such developments .
Officials are also hoping to cut the costs of detaining immigrants
The US government has announced plans to use sites like converted hotels and nursing homes to house some immigrants awaiting processing or deportation .
This is part of an overhaul of the system of detaining immigrants , amid reports of abuses and poor care .
Immigrants would be held according to the risk they posed , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said .
Each year , thousands of immigrants are held in US jails , alongside regular prisoners , awaiting deportation .
" This is a system that encompasses many different types of detainees , not all of whom need to be held in prison - like circumstances , " Ms Napolitano said .
" These new initiatives will improve accountability and safety in our detention facilities . "
At the same time , Ms Napolitano stressed that enforcement of immigration laws would continue " unabated " .
The US has been criticised for holding illegal immigrants and asylum seekers in often crowded jails alongside regular prisoners .
There have been accusations that detainees have been denied due process and have received poor medical care .
During 2008 , a total of nearly 380,000 people were in custody or supervised by Immigrations and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) , which is part of the Department of Homeland Security .
The facilities used to house the immigrants are mainly jails and prisons , which also house people awaiting trial and those serving sentences .
On 1 September , 2009 , ICE had 31,075 immigrants in detention at more than 300 facilities across the US .
Of these , 66 % were subject to mandatory detention and 51 % were felons .
Of these , 11 % had committed violent crimes , while the majority of the population were seen as low risk , a report by ICE says .
The plans for reform , which will be put to Congress , will could also result in savings in the cost of detaining immigrants , which stood at almost $ 2bn ( £ 1.3 bn ) in 2008 .
Ms Napolitano 's department says alternatives like converted hotels and nursing homes would cost about $ 14 a day , compared to about $ 100 for detention in jail .
President Barack Obama has spoken of the need for comprehensive immigration reform in the US , where an estimated 12 million undocumented people live and work .
Efforts by his predecessor , George W Bush , to reform US immigration laws collapsed in 2007 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
College costs are higher than ever , according to a new report , putting a degree even further out of reach for many Americans .
Tuition and fees at private 4 - year schools rose 4.4 % in the current school year to $ 26,273 , according to a survey released by the College Board Tuesday .
Charges at public 4 - year universities spiked over 6 % for both in - state and out - of state students , to $ 7,020 and $ 18,548 , respectively .
" We 're in a very strong sellers market for higher education , " said Pat Callan , president of the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education , who noted that the high school graduating class of 2009 was the largest in history .
" Colleges and universities are capitalizing on that more than any other institution in the economy .
If you walk around a shopping mall , nobody else is raising prices at the same rate . "
Tuition prices are going up at private schools at least in part because those schools have seen their endowments dwindle .
Public schools are suffering from a dip in state funding , which declined 5.7 % per student this year .
( College Cost Finder :
Get the latest tuition . )
Less grant money .
At the same time , the availability of financial aid is n't keeping up with these climbing costs .
Grant funding grew only 4.7 % in the 2008 - 2009 academic year , the most recent for which data is available , which means that undergraduates ' out - of - pocket costs are higher than ever .
That , combined with higher unemployment and stagnant household incomes , is making it harder than ever to finance a degree .
The good news , if it can be called that , is that about two thirds of full time students receive financial aid that does n't need to be repaid .
After taking grants into consideration , coupled with federal tax benefits , the net cost of college is much lower than the sticker price .
On average , students at private schools are paying $ 11,900 , while those attending public schools are spending about $ 1,600 out of pocket each year .
That still leaves a third of students paying full freight , and every undergrad is still contending with room and board costs that are also climbing , up 5.4 % at public schools at 4.2 % at private schools this year .
" Tuition is only one part of the picture , " said Sandy Baum , a senior policy analyst at Collage Board .
" Even though the net tuition might not be rising for students who get grants , the aid is not enough to cover living costs . "
More borrowing .
To help bridge the gap between what college costs and what families can afford , student loans are also up .
Total borrowing increased 5 % between the 2007 - 2008 and 2008 - 2009 school years , the most recent for which data is available .
If these trends continue , experts say that it will become even harder to get a college degree .
" If we do n't find a way to constrain costs and invest in financial aid at the same time , we wo n't have any gain in increasing the accessibility or affordability of higher education , " said Pat Callan from the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education .
Callan and his colleagues say that state governors and legislators have to put pressure on public colleges and universities to limit tuition hikes , while trustees must do the same at private schools .
Simultaneously , Callan adds , schools need to invest more financial aid in students who really need it .
For instance , at public schools during the 2007 - 2008 year , two - thirds of grant money went to students without regard to financial circumstances .
Students from the lowest income families got an average of just $ 570 in non need - based grants , while students from upper - middle income families received $ 730 .
But the College Board 's Sandy Baum is optimistic that this is one challenge that the education community can address .
" I think that the silver lining to the current problem is that we 'll waste less money on kids who do n't need it , " she said , " and focus on kids who need the funds . "
Liz Cheney plans to launch a new group to rally opposition to President Barack Obama 's foreign policy .
Liz Cheney takes on ' radical ' W.H .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s eldest daughter Liz will launch a new group aimed at rallying opposition to the “ radical ” foreign policy of the Obama administration which it says has succeeded only in undermining the nation ’s security .
The new group , Keep America Safe , will make the case against President Barack Obama ’s moves to wrench America away from Bush era foreign policy on issues from detaining alleged terrorists at Guantanamo Bay to building a missile shield in Eastern Europe .
Advertisement
“ The policies being proposed by the Obama administration are so radical across the board , ” Cheney said .
“ Whether you ’re a Republican or a Democrat , you want the nation to be strong and so many steps this president is taking are making the nation weaker . ”
The new group will add institutional heft to a scathing critique of Obama articulated first and loudest by Liz Cheney ’s father , and fills a void left by a Republican Party made skittish by the Iraq War , and apparently more eager to engage the president on domestic issues like health care .
Its formation marks the end of an unusual partisan truce on America ’s central national security challenge , Afghanistan , and after a presidential campaign in which Obama and Republican John McCain agreed on many security issues from Central Asia to Guantanamo Bay .
Keep America
Safe will focus on issues like troop levels , missile defense , detainees , and interrogation , according to Liz Cheney , who is heading the group along with Weekly Standard editor William Kristol and Debra Burlingame , the hawkish sister of an American Airlines pilot killed in the September 11 attacks .
The group , incorporated as a 501 ( c ) 4 non-profit , launches its fundraising drive online Tuesday with a web video accusing Obama of failing to back up his “ tough talk ” and with a website aimed to provide an organizing tool for hawks .
“ The Left has dozens of organizations and tens of millions of dollars dedicated to undercutting the war on terror , ” said Kristol , a seasoned partisan warrior .
“ The good guys need some help too . ”
The group ’s mechanics are largely a product of former campaign aides to Senator John McCain : Michael Goldfarb , now a Weekly Standard blogger , is an adviser to the group ; its executive director is McCain war room chief Aaron Harison , and the video was produced by Justin Germany , the McCain aide who produced a campaign video titled , “ The One , ” which mocked Obama as a messianic figure .
The Keep America Safe video - a fundraising tool that will be promoted on the Drudge Report and other conservative outlets – mocks Obama ( in echoes of liberal attacks on his predecessor , George W. Bush ) as a lightweight more interested in golf than in defending America .
But its spirit is very much the Cheneys . ’
The former vice president assumed a high profile role last spring publicly contesting the Obama administration ’s move to bring its interrogation policy in line with international law – and defending his own legacy .
More recently , he ’s faded into the background as Liz Cheney , deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs in the Bush years , emerges as the most visible defender of that administration ’s foreign policy and the most vocal critic of Obama ’s departures from it .
Just Sunday on Fox News , Cheney mocked Obama ’s receipt of the Nobel Peace Prize , suggesting that he skip the ceremony in Oslo and instead send the mother of a fallen U.S. soldier to show the importance of U.S. war efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ The notion that the White House says he [ Obama ] will go to Oslo to accept this prize just adds to the farce ” she said .
Cheney said in an interview that her group ’s focus is forward , not back , but that it would n’t shrink from defending the still - unpopular Bush era .
“ The policies of the Bush administration since Sept. 11 are those policies that kept us safe – there ’s no turning away from that legacy at all , ” she said .
“ I think it ’s a very important one and one where we ought to be grateful for the men and women in the military and the intelligence community and the policy makers who kept us safe . ”
Cheney also cited signs that Democrats , when pushed , back quickly away from Obama ’s promises , like the overwhelming Senate vote in May to block moving detainees from Guantanamo to the continental United States and a recent Pew poll suggesting that a majority support military action in Iran if other paths fail to stop the country from getting nuclear arms .
“ It ’s clear that there ’s a real grassroots fear and concern out there .
Everywhere I go people are saying to me , ‘ Where can I go to learn more , ’ ” Cheney said .
“ People realize what a dangerous world we live in . ”
Burlingame , for her part , said the administration – like its predecessor – has given into political correctness in refusing to “ name the enemy ” as “ a radical form of Islam . ”
And she said she had been alarmed in June to find a former Human Rights Watch lawyer , Jennifer Daskal , who had battled the Bush White House on detainee policy , advising the current administration and attending a meeting with families of 9/11 victims .
“ I felt very betrayed by that , ” she said .
The Keep America Safe website , she said , would feature memos by Bush Administration lawyers justifying waterboarding and other practices to make the case that they are n’t torture .
Supporters “ can read the memos on enhanced interrogation instead of reading them through the lens of the media where they ’re called ‘ Torture memos ’ when , actually , they ’re lawyers talking about an anti-torture statute and how not to violate it , ” she said .
Kristol , asked about the group , first joked that it would serve as a launching pad for his partners ’ political careers .
Burlingame , however , flatly denied she ’s planning a run from liberal Westchester , and Cheney , who has been mentioned as a candidate for the Senate or House from Virginia , said her ambitions have nothing to do with it .
“ It ’s not about me or my future as all , except to the extent it ’s about my future as an American , my future as a mom who cares deeply about the world my kids will inherit , ” she said .
It could be the ultimate admission of defeat , or , a pretty smart move given its current strategy .
According to The Telgraph , MySpace is currently discussing a partnership with Facebook where music and video content published to MySpace could easily be shared on Facebook via Facebook Connect .
How far that Connect implementation might go is n’t clear , but Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg tells The Telegraph , “ MySpace could become a Facebook Connect partner – which would allow people to share content they liked from MySpace with their Facebook network . ”
MySpace CEO
Owen Van Natta , who used to work at Facebook , confirms the talks with the paper .
Why This Would Be Smart
MySpace has one of the best catalogs of music and videos on the Web .
Allowing users to share them on Facebook – far and away the most popular social network - would increase distribution for this content , and potentially get Facebook users to re-consider MySpace as a content portal and not a dying social network .
Why It's Risky
Although MySpace may envision itself as an entertainment portal , its bread and butter is still its social network - diminished as it may be .
Encouraging members to use Facebook for sharing content could hasten its demise in social networking at a rate far exceeding its growth in music and entertainment .
The result of that would be even more domination by Facebook , which , it should be noted , is already starting to move into digital music on its own ( and already serves as a major distribution point for YouTube content as well ) .
A Bold Move Is Needed
If MySpace wants to remain relevant it has to be bold , and partnering with the site that toppled it as world ’s biggest social network would certainly be that .
Given its current goals , and the benefits we already know that Facebook Connect can provide to content sites , do n’t be surprised if this deal comes to fruition in short order .
We 'll keep you posted .
AUSTIN , Texas , March 15 ( AP ) --
Ending the mystery of the 1995 disappearance of Madalyn Murray O'Hair , federal authorities confirmed on Thursday that bones dug up from a ranch in January are those of the atheist leader and two family members .
O'Hair was America 's best - known atheist .
In the 1960s , she took part in successful court battles to ban prayer and Bible - reading in U.S. public schools .
She called herself the most hated woman in America .
Forensic scientists used medical and dental records to identify the remains of O'Hair , 76 , her son Jon Garth Murray , 40 , and Robin Murray O'Hair , 30 , her granddaughter .
A stainless - steel artificial hip that was pulled from the ground was among the evidence used to identify the elder O'Hair , who had hip replacement surgery in 1988 .
" This certainly gives us some closure , " Roderick Beverly , agent in charge of the FBI 's San Antonio office .
The family disappeared from San Antonio in 1995 along with $ 500,000 in gold coins .
Investigators believe they were kidnapped , robbed and killed , and their bodies were cut up and dumped on a ranch near Camp Wood , about 125 miles ( 200 kilometers ) from San Antonio .
Of the four suspects believed to have taken part in the plot , one is dead , allegedly at the hand of his partners , and three others have been convicted of various charges , including extortion .
None of them has been convicted of kidnapping , and no murder charges have been filed .
The cause of death could not be determined with certainly for any of the victims , though Jon Murray appeared to have suffered a blow to the head .
And a plastic bag found over his skull suggested he might also have been suffocated , said David Glassman , chairman of anthropology at Southwest Texas State University , who worked on identifying the remains .
The victims ' legs had been cut off and placed on top of each other .
When the ailing O'Hair disappeared , some speculated at first that she had gone off somewhere to die so that Christians would not pray over her .
It was David Roland Waters , O'Hair 's former office manager , who led authorities to the grave .
Waters , 53 , struck a plea bargain and is scheduled to be sentenced March 30 on federal conspiracy charges .
Authorities also found a skull and hands of a fourth person , believed to be Danny Fry , one of the suspects in the family 's disappearance .
Fry 's headless , handless corpse was found in 1995 .
Glassman said he is waiting for dental records to identify the skull , which had holes in it along with traces of metal , suggesting the victim had been shot .
The examination could not determine if any of the victims had been tortured , or what was used to dismember them , Glassman said .
O'Hair 's estranged son , William Murray , said the remains will be turned over to him for burial .
William Murray was the subject of O'Hair 's landmark lawsuit on school prayer but is now a Christian evangelist .
He said the victims will get a private funeral , but he will not pray for their souls .
" You cannot pray them out of hell , " Murray said .
Why do we say " I 'm not pulling your leg " ?
Or " he kicked the bucket " ?
I do n't mean etymologically , I mean logically .
Why do we use idioms ?
I became fascinated by that question when I discovered that Russians say " I 'm not hanging noodles on your ears " when they 're not pulling your leg .
To us that sounds ridiculous .
But let 's face it , our idioms do n't have a leg ( pulled or not ) to stand on either .
They 're just as nonsensical .
And they 're not alone :
To seize the moon by the teeth : attempt the impossible ( French ) .
To reheat cabbage : to rekindle an old flame ( Italian ) .
When the crayfish sings in the mountain : never ( Russian ) .
Cleaner than a frog 's armpit : to be poor , broke ( Spanish ) .
To think one is the last suck of the mango : to be conceited ( South American Spanish ) .
Onions should grow in your navel : a mild insult ( Yiddish ) .
Brew tea from dirt under another 's fingernails : to learn a bitter lesson ( Japanese ) .
Belch smoke from the seven orifices of the head : to be furious ( Chinese ) .
The definition of an idiom is a phrase whose meaning is n't clear from the words in it .
What a bizarrely illogical way to communicate .
There you are hearing someone say " he kicked the " which up to that point could be an ordinary literal expression .
Then the word " bucket " comes along and bang , you have to quickly ( and non-consciously ) substitute the idiomatic meaning .
Idioms are curious turns of phrase that require a sudden turn of meaning .
As well as being illogical , idioms are idiotic .
The words idiom and idiot come from the same root : " idios " which in ancient Greek meant " of one 's own " or " private " .
The original meaning of an idiot was someone not interested in public affairs ( considered a key duty in ancient Athens and perhaps a notion we should revive in modern democracies ) .
Similarly , idioms are a form of private expression .
They are cryptic language puzzles , solvable only if you already know the answer in advance .
Despite being illogical and idiotic , idioms are emerging as being much more important to language than previously thought .
Linguists such as Steven Pinker believe we have as many idioms and stock phrases in our long - term memory as we have words .
Idioms turn out to be a crucial piece of evidence in the heated and ongoing debate about the evolution of language .
Surprisingly , heavyweights like Noam Chomsky believe that language is n't directly a result of natural selection .
They believe it's an accidental byproduct of other evolved changes , like increase in brain size .
Other titans of the field , such as Pinker , believe language is like any other complex faculty and that it was directly selected for .
Chomsky 's view of language evolution , based on his word - centric , rule - driven generative grammar model of language can't explain some of the observable properties of idiom use .
The specifics get quite technical ( it is all about compositionality , what is held in memory and how sentences are constructed ) .
However they are n't too important , the main point is that idioms and other stock expressions are n't peripheral language oddities – they are central to how we communicate .
Getting back to the original question : why on earth do we communicate like this ?
And people everywhere on earth do – all cultures use forms of non-literal language .
The bottom line is that the use of idioms in language is an excellent example of how we are n't built to function only logically .
The scientific evidence now suggests that the way we think , about the way we think , is built on an outdated model .
That reminds me of a wonderful quote from a professional cartoonist who also teaches a university level course on comedy , who said he thought of " humour as a necessary counterweight to the hegemony of reason " .
Much other scientific weight is being added to counter the " hegemony of reason " that we 've lived under since the Enlightenment .
But enough of that – lets get back to the joys of idioms .
What are some of your favourite expressions or idioms , in English or other languages ?
Until this week I was not familiar with qmake and CMake because I am a fairly satisfied user of autotools .
I have not forgotten how strange it was when I first learned it , when there was no decent documentation , but things are much better now .
I feel at home with it and I like how other systems and distros expect the standard “ configure ; make all install ” steps .
I am definitely biased against the use of other build systems .
However , these days I have to deal with code that uses qmake and CMake and I can’t just be stubbornly ignorant .
So I tried an experiment .
I created branches of a little ( but real - world ) project that uses
Qt and an extra library via pkg- config : qlom with qmake , and qlom with cmake .
The master branch uses non-recursive autotools .
I was not impressed .
Please do add comments to correct me .
I ’d particular like patches that make my errors crystal clear and prove that it ’s all much better than I think .
I am capable of admitting error and changing my mind when appropriate .
Bad Documentation .
Weird Syntax
Just like autotools , neither were easy to get started with .
The documentation is fragmented , unclear , and incomplete .
I found qmake easier than CMake , but that ’s probably just because qmake does much less .
Nevertheless , CMake has a real problem with documentation and in general , as a widely - used open - source project , it deserves a better infrastructure .
They both suffer from one major problem shared by autotools :
They have evolved over enough time that Google will happily return out - of - date examples and documentation , making the syntax seem more varied than it really is .
I wish that autotools could force me not to use deprecated syntax .
I do n’t know if qmake and CMake can .
As with autotools there ’s a heavy dose of arbitrariness :
File names : autotools ’s configure.ac and Makefile.am seem more logical than SomeProject.pro ( qmake ) or CMakeLists.txt ( CMake )
Syntax : m4 ( used by autotools ) is a crappy language , but at least it ’s a mature one that ’s used outside of autotools .
I understand the wish to have no dependencies , but “ invent a programming language ” is always a bad design decision .
And autotools do n’t require anything but make when building from a tarball .
qmake and CMake seem to require that they are installed even when building from a tarball .
I would have liked to see Python used because it ’s easily available on all machines that would create source tarballs .
CMake ’s non-case - sensitive function names and keywords are personally annoying to me , because I like code to have a consistent style .
No Respect For pkg-config
I am dismayed that CMake expects people to write code for “ Find ” modules for each library they might use , while having poor support for the generic pkg- config solution .
A project ’s list of dependencies is data , not an excuse to write code .
More code means more problems .
In fact , after several days of trying , I still ca n’t figure out how to use pkg- config with cmake , so my glom_cmake branch is not finished yet .
Most libraries provide the simple .pc files these days .
The autotools PKG_CHECK_MODULES ( ) macro makes it very easy to check for several dependencies at once .
CMake feels too much like the bad old 90s when we suffered fragile copy - paste - hacked config scripts , custom m4 , macros and verbose build files with separate CFLAGS and LIBS variables for each dependency , and inconsistent release - version and API - version checking .
I understand that pkg-config is not popular on Windows or MacOS , and that those are awkward platforms to work with , but :
The real solution to poor dependency information on Windows and MacOS is to encourage the use of pkg- config , so it can fix the problem there like it fixed the problem for Linux .
That ’s entirely possible for the cross- platform libraries that are typically open source .
And pkg-config would be easy to port .
The platform - specific libraries on Windows and MacOs do n’t need any cross-platform support in the build system .
CMake ’s use of scripts just spreads the chaos to Linux instead of keeping things simple on Linux and improving the other platforms too .
No Configure Stage
With qmake , I really miss having a proper configure stage , with the resulting config.h so my code can use ifdefs .
I like seeing a list of documented build options from configure –help , which neither qmake or cmake offer .
CMake can generate a config.h , at least .
However ,
There are no default checks , so you must specify the common stuff always , making the build file more verbose .
You ca n’t just generate the config.h. in , as you can with autoheader when using autotools .
There ’s no reason to specify the defines in both CMakeFiles.txt/configure.ac and config.h.in.
Arbitrarily , the config.h. in uses “ # cmakedefine SOMETHING 1 ” instead of #undef SOMETHING as in autotools ( now deprecated , unnecessary ) config.h. in files .
For anything other than booleans , there ’s an undocumented syntax such as #cmakedefine “ @PACKAGE_NAME@ ” .
Install is an Afterthought
Both CMake and qmake require explicit extra syntax to actually install the built executable .
With autotools you get this for free when using the regular bin_PROGRAMS to specify the executable name , though libraries do need more explicit instructions to install the correct headers in the correct place .
With qmake , this typically means that paths are hard - coded in the build files .
That way lies pain .
With CMake , it ’s easier , but you have to do “ make - DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/opt/mystuff ” instead of autotool ’s simpler ./ configure –prefix=/opt/mystuff.
autotools lists that option via “ configure –help ” .
Also , qmake and CMake have no make distcheck for making source tarball releases .
This makes sense slightly because CMake ( and maybe qmake ) aim to support Windows , Mac , and Linux equally , and Windows has no real convention for installation of built - from - source binaries .
CMake ( and maybe qmake ) generate convenient Visual Studio and X - Code project files , for instance .
But the end results it that Linux and Linux conventions are not fully supported , so they feel like major regressions compared to autotools .
( note : removed my nonsense with the TODO about the location of .o files . )
Summary
In summary , I think :
qmake would only be used by Trolltech ( now called Qt Development Frameworks ) for their own projects , out of habit , or by users of Qt who are so unaware of other systems that they would just do whatever Qt ’s developers recommend .
for their own projects , out of habit , or by users of Qt who are so unaware of other systems that they would just do whatever Qt ’s developers recommend .
CMake is n’t simpler , so it does n’t solve autotool ’s steep learning curve .
It makes many thinks worse than autotools and its documentation is disconcertingly vague and incomplete .
It ’s cross- platform dependency checking adds complication without solving the real problem .
The best CMake experience is probably with a large monolithic project rather than a large dependency tree of modules .
But I like modularity and reuse .
I understand the wish to support Windows and Mac- specific build systems such as Visual Studio and X - Code .
I just do n’t like how qmake and cmake do that , and for me it ’s not worth making things worse on Linux .
Still , I ’ll have to use these in some existing projects , so I ’m glad that I ’m more familiar with them now .
Like millions of others , I grew up on the Star Wars movies .
I remember being taken by my dad to see The Empire Strikes Back at the cinema when I was about seven years old and falling into rapture as I witnessed the spectacularly vivid , hugely ambitious vision on the big screen .
As a child , it had far more verity for me than my own everyday surroundings , which seemed pretty humdrum when compared to all those epic battles across the vast distances of space .
There have been some great movies on a similar tip over the past 10 years or so which have sent the hairs on the back of my neck pointing outwards in much the way Empire did , but the most recent Star Wars films were not among them .
Right up until the end , I held out a little hope that some of the magic of the earlier trilogy might be rediscovered by George Lucas and his team as they ploughed their way through a second triptych in workmanlike fashion .
But around six months after Revenge of the Sith had been released , I finally had to admit to myself that the three later films should never have been made .
Since then , matters have spiralled into even more of a fug at Lucasfilm , with the most recent Star Wars big - screen venture , a teaser for the new animated series , meeting with critical and commercial apathy .
This from a series which stands as one of the highest - grossing of all time , behind only Harry Potter and James Bond .
A live - action TV show is also on the way , anticipation for which is not exactly at fever pitch .
Meanwhile , Star Trek , always Star Wars 's nerdier , cheaper sibling , has emerged with a new fire in its belly following JJ Abrams 's enormously successful reboot .
It therefore strikes me that right now might not be quite the apposite moment to start planning an all - new trilogy of Star Wars films .
But that is exactly what the Marketsaw blog says is happening at Lucas HQ .
" I have been hearing rumblings ... extremely quiet at first , but now heating up significantly and from a trusted source – that George Lucas is preparing to unleash another Star Wars trilogy upon us , this time in stereoscopic 3D , " squeals the site 's editor .
" This is not the TV series , these are brand spankin ' new 3D Star Wars movies . "
Marketsaw goes on to suggest that the films might be directed by such Hollywood luminaries as Steven Spielberg and Francis Ford Coppola rather than Lucas .
It also contends that the existence of the new movies depends almost entirely on the success of James Cameron 's forthcoming Avatar , the science fiction 3D megalith that arrives in December .
Now if this story is true , it would be the scoop of Marketsaw 's young life .
Naturally , then , many of the other more established US movie blogs have spent a fair bit of time doing their best to pooh - pooh it .
Ai n't It Cool News went so far as to contact Lucasfilm , which predictably said that it is not considering future Star Wars live - action films .
That statement does not preclude the possibility , however slight , that the story is true .
Lucas has already shown that he is more than happy to pillage his own past successes in the name of future profit , time and time again .
Ultimately , he has a business to run , employees to pay , and Star Wars is by far his greatest asset .
Put it this way , if you were Lucas 's bank manager , you 'd probably be fairly astounded at the idea that there might not be future Star Wars movies .
Putting aside the matter of the Marketsaw report 's truthfulness ( and I accept that 's a pretty big ask ) , the interesting question here is how Star Wars might be made great again .
If a new series was filmed , should it take the form of a remake , or a completely new trilogy of stories , perhaps based in a different era of the saga 's invented history ?
The latter seems to me to be the best course of action : there is simply no way to better the earlier films , and even Lucas would surely not be fool enough to attempt such a feat .
It goes without saying that the series creator would really be better off waiting at least a decade or two before embarking on any new big - screen venture , but if Star Wars must come back now , it 's vital that younger directors with fresh ideas be appointed .
Though no spring chicken these days , I 'd pay good money to see a Peter Jackson - directed trilogy .
Ditto one by Abrams , or even Joss Whedon , who did a great job on the similarly themed Serenity .
The Dark Knight 's Christopher Nolan is interested in science fiction – his forthcoming film Inception is set to venture into the genre , and he knows how to craft a series that 's classy and meaningful , without losing the blockbuster clout .
But Coppola ?
This surely has to be a joke ?
The 70 - year - old director has regularly describes himself as being on a belated journey into art - house territory , the sort of films he apparently wanted to make before The Godfather .
Most importantly , for a new Star Wars series to be successful , Lucas would have to let go of it altogether from a creative standpoint .
Yes George , we know it 's your baby , but you really have done your utmost to kill off everything that was ever special about it .
So if you must insist on bringing it back , you might want to consider taking a nice long holiday somewhere that does n't have a telephone or internet access while someone else gets on with the job .
Because that , to my mind , is the only way that anybody might risk setting foot in a cinema showing a new Star Wars film , again .
Cheryl Hall Dallas Morning News
The Palisades Water Index is 30 stocks all traded on U.S. exchanges , including water utility , treatment , infrastructure and resource management companies .
Steve Hoffmann wants you to invest in “ blue gold , ” make a profit and help save mankind in the process .
He ’s talking about water , H2O , the oil of the 21st century .
And the 54 - year - old resource economist and investment fund manager has written a 303 - page primer about just how to do that .
Hoffmann thinks “ Planet Water : Investing in the World ’s Most Valuable Resource ” ( John Wiley & Sons , 2009 ) is every bit as compelling as any business book on the market today .
“ The global condition of our water resources has never been in more peril , nor have the investment opportunities ever been greater , ” Hoffmann says .
Why ?
There is no substitute for pure , life - sustaining water , and it ’s getting harder to get by the day , Hoffmann says .
Sure , there ’s an abundance of water .
That ’s why Earth is known as the Blue Planet .
But there are serious disconnects :
Most water is n’t drinkable or is n’t accessible in sufficient quantities to major population centers .
Some big cities – including Shanghai ; Mumbai , India ; and Lagos , Nigeria – already face monumental challenges of matching explosive population growth with limited water supply .
Droughts , storms and contamination create massive disruptions .
There ’s money to be made in fixing all this , Hoffman says .
He wrestled with the idea of profiting from a worldwide predicament but concluded that clean water for all depends on private investment in technology and infrastructure .
“ It just is n’t going to happen without it , ” Hoffmann says .
Kevin Commins , executive editor of John Wiley , agrees .
“ We felt a book alerting investors to those opportunities would sell well .
Steve ’s background in the water industry and the investment industry made him an ideal author for the book . ”
While sales of “ Planet Water ” have n’t exactly created a tsunami , Commins says the book is catching on .
It was named one of the top investment books of 2009 by Stock Trader ’s Almanac .
You see , nobody knows water quite like Hydro Steve .
Hoffmann earned his master ’s degree in resource economics with a focus on water from the University of North Texas in 1986 .
His 25 - year career has included everything from academics to private - equity funding .
But most impressively , Hoffmann is the architect of the first water - based exchange - traded fund , which was created in 2005 .
ETFs bundle stocks with defined similarities so that investors can be diversified within a category or industry .
In this case , his index , Palisades Water Index , is 30 stocks , all traded on U.S. exchanges , including water utility , treatment , infrastructure and resource management companies .
PHO , which is licensed and tracked by Invesco PowerShares , is now a $ 1.5 billion ETF .
Hoffmann ’s second fund , Palisades Global Water Index , with an international slant , was launched by PowerShares in mid-2008 and is now a $ 500 million ETF .
Together , his indexes bring in several million dollars in annual license fees to Hoffmann ’s company , Palisades Water Index Associates LLC in Plano , Texas .
“ Ours are considered the benchmarks of the water industry , ” he says .
Hoffmann pushes ETFs as a good way for individuals to invest in water .
“ It ’s the third - largest industry in the world , yet it is extremely fragmented and diverse , ” he says .
“ So it is difficult to identify even a dozen stocks that you could invest in .
It makes far more sense to take a market - basket approach . ”
Tom Lydon , editor of ETF Trends , a Web site dedicated to ETF news and market trends , agrees with Hoffmann .
While Lydon admits to being ETF - biased , he says he has cause : ETFs are highly transparent so you know what you ’re getting , he says , and the expenses are much lower than a typical mutual fund .
You also get diversity within a sector .
“ The profitability aspect is something else , ” he says .
“ One could argue that , ‘ Gee , the technology sector is so much more profitable and proven now compared to the water industry and water - related ETFs . ’
However , if you feel supply and demand is going to get more attention , you may be a little early , but from a long - term stance , it may make some sense . ”
So how have Hoffmann ’s water indexes performed ?
PHO , a high - flying ETF in the boom times , took a severe hit along with the rest of the market , Hoffmann says , but has recouped about 70 percent of that sell - off .
His second index is back nearly 90 percent from its low .
Turns out pushing clean water is a bit like advocating investments in clean energy .
There are fluctuations .
So does Hoffmann feel like the T. Boone Pickens of H2O ?
“ I do .
I really do , ” Hoffmann said .
“ You have to remember with water , there are no substitutes .
Time is a little more of the essence . ”
Buddhism or 汉传 ( fójiào ) was first brought to China from India by missionaries and traders along the Silk Road that connected China with Europe in the late Han Dynasty ( 202 BC - 220 AD ) .
By then , Indian Buddhism was already over 500 years old , but the faith did n't begin to flourish in China until the decline of the Han Dynasty and an end to its strict Confucian beliefs .
Buddhist Beliefs
Within the Buddhist philosophy grew two main divisions .
There were those that followed the traditional Theravada Buddhism , which involves strict meditation and a closer reading of the original teachings of Buddha .
Theravada Buddhism is prominent in Sri Lanka and most of Southeast Asia .
The Buddhism that took hold in China was Mahayana Buddhism , which includes various forms such as Zen Buddhism , Pure Land Buddhism , and Tibetan Buddhism - also known as Lamaism .
Mahayana Buddhists believe in the broader appeal to Buddha 's teachings compared to the more abstract philosophical questions posed in Theravada Buddhism .
Mahayana Buddhists also accept contemporary buddhas like Amitabha , which Theravada Buddhists do n't .
Buddhism was able to directly address the concept of human suffering .
This had wide appeal for the Chinese , who were dealing with the chaos and disunity of warring states vying for control after the fall of the Han .
Many ethnic minorities in China also adopted Buddhism .
Competition with Daoism
When first introduced , Buddhism faced competition from followers of Daoism .
While Daoism ( also called Taoism ) is as old as Buddhism , Daoism was indigenous to China .
Daoists do not view life as suffering .
They believe in an ordered society and strict morality .
But they also hold strong mystical beliefs such as ultimate transformation , where the soul lives after death and travels to the world of the immortals .
Because the two beliefs were so competitive , many teachers from both sides borrowed from the other .
Today many Chinese believe in elements from both schools of thought .
Buddhism as a State Religion
Buddhism 's popularity led to the quick conversion to Buddhism by later Chinese rulers .
The subsequent Sui and Tang Dynasties all adopted Buddhism as their religion .
The religion was also used by foreign rulers of China , such as the Yuan Dynasty and the Manchus , to connect with the Chinese and justify their rule .
The Manchus strived to draw a parallel between Buddhism .
a foreign religion , and their own reign as foreign leaders .
Contemporary Buddhism
Despite China 's shift to atheism after the Communists took control of China in 1949 , Buddhism continued to grow in China , especially after the economic reforms in the 1980s .
Today there are an estimated ​ 244 million followers of Buddhism in China , according to the Pew Research Center , and over 20,000 Buddhist temples .
It is the largest religion in China .
Its followers vary by ethnic group .
An amendment to allow states to pursue single - payer health care without incurring insurance - industry lawsuits was stripped from the House bill , Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) said Thursday , adding that it would break President Obama 's commitment to people keeping their current insurance plan if they like it .
She also said that she had yet to decide whether to allow a vote on a separate amendment from Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - N.Y. ) that would replace the entire health care bill with a single - payer system .
" We are probably going to be addressing some of those issues in the next 24 hours , " she told HuffPost .
The amendment to allow states to individually implement single - payer was sponsored by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) and passed the Education and Labor Committee 's version of the health care bill .
There were shenanigans involved , with Republicans joining Kucinich not because they supported the bill but because they wanted to create mischief .
( Asked about the GOP position , Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind . ) said that the party 's opposition to single - payer health care trumps its support of states ' rights . )
" The three chairmen blended the bills ; that was in one of the bills .
And in the harmonizing of the legislation , the decision was made not to go forward with that , " Pelosi said of the Kucinich amendment .
The Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce Committees also passed versions of the health care bill .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Kucinich tells HuffPost that his amendment was scored by the Congressional Budget Office and that it is deficit neutral .
The amendment would prevent insurers from suing states after they enact single - payer .
Pelosi said , however , that it was unclear what the overall effect of it would be .
It 's hard to know , of course , whether and when states would enact single - payer systems .
" All of our decisions are based on what we have to be answerable for in terms of the Congressional Budget Office , about what the cost will be , " she said .
" And what does that mean ?
What does it mean to Medicare ?
What does it mean to others :
If you like what you have now , you can keep it .
The President made that commitment and our legislation honors that commitment . "
The Balloon Hoax
by Edgar Allan Poe
( published 1844 )
Print Version
NOTES :
The following story appeared in the New York Sun in 1844 .
Although it looked like a real story , it was completely ficticious , created entirely from Poe 's imagination .
The story caused such excitement that a huge crowd gathered in front of the New York Sun office , all trying to buy copies of the paper .
Keep in mind that no one flew anything over the Atlantic for another 75 years .
Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin built the first zeppelin airship in 1900 .
The Wright Brothers made their first successful airplane flight in 1903 .
British aviators Alcock and Brown made the first nonstop airplane flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1919 .
Dr. Hugo Eckener made the first transatlantic flight in a zeppelin , in 1924 .
Charles Lindbergh made his famous solo flight in 1927 .
The first non-powered , human - carrying balloon to actually cross the Atlantic Ocean was " Double Eagle II " , in 1978 .
The balloon attained an altitude of nearly 25,000 feet , just as Poe described .
The trip took 6 days .
SUN OFFICE
April 13 , 10 o'clock A.M.
==================================
ASTOUNDING
NEWS !
BY EXPRESS VIA NORFOLK :
---------------
THE
ATLANTIC CROSSED
IN
THREE DAYS !
---------------
SIGNAL TRIUMPH
OF
MR. MONCK MASON'S
FLYING
MACHINE !!!
---------------
Arrival at Sullivan 's Island ,
near Charlestown , S. C. , of
Mr. Mason , Mr. Robert Hol-
land , Mr. Henson , Mr. Har -
rison Ainsworth , and four
others , in the mm .
STEERING BALLOON
" VICTORIA , "
AFTER A PASSAGE OF
SEVENTY -FIVE HOURS
FROM LAND TO LAND .
---------------
FULL PARTICULARS
OF THE
VOYAGE !!!
---------------
The great problem is at length solved .
The air , as well as the earth and the ocean , has been subdued by science , and will become a common and convenient highway for mankind .
The Atlantic has been actually crossed in a Balloon ; and this too without difficulty -- without any great apparent danger -- with thorough control of the machine -- and in the inconceivably brief period of seventy - five hours from shore to shore !
By the energy of an agent at Charleston , S.C. , we are enabled to be the first to furnish the public with a detailed account of this most extraordinary voyage , which was performed between Saturday , the 6th instant , at 11 , A.M. , and 2 , P.M. , on Tuesday the 9th inst . : by Sir Everard Bringhurst ; Mr. Osborne , a nephew of Lord Bentinck's ; Mr. Monck Mason and Mr. Robert Holland , the well - known aeronauts ; Mr. Harrison Ainsworth , author of " Jack Sheppard , " &c. ; and Mr. Henson , the projector of the late unsuccessful flying machine -- with two seamen from Woolwich -- in all , eight persons .
The particulars furnished below may be relied on as authentic and accurate in every respect , as , with slight exception , they are copied verbatim from the joint diaries of Mr. Monck Mason and Mr. Harrison Ainsworth , to whose politeness our agent is also indebted for much verbal information respecting the balloon itself , its construction , and other matters of interest .
The only alteration in the MS .
received , has been made for the purpose of throwing the hurried account of our agent , Mr. Forsyth , into a connected and intelligible form .
THE BALLOON .
Two very decided failures , of late -- those of Mr. Henson and Sir George Cayley -- had much weakened the public interest in the subject of aerial navigation .
Mr. Henson 's scheme ( which at first was considered very feasible even by men of science , ) was founded upon the principle of an inclined plane , started from an eminence by an extrinsic force , applied and continued by the revolution of impinging vanes , in form and number resembling the vanes of a windmill .
But , in all the experiments made with models at the Adelaide Gallery , it was found that the operation of these fans not only did not propel the machine , but actually impeded its flight .
The only propelling force it ever exhibited , was the mere impetus acquired from the descent of the inclined plane ; and this impetus carried the machine farther when the vanes were at rest , than when they were in motion -- a fact which sufficiently demonstrates their inutility ; and in the absence of the propelling , which was also the sustaining power , the whole fabric would necessarily descend .
This consideration led Sir George Cayley to think only of adapting a propeller to some machine having of itself an independent power of support -- in a word , to a balloon ; the idea , however , being novel , or original , with Sir George , only so far as regards the mode of its application to practice .
He exhibited a model of his invention at the Polytechnic Institution .
The propelling principle , or power , was here , also , applied to interrupted surfaces , or vanes , put in revolution .
These vanes were four in number , but were found entirely ineffectual in moving the balloon , or in aiding its ascending power .
The whole project was thus a complete failure .
It was at this juncture that Mr. Monck Mason ( whose voyage from Dover to Weilburg in the balloon , " Nassau " , occasioned so much excitement in 1837 , ) conceived the idea of employing the principle of the Archimedean screw for the purpose of propulsion through the air -- rightly attributing the failure of Mr. Henson 's scheme , and of Sir George Cayley 's , to the interruption of surface in the independent vanes .
He made the first public experiment at Willis 's Rooms , but afterward removed his model to the Adelaide Gallery .
Like Sir George Cayley 's balloon , his own was an ellipsoid .
Its length was 13 feet 6 inches -- height , 6 feet 8 inches .
It contained about 320 cubic feet of gas , which , if pure hydrogen , would support 21 pounds upon its first inflation , before the gas has time to deteriorate or escape .
The weight of the whole machine and apparatus was 17 pounds -- leaving about 4 pounds to spare .
Beneath the centre of the balloon , was a frame of light wood , about 9 feet long , and rigged on to the balloon itself with a network in the customary manner .
From this framework was suspended a wicker basket or car .
The mode of arrangement of the rudder and of the Archimedean screw , will be best shown in the annexed engraving , which we have kindly been permitted to use .
THE MODEL OF THE VICTORIA .
The screw consists of an axis of hollow brass tube , 18 inches in length , through which , upon a semi-spiral inclined at 15 degrees , pass a series of steel wire radii , 2 feet long , and thus projecting a foot on either side .
These radii are connected at the outer extremities by 2 bands of flattened wire -- the whole in this manner forming the framework of the screw , which is completed by a covering of oiled silk cut into gores , and tightened so as to present a tolerably uniform surface .
At each end of its axis this screw is supported by pillars of hollow brass tube descending from the hoop .
In the lower ends of these tubes are holes in which the pivots of the axis revolve .
From the end of the axis which is next the car , proceeds a shaft of steel , connecting the screw with the pinion of a piece of spring machinery fixed in the car .
By the operation of this spring , the screw is made to revolve with great rapidity , communicating a progressive motion to the whole .
By means of the rudder , the machine was readily turned in any direction .
The spring was of great power , compared with its dimensions , being capable of raising 45 pounds upon a barrel of 4 inches diameter , after the first turn , and gradually increasing as it was wound up .
It weighed , altogether , eight pounds six ounces .
The rudder was a light frame of cane covered with silk , shaped somewhat like a battledoor , and was about 3 feet long , and at the widest , one foot .
Its weight was about 2 ounces .
It could be turned flat , and directed upwards or downwards , as well as to the right or left ; and thus enabled the aeronaut to transfer the resistance of the air which in an inclined position it must generate in its passage , to any side upon which he might desire to act ; thus determining the balloon in the opposite direction .
This model ( which , through want of time , we have necessarily described in an imperfect manner , ) was put in action at the Adelaide Gallery , where it accomplished a velocity of 5 miles per hour ; although , strange to say , it excited very little interest in comparison with the previous complex machine of Mr. Henson -- so resolute is the world to despise anything which carries with it an air of simplicity .
To accomplish the great desideratum of aerial navigation , it was very generally supposed that some exceedingly complicated application must be made of some unusually profound principle in dynamics .
So well satisfied , however , was Mr. Mason of the ultimate success of his invention , that he determined to construct immediately , if possible , a balloon of sufficient capacity to test the question by a voyage of some extent -- the original design being to cross the British Channel , as before , in the Nassau balloon .
To carry out his views , he solicited and obtained the patronage of Sir Everard Bringhurst and Mr. Osborne , two gentlemen well known for scientific acquirement , and especially for the interest they have exhibited in the progress of aerostation .
The project , at the desire of Mr. Osborne , was kept a profound secret from the public -- the only persons entrusted with the design being those actually engaged in the construction of the machine , which was built ( under the superintendence of Mr. Mason , Mr. Holland , Sir Everard Bringhurst , and Mr. Osborne , ) at the seat of the latter gentleman near Penstruthal , in Wales .
Mr. Henson , accompanied by his friend Mr. Ainsworth , was admitted to a private view of the balloon , on Saturday last -- when the two gentlemen made final arrangements to be included in the adventure .
We are not informed for what reason the two seamen were also included in the party -- but , in the course of a day or two , we shall put our readers in possession of the minutest particulars respecting this extraordinary voyage .
The balloon ( an ellipsoid as represented in our engraving of the model ) is composed of silk , varnished with the liquid gum caoutchouc .
It is of vast dimensions , containing more than 40,000 cubic feet of gas ; but as coal gas was employed in place of the more expensive and inconvenient hydrogen , the supporting power of the machine , when fully inflated , and immediately after inflation , is not more than about 2500 pounds .
The coal gas is not only much less costly , but is easily procured and managed .
For its introduction into common use for purposes of aerostation , we are indebted to Mr. Charles Green .
Up to his discovery , the process of inflation was not only exceedingly expensive , but uncertain .
Two , and even three days , have frequently been wasted in futile attempts to procure a sufficiency of hydrogen to fill a balloon , from which it had great tendency to escape , owing to its extreme subtlety , and its affinity for the surrounding atmosphere .
In a balloon sufficiently perfect to retain its contents of coal - gas unaltered , in quantity or amount , for six months , an equal quantity of hydrogen could not be maintained in equal purity for six weeks .
The supporting power being estimated at 2500 pounds , and the united weights of the party amounting only to about 1200 , there was left a surplus of 1300 , of which again 1200 was exhausted by ballast , arranged in bags of different sizes , with their respective weights marked upon them -- by cordage , barometers , telescopes , barrels containing provision for a fortnight , water - casks , cloaks , carpet - bags , and various other indispensable matters , including a coffee - warmer , contrived for warming coffee by means of slack - lime , so as to dispense altogether with fire , if it should be judged prudent to do so .
All these articles , with the exception of the ballast , and a few trifles , were suspended from the hoop overhead .
The car is much smaller and lighter , in proportion , than the one appended to the model .
It is formed of a light wicker , and is wonderfully strong , for so frail looking a machine .
Its rim is about 4 feet deep .
The rudder is also very much larger , in proportion , than that of the model ; and the screw is considerably smaller .
The balloon is furnished besides with a grapnel , and a guide - rope ; which latter is of the most indispensable importance .
A few words , in explanation , will here be necessary for such of our readers as are not conversant with the details of aerostation .
As soon as the balloon quits the earth , it is subjected to the influence of many circumstances tending to create a difference in its weight ; augmenting or diminishing its ascending power .
For example , there may be a deposition of dew upon the silk , to the extent , even , of several hundred pounds ; ballast has then to be thrown out , or the machine may descend .
This ballast being discarded , and a clear sunshine evaporating the dew , and at the same time expanding the gas in the silk , the whole will again rapidly ascend .
To check this ascent , the only recourse is , ( or rather was , until Mr. Green 's invention of the guide - rope , ) the permission of the escape of gas from the valve ; but , in the loss of gas , is a proportionate general loss of ascending power ; so that , in a comparatively brief period , the best - constructed balloon must necessarily exhaust all its resources , and come to the earth .
This was the great obstacle to voyages of length .
The guide - rope remedies the difficulty in the simplest manner conceivable .
It is merely a very long rope which is suffered to trail from the car , and the effect of which is to prevent the balloon from changing its level in any material degree .
If , for example , there should be a deposition of moisture upon the silk , and the machine begins to descend in consequence , there will be no necessity for discharging ballast to remedy the increase of weight , for it is remedied , or counteracted , in an exactly just proportion , by the deposit on the ground of just so much of the end of the rope as is necessary .
If , on the other hand , any circumstances should cause undue levity , and consequent ascent , this levity is immediately counteracted by the additional weight of rope upraised from the earth .
Thus , the balloon can neither ascend or descend , except within very narrow limits , and its resources , either in gas or ballast , remain comparatively unimpaired .
When passing over an expanse of water , it becomes necessary to employ small kegs of copper or wood , filled with liquid ballast of a lighter nature than water .
These float , and serve all the purposes of the mere rope on land .
Another most important office of the guide - rope , is to point out the direction of the balloon .
The rope drags , either on land or sea , while the balloon is free ; the latter , consequently , is always in advance , when any progress whatever is made : a comparison , therefore , by means of the compass , of the relative positions of two objects , will always indicate the course .
In the same way , the angle formed by the rope with the vertical axis of the machine , indicates the velocity .
When there is no angle -- in other words , when the rope hangs perpendicularly , the whole apparatus is stationary ; but the larger the angle , that is to say , the farther the balloon precedes the end of the rope , the greater the velocity ; and the converse .
As the original design was to cross the British Channel , and alight as near Paris as possible , the voyagers had taken the precaution to prepare themselves with passports directed to all parts of the Continent , specifying the nature of the expedition , as in the case of the Nassau voyage , and entitling the adventurers to exemption from the usual formalities of office : unexpected events , however , rendered these passports superfluous .
The inflation was commenced very quietly at daybreak , on Saturday morning , the 6th instant , in the Court - Yard of Weal - Vor House , Mr. Osborne 's seat , about a mile from Penstruthal , in North Wales ; and at 7 minutes past 11 , every thing being ready for departure , the balloon was set free , rising gently but steadily , in a direction nearly South ; no use being made , for the first half hour , of either the screw or the rudder .
We proceed now with the journal , as transcribed by Mr. Forsyth from the joint MSS . of Mr. Monck Mason , and Mr. Ainsworth .
The body of the journal , as given , is in the hand - writing of Mr. Mason , and a P. S. is appended , each day , by Mr. Ainsworth , who has in preparation , and will shortly give the public a more minute , and no doubt , a thrillingly interesting account of the voyage .
THE JOURNAL .
Saturday , April the 6th . --
Every preparation likely to embarrass us , having been made over night , we commenced the inflation this morning at daybreak ; but owing to a thick fog , which encumbered the folds of the silk and rendered it unmanageable , we did not get through before nearly eleven o'clock .
Cut loose , then , in high spirits , and rose gently but steadily , with a light breeze at North , which bore us in the direction of the Bristol Channel .
Found the ascending force greater than we had expected ; and as we arose higher and so got clear of the cliffs , and more in the sun 's rays , our ascent became very rapid .
I did not wish , however , to lose gas at so early a period of the adventure , and so concluded to ascend for the present .
We soon ran out our guide - rope ; but even when we had raised it clear of the earth , we still went up very rapidly .
The balloon was unusually steady , and looked beautifully .
In about 10 minutes after starting , the barometer indicated an altitude of 15,000 feet .
The weather was remarkably fine , and the view of the subjacent country -- a most romantic one when seen from any point , -- was now especially sublime .
The numerous deep gorges presented the appearance of lakes , on account of the dense vapors with which they were filled , and the pinnacles and crags to the South East , piled in inextricable confusion , resembling nothing so much as the giant cities of eastern fable .
We were rapidly approaching the mountains in the South ; but our elevation was more than sufficient to enable us to pass them in safety .
In a few minutes we soared over them in fine style ; and Mr. Ainsworth , with the seamen , was surprised at their apparent want of altitude when viewed from the car , the tendency of great elevation in a balloon being to reduce inequalities of the surface below , to nearly a dead level .
At half - past eleven still proceeding nearly South , we obtained our first view of the Bristol Channel ; and , in fifteen minutes afterward , the line of breakers on the coast appeared immediately beneath us , and we were fairly out at sea .
We now resolved to let off enough gas to bring our guide - rope , with the buoys affixed , into the water .
This was immediately done , and we commenced a gradual descent .
In about 20 minutes our first buoy dipped , and at the touch of the second soon afterwards , we remained stationary as to elevation .
We were all now anxious to test the efficiency of the rudder and screw , and we put them both into requisition forthwith , for the purpose of altering our direction more to the eastward , and in a line for Paris .
By means of the rudder we instantly effected the necessary change of direction , and our course was brought nearly at right angles to that of the wind ; when we set in motion the spring of the screw , and were rejoiced to find it propel us readily as desired .
Upon this we gave nine hearty cheers , and dropped in the sea a bottle , enclosing a slip of parchment with a brief account of the principle of the invention .
Hardly , however , had we done with our rejoicings , when an unforeseen accident occurred which discouraged us in no little degree .
The steel rod connecting the spring with the propeller was suddenly jerked out of place , at the car end , ( by a swaying of the car through some movement of one of the two seamen we had taken up , ) and in an instant hung dangling out of reach , from the pivot of the axis of the screw .
While we were endeavoring to regain it , our attention being completely absorbed , we became involved in a strong current of wind from the East , which bore us , with rapidly increasing force , towards the Atlantic .
We soon found ourselves driving out to sea at the rate of not less , certainly , than 50 or 60 miles an hour , so that we came up with Cape Clear , at some 40 miles to our North , before we had secured the rod , and had time to think what we were about .
It was now that Mr. Ainsworth made an extraordinary , but to my fancy , a by no means unreasonable or chimerical proposition , in which he was instantly seconded by Mr. Holland -- viz . : that we should take advantage of the strong gale which bore us on , and in place of beating back to Paris , make an attempt to reach the coast of North America .
After slight reflection I gave a willing assent to this bold proposition , which ( strange to say ) met with objection from the two seamen only .
As the stronger party , however , we overruled their fears , and kept resolutely upon our course .
We steered due West ; but as the trailing of the buoys materially impeded our progress , and we had the balloon abundantly at command , either for ascent or descent , we first threw out fifty pounds of ballast , and then wound up ( by means of a windlass ) so much of the rope as brought it quite clear of the sea .
We perceived the effect of this manoeuvre immediately , in a vastly increased rate of progress and , as the gale freshened , we flew with a velocity nearly inconceivable ; the ide - rope flying out behind the car , like a streamer from a vessel .
It is needless to say that a very short time sufficed us to lose sight of the coast .
We passed over innumerable vessels of all kinds , a few of which were endeavoring to beat up , but the most of them lying to .
We occasioned the greatest excitement on board all -- an excitement greatly relished by ourselves , and especially by our two men , who , now under the influence of a dram of Geneva , seemed resolved to give all scruple , or fear , to the wind .
Many of the vessels fired signal guns ; some displayed flags and in all we were saluted with loud cheers ( which we heard with surprising distinctness ) and the waving of caps and handkerchiefs .
We kept on in this manner throughout the day , with no material incident , and , as the shades of night closed around us , we made a rough estimate of the distance traversed .
It could not have been less than 500 miles , and was probably much more .
The propeller was kept in constant operation , and , no doubt , aided our progress materially .
As the sun went down , the gale freshened into an absolute hurricane , and the ocean beneath was clearly visible on account of its phosphorescence .
The wind was from the East all night , and gave us the brightest omen of success .
We suffered no little from cold , and the dampness of the atmosphere was most unpleasant ; but the ample space in the car enabled us to lie down , and by means of cloaks and a few blankets , we did sufficiently well .
P.S. ( by Mr. Ainsworth . )
The last nine hours have been unquestionably the most exciting of my life .
I can conceive nothing more sublimating than the strange peril and novelty of an adventure such as this .
May
God grant that we succeed !
I ask not success for mere safety to my insignificant person , but for the sake of human knowledge and -- for the vastness of the triumph .
And yet the feat is only so evidently feasible that the sole wonder is why men have scrupled to attempt it before .
One single gale such as now befriends us -- let such a tempest whirl forward a balloon for 4 or 5 days ( these gales often last longer ) and the voyager will be easily borne , in that period , from coast to coast .
In view of such a gale the broad Atlantic becomes a mere lake .
I am more struck , just now , with the supreme silence which reigns in the sea beneath us , notwithstanding its agitation , than with any other phenomenon presenting itself .
The waters give up no voice to the heavens .
The immense flaming ocean writhes and is tortured uncomplainingly .
The mountainous surges suggest the idea of innumerable dumb gigantic fiends struggling in impotent agony .
In a night such as is this to me , a man lives -- lives a whole century of ordinary life -- nor would I forego this rapturous delight for that of a whole century of ordinary existence .
Sunday , the seventh .
[ Mr. Mason's MS . ]
This morning the gale , by 10 , had subsided to an eight or nine -- knot breeze , ( for a vessel at sea , ) and bears us , perhaps , 30 miles per hour , or more .
It has veered , however , very considerably to the north ; and now , at sundown , we are holding our course due west , principally by the screw and rudder , which answer their purposes to admiration .
I regard the project as thoroughly successful , and the easy navigation of the air in any direction ( not exactly in the teeth of a gale ) as no longer problematical .
We could not have made head against the strong wind of yesterday ; but , by ascending , we might have got out of its influence , if requisite .
Against a pretty stiff breeze , I feel convinced , we can make our way with the propeller .
At noon , to - day , ascended to an elevation of nearly 25,000 feet ( about the height of Cotopaxi ) , by discharging ballast .
Did this to search for a more direct current , but found none so favorable as the one we are now in .
We have an abundance of gas to take us across this small pond , even should the voyage last 3 weeks .
I have not the slightest fear for the result .
The difficulty has been strangely exaggerated and misapprehended .
I can choose my current , and should I find all currents against me , I can make very tolerable headway with the propeller .
We have had no incidents worth recording .
The night promises fair .
P.S. [ By Mr. Ainsworth . ]
I have little to record , except the fact ( to me quite a surprising one ) that , at an elevation equal to that of Cotopaxi , I experienced neither very intense cold , nor headache , nor difficulty of breathing ; neither , I find , did Mr. Mason , nor Mr. Holland , nor Sir Everard .
Mr. Osborne complained of constriction of the chest -- but this soon wore off .
We have flown at a great rate during the day , and we must be more than half way across the Atlantic .
We have passed over some 20 or 30 vessels of various kinds , and all seem to be delightfully astonished .
Crossing the ocean in a balloon is not so difficult a feat after all .
Omne ignotum pro magnifico .
Mem : at 25,000 feet elevation the sky appears nearly black , and the stars are distinctly visible ; while the sea does not seem convex ( as one might suppose ) but absolutely and most unequivocally concave .*
Monday , the 8th .
[ Mr. Mason's MS . ]
This morning we had again some little trouble with the rod of the propeller , which must be entirely remodelled , for fear of serious accident -- I mean the steel rod -- not the vanes .
The latter could not be improved .
The wind has been blowing steadily and strongly from the north - east all day and so far fortune seems bent upon favoring us .
Just before day , we were all somewhat alarmed at some odd noises and concussions in the balloon , accompanied with the apparent rapid subsidence of the whole machine .
These phenomena were occasioned by the expansion of the gas , through increase of heat in the atmosphere , and the consequent disruption of the minute particles of ice with which the network had become encrusted during the night .
Threw down several bottles to the vessels below .
Saw one of them picked up by a large ship -- seemingly one of the New York line packets .
Endeavored to make out her name , but could not be sure of it .
Mr. Osbornes telescope made it out something like " Atalanta . "
It is now 12 , at night , and we are still going nearly west , at a rapid pace .
The sea is peculiarly phosphorescent .
P.S. [ By Mr. Ainsworth . ]
It is now 2 , A.M. , and nearly calm , as well as I can judge -- but it is very difficult to determine this point , since we move with the air so completely .
The vanes are working admirably .
I have not slept since quitting Wheal - Vor , but can stand it no longer , and must take a nap .
We can not be far from the American coast .
Tuesday , the 9th .
[ Mr. Ainsworth 's MS . ]
One , P.M.
We are in full view of the low coast of South Carolina .
The great problem is accomplished .
We have crossed the Atlantic -- fairly and easily crossed it in a balloon !
God be praised !
Who shall say that anything is impossible hereafter ?
---------------
The Journal here ceases .
Some particulars of the descent were communicated , however , by Mr. Ainsworth to Mr. Forsyth .
It was nearly dead calm when the voyagers first came in view of the coast , which was immediately recognized by both the seamen , and by Mr. Osborne .
The latter gentleman having acquaintances at Fort Moultrie , it was immediately resolved to descend in its vicinity .
The balloon was brought over the beach ( the tide being out and the sand hard , smooth , and admirably adapted for a descent , ) and the grapnel let go , which took firm hold at once .
The inhabitants of the island , and of the fort , thronged out , of course , to see the balloon ; but it was with the greatest difficulty that any one could be made to credit the actual voyage -- the crossing of the Atlantic .
The grapnel caught at 2 , P.M. , precisely ; and thus the whole voyage was completed in 75 hours ; or rather less , counting from shore to shore .
No serious accident occurred .
No real danger was at any time apprehended .
The balloon was exhausted and secured without trouble ; and when the MS . from which this narrative is compiled was despatched from Charleston , the party were still at Fort Moultrie .
Their farther intentions were not ascertained ; but we can safely promise our readers some additional information either on Monday or in the course of the next day , at farthest .
This is unquestionably the most stupendous , the most interesting , and the most important undertaking , ever accomplished or even attempted by man .
What magnificent events may ensue , it would be useless now to think of determining .
---------------
* Note . -- Mr. Ainsworth has not attempted to account for this phenomenon , which , however , is quite susceptible of explanation .
A line dropped from an elevation of 25,000 feet , perpendicularly to the surface of the earth ( or sea ) , would form the perpendicular of a right - angled triangle , of which the base would extend from the right angle to the horizon , and the hypothenuse from the horizon to the balloon .
But the 25,000 feet of altitude is little or nothing , in comparison with the extent of prospect .
In other words , the base and hypothenuse of the supposed triangle would be so long when compared with the perpendicular , that the two former may be regarded as nearly parallel .
In this manner the horizon of the aeronaut would appear to be on a level with the car .
But , as the point immediately beneath him seems , and is , at a great distance below him , it seems , of course , also , at a great distance below the horizon .
Hence the impression of concavity ; and this impression must remain , until the elevation shall bear so great a proportion to the extent of prospect , that the apparent parallelism of the base and hypothenuse disappears -- when the earth 's real convexity must appear .
by Jessica Anderson
“ It is true that the Taliban are the first threat but an illegitimate government would be the second ” – Abdullah Abdullah
The deterioration of the situation in Afghanistan over the last eighteen months has seen the gradual reassertion of the Taliban ’s territorial presence .
The widespread fraud , vote rigging , and ballot stuffing of August ’s presidential election led to a run off between Hamid Karzai the incumbent and the other main candidate Abdullah Abdullah .
This process was a total flop , an embarrassment for the occupying American forces as Abdullah , disputing the possibility of a fair result devoid of fraud , refused to participate further .
Hilary Clinton spoke of Abdullah ’s decision as “ not affecting in any way the legitimacy ” of the process : instead Karzai ’s second term in office would supposedly further buttress the strength of the constitutional order of Afghanistan in guiding the Afghan people to a ‘ brighter future ’ .
The recent upsurge in violence and deaths of UK and US soldiers have led the governments of the occupying powers to further justify their military deployments amid increasing public opposition to troop presence in Afghanistan .
Their well - rehearsed arguments explain the need to pursue and eliminate both the Taliban and Al - Qaeda as a key front in the West ’s counter terrorism strategy .
Most recently Gordon Brown has spoken of the need to suppress the training camps and terrorist plots being mounted against Britain from the area , whilst Obama in solemn tones has warned that if “ the Afghan government falls to the Taliban – or allows al - Qaeda to go unchallenged – that country will again be a base for terrorists who want to kill as many of our people as they possibly can ” .
The aim therefore must be “ to disrupt , dismantle and defeat al - Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan , and to prevent their return to either country in the future ” .
This description of the aims of the US and its allies ’ military presence in the country is accompanied by a grandiose and hyperbolic description of state - building for Afghanistan .
The solution to Afghanistan ’s woes is a pathway to legitimate government and sovereign statehood .
In describing these holy - grail like goals the US and its allies have exercised a whole lexicon of terms intended to describe and articulate principles of legitimate political rule .
The establishment of a constitution , a political process of representational democracy and political parties , a justice system , and economic development and prosperity were all essential , we are continually told , to the Afghan people ’s future .
Added to this is , of course , the need for an unspecified period of military presence and occupation by the US and its allies .
In the midst of this heady mix of counter terrorism and counter insurgency is the process of state building in which Afghans are encouraged to go to the polls to elect leaders to rule over them .
This bestowal by the West of the great gift of democracy is the humanitarian and benevolent side of the Obama ’s administration ’s new foreign policy , but it is of course not remotely new and has been the rhetorical substance of American foreign policy for decades .
If the reconstruction of an Afghan state and the defeat of terrorism within that country are inseparable goals , the emphasis on development as well demolition is becoming increasingly shrill , and more and more absurd .
At an empirical level such exhortations of democratic and economic ‘ progress ’ are highly delusional given the minimal level of public participation in the recent elections , the level of corruption in the political and bureaucratic institutions of Afghan politics relating to the narcotics trade , and increasing evidence that the Taliban have established governmental and judicial structures and makeshift courts in rural areas .
Commenting on the electoral process both Brown and Obama have identified the endemic corruption of the Afghan government but this commentary seems intended only to bolster the moral validity of their political visions for the country .
The delusions of the US state in this area extend far and wide .
A cursory investigation into various departments of US government charged with the economic development of Afghanistan yields gems such as the Department of Commerce ’s Afghanistan ‘ Investment and Reconstruction Task Force ’ .
The task force describes itself as providing information and counselling to companies pursuing business opportunities in Afghanistan ’ .
The accompanying pdf document , Doing Business in Afghanistan : 2009 Country Commercial Guide for U.S. Companies , downloadable from its website , describes a whole host of lucrative business opportunities in a country ravaged by conflict and dependent on foreign aid .
The real question is : what is this state building process really intended to achieve ?
Afghanistan is surrounded by an eclectic mix of states , ranging from Islamic theocracies to secular dictatorships and pseudo - democracies .
Right wing foreign policy blogs and media websites in America describe the Afghan project as a long haul and one in which military presence in the country is intended to be enduring if not permanent .
The process of state building in Afghanistan will take many years with civil and political institutions being built from very low levels .
Meanwhile the total number of Western forces in Afghanistan now number 100,000 , including 68,000 US troops .
The deployment of more troops is likely and the US has set itself the job of training and equipping an Afghan army whose strength and capacity will depend upon further US investment in the country and the awarding of contracts for US military companies .
The absurdity of the US ’s strategy to implant representational democracy in a country which in many areas is devoid of even basic amenities and facing increasingly intense and widespread warfare , is clearly part of a long term strategy to present a media friendly tale of state building and progress towards democracy and self - governance , whilst allowing the US and its allies to establish an enduring military presence .
State building as a process of colonial rule obviously contains a rich and complex history .
In recent times the Middle East has been the locus of such efforts by the US and allies .
However , processes in South America have seen the pattern of events unfold in a similar way , where countries came to be dominated by very small ruling classes with heavy ties to the US and very weak political and civil societies .
It is clear Afghanistan is in the process of being transformed into a regime of a similar character .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Thursday 3 December 2009
The article below about attitudes towards the death penalty in Texas said the growth of DNA forensic evidence has seen nearly 140 death row convictions overturned across the US .
This was based on a list of 139 cases compiled by the Death Penalty Information Center ( DPIC ) dating back to 1973 .
To clarify , the DPIC list notes that DNA played a substantial role in establishing innocence in 17 of the cases , not all of them as the sentence may have suggested
Even in Texas they are having their doubts .
The state that executes more people than any other by far – it will account for half the prisoners sent to the death chamber in the US this year – is seeing its once rock - solid faith in capital punishment shaken by overturned convictions , judicial scandals and growing evidence that at least one innocent man has been executed .
The growth of DNA forensic evidence has seen nearly 140 death row convictions overturned across the US , prompting abolition and moratoriums in other states that Texas has so far resisted .
But the public mood is swinging in the conservative state , which often seems to have an Old Testament view of justice .
A former governor , Mark White – previously a strong supporter of the death penalty – has joined those calling for a reconsideration of capital punishment because of the risk of executing an innocent person .
The number of death sentences passed by juries in Texas has fallen sharply in recent years , reflecting a retreat from capital punishment in many parts of America after DNA evidence led to the release of scores of condemned prisoners .
The number of death sentences passed annually in the US has dropped by about 60 % in the past decade , to around 100 .
" In Texas we have seen a constant stream of individual cases that really destroy public faith and integrity in our criminal justice system , " said Steve Hall , former chief of staff to the Texas attorney general for eight years , who is now an anti-death penalty activist .
" You are seeing that scepticism reflected in a lot of different ways .
You are seeing juries more reluctant to issue death sentences .
You are also seeing a different approach by district attorneys .
Some are breaking with the past culture of seeking the death penalty whenever they can . "
A fortnight ago , two men sentenced to death and life in prison for the murder of four teenagers in 1991 were cleared after sophisticated forensic tests from the crime scene did not match either man .
Other prisoners are also being released after DNA evidence .
In Dallas county alone , 24 people have been exonerated and the new district attorney has created a conviction integrity unit to examine other suspected miscarriages of justice .
Recent attention has focused on a high profile case which may become the first officially acknowledged miscarriage of justice which led to a man being executed .
The governor of Texas , Rick Perry , has been accused of gerrymandering a commission examining the evidence against Cameron Todd Willingham who was executed in 2004 for the murder of his three young daughters in an arson attack on his home .
Perry abruptly replaced the chairman of the Texas Forensic Science Commission as it was about to hold hearings into a report by its own expert , who described the conviction as based on " junk science " .
The new chairman called off the hearing .
Other states have moved swiftly to address concerns about potential miscarriages of justice .
The release of four men in New Mexico prompted the governor , Bill Richardson , to abolish the death penalty in the state earlier this year , saying : " I do not have confidence in the criminal justice system as it currently operates to be the final arbiter when it comes to who lives and who dies for their crime . "
Six years ago , the governor of Illinois declared a moratorium on the death penalty after realising that the state had freed more men from death row than it had executed since 1976 .
Death penalty supporters in Texas claim the numerous appeal processes protect against a wrongful conviction .
" No one who 's involved in criminal prosecution has ever claimed they are absolutely perfect , " said Dudley Sharp , founder of a Texas victims rights group , Justice For All .
" But with the death penalty in the United States you have a system that protects innocence to a greater degree than a life sentence ever could . "
But Hall says the highly politicised judicial system in Texas , with elected prosecutors and judges , is part of the problem .
" One of the problems with having an elected judiciary is that you end up with judges who have to become good politicians .
That means appealing to the voters .
The presiding judge on the court of criminal appeals , Sharon Keller , ran as a pro-prosecution judge .
That was her phrase , " he said .
Keller - known has Sharon Killer to her critics because of her enthusiasm for the death penalty - is at the centre of a controversy that has further undermined confidence in the death penalty , after she refused to keep a court office open after 5 pm to allow a last - minute appeal for a stay of execution while the supreme court decided on another case that affected all executions in Texas .
The convict , Michael Richard , was executed hours later .
Keller is awaiting a verdict from the State Commission on Judicial Conduct on charges of dereliction of duty .
Earlier this year , Keller turned down an appeal from a man on the brink of execution , despite revelations that the judge and prosecutor at his trial had been having an affair .
Submitted by Edward Harrison of Credit Writedowns .
Marshall Auerback sent me a link to a recent Simon Johnson missive about Goldman Sachs .
I had already seen and liked this article , but his e-mail prompted me to write this post .
My question is :
Why is Goldman a bank holding company ?
Goldman becomes a bank
The reason Goldman became a bank to begin with is because it was on the verge of collapse after the Lehman Brothers failure .
Andrew Ross Sorkin has a good write up on this in Vanity Fair :
Due to disastrous bets on Lehman paper , the giant Reserve Primary Fund had broken the buck a day earlier , causing an investor run on the money - market funds .
Between that , Geithner thought , and billions of dollars of investors ’ money locked up inside the now bankrupt Lehman Brothers , that meant only one thing : the two remaining broker - dealers — Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs — could actually be next .
Just in case it ’s not obvious , Goldman Sachs was a major beneficiary of the government ’s bailout of the financial services industry , not only through the bailout of AIG but also through its ability to fall under the regulatory umbrella as a bank holding company ( technically Goldman became a financial holding company but the distinction is relatively minor .
see definition here ) .
– something which made it eligible for debt guarantees and other government backstops .
Late last year , every financial services company on earth wanted to become a bank and line up for the handouts coming from Washington – American Express ( a credit card company ) , GE Capital ( basically a hedge fund ) , GMAC ( a car financing company ) , Genworth Financial ( an insurance company ) , Aegon ( a Dutch company ) , even Willem Buiter , a former central banker , wanted to become a bank .
This is why Goldman became a bank too .
Now , Goldman was in a more precarious position than bank holding companies because of the vulnerabilities of being a broker - dealer .
Nouriel Roubini warned repeatedly before Leman ’s collapse that the large full services broker - dealer model was broken .
Here , just before Lehman failed , he talks about Goldman , Morgan Stanley and Merrill ’s demise if Lehman collapses :
I also argued in follow - up pieces that , in a matter of two years , no one of the remaining independent broker dealers ( Lehman , Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs ) would survive as : 1 . their business model is now impaired ( securitization is semi-dead ) ; 2 . they will need to be regulated like banks given the PDCF support and thus have lower leverage , higher liquidity and more capital that will erode their profitability ; 3 . Their severe maturity mismatch – borrowing very short term and liquid , leveraging a lot and lending and investing in more long term and illiquid ways – makes them very fragile – in the absence of deposit insurance and in the presence of only limited LOLR support by a central bank – to bank like run that are destructive even of illiquid but otherwise solvent institutions .
Thus all such broker dealers need to merge with larger financial institutions that have a commercial banking arm and thus access to stable and insured deposits and to true LOLR Fed support .
That process of unraveling of independent broker dealers started with Bear Stearns ; now it is moved to Lehman ; tomorrow Merrill Lynch will be on line ; and Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs will be next .
No one of them can and will survive as independent entities .
So , the Fed and Treasury should advise them all to start finding a large international partner ( international as almost no domestic partner is now sound to take them over ) and merge with such partner before we get another Bear or Lehman disaster .
I happen to think Goldman is a well - run institution , but that is neither here nor there .
They were vulnerable .
And , apparently , policy makers heeded Roubini ’s words as all the broker - dealers were immediately made into banks .
Government went so far as to try and merge Goldman with the bankrupt Wachovia ( now a problem for Wells Fargo ) , but thought better of it because of the conflicts of interest for Hank Paulson and Robert Steel :
In an excerpt from his forthcoming book , Too Big To Fail : The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System — and Themselves , Sorkin reports that the deal , which was nearly consummated , would have merged Goldman Sachs and Wachovia .
Henry M. Paulson , the Treasury secretary and former C.E.O. of Goldman , was deeply involved in the process , contacting both Lloyd Blankfein , Goldman ’s current C.E.O. , and a Wachovia board member , and strongly urged both to consider it .
Wachovia ’s C.E.O. , Robert Steel , was a former vice - chairman at Goldman Sachs and Paulson ’s former number two at the Treasury Department .
Sorkin reports that Warren Buffett was also contacted about investing in the merged company , but told a banker at Goldman that it would never happen .
“ By tonight the government will realize they ca n’t provide capital to a deal that ’s being done by the former firm of the Treasury secretary with the company of a former vice - chairman of Goldman Sachs and former deputy Treasury secretary , ” Buffett said .
“ There is no way .
They ’ll all wake up and realize , even if it was the best deal in the world , they ca n’t do it . ”
Goldman gets to game the system
These conflicts of interest has everyone up in arms about Goldman , dubbed “ Government Sachs ” by its haters ( see here , here , and here ) .
That is why the face - sucking squid polemic by Matt Taibbi was a zeitgeist piece .
I think eyes should be focused firmly on the government ’s responsibility and not Goldman when it comes to these issues .
Which is why the issues that Simon Johnson raises are important .
They go to the core of the regulation of banks .
Here are four questions we should be asking regulators :
Why is Goldman Sachs allowed to maintain leverage ratios significantly higher than the large legacy bank holding companies like Wells Fargo , Bank of America , JPMorgan and Citigroup ?
Why is Goldman allowed to operate like a private equity company , holding large stakes of foreign non-financial corporations ?
( I should note that Financial Holding Companies do have ten years in which to sell their stakes )
Why is Goldman ( and other large banks ) allowed to operate like a hedge fund and take outsized risks with capital via large proprietary trading operations .
Most of Goldman ’s profits are coming from this area .
At least Deutsche Bank has offloaded these bets onto hedge funds in which it invests .
Given the fact that the large too - bog - to - fail financial institutions have received a large backstop from the taxpayer , the fact that they are loading up in prop trading shows that regulation in the U.S. is non-existent .
Why is Goldman allowed to have an interest in the failure of other financial firms ?
We now hear that Goldman has an interest in the failure of CIT , a major lender to small - and medium - sized businesses .
These perverse incentives are everywhere in the derivatives world and were an enabler of the financial meltdown and the principal reason AIG was bailed out with taxpayer money .
Clearly , regulators are not serious about regulating or they would correct these problems .
MarketWatch reported on this as far back as July and nothing has happened .
When Goldman switched to a bank holding company , such big profit seemed unlikely as analysts worried the firm would face stricter regulatory oversight from the Federal Reserve , with limits on risk - taking and higher capital requirements .
See story Wall Street changes .
But almost 10 months later , nothing much appears to have changed , some analysts said in the wake of the firm ’s second - quarter results .
After two quarters as a bank holding company , Goldman is still “ not reporting like a bank and not acting like one either , ” said David Hendler , Baylor Lancaster , Pri de Silva and Kristine Lanspa , analysts at CreditSights , an independent fixed - income research firm .
Given Goldman ’s spectacular results so far this year , “ the company has basically been given a green light to continue operating in a ‘ business as usual ’ fashion , ” they wrote in a note to investors after Goldman ’s latest earnings report .
“ Bank regulators have their hands full with other deteriorating bank situations and , for the time being , seem content to let Goldman do what it ’s always done . ”
Tier 1 Goldman still does n’t report quarterly results like other large bank holding companies .
For instance , the firm does n’t disclose a full balance sheet in its earnings release or provide detailed information on revenue and valuation marks on exposures , the analysts noted …
“ Our sense is that Goldman ’s switch to bank holding company status was basically a security blanket in the worst of last fall ’s troubles , and the company would be happier today if it could let it go , ” they added .
“ We also sense that Goldman Sachs many not yet have the same level of regulatory scrutiny that many banks routinely live with . ”
And CreditSights is right .
Goldman have no intention of changing anything at all .
“ Our model really never changed , ” Goldman Sachs Chief Financial Officer David Viniar said yesterday in an interview .
“ We ’ve said very consistently that our business model remained the same . ”
Plus ça change .
The excerpt in this article from the RGE Monitor is copyrighted and re-published with the express permission of Roubini Global Economics LLC .
Update : Chris Whalen is apoplectic that Goldman is upgrading the too - big - to - fail banks and has given his own downbeat assessment , a view I shared on Credit Writedowns just yesterday .
See his comments and video here .
Conservative yakker Glenn Beck has n't ( yet ) been rounded up and sent to a secret FEMA prison camp , which has given him time instead to send his lawyers after the owner of the satirical glennbeckrapedandmurderedayounggirlin1990.com .
Beck has reached deep inside to find a hitherto hidden well of respect and affection for foreign international organizations , and he has taken his case to the domain name dispute center at the World Intellectual Property Organization ( WIPO ) in Geneva .
The site , he says , is defamation , and it violated his trademarked name .
But the anonymous website operator who has been targeted by Beck today stepped up , identified himself , and found a lawyer to file a response ( PDF ) — and what a response it is .
How many legal documents have you seen that throw circumspection to the four winds and tell a WIPO arbiter that " only an abject imbecile could believe that the domain name would have any connection to the Complainant . "
And that 's before the " HOMOSEXUAL BLOOD ELF " even makes an appearance .
Play him off , keyboard cat
Glennbeckrapedandmurderedayounggirlin1990.com turns out to be run by one Isaac Eiland - Hall .
Eiland - Hall had discovered a Fark thread in which commenters picked up on a Gilbert Gottfried routine about Bob Saget raping and murdering a teenaged girl ( it 's , er , a bit funnier in context than it sounds [ NSFW ] ) .
They adapted it for Beck to highlight what they perceived as his habit of forcing people to explain away completely baseless charges — as when Beck interviewed Muslim Congressman Keith Ellison ( D - MN ) and opened with this gem : " And I have to tell you , I have been nervous about this interview because what I feel like saying is , sir , prove to me that you are not working with our enemies .
And I know you 're not .
I 'm not accusing you of being an enemy .
But that 's the way I feel , and I think a lot of Americans will feel that way . "
How better to give
Beck a taste of his own medicine than by wondering publicly why he has never addressed the rumor that he raped and murdered a young girl in 1990 ?
No one 's saying that Beck really did it but if he has nothing to hide , why wo n't he deny the tale ?
You get the idea .
Eiland - Hall thought this was genius ( " It just felt right , " he told Ars a couple weeks ago ) and set up his own website to give the burgeoning meme its own homepage .
The site went up on September 1 and had a huge spike of initial interest — it served more than 120,000 page loads in the first 24 hours .
By September 3 , lawyers for Beck 's media company , Mercury Radio Arts , tried to have the domain name deleted by the registrar ( they failed ) and also took their case to WIPO , which mediates domain name disputes .
When we spoke to Eiland - Hall earlier , he was unsure about unmasking himself by replying to the WIPO complaint , which meant that he would soon lose the domain name .
In the three weeks since , however , he changed his mind and found himself a lawyer named Marc Randazza .
Randazza dropped us a line today with a copy of his response to Beck 's complaint , and boy , is it something ... unique .
Definitely not a rapist / murderer
The reply opens by pointing out that domain name disputes are n't designed to " resolve all Internet - related grievances . "
Beck might be unhappy about the domain name and the site content , but he can't use WIPO to prove defamation .
The domain name dispute process is generally used to prevent cybersquatters from sitting on trademarked terms , and it generally applies only when there is both commercial intent and the real possibility of consumer confusion .
The satirical site is noncommercial , but is it " confusingly similar " to Glenn Beck 's name ?
Randazza does n't think so .
" We are not here because the domain name could cause confusion .
We do not have a declaration from the president of the international association of imbeciles that his members are blankly staring at the Respondent ’s website wondering ' where did all the race baiting content go ? '
We are here because Mr. Beck wants Respondent 's website shut down .
He wants it shut down because Respondent 's website makes a poignant and accurate satirical critique of Mr. Beck by parodying Beck 's very rhetorical style . "
In the US , courts have long adopted a " moron in a hurry " test for dealing with issues of trademark confusion .
Would a moron , hurrying home at the end of a long day and seeing the offending sign / billboard / website , likely confuse it with an official offering of the trademark holder ?
The reply says no .
" It is specious at best for Mr. Beck to assert that his fans , or the public as a whole , would confuse Respondent ’s website with Mr. Beck himself — unless of course it is Mr. Beck ’s view that his fans and the average internet user are in fact hurried morons .
Respondent presumes that this is not how Mr. Beck regards his audience .
And , even if he does so regard his audience , this is not a basis for upholding his complaint . "
Randazza then proceeds to explain the concept of " Internet memes " to a presumably uninterested European WIPO bureaucrat .
From " Mr. Spock Ate My Balls " ( defunct ) to ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US to " Leeroy Jenkins " to a slew of sub-memes based on the movie " 300 , " Internet memes are as old as the internet itself , and almost as ubiquitous as actual cybersquatters Memes are often puzzling to those who have never encountered them before , and they are similarly puzzling to the subjects of the memes when they involve real people Nobody believes that the director of the critically acclaimed “ Downfall ” would have directed a script in which Hitler screams “ YOU HOMOSEXUAL BLOOD ELF ! ”
Similarly , nobody really thinks that “ Every time you masturbate ...
God kills a kitten , ” which was an internet meme that originated on the same website that spawned the Glenn Beck meme , Fark.com Memes often involve famous people , and they are often unflattering .
Richard Gere has never dignified the infamous “ Gerbil story ” meme with a response , even though the story is nasty and false , and it too has entered the culture as an irrepressible meme , even making an appearance in The Simpsons , Episode 183 .
This is the price of celebrity — you just might wind up in a meme , and you might not deserve it .
Richard Gere did nothing to bring the meme monster to his door .
The basic charge here is that Beck and his lawyers are using a WIPO proceeding to shut down a website that they could not shutter under US law ( thanks to the First Amendment ) .
Whether this is true or not is debatable — lawyers we spoke to were divided , on the subject , as the factual nature of the domain name and the site 's initially small disclaimer might be found defamatory in court .
In any event , the WIPO battle promises to be entertaining , and there 's even a bit of serious purpose mixed in with the frivolity .
Just how far can WIPO go in using its domain dispute system to address Internet spats ?
Because WIPO is not a court system ( it can use " any rules and principles of law that it deems applicable " to a particular complaint ) , it is not bound by its own precedent and it sometimes has a reputation for favoring big trademark holders .
But WIPO has ruled on thousands of these disputes before and does have a track record of rejecting claims in which companies or individuals use the process as a way to shut down criticism or satire .
Eiland - Hall certainly hopes to prevail at WIPO , though of course the issue there is a minor one ; who controls a particular domain ( Eiland - Hall has already registered several similar but less inflammatory domains to deal with the situation ) .
The bigger problem could be that now , after unveiling himself , Beck 's lawyers decide to send a message and drag the whole case into a US court , where big monetary damages could be on the line .
Contrary to popular opinion , beer is as healthy — if not more healthy — than wine , according to a university professor with an academic title any Joe Six - pack would relish .
Charles Bamforth , chairman of the food science department at the University of California at Davis and an Anheuser - Busch endowed professor , told food scientists assembled here Tuesday that beer contains valuable B vitamins , such as B12 , folic acid and niacin , as well as antioxidants , such as polyphenols and ferulic acid .
Bamforth , author of the book Beer : Health and Nutrition says beer also has soluble fiber , which is good for digestion , and the active ingredient in alcohol — whether from beer or wine — helps counter blockage of the arteries .
“ People say red wine is key to that , ” Bamforth said .
“ But beer , if you looked at it holistically , is healthier than wine .
But it is not perceived that way . ”
“ It ’s entirely about perception . ”
And it ’s those perceptions that Bamforth has recently been studying .
After polling 325 men and woman visiting breweries on both U.S. coasts and the Midwest , Bamforth found that the nutritional understanding of people about beer was largely in error .
When asked which is the healthiest alcoholic beverage , drinkers put red wine followed by white wine at the top of the list .
Then came light beer , light - colored beer and then dark - beer .
Actually , there ’s little difference health - wise between any of them , according to Bamforth .
Does beer have sugar ?
Fat ?
Preservatives ?
On all counts , those polled said it did .
In every instance , they were wrong .
Only 39 percent believed beer contained vitamins and minerals .
Few believed it contained antioxidants .
When asked to rank which sources of information they consider credible , Bamforth ’s beer drinkers placed doctors at the top of the list .
Bamforth claims many physicians are among those that are misinformed about beer .
“ I have a friend who is a doctor who says , ‘ Do n’t drink beer because it has fat , ’ said Bamforth .
“ There ’s no fat in it at all . ”
Bamforth says the beer industry has been slow to counter consumers ’ false perceptions in part because beer companies do n’t want to be perceived as pushing alcohol on teenagers .
Bamforth presented his research at that Institute of Food Technologists Annual Meeting + FOOD EXPO® , the world ’s largest annual food science forum and exposition .
Source : Institute of Food Technologists
Explore further Research reveals link between beer and bone health
Small Business Experience With A Personal Touch
An Experienced Lawyer in Tennessee
What do you expect from your lawyer ?
Knowledge and experience can be found at most large firms .
And , many small law firms claim that they provide personal service .
But do n’t you deserve both ?
At Paul Billings
Law , I have the necessary experience to handle your most complex legal issues .
And I deliver personal , client - centered service that puts your needs and goals first .
Contact my law office today to discuss your case .
Paul Billings Law in Memphis , Tennessee
Skilled Commercial Law Attorney
Toll Free : 877-531-1736
Locally : 901-881-7019
I represent clients throughout Tennessee in matters related to property tax appraisal appeals , corporate law and creditor ’s rights .
I serve as local counsel for law firms across the U.S .
Small Business Firm With a Personal Touch
At Paul Billings
Law , my experience has equipped me to help resolve the legal problems my clients face .
Since 1984 , I have successfully handled complex business law matters such as drafting and negotiating asset and stock purchase agreements , drafting operating agreements and representing commercial and residential property tax appraisal appeals .
My clients appreciate having their legal problems handled by a lawyer who :
Has been practicing law since 1984
Provides personal service and attention to every client
Has received a AV Peer Review Rating *
Has a long track record of success
Offers fair and flexible billing options
I have worked with the big law firms and I know that amidst the partners , support staff and large offices , clients can sometimes get lost in the shuffle .
I have the big firm experience , but give every client my full personal attention .
As your attorney , I will talk with you one - on - one .
You wo n’t get treated like a number with me .
If you are facing a legal problem , I am here to answer your questions and help you explore your legal options .
Contact my law office today toll free at 877-531-1736 or locally 901-881-7019 at to speak with an experienced Tennessee lawyer .
* CV , BV , and AV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards , and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards .
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : timeplot - a program for visualizing time series from log files
Hi .
I 've released timeplot on hackage : http://hackage.haskell.org/package/timeplot
Timeplot is a program for visualizing time series from log files .
The typical usage scenario : - Take a big log file of your program ( 100 k - 1 m lines is OK ) - Preprocess it with an awk one - liner to obtain a trace for timeplot -
Plot the trace with timeplot , telling it which chart type ( one of 8 ) to use for each " track " of the trace .
For example , you can plot the frequencies of response times falling into 0..100 ms , 100..500 ms , 500..1000ms and > 1000 ms over 5 - minute time intervals , or plot their 25 % and 50 % quantiles .
- Behold the resulting graphics and discover anomalies and interesting process interdependencies in your program .
Take a look at the description with lots of pretty pictures and a tutorial : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Timeplot -- Eugene Kirpichov Web IR developer , market.yandex.ru
Glaciers in the Himalayas and the Tibetan plateau that feed the river systems of almost half the world 's people are melting faster because of the effects of clouds of soot from diesel fumes and wood fires , according to scientists in India and China .
The results , to be announced this month in Kashmir , show for the first time that clouds of soot – made up of tiny particles of " black carbon " emitted from old diesel engines and from cooking with wood , crop waste or cow dung – are " unequivocally having an impact on glacial melting " in the Himalayas .
Scientists say that , while the threat of carbon dioxide to global warming has been accepted , soot from developing countries is a largely unappreciated cause of rising temperatures .
Once the black carbon lands on glaciers , it absorbs sunlight that would otherwise be reflected by the snow , leading to melting .
" This is a huge problem which we are ignoring , " said Professor Syed Hasnain of the Energy and Resources Institute ( Teri ) in Delhi .
" We are finding concentrations of black carbon in the Himalayas in what are supposed to be pristine , untouched environments . "
The institute has set up two sensors in the Himalayas , one on the Kholai glacier that sits on the mountain range 's western flank in Kashmir and the other flowing through the eastern reaches in Sikkim .
Glaciers in this region feed most of the major rivers in Asia .
The short - term result of substantial melting is severe flooding downstream .
Hasnain says India and China produce about a third of the world 's black carbon , and both countries have been slow to act .
" India is the worst .
At least in China the state has moved to measure the problem .
In Delhi no government agency has put any sensors on the ground .
[ Teri ] is doing it by ourselves . "
In August this year Yao Tandong , director of China 's Institute of Tibetan Plateau Research , projected " a 43 % decrease in glacial area by 2070 " , adding that " more and more scientists have come to recognise the impact of black carbon in glacial melting " .
Black carbon 's role has only recently been recognised – it was not mentioned as a factor in the UN 's major 2007 report on climate change –but this month the UN environment programme called for cuts in black carbon output .
In November it will publish a report stating that 50 % of the emissions causing global warming are from non-CO2 pollutants .
Decreasing black carbon emissions should be a relatively cheap way to significantly curb global warming .
Black carbon falls from the atmosphere after just a couple of weeks , and replacing primitive cooking stoves with modern versions that emit far less soot could quickly end the problem .
Controlling traffic in the Himalayan region should help ease the harm done by emissions from diesel engines .
Both New Delhi and Beijing , say experts , have been reluctant to come forward with plans on black carbon because they do not want attention diverted from richer nations ' responsibility to cut carbon dioxide emissions .
At a high - level forum on energy in Washington on Thursday , India 's environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , rejected attempts to link black carbon to the efforts to reach an international agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions .
Black carbon had no place in the Copenhagen negotiations towards a global pact on global warming , he said .
" Black carbon is another issue .
I know there is now a desire to bring the black carbon issue into the mainstream .
I am simply not in favour of it . "
Telus has become the first of the big three Canadian wireless companies to drop the hated system access fee — and not replace it with a new charge .
The company announced Tuesday that it was discontinuing its $ 6.95 system access fee , which it said went toward maintaining and upgrading its network , as well as the 75 - cent 911 charge .
Telus 's rival Rogers dropped its system access charge in September , but replaced it with a " regulatory recovery fee " ranging between $ 2.46 and $ 3.46 depending on region , which the company said will help pay for the cost of complying with various government regulations .
" Nobody likes surprises .
We are listening to Canadians , who have told us wireless pricing can be confusing , " said Telus chief executive Darren Entwistle said in a statement .
" With Telus 's Clear Choice plans , the price you see is the price you pay . "
Telus subscribers wo n't see a huge savings though , as the company is also increasing the price of its monthly service plans by $ 5 to make up for the revenue shortfall .
Telus is , however , including its Voicemail 3 service — which lets customers save up to three voice mail messages — with the plans .
Rogers also boosted the price of its plans when it dropped the system access fee .
A spokesperson for Rogers said the company did not comment on competitors ' offerings .
Existing Telus customers will be able to stay on their existing plans and continue paying the extra fees , or they can switch onto the new offerings .
Competitors about to enter market
Telus 's move leaves Bell as the last of the big three national carriers to charge the fee .
Bell officials did not return requests for comment .
The system access fee is the subject of an ongoing class - action lawsuit by Regina - based lawyer Tony Merchant .
He says Canada 's cellphone carriers for years misrepresented the fee as a government or regulatory charge , and is seeking the return of billions of dollars to consumers .
The carriers have denied the accusation and the matter is still before the courts .
Telus was also the first of the big three to sack the system access fee in the discount wireless market with the launch of Koodo in early 2008 .
Rogers and Bell followed suit by discontinuing the fee on their respective discount brands , Fido and Solo .
The moves by Rogers and Telus to simplify fees on their core brands come as new cellphone companies are about to enter the Canadian market .
Globalive and Public Mobile are planning to launch services in several cities by the end of the year , followed by DAVE Wireless and Videotron early next year .
None of the new entrants are expected to charge system access or 911 fees .
Globalive 's ownership is being reviewed by the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission .
The regulator will on Thursday rule whether changes are needed to the company 's structure before it can launch .
A proposed private hospital for Sligo is a microcosm of this country ’s staggering political hypocrisy , writes FINTAN O'TOOLE
MICHAEL CLARKE is a scam - merchant , a conman , a fraudster .
In 2002 , he was sent to jail for two years for his part in a conspiracy to defraud the State ( that ’s you and me ) of tens of thousands of euro .
A corrupt Department of Agriculture official was making out cheques to non-existent farmers under a dairy hygiene scheme .
Clarke was collecting and cashing them .
In the local elections in June , Clarke topped the poll in his area of Sligo .
Even Fianna Fáil , for whom he had previously contested elections , had been so embarrassed by him that he had been forced to stand as an Independent .
He romped home and declared that the real “ jury of my peers ” had now spoken .
Also elected to Sligo County Council in June was the former mayor of Sligo , Fianna Fáil ’s Rosaleen O’Grady .
While in no way comparable to Michael Clarke , she does have an interesting history .
In 2004 , while on long - term sick leave from her job as a clinical nurse manager with the HSE , she managed to attend a four - day conference of the Confederation of European Councillors in Gibraltar .
( “ I felt it would do me no harm to go , ” she explained to The Irish Times . )
Earlier this month , Rosaleen O’Grady was one of the most enthusiastic supporters on Sligo County Council of a motion proposed by Michael Clarke .
The conman suggested the rezoning of a 16 - acre site at Carraroe , currently designated as a buffer zone , for a new private hospital .
The county manager strongly opposed the motion , but it was overwhelmingly backed by both Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael .
Clarke suggested that “ where people are providing money to put up this hospital , we should take this on board ” .
O’Grady pointed out that the developers were not strangers : “ We are talking about people we know . ”
The development of a private hospital in Sligo is appallingly bad public policy .
It is bad planning , bad medicine and a waste of public money .
Cancer services are being transferred out of Sligo General Hospital .
The whole argument for doing so is that patients do better when cancer treatment is concentrated in a few specialist centres .
Yet , at the same time , these same services are to be provided , for those who can afford to pay , in a small , non-specialist private hospital .
The developers in Sligo cite their intention to provide “ first - class medical treatment in areas of high demand such as oncology ” and to fill the gap in the market for “ radiotherapy in the northwest , and more extensive cancer treatment ” .
The intention , clearly , is that this private hospital will be largely funded by the taxpayer .
The developers have made no secret of their intention to use the National Treatment Purchase Fund to pay for many of the procedures at the hospital .
And they will also hope to benefit from the extraordinary tax breaks that provide € 388,000 in capital allowances for every € 100,000 invested .
This scandalous misuse of public money was supposedly ended in the last budget , but Brian Lenihan added the caveat that arrangements would be made for projects in “ an advanced stage of development ” .
Unsurprisingly , the Sligo developers define their own project as at an “ advanced stage ” .
For all the rhetoric about national emergencies and pulling together , this is the Ireland in which we still live .
It is still a place in which swindlers like Michael Clarke can exert serious influence over zoning and the use of public resources .
It is still a place in which staggering hypocrisy rules , so that cancer patients in Sligo are told with a straight face that their public facilities have to be closed in the interests of patient safety , while commercial operations are encouraged to move in and create a market for the same services .
It is still a place in which supposedly scarce public resources are diverted , on an essentially random basis , to schemes for wealthy investors whose only effect will be to copper - fasten apartheid in health care .
And it is still a place in which Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael operate as a single entity .
( Three Fine Gael councillors did oppose Michael Clarke ’s motion , but eight supported it . )
In many ways this episode in Sligo is a microcosm of what ails us : a political culture that tolerates ( and indeed rewards ) amoral behaviour ; an attitude to public money that sees benefits for the poor as optional extras but benefits for the rich as the natural order of things ; and a political consensus in which the supposed alternative is largely embroiled in the same system .
We ’re being told ( most cogently by Jim O’Leary in last Friday ’s Irish Times ) that ideas of fairness are essentially irrelevant to our current dilemma .
On the contrary , without a revolution in public morality that places equality and decency at the centre of decision - making , the system that has created the crisis will simply carry on .
The alternative to fairness is not some kind of idealised , rational economy .
It is more of the same gombeenism that has led us to where we are .
Jean - Pierre Jaffré parle du sujet qui fâche - l’orthographe - avec calme , sourire , et un accent du Sud-Ouest .
Il est l’un des rares spécialistes des orthographes , au pluriel .
Linguiste au CNRS , il a étudié pendant une vingtaine d’années l’évolution de l’écriture du français , selon les temps , les lieux , les « scripteurs » - érudits ou non , enfants , adultes , de France et de francophonie .
Il s’est aussi demandé comment on écrit sa langue avec d’autres systèmes d’écriture .
Il a donc creusé le chinois , le japonais , le coréen , l’arabe , l’hébreu , le russe , leur histoire et leurs réformes .
Au terme de sa carrière , alors que la question de l’orthographe hante une nouvelle fois la rentrée avec l’essai de François de Closets Zéro faute ( paru chez Mille et une nuits ) , il croit non pas tant à une réforme « qui ne saurait ê tre suffisamment radicale pour la simplifier vraiment » mais à un « libéralisme orthographique raisonné » .
« L’orthographe est là pour véhiculer du sens .
Il faut accepter une variation orthographique , aussi longtemps que le sens n’est pas altéré . » Entretien .
Dans « Zéro faute » , François de Closets estime que les logiciels de correction régleront la question de l’orthographe .
Qu’en pensez - vous ?
Les correcteurs peuvent certes apporter une aide non négligeable lors de l’apprentissage mais ils ne résoudront pas tous les problèmes .
Et puis , d’un point de vue éthique , je préfère que chacun apprenne à maîtriser sa propre orthographe .
S’en remettre à l’informatique risque d’être une manière de conserver l’orthographe telle qu’elle est .
Ce n’est pas ma position .
L’orthographe française est - elle si difficile ?
C’est sans doute l’une des plus compliquées au monde , l’une des plus longues à maîtriser , avec celle du japonais qui est redoutable car elle conjugue deux systèmes d’écriture très différents .
Pour écrire « nous travaillons » , les Japonais écrivent « - ons » avec un syllabaire inventé aux environs du XIIe siècle par des femmes poètes , tandis que l ’idée de « travail » est notée avec un signe hérité du chinois !
Le français pose un tout autre problème , celui de l’abondance des lettres muettes .
80 % des erreurs viennent des accords et des homophones verbaux , c’est - à- dire des formes verbales qui s’entendent pareil et s’écrivent différemment : « je prends » « il prend » .
Ces fautes sont d’autant plus gênantes que ces lettres muettes ont une fonction grammaticale : elles portent du sens , distinguent le temps , le nombre et le genre .
Ainsi , « je dirai » ( futur ) et « je dirais » ( conditionnel ) .
L’italien , l’espagnol , l’allemand , le russe ignorent ces silences , leur grammaire s’entend à l’écrit .
Nous disons « je chante » , « tu chantes » .
Les Espagnols disent « canto » , « cantas » , avec un « s » sonore .
C’est simple .
En anglais comme en français , il y a bien des façons d’écrire certains phonèmes .
Mais il ne faut pas réfléchir à une fonction grammaticale pour les écrire .
Il faut apprendre à écrire le mot .
S’il est fréquent , les fautes seront rares , peu importe la difficulté .
Les enfants arrivent à écrire des mots compliqués qu’ils voient souvent , piscine par exemple .
Les difficultés du français ne sont pas nouvelles .
Pourquoi dénoncer l’augmentation des « fautes » ?
Les enquêtes montrent qu’il y a une dégradation de la maîtrise de l’orthographe chez les collégiens et les lycéens .
Cela s’explique .
La société et l’école ont changé : plus de diversité linguistique et sociale , et surtout moins de temps passé à enseigner l’orthographe .
Dans les années 50 , pour avoir son certificat d’études , il fallait juste savoir lire , écrire et compter , et n’entraient au collège que ceux qui avaient la moyenne en dictée .
Aujourd ’hui , on demande aux instituteurs d’enseigner aussi la sécurité routière , l’anglais , l’informatique , l’éducation sexuelle , etc .
Nul ne songe à revenir en arrière , mais le fait est là : l’orthographe française est si difficile que sa maîtrise par le plus grand nombre est quasiment impossible .
Or , il y a de plus en plus de gens , de tous horizons , qui écrivent des mails , des blogs .
Pourrait - on imaginer une simplification radicale ?
Une réforme vraiment radicale rendrait l’orthographe plus transparente .
Elle supprimerait certaines lettres muettes , unifierait les marques du pluriel ( plus de « x » aux noms mais des « s » ) , rendrait invariable le participe passé quand il est employé avec « avoir » , etc .
Des linguistes proposent aujourd ’hui de telles solutions qui peuvent sembler utopiques car l’orthographe du français est ancienne , elle est devenue l’affaire de tous .
Or , l’histoire des orthographes montre que plus il y a de gens qui savent écrire , plus il y a de conservatisme , et plus une réforme radicale est improbable …
De telles réformes ont déjà eu lieu , ailleurs ?
Oui en effet , mais toujours dans un contexte politique radical .
Au XIXe siècle , les Japonais ont changé de langue écrite lors de l’avènement de la dynastie Meiji .
Ils écrivaient jusque - là une langue qui leur venait du Moyen Age , et qui n’était pas celle qu’ils parlaient .
Et comme ils voulaient s’ouvrir à l ’Occident , ils ont créé une nouvelle écriture , à partir de la langue parlée à Tokyo .
En Turquie , en 1920 , au moment de son accession au pouvoir , Atatürk a latinisé l’écriture du turc qui , sous l’empire ottoman , utilisait des caractères arabes .
Même révolution orthographique avec la création de l’URSS .
De nombreux pays ( Azerbaïdjan , Tadjikistan , etc. ) se sont vu imposer une écriture cyrillique .
A présent , ils reviennent à d’autres alphabets , latin ou arabe .
Ce sont là des révolutions linguistiques , on n’en demande pas tant …
Des réformes plus modérées ont été menées dans certains pays mais elles ont suscité , malgré cela , d’importantes résistances .
C’est le cas de l’Allemagne qui , en 1996 , a décidé quelques aménagements : remplacer le « ß » par « ss » , mettre des blancs dans des mots composés très longs …
Après sept ans , malgré des parents hostiles et des procès à l’Etat fédéral , la réforme est entrée à l’école .
L’écriture du français aussi a subi des réformes …
Le français n’a pratiquement connu aucune réforme profonde depuis qu’il s’écrit , c’est - à- dire le XVe siècle .
Ces graphies sont alors le privilège des savants , des copistes .
Tous latinisants , ils s’efforçaient d’enraciner le français dans le latin sans souci de créer une orthographe proche de l’oral .
Au XVIe , le français monte en puissance avec l’imprimerie .
Quand François
Ier signe l’ordonnance de Villers - Cotterêts qui en fait la langue de l’Etat , les poètes , du Bellay , Ronsard , réclament une autre orthographe , plus phonique , plus simple .
Plus tard , Corneille imposera les accents qui permettent de distinguer « e » ouvert et fermé .
Ces deux tendances - celle des imprimeurs et celle des poètes - se sont longtemps opposées .
Jusqu’à ce que Richelieu crée l’Académie française , avec mission de publier un dictionnaire qui fixe l’orthographe et la rationalise .
La troisième édition du dictionnaire , en 1740 , est particulièrement importante .
Notamment , elle généralise les accents et crée le circonflexe pour remplacer le « s » interne et muet ( forest devient forêt , etc. ) .
La Révolution a -t - elle simplifié l’orthographe ?
Pas du tout , elle dissout l’Académie … et fige l’orthographe .
Confrontée à la difficulté de l’enseigner au plus grand nombre , la IIIe République a bien eu des velléités réformatrices , Jules Ferry en tête .
Cette agitation a simplement accouché , en 1901 , d’un « arrêté de tolérances » , proposant d’écrire « évènement » , de simplifier le pluriel des noms composés et certains accords de participe passé , etc .
Mais cet arrêté a eu peu d’échos .
En 1965 , une commission nommée par De Gaulle a elle aussi proposé de remplacer les pluriels en « x » par un « s » , ce qui serait logique puisque le « x » est lui- même une abréviation associant « u » et « s » : ainsi , en ancien français « chevaus » s’écrivait « chevax » .
Finalement , ce travail a été enterré .
En 1976 , sous Giscard , le ministre de l’Education René Haby a tenté de remettre au goût du jour l’arrêté de tolérances de 1901 .
Mais l’école n’a rien voulu entendre .
Et la réforme de 1990 ?
Elle a été victime de l’hostilité entre Michel Rocard , Premier ministre , et Lionel Jospin , ministre de l’Education .
Le chef du gouvernement était favorable à des changements modérés : supprimer le circonflexe sur i et u , simplifier les pluriels des noms composés ( «un sèche - cheveu » , « des sèches - cheveux » ) , etc .
Mais ces rectifications n’ont jamais été publiées au Bulletin officiel de l’Education nationale .
Il a fallu attendre l’année 2007 pour qu’elles passent dans les instructions officielles destinées aux maîtres .
Désormais , les enseignants pourraient donc les appliquer , s’ils le voulaient .
Que proposez - vous ?
Comme linguiste mais également comme citoyen , je suis pour une libéralisation de l’orthographe .
Il faut accepter des variantes .
Par exemple , ne pas considérer comme une faute l’absence d’un « s » quand un participe passé est employé avec « avoir » , mais en revanche insister sur la différence entre participe passé et infinitif , « mangé » et « manger » , au nom du sens .
Il y a une demande sociale de simplification de l’orthographe .
Il me semble qu’il faut y répondre .
On ne peut pas empêcher l’orthographe d’évoluer .
A lire : « Orthographier » , par Michel Fayol et Jean - Pierre Jaffré , Editions PUF , 2008 , 231 pp. , 18 euros .
EAST LANSING , Mich . - A 21 - year Michigan State University experiment that distills the essence of evolution in laboratory flasks not only demonstrates natural selection at work , but could lead to biotechnology and medical research advances , researchers said .
Charles Darwin's seminal Origin of Species first laid out the case for evolution exactly 150 years ago .
Now , MSU professor Richard Lenski and colleagues document the process in their analysis of 40,000 generations of bacteria , published this week in the international science journal Nature .
Lenski , Hannah Professor of Microbial Ecology at MSU , started growing cultures of fast - reproducing , single - celled E. coli bacteria in 1988 .
If a genetic mutation gives a cell an advantage in competition for food , he reasoned , it should dominate the entire culture .
While Darwin's theory of natural selection is supported by other studies , it has never before been studied for so many cycles and in such detail .
" It 's extra nice now to be able to show precisely how selection has changed the genomes of these bacteria , step by step over tens of thousands of generations , " Lenski said .
Lenski's team periodically froze bacteria for later study , and technology has since developed to allow complete genetic sequencing .
By the 20,000 - generation midpoint , researchers discovered 45 mutations among surviving cells .
Those mutations , according to Darwin 's theory , should have conferred some advantage , and that 's exactly what the researchers found .
The results " beautifully emphasize the succession of mutational events that allowed these organisms to climb toward higher and higher efficiency in their environment , " noted Dominique Schneider , a molecular geneticist at the Université Joseph Fourier in Grenoble , France .
Lenski's long - running experiment itself is uniquely suited to answer some critical questions -- such as whether rates of change in a bacteria 's genome move in tandem with its fitness to survive .
" The coupling between genomic and adaptive evolution is complex and can be counterintuitive , " Lenski concluded .
" The genome was evolving along at a surprisingly constant rate , even as the adaptation of the bacteria slowed down a lot .
But then suddenly the mutation rate jumped way up , and a new dynamic relationship was established . "
A mutation involved in DNA metabolism arose around generation 26,000 , causing the mutation rate everywhere else in the genome to increase dramatically .
The number of mutations jumped to 653 by generation 40,000 , but researchers surmise that most of the late - evolving mutations were not helpful to the bacteria .
Gene mutations involved in human DNA replication are involved in some cancers .
Many of the patterns observed in the experiment also occur in certain microbial infections , " and cancer progression is a fundamentally similar evolutionary process , " observed collaborator Jeffrey Barrick .
" So what we learn here can help us better understand the course of these diseases . "
Barrick , a postdoctoral researcher in MSU 's Department of Microbiology and Molecular Genetics , developed computational tools to discover and validate often complex mutations .
" We know an astounding amount about the details of evolution in these little Erlenmeyer flasks , " he said .
The Nature paper involved collaboration with scientists from South Korea as well as France and MSU .
The research , said genomics team leader Jihyun Kim of the Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and Biotechnology , " is not only useful in understanding the tempo and mode of evolution , but can serve as a nice framework for practical applications in biotechnology , such as improving the performance or productivity of an industrial strain . "
Thousands of generations later , the MSU experiment continues to evolve .
" Like a lot of science , our study answers some questions but raises many others , " Lenski said .
###
The research has been supported by the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency .
Michigan State University has been advancing knowledge and transforming lives through innovative teaching , research and outreach for more than 150 years .
MSU is known internationally as a major public university with global reach and extraordinary impact .
Its 17 degree - granting colleges attract scholars worldwide who are interested in combining education with practical problem solving .
For MSU news on the Web , go to news.msu.edu .
Go home .
It 's no one famous .
You 're just looking at a whole bunch of people who lost their jobs .
Police shouted into the crowd , hastily erecting barricades , but New Yorkers and tourists were moth - like in the face of camera flashbulbs and the spotlights of television crews .
Even in the neon - lit stampede of humanity that is Times Square , this was a sight to remember .
For the first time since it began crackling and fizzing in the obscurest corners of Wall Street more than a year before , the credit crisis finally had a human face .
Many human faces .
One by one , Lehman employees stumbled outside , carrying duffel bags stuffed with personal effects .
As that Sunday ground on , more and more employees decided that they would not wait to find out the fate of the 158 - year old investment bank .
Hope had ebbed away that it had any future at all .
Mid-afternoon , a rumour had shot round : maybe the bankruptcy would be so chaotic , so catastrophic , that the authorities would seal off the headquarters entirely .
Even more came to grab what they wanted to save , just in case .
By the time darkness fell it was running on all the news channels : Lehman Brothers was filing for bankruptcy .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Few emerging from the building would speak to reporters , but those that did expressed disbelief .
Anger that Lehman had been driven to the ground .
Sadness at the careers derailed and the livelihoods lost .
But most of all , shock .
By September 2008 , America had already entered the age of the bailout , and despite a week of insisting there would be no government money to save Lehman Brothers , no one could quite believe that Hank Paulson , Treasury secretary , and Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke would let the bank go to the wall .
Lehman Brothers had 25,000 staff around the world , 4,500 at its European headquarters in Canary Wharf in London , where the scenes of bagging and boxing were repeated the next morning .
It was the fourth largest of the Wall Street investment banks and the oldest .
It had survived repeated financial panics around the turn of the 19th century and thrived during the Great Depression .
It had over $ 600 bn of assets and vast , untanglable trading relationships with every other major firm in finance .
It was , almost everyone agreed , too big to fail .
And yet fail it did .
In the small hours of the morning , on Monday , 15 September 2008 , Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy , the biggest in American history by a factor of six .
It is no less extraordinary , one year on , to recall images from that weekend , probably the defining pictures of this great financial crisis .
The NYPD officer shouting into the crowd was dead wrong .
We were n't just looking at a bunch of people who lost their jobs .
( And many , in the end , did n't . )
We were looking at the symbolic end of a way of life on Wall Street and the start of very real economic horrors for the rest of us .
We were looking – we can say this with confidence – at a terrible , terrible error .
" It 's unconscionable what they did – or more accurately what they did n't do , " says Joseph Stiglitz , Nobel prize - winning economist and professor at Columbia University .
" They did n't do their homework .
People were talking about the failure of Lehman Brothers from the moment of the failure of Bear Stearns in March , or before , and they did n't do a thing .
If they knew there was systemic risk , why did n't they do anything about it ? "
Paulson had been pushing Lehman to find a solution to its problems , to sell itself or to raise cash .
He had not been preparing a government - sponsored contingency plan .
There was none .
That weekend , everyone was flying blind .
Lehman 's fate was sealed not in the boardroom of that gaudy Manhattan headquarters .
It was sealed downtown , in the gloomy grey building of the New York Federal Reserve , the Wall Street branch of the US central bank .
Almost exactly 10 years previously , Dick Fuld , the scrappy Lehman boss , had sat in the Fed 's wood - panelled conference room and hammered out with his fellow chief executives the deal that rescued Long - Term Capital Management ( LTCM ) .
On that occasion , when one of the largest hedge funds tottered and threatened to bring down the financial system , Wall Street 's finest minds found a way to save it .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
This was precisely the template that Paulson , Bernanke and the New York Fed chairman Tim Geithner had in mind when they summoned Wall Street bosses again on the Friday of Lehman 's final weekend .
One by one they got the call :
Be here at 6 pm .
Only this time , Fuld was not invited .
He would be left to rattle around the Times Square boardroom , awaiting his bank 's fate .
How had it come to this ?
In 1850 , Henry , Emanuel and Mayer Lehman , Bavarian immigrants to Alabama , began bartering for cotton as payment from customers at their store , and within a few years these original Lehman Brothers were full - blown commodities traders .
Subsequent generations of Lehmans would take the firm into investment banking , backing America 's great retail enterprises , from Woolworth's to Macy's , and then funding the first television manufacturers and broadcasters in the Thirties .
Richard Severin Fuld , son of a well - to - do New York family , came to Lehman in 1969 as a trader of commercial paper , and quickly proved himself boisterous , even by the standards of a Wall Street trading floor .
Colleagues named him The Gorilla , and his brutality was legendary .
He ruled by intimidation , and he conceived of Wall Street as a war , his staff a great fighting force manning a battleship , its guns permanently trained on even bigger rivals .
His " never surrender " attitude meant that he rejected offers from potential buyers for Lehman Brothers earlier in 2008 , when outsiders were saying the bank was too weak to survive on its own .
The great outpouring of anger against him has come not just from the public and politicians , but from Lehman staff .
The New York artist Geoffrey Raymond set up camp outside the Lehman offices on the day after the bankruptcy , and handed green marker pens to employees to graffiti a portrait of Fuld .
It is littered with sarcastic messages .
" Nice trade , " says one .
Another : " Enjoy your old age , Prick Fuld . "
Hauled before Congress in October , his only public outing since the fall of Lehman , Fuld blamed " rumours , speculation , misunderstandings and factual errors " for the collapse .
" I want to be very clear .
I take full responsibility for the decisions that I made and for the actions that I took based on the information we had at the time , " he said , but there was nothing he would have done differently .
Like the bosses of other investment banks , Fuld had been salivating since the middle of the decade over the enormous profits on offer from slicing and dicing America 's mortgages into securities for sale to investors around the world .
Lehman rushed headlong into this business , ignoring warnings that the US housing market had become dangerously overheated and that mortgage brokers were doling out loans to people who could never repay them .
The bank was also one of the biggest financiers of commercial property and had taken some pretty optimistic views of its portfolio's worth .
A reckoning was fast approaching and Lehman had put itself at more risk than most : to juice results and get ahead of the competition , it had pumped itself up on debt .
The bank held less than a dollar in reserves for every $ 30 of its liabilities .
As long as it had assets to match them , this was fine .
But investors were increasingly sceptical about the value of the assets Lehman claimed .
In that final week , when Fuld announced a further $ 3.9bn loss , confidence collapsed .
Clients fled .
Jamie Dimon , head of the mighty JPMorgan Chase , another storied investment bank , phoned personally to demand that Lehman put up $ 5bn in collateral or he'd pull the bank 's credit lines .
Lehman scraped together the coin – just – and made it to the weekend , but it was clear it was n't coming out the other side as an independent bank .
***
Henry Merritt Paulson ,
Hank to everyone , is a man of impeccable free market credentials .
It is gobsmacking that he will go down in history as the Treasury secretary who ordered the biggest - ever government intervention in the US banking system .
It is still gobsmacking to him , too .
Terrifying looking – totally bald , with the thick neck of the American football player that he was in college – Paulson had been both an obvious choice for Treasury secretary and an odd one .
The $ 37 m - a- year boss of Goldman Sachs had been wooed by President George Bush in 2006 with the promise of autonomy over economic policy , and he reluctantly accepted the call to service , becoming the latest in a long line of Goldman executives to pass through the revolving door into government .
But he was not a natural politician , a tub - thumper in negotiation rather than a flatterer , and a tongue - tied mess in public speaking .
The best orator in the world would have had trouble explaining the Treasury 's policy pirouettes as the credit crisis spiralled last year .
In March , Paulson had orchestrated the sale of Bear Stearns to JPMorgan , financed with the loan of public money from the Federal Reserve .
Just the weekend before Lehman collapsed , he had ordered the mother of all bailouts , the nationalisation of America 's two mortgage finance giants , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , putting the Treasury on the hook for potentially hundreds of billions of dollars .
Yet in subsequent days , he had rediscovered his free market mojo .
Capitalism must claim its scalps .
Banks that take too much risk should be hoist on that petard .
If the government were to guarantee nobody fails , then what 's to stop bankers rolling the dice for higher and higher stakes – and higher and higher bonuses when the gambles pay off ?
This was the line in the sand moment , Paulson figured .
The time to " re-establish moral hazard " .
Lehman would get no money from the government .
Wall Street would have to sort this one out itself .
No bailout this weekend , he said .
It was a message delivered by the Fed 's Tim Geithner , the quiet - spoken government apparatchik whose career was forged in the Asian debt crises of a decade earlier , when the chief executives piled in to the Fed that Friday evening .
Some blame him for not delivering it forcefully enough .
Paulson and Bernanke did deliver it forcefully , but all the way through that fraught weekend it hung there in the room :
You did it for Bear Stearns .
Few could really believe that there would n't somehow be taxpayer money , Fed loans or government guarantees – something – to smooth a rescue .
In a 48 - hour blizzard of brainstorming and deal - doing , Wall Street was changed forever .
But not in the way Paulson had hoped .
It was clear from that Saturday morning , when the titans of the industry reconvened , that Lehman was infinitely more complicated than LTCM before it .
The chief executives were split into teams , some to examine how awful Lehman 's property portfolio might be , others to try to untangle Lehman 's trading relationships .
No one doubted that the consequences of failing to do a deal could be catastrophic , but the bickering began immediately .
One plan was for the biggest banks to put up money to cover losses on the $ 85 bn property portfolio , while freeing up the good bits of Lehman – its fiery bond trading business – for sale to one of the two suitors in the room , Bank of America or the UK's Barclays .
John Mack spoke up against the idea .
How was it fair that his firm , Morgan Stanley , should end up with a slice of a dodgy property portfolio while Barclays or BofA walks off with the Lehman jewels ?
Other firms pointed out that that , after the credit crisis , they could n't afford to rescue of someone else .
Nonetheless , talks continued .
Bob Diamond , who runs Barclays ' investment banking division , had made no secret of his desire to turn it into a global powerhouse , but had previously argued it was better to poach staff from rivals , rather than buy competitors outright and be saddled with reluctant employees .
This weekend , though , he scented the chance for a bold move .
Barclays advisers crawled all over Lehman 's books , as Diamond barked orders .
No less ambitious was Ken Lewis , the bespectacled banker from North Carolina , whose Bank of America has long been an also - ran in investment banking .
The company 's bright - red branches dominated retail banking , but Lewis 's attempts to build an investment bank to rival Goldman Sachs and its peers were always something of a laughing stock .
When bad bets by its Wall Street traders had wiped out the profits from the retail banking side in 2007 , Mr Lewis said he had had " all the fun I can stand in investment banking " .
But Lewis saw an opportunity to change his fortunes with an audacious bid for Lehman , and his staff had been sniffing around all week .
By Friday , though , they knew they could n't make the numbers work .
His team of advisers flew back to North Carolina empty - handed on Saturday morning , only to be told to get straight back on the plane to New York .
Now Lewis was flying in with them .
The mission had changed .
There was a new target .
They touched down around lunchtime .
Early Saturday morning , Lewis had taken a call from John Thain , a protégé of Paulson from his Goldman Sachs days , who now ran Merrill Lynch .
Thain was brainy in a way that did n't quite add up to smart .
He would later lose his job at Merrill and his reputation when it was revealed he had spent squandered $ 1.2 m of shareholders ' cash on redecorating his office with a $ 35,000 " commode on legs " , an $ 8,000 rug and a $ 1,400 " parchment waste can " .
That morning , though , Thain had seen an important pattern in the credit crisis .
With markets panicking , investors and clients were sucking their money away from whichever bank looked the most dangerous .
After Bear Stearns in March it had been Lehman .
After Lehman , it would be Merrill .
Thain was determined not to do a Dick Fuld – fight the market and lose .
To salvage what he could of the 94 - year old firm , he was willing to sell it .
The next day , Merrill agreed to be taken over .
It is time to " spray foam on the runway " , Tim Geithner told his sleep - deprived officials on Sunday afternoon .
Lehman was going to crash .
Only then did the truth dawn .
Paulson , Geithner and Bernanke had not been negotiating .
There really would be no government guarantees , no taxpayer bailout .
Bob Diamond at Barclays had come closest to a deal , but even he had come back to the Treasury demanding that it backstop Lehman 's trading positions until he could arrange a vote of Barclays shareholders .
When Barclays received a " no " , the game was over for Lehman .
Dick Fuld , pacing uptown , had come to the same realisation by the middle of Sunday .
Geithner was not returning his calls .
He had telephoned Ken Lewis 's home in North Carolina so often that Donna Lewis had to tell him to stop .
If her husband wanted to call him back , he would .
Spraying foam on the runway meant doing whatever was possible to keep markets happy while the unpredictable consequences of Lehman 's failure played out .
The Fed promised to pump money into the markets .
The terrified Wall Street chief executives agreed to pay for a $ 70bn insurance fund that they could draw on if any turned out to have big exposure to Lehman losses .
Meanwhile , Geithner shifted his attention to the insurance giant AIG , where he was trying to orchestrate another private - sector rescue .
There was not enough foam .
When Lehman crashed , pieces flew off in all directions .
On the Monday morning , an exhausted - looking Paulson began a tense press conference with an attempt at levity .
" I hope you all had a good weekend , " he said .
He insisted that markets had had a long time to prepare for Lehman 's collapse , and the banking system was " safe and sound " .
But it was n't .
Investment funds that had promised their savers they were the safest place for their money came forward to say they had lost money on Lehman , sparking panic .
The private sector pulled away from AIG , leaving the Fed no alternative but to nationalise it , and worry about untangling its vast sub - prime mortgage trades later .
By Wednesday , the credit markets had seized up entirely .
Big corporations were reporting difficulty getting funding to pay wages and invoices .
The economy appeared in grave danger .
By the middle of the week , Paulson would complain : " I feel like Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid .
Who are these guys that just keep coming ? "
On Thursday night , the Treasury went literally down on his knees before Nancy Pelosi , speaker of the House of Representatives , begging her to agree taxpayer money to bail out the financial system .
Bernanke , a scholar of the financial panic that caused the Great Depression , told fearful lawmakers there would n't be a banking system in place by Monday morning if they did n't act .
Paulson talked openly about planning for martial law , about how to feed the American people if banking and commerce collapsed .
Despite this , it would take almost two weeks before Congress agreed – at the second attempt .
***
The best defence of the decision to let Lehman fail is that it shocked Congress into providing funds to recapitalise the banking system – something it might not have done without the scenes of Lehman staff carrying their boxes into the street .
If the credit crisis had continued to play out slowly , largely hidden from public view , America 's sclerotic political system may never have mustered the energy to react .
But the consequences of those 48 hours , when Paulson 's laissez - faire capitalism briefly reasserted itself , were severe .
Ben Bernanke admits that Lehman 's demise had consequences for the rest of the economy .
" It was that shock to the financial system that led to the global recession that began last fall , which was probably the worst one since World War Two , " he told public television .
" When Lehman Brothers failed , the financial markets went into anaphylactic shock , basically . "
" People argue that if it was n't Lehman Brothers it would have been something else , " says Alan Blinder , the former Federal Reserve board member and professor at Princeton University .
" I do n't buy that .
I do n't mean everything would have been great if we had bailed out Lehman .
We were in a financial crisis before Lehman .
But it had a shock value that just caused everything to fall off a cliff .
If you look at data on almost anything – consumer spending , investment spending , car sales , employment – it just drops off the table at Lehman Brothers and I do n't think we needed to have that . "
Paulson 's initial defence of letting Lehman fail , that he believed the market had had time to prepare , gave way to the one he uses today , echoed by Bernanke .
This is that there was simply no way the Fed or the Treasury could have intervened .
There was no legal mechanism to provide funds to an insolvent company .
It 's an argument that still perplexes many .
" That 's their second line , " says Joseph Stiglitz .
" When their first line looked incredible , they decided they did n't have the legal authority .
It should be viewed as an unacceptable .
They did n't have legal authority to do Lehman Brothers , but two days later they had legal authority to do AIG , an insurance company ?
Nobody thought they had legal authority to do Bear Stearns , but they found a legal authority . "
The Treasury – now run by Geithner , appointed by Barack Obama to succeed Paulson in January – and the Fed are pushing Congress for precisely the formal powers they say they need to seize and sort out future Lehmans .
The proposal is part of a wider set of reforms designed to ensure Wall Street is never again allowed to run wild , gamble with so much borrowed money , or to allow firms to grow so big they can hold the economy to ransom when they get into trouble .
But these reforms are bogged down in Congress , in the teeth of a resurgent lobbying effort from the finance industry .
One year older , one year wiser , and yet we still can't say with any certainty : never again .
The cast of a financial drama :
Where are they now ?
Dick Fuld
The last CEO of Lehman Brothers has made one public appearance since that fateful weekend , telling a Congressional hearing that the pain will stay with him for the rest of his life .
Friends report he feels betrayed by Hank Paulson , and mystified by what he could have done differently , but he is now personally besieged by lawsuits from shareholders claiming he misled them .
Ken Lewis
The Bank of America chief executive has lived to rue that whirlwind weekend of dealmaking – the acquisition of Merrill turned out to be pure poison .
Spiralling losses forced Lewis to go cap in hand for a government bailout , and shareholders revolted , stripping him of the additional title of chairman .
His days at the helm are numbered .
Hank Paulson
The former Treasury secretary had longed for retirement , a return to his loves of bird - watching and rearing wildlife on his farm in Illinois , but he has instead been fighting to salvage his reputation .
Assailed by Congress , which believed he was more interested in helping his friends at Goldman Sachs than saving the real economy , he is writing a self - justificatory book , out in the New Year .
Bob Diamond
The Barclays investment banking chief is the only undisputed winner : his bank 's logo now scrolls across the façade of 745 Seventh Avenue .
Diamond refuses to be cowed by public revulsion against Wall Street pay , and continues to poach bankers with high bonuses .
John Mack
The Morgan Stanley chief kept his cool as panic threatened to engulf even his firm .
He persuaded regulators to ban speculation against his shares and then became one of the first to pay back the government bailout .
Slated to retire next year .
Jamie Dimon
This smooth son of Greek immigrants is now the King of Wall Street .
JPMorgan Chase absorbed not just Bear Stearns , but also the giant Washington Mutual .
One of the few CEOs who pulled out of sub - prime in time , his cockiness is at new highs .
Ben Bernanke
Obama prevaricated over reappointing the Republican academic to the Fed chairmanship , but an overwhelming number of economists advised that Bernanke – despite his mistakes – should be rewarded for preventing the crisis becoming , in his words , " Depression 2.0 " .
Lloyd Blankfein
Proving that bankers can make money in any market , Goldman Sachs has soared back into the black this year , but Blankfein , its CEO , has become a lightning rod for criticism of Wall Street .
He faces the tricky question of what to do about his bonus .
At the current rate , he is on course to get a package worth $ 50 m this year .
Will he have the balls to take it ?
Timothy Geithner
With markets still in panic mode in January , Obama believed that promoting the New York Fed chairman to Paulson 's old job would bring continuity .
It almost backfired , when it was revealed Geithner had failed to pay $ 35,000 in back taxes and his first bank rescue plan as Treasury secretary sent markets plunging .
But he is growing in stature .
John Thain
The Merrill boss went from hero to zero in four months .
He got $ 50bn from Bank of America , but his relationship with BofA 's Ken Lewis was a disaster .
Merrill 's losses spiralled out of control and Lewis blamed Thain for keeping him in the dark .
When
Thain asked for a multi-million - dollar bonus , it was the last straw , and he was fired by Lewis in January in a 15 - minute meeting .
The act that made crisis inevitable
By Larry McDonald , a former Lehman Brothers vice - president
Sometimes I lie awake at night trying to place all the if - onlys in some kind of order .
Sometimes the order changes , and sometimes there is a new leader , one single aspect of the Lehman collapse that stands out above all others .
But it 's never clear .
Except when I stand right here and look up at the great glass fortress which once housed Lehman , and focus on that 31st floor .
Then it 's clear .
Boy , is it ever clear .
And the phrase if only slams into my brain .
If only they had listened – Dick Fuld and his president , Joe Gregory .
Three times they were hit with the irredeemable logic of three of the cleverest financial brains on Wall Street – those of Mike Gelband , our global head of fixed income , Alex Kirk , global head of distressed trading research and sales , and Larry McCarthy , head of distressed bond trading .
Each laid it out , from way back in 2005 , that the real estate market was living on borrowed time and that Lehman Brothers was headed directly for the biggest subprime iceberg ever seen , and with the wrong men on the bridge .
Dick and Joe turned their backs all three times .
It was probably the worst triple since St Peter denied Christ .
Beyond that , there were six more if - onlys , each one as cringemakingly awful as the last .
If only Chairman Fuld had kept his ear close to the ground on the inner workings of his firm – both its triumphs and its mistakes .
If he had listened to his generals , met people who formed the heart and soul of Lehman Brothers , the catastrophe might have been avoided .
But instead of this , he secluded himself in his palatial offices up there on the 31st floor , remote from the action , dreaming only of accelerating growth , nursing ambitions far removed from reality .
If only the secret coup against Fuld and Gregory had taken place months before that clandestine meeting in June 2008 .
If the 11 managing directors who sat in ostensibly treasonous but ultimately loyal comradeship that night had acted sooner and removed the Lehman leaders , they might have steadied the ship , changing its course .
If only the reign of terror that drove out the most brilliant of Lehman 's traders and risk takers had been halted earlier , perhaps in the name of common sense .
The top managers might have marshalled their forces immediately when they saw giants such as Mike Gelband being ignored .
If only Dick Fuld had kept his anger and resentment under control .
Especially at that private dinner in the spring of 2008 with Hank Paulson , secretary of the United States Treasury .
That was when Fuld 's years of smouldering envy of Goldman Sachs came to the surface .
Could that perhaps have been the moment Hank decided he could not bring himself to bail out the bank controlled by Richard S Fuld ?
If only President George W Bush had taken the final , desperate call from Fuld 's office , a call made by his own cousin , George Walker IV , in the night hours before the bank filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
It might have made a difference .
If only ... if only .
Those two words haunt my dreams .
I go back to the fall of Lehman and what might have made things different .
For most people , victims or not of this worldwide collapse of the financial markets , it will be , in time , just water over the dam .
But it will never be that for me , and my long background as a trader and researcher has prompted me many times to burrow further to the bedrock , the cause of the crash of 2008 .
I refer to the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act in 1999 .
If only President Clinton had never signed the bill repealing Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 , the post - Wall Street crash legislation that prevented commercial banks merging with investment banks , thus eliminating the opportunity for high - rolling investment guys to get their hands on limitless supplies of depositors ' money .
Glass - Steagall was nothing short of a barrier , and it stayed in place for more than 60 years , but the major US banks wanted it abolished .
I remember my concern as I watched the television news on November 12 , 1999 .
The action on the screen was flying in the face of everything my dad had told me .
I was watching President Clinton step up , possibly against his better judgment , and sign into law the new Financial Services Modernisation Act , repealing Glass - Steagall .
In less than a decade , this act would be directly responsible for bringing the entire world to the brink of financial ruin .
Especially mine .
From " A Colossal Failure of Common Sense " by Larry McDonald ( Ebury ) .
To order a copy for the special price of £ 7.59 ( free P&P ) call 08430 600 030 , or visit Independentbooksdirect.co.uk
“ The short and intermediate term look pretty good , ” Wieting told CNBC .
“ Longer - term though , we ’re not making room for fiscal consolidation .
I think we ’re going to have a high level of Treasury borrowing even when the economy recovers and private credit demand picks up . ”
Wieting said there is recovery in the manufacturing production but “ it ’s got a long way to go . ”
“ Outside vehicles , we ’re still underproducing relative to this low sales pace and production is picking up , ” he said .
CNBC Data Pages :
“ That ’s going to put some upward pressure on commodities , but ultimately , it ’s demand pace that ’s going to matter .
And the fact that profits are rising robustly is going to get us continued pick - up in the manufacturing . ”
In the meantime , Pento said the Federal Reserve has made interest rates artificially low and the government is looking at “ blowing another bubble in home prices and , in fact , they want to blow a bubble in the whole economy . ”
“ We ’re going back to 2007 and we have learned nothing — absolutely nothing , ” he said .
More Market Intelligence :
______________________________
CNBC Slideshows :
______________________________
______________________________
CNBC 's Companies in the News :
BP
Morgan Stanley
Invesco
Morgan Stanley Unit Sold for $ 1.5 Billion to Invesco
MGM Mirage
Kerkorian Mulls Reducing MGM Mirage Stake
______________________________
Disclosure :
No immediate information was available for Pento or Wieting .
______________________________
Disclaimer
The white sands of Seven Mile Beach on Grand Cayman have long caressed the toes of the world 's wealthiest financiers , who flock to this balmy spit to avoid the taxman 's prying eyes .
But the world 's biggest hedge - fund venue and fifth - biggest bank centre is now threatened , as the government of the Cayman Islands heads for bankruptcy — unable to pay its own staff and facing the prospect of introducing taxes as income from the world 's shrunken financial system collapses .
But the situation is about to get worse after the British government , which has ultimate responsibility for the islands , last week refused to bail out the Caribbean idyll .
It is not convinced the country will have the money to pay it back .
At the same time , hundreds of civil servants found that pension contributions and health insurance payments were missing from their pay slips .
Contractors and government suppliers also had bills unpaid .
The leader of government business , William McKeeva Bush , begged the British government to borrow $ 310 m ( £ 190 m ) from banks .
In a strongly worded response , Chris Bryant , a junior Foreign Office minister , has demanded the Caymans cut its borrowing and debt .
And in a shockwave that will send tremors through the island 's financial elite , Bryant even suggested that the tax haven introduce taxes .
" I fear you will have no choice but to consider new taxes – perhaps payroll and property taxes , " Bryant wrote to Bush .
" I understand , of course , that in so doing you will want to consider carefully the implications for Caymans ' economy , including the financial services industry . "
The wealth in the Caymans is staggering .
Its hedge funds alone look after $ 2.3tn ( £ 1.4tn ) , according to figures last year , and its GDP places it as the world 's 12th richest jurisdiction , despite a population of only 51,900 .
It made the Caymans a high - profile target as the global financial storm clouds broke .
The Caymans were singled out by Barack Obama last year in his presidential campaign .
It was also placed on a " grey list " of harmful tax jurisdictions by the OECD last April .
Chris Johnson , a British accountant who has lived there since 1968 , is worried about his future for the first time in decades .
" I would say I am pessimistic now .
The island is in terrible trouble financially , " he said .
The Cayman Islands , like most Caribbean island nations , is deeply divided socially and economically .
On the one hand there are the ultra- wealthy – Microsoft 's Paul Allen and golf champion Tiger Woods both moor their yachts there .
On the other there are the native Caymanians , many of whom live in simple single - storey breeze block homes typical of the islands , with chickens and goats running about on scrub - like surrounding land .
They are poor people who largely exist on the island to serve the wealthy in the hotels , private clubs and staffed households .
Cayman islanders say the previous government spent a huge amount of money upgrading the island 's ancient infrastructure , betting it would be able to pay back a budget deficit of $ 67.5 m as its financial sector continued to grow .
But the global financial crisis has created a huge black hole in its budget .
The government charges financial institutions a licence fee based on employee numbers .
But as banks and hedge funds shrink , income has declined .
More seriously , US tourists cannot afford to visit .
To fix the hole , taxes on personal income , financial transactions and tourism are being discussed .
Most likely will be the introduction of a property tax .
Richard Murphy , of the campaign group Tax Justice Network , said : " Cayman is proving three things .
The first is that tax havens are not sustainable : their business model is bankrupt .
The second is that free - riding the tax system can't pay .
The third is that international finance services that uses these places undermine the effective operations of states by denying them the resources they need to fulfil local electoral mandates . "
One hedge - fund insider who lived in the Caymans said : " The heavy spending was well - intentioned because Caymans ' infrastructure – schools , public health services , social services – are quite poor , given the assumed wealth of Grand Cayman .
The devastating hurricane Ivan in 2004 did n't help …
The problem was , the debt created to finance the capital expenditures was only affordable if the island 's economy continued to grow rapidly .
It was said many times that a US recession could lead to big problems . "
And so it has been proved .
The British government , which has ultimate responsibility for the Caymans , will hope that the islands ' problems do not wash up on its shores .
With November 4 rapidly approaching and a narrow lead in the polls , the Bangor Daily News and the Portland Press Herald have come out against Question 1 by supporting marriage equality in Maine .
From the Bangor Daily News …
Further , extending the right of marriage to a small segment of the population that has been excluded furthers the state ’s interest in promoting stable families and communities .
The Maine legislation also took important steps , mirroring the state ’s Human Rights Law , to respect religious freedom and traditions .
No church will be compelled to perform or recognize marriages that run counter to its faith .
This strikes the difficult balance of respecting religious freedom while ensuring equality .
From the Portland Press Herald …
While this change in the law could seem abrupt to some Maine voters , it reflects the way people are really living now in cities and towns all over our state .
That ’s why we urge people to vote “ no , ” to allow this reasonable law to go into effect .
Leaders of the people ’s veto campaign argue that extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to families headed by same - sex couples would have broad effects throughout society .
We have listened to their arguments , but we just do n’t buy them .
While it ’s technically true that the law would change the wording of the definition of marriage in state statute , it would not change the institution as it exists in Maine for thousands of traditional couples .
Those vows would not be any weaker if same - sex couples were allowed to take them .
Marriage would remain the key foundation for creating families , with the rights and responsibilities that come with it spelled out in the law , whether those families are headed by same - or opposite - sex couples .
Limiting marriage to a man and a woman would not make families led by same - sex couples go away .
It would just keep them in a legally inferior position that is inconsistent with Maine ’s tradition of equal protection under the law .
Gay men and women already live together , own property and have children , both biological and adopted .
They hold responsible jobs , they volunteer in churches and schools – they are full members of our communities .
The only thing they cannot do is form the legal partnership that gives them the advantages and duties that other couples have when they start families .
The same - sex couples are not the only losers .
This also puts their children at a disadvantage .
Dragon Age : Origins has been an uncharacteristically low - profile game from BioWare .
The studio has certainly put its marketing weight behind the game , but it 's failed to capture the imagination of gamers in the same way Mass Effect did .
After having spent two days with the full product in Edmonton , I must say that the lack of attention the game is getting is something of a travesty .
BioWare 's new IP might look like a Lord of the Rings clone to the untrained eye , but the game itself is original , inventive and bloody good fun .
The mix of high fantasy and dark fantasy evokes more of a Black Company vibe than LotR , despite the plentiful presence of elves and dwarves .
If you 're a fan of BioWare and RPGs in general , you ought to be keeping an eye on this one .
Read on for the full preview , as I tell you exactly why .
Dragon Age : Origins ( PC , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 )
Developer : BioWare
Publisher : Electronic Arts
To be released : November 3 , 2009
Dragon Age : Origins takes its subtitle from the six origin stories that players start the game with .
Players get to choose between the Human Noble , the Human / Elf Mage , the City Elf , the Dalish Elf , the Dwarf Commoner and the Dwarf Nobleman .
Although each character eventually becomes a Grey Warden and follows the same general storyline , there are six opening scenarios that provide a unique origin and details how your chosen warrior comes to join up with the only force able to fight back the evil Darkspawn .
As with any Western RPG , personalization is important .
The character creation mode greets new players , and thankfully the options are deep without being overwhelming .
Too many RPGs these days have such deep and complex character creation tools that it becomes impossible to create a character one 's happy with .
The slightly more restricted character creator in Dragon
Age manages to keep things quicker and easier , and characters generally come out looking good .
As well as choosing a character , players can also choose a class .
Some classes are restricted to certain characters , and as the game progresses , these classes can be further specialized .
For instance , a Mage might eventually work his way toward becoming a feared and deadly Blood Mage .
The three base classes are Rogue , Warrior and Mage , and each one works as you 'd expect , with Rogues able to act as stealthy thieves , Warriors packing a selection of hard - hitting physical attacks and Mages ... well , you know what they do .
Interestingly , the Mage class in Dragon Age is surprisingly effective .
Mages are usually nerfed pretty badly in RPGs , but my experience with all three classes indicates that the magic - wielders make for the best characters , able to keep their distance and learn
Heal spells that wo n't tax the seemingly rare health potions that other classes rely on .
Mages can provide support to their allies as well as directly attack enemies with powerful spells , making them incredibly versatile .
The Warrior , usually the strongest class in any RPG , is made to look frail by comparison .
That said , the other classes are worth checking out .
The City Elf , for example , has a wonderful Origin story where he must save his bride - to - be from getting raped by an Arl 's corrupt and lecherous son .
I 'm also fairly certain that both the Rogue and the Warrior will access far more effective skills later on that make them an adequate match for the Mage , but my time was not long enough to confirm that , unfortunately .
I 've tried all classes , but I started out with an Elven Mage .
Mages start their story locked away in the Circle of Magi , a place where all magic - wielders must be kept for the safety of the kingdom , due to their vast power and tendency to get possessed by demons .
Prospective Mages must endure " The Harrowing , " a test of skill that seems them entering a realm of magic called The Fade and fighting off a demon .
Mages that wo n't or can't face The Harrowing have two other options :
They can be killed , or they can become " Tranquil . "
Tranquils have been sapped of all magic power and emotion , basically turning them into Vulcans .
After successfully completing my own Harrowing , a fellow Mage and friend confesses that he 's been having a secret love affair with a Priestess .
The only problem is that he 's learned he is to be made Tranquil , which would remove all his feelings and end the relationship .
Instead , he plans to escape and wants my help .
Since the game is all about choices , I had the option to betray him , and since he was an annoying git , I took that choice and went blabbing to my superior .
I was instructed to play along and help the Mage escape with his girlfriend , all as part of a ploy to entrap him .
The fact that the game lets you reach such levels of duplicity immediately impressed me , and I spent this whole section giggling over just how badly I was going to screw these poor idiots over .
These kinds of choices present themselves throughout the game and each big choice will have an effect on how the game plays out .
In addition , your choice of race and class will also affect how character will address you .
Playing a lowly City Elf , for example , will not see you greeted as warmly as if you were a Human Noble .
It 's this mixture of subtle alteration and vast consequence that makes Dragon Age interesting and worth playing through more than once .
I played through the opening several times , as a variety of characters , and had a unique experience each session .
As far as combat goes , players who are familiar with Knights of the Old Republic will feel at home .
After targeting an enemy , opponents will automatically attack each other with their equipped weapons .
Meanwhile , you can manually select special attacks and magic spells , which need a recharge time between each use .
Pretty simple , standard stuff , but it 's solidly produced and is the kind of nerdy dungeon - crawling combat that nerdy dungeon - crawlers will love .
Players also have the freedom to switch between characters at any time , accessing their own unique abilities and gaining more control of the battlefield .
In addition to this , one can also pause the game at any time and navigate the environment while the action is frozen .
Players can then issue orders to each ally , and the allies will perform their actions once the game is unpaused .
This adds an extra tactical edge to the battles , but it 's completely optional and is just a very neat way of giving players more control .
Unfortunately , allies really are n't all that reliable , and do enjoy getting themselves killed .
Even with the ability to customize their behavior patterns with a surprisingly deep AI menu , it can often be difficult to get a handle on who 's doing what and making sure everybody stays alive .
It does n't help that healing items , at least in the early stages , are n't in supply enough to meet demand , making the beginning chapters rough for non-Mage classes .
I played the game both on the PC and Xbox 360 , and any PC RPG player will know what to expect .
The Xbox 360 version is , of course , the wildcard and more interesting subject .
Those planning on playing the console version will be pleased to know that the controls have been very nicely streamlined for those not fluent in mice and keyboards .
The face buttons act as command hotkeys , with a press of the right trigger changing the buttons function and allowing for more commands .
In total , you can hotkey six commands , with the other skills being selected from a wheel that you bring up with the press of a bumper .
While obviously not quite as sprawling as the PC version , the console controls are nevertheless convenient and sensible .
Certainly far more well designed than say , Oblivion was .
My time with Dragon
Age was not long enough , and what I mean is that I desperately want to still be playing it .
Its dark storyline and fun RPG combat make for a solid backbone , but it 's the level of choice and personalization that players can bring to the game that truly allows Origins to stand out .
I 've never been a huge fan of BioWare 's previous games , but this one has impressed me , and I cannot wait to play the full game .
If you love RPGs , you 'd be a fool not to try Dragon Age out .
It 's going to be among the best roleplaying experiences of the year .
Click to open photo gallery :
Just looking at your car causes that knot in your stomach to begin to build up , right ?
Just the thought of getting behind the wheel in order to do simple things such as grocery shopping , visiting your family members , or just going to work is enough to cause your heart to beat faster and panic to set in .
Many people suffer from the fear of driving just like you .
On Driving - Fear.com you will learn techniques to overcome your fear of driving .
Learning what it takes to overcome your driving fear can be one of the most powerful , and liberating experiences you may ever have .
Driving fear does n’t have to control your life , or interfere with your quality of living .
However , you can only get over your driving anxiety when you develop the right understanding , and skills , to treat the causes and conditions that have created your anxiety in the first place .
On Driving - Fear.com you can : listen to driving phobia experts , read helpful articles , talk about your anxiety in the forums and even get free reports .
It ’s the most extensive resource for people who are suffering from driving fear .
You can start by reading one of the articles below :
" The health and safety of our student - athletes , coaches , staff and the broader community are of the utmost importance . "
Our favorite traffic barrel monster - maker is back after a short , umm ... incarceration and stint of community service , and look , now he 's given his monster a girlfriend !
Do n't they look cute together ?
Advertisement
That 's right , it looks as though imprisonment and a sentence of community service has n't dulled NC State student Joseph Carnevale 's creativity as the Barrel Monster has now returned to Hillsborough Street in Raleigh .
The only difference is this time he 's holding hands with a Mrs. Barrel Monster .
When did they have time to get hitched and how come we were n't invited to the wedding ?
Lame .
We 're totally returning the gift we got .
( Hat tip to Andrew ! ) [ WRAL ]
By James Copnall
BBC News , southern Sudan
In a village perched a difficult climb half - way up a steep mountain slope in South Sudan , a woman is grinding up leaves plucked from a tree .
The drab green powder - added to some water - will have to make do for lunch .
The government has not done anything here
Deputy village chief Pilagio Ohiasa Extreme poverty , hunger and frequent deadly inter-ethnic clashes make life in the region extremely tough .
South Sudan 's semi-autonomous government has received nearly $ 7bn ( £ 4.2 bn ) in oil revenue since it took over after a 2005 peace deal , but many question whether it is doing enough for its people .
The village , Lobira Boma in Eastern Equatoria , is remote even by southern Sudanese standards .
It was founded in 1987 , as people from the Latuka ethnic group built new homes half - way up the mountain to escape fierce fighting in the north - south civil war .
More than two decades on the war has ended , but the struggles of the villagers have not .
" Every day we eat these leaves , every day " says Josephine , convinced this unhealthy diet and the local water leads to eyesight problems .
An official from the local church and aid workers warn that hunger will be a real problem this year , since the rains came late .
In this difficult period , many in Lobira Boma feel neglected .
Village militia
" The government has not done anything here , " says Pilagio Ohiasa , the deputy village chief .
Villagers worry that their unvaried diet is unhealthy " It 's like they are completely absent .
It 's only non-governmental organisations .
They built a health centre , sometimes they give us things .
But the government has not touched anything in this village . "
The village even looks after its own security .
Young men armed with knives and even rifles stroll around the village , dodging herds of goats and the occasional cow .
For many in southern Sudan , insecurity is a huge concern .
More than 2,000 people have been killed in inter-ethnic clashes in Jonglei State alone this year , according to the UN .
Jonglei , just north of Eastern Equatoria , is the size of Bangladesh , and has only 50 km ( 31 miles ) of roads usable all year round , which gives some idea of the problems facing the authorities .
It is difficult for the government of South Sudan to move troops to protect villagers , or to chase after attackers .
The south has a long history of inter-ethnic fighting , exacerbated by two civil wars .
Even now politicians from one ethnic group or another are accused of stirring up conflict to fuel their own agendas .
" The communities are crying for the government to come to their help , " says one southerner who prefers not to be named .
We are the only ruling political party in the whole African continent that sacked two ministers of finance because of allegations of corruption
SPLM's Pagan Amum
South Sudan leader urges split " The government has to be serious in uniting the people , and not separating them .
The politicians are happy to cause divisions or confusions in our society . "
Most of the inter-ethnic fighting takes place out in the countryside , where resources are scarce .
But even in the main city Juba - a boom - town filling up with Kenyans , Ugandans and southern Sudanese keen to make a quick dollar - frustration with the south 's leaders is widespread .
Oil money ?
Officials drive around in flashy new 4x4s , receiving envious glances from the less fortunate .
" I think these roads will never be good , " says Akot , the driver of a " Boda Boda " or motorbike for hire , as he bounces along a dirt alley .
" They say they are building new roads , but I think the ministers just pocket the money . "
He is not alone in making the claim .
A report by the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs , a US - based non-governmental organisation , says that corruption is a problem " at all levels of government " .
" Misuse of public funds , favouritism in hiring and the existence of ghost names on government payrolls are examples of corruption that plague government offices , " the report says .
And when the US announced a new policy on Sudan last month , one of the strategic objectives was to " promote improved governing capacity and greater transparency in southern Sudan " .
The policy statement pointed out that financial transparency was key to attracting investment .
The SPLM says it does not have enough money to build sufficient schools
Pagan Amum , secretary general of the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) , the former rebels who now run the south , puts up a spirited defence when pressed on these matters .
He says the nearly $ 7bn ( £ 4.2 bn ) received as the south 's share of oil revenues is not nearly sufficient , considering the neglect of the south over many decades .
" It is not a lot of money compared to the real needs our people have ; $ 7bn is not enough to establish and run a government for four years ; $ 7bn is not enough to build all the schools , hospitals and roads that we need , " Mr Amum told the BBC .
He points out that hundreds of thousands of children have been enrolled in schools , and hospitals have been renovated .
" With this money we have done something , but it is only a drop in the ocean of the needs of the southern Sudanese people , " he said .
" We have built more than 5,000 km ( 3,100 miles ) of roads in southern Sudan , linking towns within the south , and the region with Kenya and Uganda . "
Like many southern officials , Mr Amum accuses the north of arming local groups to fuel inter-ethnic warfare in the south ahead of national elections due next year and a referendum on whether the south should secede from Sudan in 2011 .
The National Congress Party of President Omar al - Bashir has always denied the charge , and the SPLM has produced no recent evidence to back up the allegation .
Explosive mix
But this does not obscure the accusations of corruption made by ordinary people and foreign bodies alike .
" Corruption is a serious problem , " Mr Amum admitted , before shifting the blame to the north .
" We joined a highly corrupt government , with a civil service which is also corrupted , " he said .
" We declared a war on corruption .
We are the only ruling political party in the whole African continent that sacked two ministers of finance because of allegations of corruption .
" We are satisfied with what we have done in the last four years . "
No -one doubts the problems of southern Sudan are huge .
Low literacy rates , incredibly bad infrastructures , poverty , violence and hunger - the mix is explosive .
It would be an immense challenge for any administration .
But faced with sky - high expectations when it took power after 21 years of conflict and with crucial votes looming , the SPLM is under growing pressure to prove that it can improve the lives of its hard - pressed people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Who would be in your top three horror icons ?
Â
For a child of the 80s , Michael Myers , Jason Voorhees , and Freddy Krueger would have to be in the running .
Â Maybe Chucky ? Â Nah .
Rick managed to get a pretty good looking Michael Jackson costume together for Halloween .
Â
One wonders if he owned some of it already ?
Russia 's BESM class of supercomputers , designed more than 40 years ago , may give the lie to U.S. declared technological supremacy during the Cold War years
November 18 , 1992 .
Wednesday .
Deep in the heart of Siberia lives a winking monster .
It is rumored to occupy an entire floor and to be outfitted with thousands of flashing console lights .
Once part of the U.S.S.R.'s military , space , engineering , meteorological , and computer - science programs , it is the last working version of the legendary BESM - 6 supercomputer .
It stands amid the debris of its three compatriots , which have been smashed and melted down for the salvage value of their precious - metal content .
I have pushed forward the timing of our visit to the former Soviet Union in an effort to save the last machine from the same violent fate .
We have come to this place of snow and bitter winds to secure the working BESM - 6 supercomputer for the National Museum of Science and Industry , in London .
In preparation for the trip , I 've read whatever I could find on Russian computers .
The search of the literature has been both baffling and revealing .
I 've learned that Russian computer culture has its own tribal icons : Ural , MESM , Riad , Nairi , Strela , BESM , Elbrus -- acronymic tags as rich in shared history and personal associations to the Soviet computer community as our acronymic mantras are to us .
Yet because of security controls during the Cold War years , those machines are practically unknown to Western historians of computing and barely mentioned in the historical canon .
The years of silence were broken when the Iron Curtain lifted and Westerners were given access to centers of excellence previously off - limits .
They 've returned with tales of Russian - designed machines built into DEC consoles that outperform their Western equivalents by several orders of magnitude -- like Volkswagens with V - 8 engines -- and of ternary - logic computers ( known as MIRs ) for which there is no Western counterpart .
Eager to corroborate those stories for ourselves , we set off for the Institute of Informatic Systems , in Novosibirsk , Siberia .
I am curious to see the legendary machines I 've read about -- the URAL , the MIR , and especially the Elbrus , the Burroughs - based supercomputer that succeeded the BESM .
Shortly after our arrival , I turn to one of our hosts , Dimitri , a young computer scientist at the institute who will be our primary translator , and ask about those historic computers .
My questions are met by blank stares and polite evasions , so I let the subject drop .
We then embark on several days of intense negotiations over price and shipping arrangements for the historic equipment we 've come to buy -- the BESM , a Kronos workstation , and an AGAT personal computer ( the Russian Apple II ) , among other machines .
Agreement on each clause is accompanied by elaborate speechifying , a mandatory one - gulp swig of vodka , and renewed good fellowship .
On the third day our unremitting schedule of back - to - back meetings is suddenly canceled .
Out of the blue Dimitri announces , " At 3:30 you see Elbrus . "
And so I learn the central tenet of doing business Russian - style : what matters is not what you do or your level of authority ; what matters is with whom you 've forged personal ties .
The three days of negotiations appear to have established the requisite trust .
Now our hosts cannot do enough for us .
November 21 , 1992 .
Saturday .
We need a break .
The hours of nonstop talk and concomitant drink have left us bleary - eyed and hoarse .
Dimitri and three of his friends from the institute take us to a vast flea market that operates year - round in the frozen wastes outside Novosibirsk .
The market is called barakholka , which means , literally , " rubbish place . "
We 're told to conceal our foray from the directors of the institute : they are nervous about the physical risk to foreigners from hostile natives .
Dimitri warns us to carry no money or cameras and in no circumstances to speak English .
If we want to purchase something , we are to signal and withdraw out of earshot .
Our renegade young hosts from the institute will transact business for us .
The temperature is well below zero , and light snow is falling .
Next to livestock , car parts , furs , frozen meat , and household goods , we see stalls with integrated circuits ( ICs ) , electronic components , peripherals , radio parts , and partial chassis and subassemblies -- an open - air Siberian Lyle Street ( London 's stretch of shops selling used and cannibalized computer parts ) .
Prized among the loot are reverse - engineered Sinclair ZX - Spectrum clones ( Sinclairs were tiny computers built in the United Kingdom in the early 1980s that sold for about $ 150 ) with Russian documentation and games stored on audiocassette tapes .
The clones come in a variety of shapes , colors , and designs , and bear little resemblance to their Western counterparts .
Their motherboards were made unofficially in state electronics plants by underemployed workers , who then assembled the computers at home and sold them in ones or twos either privately or at flea markets .
We end up purchasing two Sinclair clones ; one of them comes with a guarantee -- a handwritten note with the telephone number of the teenager who assembled the device .
Cost : the equivalent of $ 19 U.S .
We return to the institute with our treasures .
Once inside I 'm struck by a contradiction : the building 's abundance of personal computers flies in the face of the regulations imposed by the Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls ( CoCom ) during the Cold War years -- regulations that restricted Eastern - bloc countries from purchasing advanced technology from the West .
The idea was to prevent their military , in particular , from pirating Western advances .
Long after 16 - bit machines were off - the - shelf consumer items in the United States and Western Europe , CoCom regulations confined advanced technology for West - to - East trade to 8 - bit machines with restrictions on clock speed and memory size .
I mention this to Dimitri .
" Yellow PCs , " he laughs , waving an arm at the secretaries ' colored screens .
He explains that the computers are branded and unbranded machines acquired through back - door deals with factories in East Asia under contract to Western companies .
" So , " I say , " Russians have the same passion for personal computers as Westerners ? "
Dimitri responds by pointing to the institute 's barred windows .
" How far apart do you think they are ? " he asks .
I look at him quizzically .
" Just less than the width of a PC , " he says .
He assures me that he is serious and explains that the bars were installed to stop people from lowering PCs out the windows to others waiting below .
But something still baffles me .
How , I wonder , does this jibe with the seemingly antitechnology bias I 've noticed outside the institute 's walls ?
Next to the cash register in most shops and hotels in the country is a Russian abacus , a schyotti .
Shopkeepers and desk clerks do their calculations on the schyotti , and then enter the total and ring it up on the till , even though most of the tills can do the addition automatically .
When I ask Dimitri about this odd practice , he explains that the general public distrusts new technology , that the schyotti is a symbol of a traditional , trusted procedure .
Paradoxically , the schyotti is now threatened by rampant inflation : the traditional wooden frames and wire crosspieces cannot hold enough beads to handle the smaller denominations of an increasingly devalued currency .
November 23 , 1992 .
Monday .
It 's time to wrap up our negotiations for the BESM , arguably the most influential computer in the history of Soviet computer science .
The giant machines -- from the prototype , the BESM - 1 ( 1953 ) , to the last of the line , the BESM - 6 ( 1966 ) -- were the workhorses of scientific and military computation , and the four - BESM system at the institute had at one time supported more than 300 independent users .
The BESM - 6 is of particular interest : it is reputedly the last indigenous Russian computer that performed on a par with its Western counterpart , the Control Data supercomputer of the mid-1960s .
More than 350 BESM - 6s were built .
The last of them were taken out of service in the early 1990s .
Our negotiations for the supercomputer have been tortuous but ultimately successful .
The system we will be shipping home comprises a full BESM processor ( a hybrid germanium / silicon discrete component transistor system with IC memory supporting standard disk and tape storage ) , power - supply cabinets , multiple peripherals , cabling , documentation , and spare parts .
With a more detailed understanding of this seminal Soviet supercomputer , we can perhaps revisit Cold War claims about the purported Russian technology lag and dispel or confirm some of the myths about the technological prowess of our new and tentative allies .
One man , identified only as Ted , told Polskie Radio : " Russia has laid bare its real intentions with respect to Poland .
Every
Pole most now get of the off the fence and be counted as a patriot or a traitor . "
The Most Crowded Beach in World
One regular summer day at beach in Korea …
These photos are from Haeundae Beach ( South Korea ) .
During the summer time , and especially on weekends , the area becomes a vertiable wall of humanity with more than 100,000 people packed in on a narrow , one mile strip of sand .
More on wikipedia .
Cock And Balls Sucking
Are you a fan of blowjob ?
Here you can find two fantastic cuties giving head to this lucky guy – watch now Viva Small and Diana !
Today these slender masseuses will show to their client how a good massage should be .
Watch two pink tongues licking this strong dick , and playing with his balls !
M-m-m , these lezzie cuties know how to make a guy really happy !
Hot nurses Viva Small and Diana sucks huge cock at ONLY BLOWJOB
A senior army explosives expert was killed while defusing a bomb in southern Afghanistan , it has been revealed .
Staff Sergeant Olaf Sean George Schmid , 30 , died instantly on Saturday while trying to make safe an improvised explosive device in the Sangin region of Helmand province , the Ministry of Defence said .
He was commanding an improvised explosive device disposal team ( IEDD ) , conducting what the MoD described as a " manual route search " to clear devices near a forward base .
Schmid , of the Royal Logistic Corps , was deployed to Afghanistan five months ago .
Since then he had made safe 64 IEDs and found 11 bomb - making centres , the MoD said .
He took part in operation Panther 's Claw , the army 's offensive to clear populated areas in central Helmand of Taliban insurgents .
So far this year 87 British service personnel have been killed in southern Afghanistan , compared with 51 for the whole of last year , according to the MoD .
Sangin district has been particularly dangerous for British troops , with many killed while on patrol over recent months .
The majority have been the victims of IEDs .
Army commanders are pressing the government to deploy more reconnaissance systems to Helmand , including unmanned drones , to get more intelligence about where and when roadside bombs are planted .
Schmid , also known as Oz , was from Winchester , Hampshire .
His wife , Christina , said : " Oz was a phenomenal husband and loving father who was cruelly murdered during a relentless five - month tour .
He was my best friend and soulmate .
The pain of losing him is overwhelming .
I take comfort knowing he saved countless lives with his hard work .
I am so proud of him . "
Schmid joined the army in 1996 and progressed through the ranks , being promoted to staff sergeant in April last year .
Lieutenant Colonel Gareth Bex , commanding officer of the British counter - IED taskforce in Helmand , described Schmid as a " brilliant IEDD operator and a superb soldier " .
He added : " We loved him like a brother ; he was a much adored member of our close - knit family … he had such a bright future ahead of him in a career that he so blatantly loved ; the army has been robbed of a superb talent . "
Lt Col Robert Thomson , commander of the 2 Rifles battle group , said Schmid was " simply the bravest and most courageous man I have ever met " .
He added : " [ Schmid ] saved lives in 2 Rifles time after time and for that he will retain a very special place in every heart of every rifleman in our extraordinary battle group .
Superlatives do not do the man justice .
Better than the best .
Better than the best of the best . "
One of Schmid 's colleagues , Major Tim Gould , described him as " a man of extreme courage " .
He added : " To see him out here in Afghanistan was to view a man very much in his element ; he simply loved what he did .
In fact , you would swear that he was born for it . "
A CNN Special Investigation drills down on the causes and the impact of the Fort Hood shootings , at 8 p.m. ET Saturday on CNN TV .
( CNN ) --
A soldier suspected of fatally shooting 12 and wounding 31 at Fort Hood in Texas on Thursday is not dead as previously reported by the military , the base 's commander said Thursday evening .
A civilian officer who was wounded in the incident shot the suspect , who is " in custody and in stable condition , " Army Lt. Gen. Robert Cone told reporters .
" Preliminary reports indicate there was a single shooter that was shot multiple times at the scene , " Cone said at a news conference .
" However , he was not killed as previously reported . "
The suspect , identified as Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood around 1:30 p.m. , Cone said .
Three others initially taken into custody for interviews have been released , Cone said .
Hasan , 39 , is a graduate of Virginia Tech and a psychiatrist licensed in Virginia who was practicing at Darnall Army Medical Center at Fort Hood , according to military and professional records .
Previously , he worked at Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
A federal official said Hasan is a U.S. citizen of Jordanian descent .
Military documents show that Hasan was born in Virginia and was never deployed outside the United States .
In a statement released Thursday , Hasan 's cousin , Nader Hasan , said his family is " filled with grief for the families of today 's victims . "
" Our family loves America .
We are proud of our country , and saddened by today 's tragedy , " the statement said .
" Because this situation is still unfolding , we have nothing else that we are able to share with you at this time . "
Hasan was scheduled to be deployed to Iraq " and appeared to be upset about that , " Sen .
Kay Bailey Hutchison , R - Texas , said .
" I think that there is a lot of investigation going on now into his background and what he was doing that was not known before , " Hutchison said .
Hutchison said she was told that the soldiers at the readiness facility " were filling out paper processing to go to Iraq or Afghanistan , " according to CNN affiliate KXAN in Austin , Texas .
The readiness center is one of the last stops before soldiers deploy .
It is also one of the first places a soldier goes upon returning to the United States .
The base reopened Thursday night after being under lockdown for more than five hours .
At a news conference earlier in the day , Cone said at least 10 of the dead were soldiers .
The shooter had two weapons , both handguns , Cone said .
iReport.com : Are you there ?
Send pics , video
A witness in a building adjacent to where the shooting happened said soldiers were cutting up their uniforms into homemade bandages as the wounded were brought into the building .
" It was total chaos , " the witness said .
Cone said a graduation ceremony was being held in an auditorium just 50 meters from where the shooting took place .
" Thanks to the quick reaction of several soldiers , they were able to close off the doors to that auditorium where there were some 600 people inside , " he said .
Peggy McCarty of Missouri told CNN affiliate KSHB that her daughter , Keara Bono , was among Thursday 's wounded .
She said she briefly spoke to Bono , who told her she had been shot in her left shoulder but was doing well .
" She 's being deployed to Iraq on December 7 , " McCarty said .
" I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas .
She just got there yesterday . "
A woman who lives on base , about eight blocks from the shooting , said she and her daughter were at home when her husband called and told them to stay inside .
" And I asked him why , what was going on .
He said that there was a shooting , " said the woman , Nicole , who asked that her last name not be used .
She said her husband called her back about 20 minutes later and told her to go upstairs , stay away from doors and windows and keep the doors locked .
" It 's just been crazy , " she said .
" Sirens everywhere . "
A soldier who asked not to be identified told CNN that an e-mail went out to all base personnel instructing them not to speak to the media .
President Obama called the shootings " tragic " and " a horrific outburst of violence . "
He expressed his condolences for the shooting victims .
" These are men and women who have made the selfless and courageous decision to risk , and at times give , their lives to protect the rest of us on a daily basis , " Obama said .
" It 's difficult enough when we lose these brave Americans in battles overseas .
It is horrifying that they should come under fire at an Army base on American soil . "
Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple , Texas , posted an online appeal for blood as it began receving victims .
" Due to the recent events on Fort Hood , we are in URGENT need of ALL blood types , " it said .
Fort Hood , with about 40,000 troops , is home to the Army 's 1st Cavalry Division and elements of the 4th Infantry Division , as well as the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 13th Corps Support Command .
It is located near Killeen , Texas .
The headquarters unit and three brigades of the 1st Cavalry are currently deployed in Iraq .
At least 25,000 people are at Fort Hood on any given day , an Army spokesman at the Pentagon said .
Fort Hood is home to the Warrior Combat Stress Reset Program , which is designed to help soldiers overcome combat stress issues .
In June , Fort Hood 's commander , Lt. Gen . Rick Lynch , told CNN that he was trying to ease the kind of stresses soldiers face .
He has pushed for soldiers working a day schedule to return home for dinner by 6 p.m. , and required his personal authorization for anyone working weekends .
At the time , two soldiers stationed there had committed suicide in 2009 -- a rate well below those of other posts .
Nearby Killeen was the scene of one of the most deadly shootings in American history 18 years ago when George Hennard crashed his truck into a Luby 's Cafeteria and began shooting , killing 23 people and wounding 20 .
Hennard 's spree lasted 14 minutes .
He eventually took his own life .
Alamy
MORE than 1,200 Lutherans gathered last month in Geist , north of Indianapolis .
Lutheran CORE , the conservative group that planned the meeting , had been forced to impose a limit on the numbers .
But the pews were packed , the extra chairs claimed , the doorways crowded .
In August the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America ( ELCA ) had voted to let gays in committed relationships serve in the clergy .
Congregations would be able to recognise lifelong gay couples .
Lutheran CORE was horrified .
At Geist , a bishop from Ohio took to the pulpit and asked the meeting 's main question : “ stay or go ? ”
Efforts to bring equality for gays have had a tumultuous course in America 's legislatures , courts and voting booths .
However nowhere is the controversy more painful than in its churches .
The ELCA 's assembly in August marked a turning point , and the outcome is still uncertain .
Lutheran CORE may split away to form a new denomination .
Some smaller congregations have , indeed , already left .
The church itself is struggling to put August 's votes into practice .
Some hoped that its leaders would create new rules for pastors by November .
On October 6th the church said that deadline would be missed .
America 's moderate , “ mainline ” Protestant churches , such as the ELCA , Episcopal , Presbyterian and United Methodist denominations , have grappled with homosexuality for more than three decades , explains Wendy Cadge of Brandeis University .
The Episcopal church has seen the most turmoil .
Since a gay bishop was consecrated in 2003 , a few dioceses and many parishes have abandoned the church .
But the march towards gay equality continues , slowly .
In July the Episcopal church affirmed that all ordained positions are now open to gays .
The ELCA offers a new test for how a church might open its doors to gay clergy .
With 4.6 m members — making it more than twice the size of the Episcopal church — and a powerful concentration in the Midwest , the ELCA sits squarely in the religious mainstream .
August 's votes followed eight years of careful debate about sexuality , complete with study guides for congregations and , in 2008 , more than 110 hearings .
Recognising that consensus will be elusive , the ELCA 's changes allow flexibility for congregations that disapprove .
The hope is that the church will remain intact , despite its deep disagreements .
However , acrimony is inevitable .
Those at Geist proclaimed that the ELCA was undermining the authority of scripture .
Lutheran CORE has already adopted its own constitution and is now considering whether to form a new denomination .
At least a dozen congregations have already left to join Lutheran Congregations in Mission for Christ , a small association of conservative churches .
The fear is that this will accelerate a broader trend .
Like other mainline Protestant churches , the ELCA 's membership has shrunk , by 10.5 % from 1998 to 2008 .
Art Ellingsen , who was at the meeting at Geist , grew up attending a Lutheran church in Chicago .
He says most of his childhood friends now attend Willow Creek , an evangelical behemoth in Chicago 's suburbs .
Others argue , however , that the ELCA 's decisions can only help to make the church bigger and more vibrant in the long term .
Brian Hiortdahl , a pastor on the north side of Chicago , explains that his church 's support of gays has already attracted a new generation .
Young parishioners now outnumber the old .
Melody Eastman has had unlikely success as a Lutheran pastor in Wheaton , Illinois , home to America 's best Evangelical college .
She says that since her church began actively welcoming gay members , it has attracted both gay and straight couples , keen to be part of an open congregation .
So some may leave the church , and others may come .
More than a quarter of Americans have left their childhood denominations , according to a 2007 Pew survey .
Nevertheless , Mark Hanson , the ELCA 's presiding bishop , prays for unity .
“ There 's an art today to acknowledge how deeply held are the differences , but not let differences devolve into divisions . ”
I swear I only missed this because of my complete and utter disinterest in fashion .
Anyway , meet Lara Stone , a white model .
The fact that she is white is significant because the French Vogue thought it was apparently much easier and cooler to paint a white model black than to hire an actual black one .
Sirs , I approve of you brilliant thinking !
( NO )
And , no way , there ’s nothing racist about it at all !
Lara Stone painted black :
Although personally I think this one is much more offensive :
( Also , to those USians who argue in comments in various places that Vogue France did it just To Spite America : dudes , I know this might be a revelation for you , but the French really do n’t care about you as much as you ’d like to imagine deep in your pathetic wee egotistical hearts .
Also , there ’s the fact that France has no tradition of blackface , and therefore no knee - jerk reaction to the said blackface , but guess what ?
The idea that it ’s a better idea to paint a white woman black than to hire a black woman is STILL AS RACIST AS IT WAS THREE SECONDS BEFORE YOU READ THIS SENTENCE . )
( Basically , most people involved in this should die ASAP )
( Also , criticising the fashion industry does n’t make you a homophobe , FAAAIL )
( Since when is the entire fashion industry gay , anyway ?
What are you people , terminally nincompoop ? )
( via )
ETA : fixed egotistical !
Rebecca Abrahams Byon
11/9/2009 , 11:08 am PT
Guest Blogged by Rebecca M. Abrahams
On December 18 , 2008 , Bush IT expert Mike Connell , a highly skilled pilot , was killed in a sudden crash while flying his small aircraft from Washington DC to his Akron / Canton home airport .
The cause of the crash is still unknown and under investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board .
For more than ten months , Connell 's family has been coping with feelings of disbelief , anger and confusion and has many unanswered questions about the man they knew and loved .
For Connell 's widow Heather , holding her husband 's New Media consulting firm together is a daily struggle .
" The more I learn about the crash the more sick it makes me - the destruction of the plane .
I found a pack of the I - pod ear buds in a tree .
I 'm obsessed with the Blackberry .
I do n't have the Blackberry .
I have his backpack .
I have his paperwork , his schedule .
None of his paperwork is burned up .
One of his prayer books burned on the outside .
I think there was a lot thrown from the plane . "
Although mainly un-reported , there 's a great deal of controversy surrounding Connell 's death - largely in part because he was the architect of many Republican websites including GeorgeWBush.com and GWB43.com , the site Karl Rove used for 95 % of his email correspondence .
Connell was also considered a key witness in the election fraud lawsuit King Lincoln Bronzeville Neighborhood Association v. Blackwell .
The suit implicates Former Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth J. Blackwell , Karl Rove and others of 2004 election night vote rigging .
Attorneys in the case believe that Connell , who had not been accused of any wrongdoing , had firsthand knowledge about the missing White House emails and Rove 's alleged wrongdoing with respect to the 2004 Presidential election .
His wife , and those attorneys , are not the only ones still focused on questions about what actually happened to Mike Connell nearly one year ago , and in the years prior ...
' Way too convenient '
Connell , 45 , was the oldest of six children .
His sister Shannon Connell describes her family as very close , despite differing political opinions .
" Even though we had different political beliefs , there 's always been a close tie among siblings .
In fact , my parents were Kennedy Democrats .
But then after Kennedy , they started voting more for Republicans and I would say that in our family we range from progressive to conservative and Mike and one of my other siblings are staunch Republicans . "
Although her brother never spoke of his work , Shannon believes that Mike 's ties to the Bush Administration and the GOP are somehow related to his death .
" It just seems way too convenient , the timing since he had been deposed .
He did n't get to testify .
But I do n't think he would 've perjured himself .
When it comes down to it , he was basically an honest person .
If push came to shove and he was under oath testifying , I believe that he would 've told the truth .
I think that there were other people who believed that as well . "
Connell 's wife Heather acknowledges he received threats in the months leading up to his death .
But says she was unaware Connell was told not to fly .
" I have spent days and days and days trying to figure it all out .
I do n't think he would lie to me .
Number one , I do n't think he took the threats seriously .
I never heard ' Do n't fly . '
I never knew my husband as Bush 's IT guru .
He built lots of Republican websites …
He built Jeb 's site , George 's site , George 's 2nd site --- his campaign sites .
I do n't know what involvement he had with SmartTech .
That I do n't know .
I just knew what sites he built .
SmartTech was the big hosting center .
Everything was hosted at SmartTech .
That 's where the access would be --- not at New Media .
I was signing lots of checks for hosting fees , huge payments to SmartTech for hosting websites that New Media built . "
The King - Lincoln lawsuit maintains the results of the 2004 election were routed through SmartTech servers in Chattanooga , Tennessee on Election Night before being rerouted back to Ohio's then - Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell , an Evangelical Christian and former Co-Chair of the Bush / Cheney Ohio Campaign .
Blackwell 's office claims this transfer was necessary due to a tabulation server overload at State election headquarters in Columbus that night .
Connell 's other company , GovTech was hired by the State of Ohio to build election night servers and GovTech subcontracted work to SmarTech .
' Railroaded '
Connell 's links to the Bush Administration went beyond his work at New Media and GovTech .
He was the former college roommate of Barry Jackson , Karl Rove 's top deputy and former head of the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives .
During the time Jackson held that position , he was responsible for forging the long - term goals of the Administration and the GOP .
Jackson was also one of the White House employees found using GeorgeWBush.com to email a former aide to lobbyist Jack Abramoff about nominating one of Abramoff 's Indian tribe clients for a Medal of Freedom .
Shannon says Jackson and her brother were very close friends .
" Barry was a really good friend to Mike .
I personally did n't get along with him .
Just kind of a clash of personalities , I guess .
I think it was because I am a feminist .
I did n't think he treated women as equals .
But he 's been really supportive with Mike 's kids and he was at the memorial for the whole time in Ohio . "
Despite allegations and revelations about her husband 's ties to the Administration , Heather says Connell 's not the man people say he is .
" He surely was n't a Forrest Gump .
Maybe I am naive .
But they railroaded him in pulling him to testify .
But I think my husband would tell the truth in court .
Whether you liked it or not , my husband did n't lie .
I think it 's one of the reasons people went to him .
He was known to be a person of integrity .
He was a trusted person .
But to my knowledge he was never going to testify .
Point blank .
He felt like those bloggers were just taking pot shots , you know , politics is a dirty game .
The fact they deposed him [ the day ] before the [ 2008 Presidential ] election --- give me a break .
It 's almost like a dirty political strategy .
There 's nothing he could really tell except answer 'yes , they were my client . '
He was angry that the judge allowed them to call him in the day before the election when he should be doing his job .
He was like , ' this is just stupid . '
He was stressed out . "
More tips ...
Recently , the Connell family has been dealt another blow --- an anonymous memo penned by someone identifying themselves as " Mark Felt " ( the name of the man who was ultimately revealed to be " Deep Throat " ) , cataloguing an order and mission to remotely intercept and rig the instrument panel of Mike Connell 's plane then " sanitize " the area .
Heather confirms receipt of this memo , which was cc'd to six unknown recipients .
Those close to the case believe the person behind the memo is a real informant with inside knowledge about Connell 's plane crash .
There are a number of Intelligence officials looking into it , including the FBI .
The FBI field agent in charge of the case , Jack Vickery , did not return my calls .
But Cliff Arnebeck , the prosecuting attorney in the case and the one who deposed Mike Connell last November , issued the following statement :
We received copies of the " deep throat " letter and redacted report of a jackal that " is not supposed to exist . "
We passed on to the FBI this and other information we have relevant to the matter .
Our impression is that the FBI is doing its job of investigating specific allegations regarding the assassination of a vital witness in our federal election fraud case .
The " Jackal " that Arnebeck refers to is a hired assassin .
Former CIA operative John Perkins wrote about such " jackals " in his book , Confessions of an Economic HitMan , and says while he does n't have any inside knowledge about Connell 's death , he would not be surprised if he was murdered .
" It would n't surprise me a bit .
They 've certainly assassinated a lot of people in this country .
The Kennedys were assassinated .
Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated .
It 's entirely possible that Paul Wellstone was assassinated .
We 've had a long , long history of assassinations .
It 's extremely successful in terms of turning politics around and getting people off cases .
In a way , Bill Clinton was assassinated but it was a personality assassination .
The Connell case is just one more possibility . "
Perkins adds , plane crashes have always been a weapon of choice among Jackals .
" It ' so easy to cover it up .
The evidence is destroyed and everybody knows airplanes are fragile anyway , small airplanes in particular .
So it 's a very clean type of assassination in terms of ways to do it because the area where the plane crash happens can be quickly cordoned off … and the evidence can be cleaned up very quickly and most of it is destroyed anyway .
But if there 's anything left , it can be disposed of very , very quickly . "
Eyewitness video footage
from night of crash .
Connell 's sister Shannon says the memo confirms her suspicions of foul play .
" If there was foul play that 's what makes sense .
Mike was a threat to somebody .
I 'm pretty cynical about government but for lack of a better word I think the Bushes and their cronies are a bit evil but Mike was loyal to them . "
Heather remains unconvinced and says she will not make any conclusions until she receives the NTSB report , expected before year 's end .
" All this scares the hell out of me .
I do n't know .
I do n't think I 'll ever know .
Did something happen with his plane ?
I 've scoured through every possible thing . "
Conspiracy theories aside , Perkins says the U.S. government has historically used assassination jackals abroad and says it should come as no surprise that they are contracted domestically .
" The U.S. President hires Blackwater to do that sort of work for the U.S. government so why would n't they do it for themselves particularly if they needed it ?
If you 're a plumber and you fix everybody else 's plumbing and your sink breaks , you 're probably going to fix yours too . "
Heather states if there is an informant , she wants to know who that person is .
She also says she 'd like the " trusted friend who told Mike not to fly " to come forward .
Shannon says if there were proof of foul play , she believes her family would file a wrongful death suit against Karl Rove .
But she says she 's not sure her family will ever know what really happened that day in December .
" I think Mike got caught up in some other people 's lives and did n't know how to get out or was trying to get out .
You know , I 'm real cynical about whether justice will be done .
A lot of the government officials probably have gotten away with a lot of things .
My position now is what 's going to make this different ?
What 's different with my brother 's death that 's any different than Paul Wellstone's ? "
===
Television producer and writer Rebecca Abrahams is a Peabody and 4 time Murrow Award winning veteran of ABC News .
She recently co-produced " Section 60 : Arlington National Cemetery " for HBO Documentaries which won a Scripps Howard Foundation Award for Excellence in Journalism .
* * *
Links to The BRAD BLOG 's most recent coverage of the Mike Connell story follows below ...
View Transcript
Transcript
Man says , " I need you to take these pills because the pharmaceutical rep is smoking hot . "
Man says , " It might have some side effects , but the ' Guy code ' says you have to be my wingman if I ask . "
Dilbert says , " Apparently he subscribes to a literal interpretation of the guy code . "
Guardsman Janes died in Helmand province in October
The mother of a soldier killed in Afghanistan has confronted the prime minister about an alleged lack of equipment .
Jacqui Janes had accused Gordon Brown of " insulting " her son Jamie , 20 , by spelling his name incorrectly in a personal note of condolence .
When Mr Brown phoned her to apologise , she challenged him over a shortage of helicopters , the Sun reports .
He told Mrs Janes , from Brighton , he had " tried his best " for troops .
The newspaper has published what it says is a full transcript of Mr Brown 's conversation with Mrs Janes , which she recorded at around 2200 GMT on Sunday .
' Troops let down '
It also publishes claims from Mrs Janes that the prime minister did not truly apologise for spelling Janes as James - something Mr Brown says he did apologise for .
The transcript reports Mrs Janes as telling the prime minister : " Our government are letting the troops down , big time . "
She said her son's death could have been prevented had it not been for a " lack of helicopters , lack of equipment " .
The paper quotes Mr Brown as saying : " I 'm sorry , Miss Janes , we have tried to give the troops the equipment they need and I have tried my best . "
I can only apologise if my handwriting is difficult to read
Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's statement
Jamie Janes killed in Afghanistan Details of the phone conversation emerged a day after Mrs Janes described the letter she had received as a " hastily scrawled insult " .
She complained the note was riddled with spelling mistakes .
The prime minister has previously admitted to problems with his eyesight after a childhood rugby injury left him blind in one eye .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the claim that Mr Brown had not truly apologised to Mrs Janes would " persuade some in the Labour party that the prime minister simply can't go on - that he 's damaged goods " .
However , he added : " Many others will see it as a personally vindictive campaign against a man with poor eyesight and poor handwriting but , in the end , a pretty decent heart . "
The Sun declared during the Labour Party conference that it was switching its support to the Conservatives for the next general election .
Mrs Janes 's criticisms included : anger at being reduced to arguing with the prime minister
having to help her son buy equipment before deployment
that a lack of helicopters had resulted in her son bleeding to death
In July the Commons defence select committee said a lack of helicopters was undermining UK forces ' operations and troop protection in Afghanistan , although their report stopped short of saying soldiers were dying due to a lack of helicopters .
In a statement issued on Monday , the prime minister said : " I have telephoned Jacqui Janes to apologise for any unintended mistake in the letter .
" To all other families whom I have written to , I can only apologise if my handwriting is difficult to read . "
Downing Street said on Tuesday that Mr Brown 's position remained the same in light of the transcript .
A spokesman said he had never meant to cause any offence , he wanted to underline his deepest sympathy for Mrs Janes and express his " complete admiration for the bravery and courage of her son " .
He added : " I have at all times acted in good faith seeking to do the right thing .
I do not think anyone will believe that I write letters with any intent to cause offence . "
' Rogue ' policeman However , it has also emerged that Mr Brown got Jamie Janes 's name wrong in the House of Commons on 14 October when he read out a list of 37 soldiers killed in Afghanistan .
It is official policy for the prime minister to write to the families of all service personnel killed in action while on operational duties .
According to Ministry of Defence guidelines published on the Parliament website , the letter is drafted by military officials and should ideally be sent within two working days of the death being announced .
Details of the conversations come on the day the bodies of six servicemen killed in Afghanistan 's Helmand province last week are being repatriated .
Guardsman Jimmy Major , Warrant Officer Darren Chant , Sgt Matthew Telford , Cpl Steven Boote and Cpl Nicholas Webster - Smith were shot dead by a " rogue " Afghan policeman they had been training last Tuesday .
Sjt Phillip Scott was killed by a blast as he worked on an explosives clearance operation in Sangin on Thursday .
On Monday , a soldier who died when a roadside bomb exploded while he was on patrol in Helmand on Saturday was named as Rifleman Philip Allen , 20 , from Dorset .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONDON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had just left a hotel for a historic signing ceremony between Turkish and Armenian leaders on Saturday when her caravan stopped and she headed back .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
A decades - old conflict , stemming from the World War One mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman forces , needed a few more hours to simmer , it seemed , before resolution could begin .
Clinton , President Barack Obama ’s most prominent foreign policy adviser , played a key role in getting the long - term enemies to sign , hours late , protocols to establish diplomatic ties and open borders , U.S. officials said .
She drove back to the hotel where Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian was ensconced , spoke to him and Turkish counterpart Ahmet Davutoglu by phone , and persuaded both sides to meet at the university where the signing was to take place , bringing the Armenian along in her sedan .
The holdup ?
A disagreement over what the leaders would say at the ceremony .
The solution ?
Pledging , in the end , to say nothing -- at least on site .
“ There was an agreement that the protocols should speak for themselves , ” Clinton told reporters on her plane later in the evening as she made her way to London .
“ They ’ve been carefully , painstakingly negotiated over many months and at the end of the day that was what the substance of this is about . ”
Critics say Clinton is sidelined in Obama ’s administration on big issues such as Iran , Afghanistan and Middle East peace , but her European trip to Switzerland , Britain , Ireland and Russia underscored areas in which she has taken the lead .
The former senator ’s role in the Turkey - Armenia dispute , which also featured foreign policy heavyweights from Russia and the European Union , illustrated her negotiating muscle several months after she swapped her political job for that of top U.S. diplomat .
“ It ’s just what you sign up for , ” Clinton said when asked whether this was one of the hardest diplomatic challenges she had faced in her short tenure as secretary of state .
“ When you ’re trying to help people resolve long - standing problems between themselves , it is a very challenging process . ”
Clinton declined to identify the sticking points in the talks , though some analysts said Armenia had probably sought to use the word “ genocide ” when referring to the killings while Turkey may have planned to refer to a dispute between ally Azerbaijan and Armenia over the enclave of Nagorno - Karabakh .
“ There were concerns on both sides , ” Clinton said .
“ So there were several times when I said to all of the parties involved that this is too important , this has to be seen through , you ’ve come too far . ”
Obama , who has also been personally involved in encouraging both sides to sign the protocols , called Clinton as she drove to the airport later to congratulate her , one adviser said .
OurPDX ‘s Betsy Richter periodically assembles a Shared Links post , which consists of , in her words , what we ’ve found as we ’ve traveled the local PDX web , and which includes link to and brief excerpts of recent interesting posts .
It ’s flattering that a few of my posts have made the lists , and almost always I ’m introduced to a great blogger ’s work of which previously I had been ignorant ( as is the case with the excellent Cocktailia blog which I just learned about from yesterday ’s Shared Links , and which I ’ve already added to my blogroll ) .
So in the same spirit as OurPDX ’s shared links , I would like to highlight a few recent blog posts I have found particularly interesting or impressive or informative or just plain amusing , all of which happen to be from blogs in my blogroll .
Portland ’s Bermuda Triangle : A Dangerous Experience for Beer and Sci-Fi Lovers – from Beer and Sci-Fi
Did you know that Portland has a mysterious geographical location where gravity is different and paranormal happenings take place ?
A place where those fascinated with either beer or science fiction or both will find themselves trapped and unarmed ?
Breakfast Is Going To Make My Dad Yell At Me – from Mile73
We went to Bob ’s Red Mill , inspired by the 2009 World Porridge Making Championship .
What , you did n’t know there was a championship for porridge making ?
It ’s in Scotland .
What kind of rock do you live under ?
Ribs ?
Catfish ?
Collard Greens ?
Cocaine ?
– from Portland Sucks
[ The post is too short to really excerpt , and it includes a video – just follow the link ! ]
Just another day in Portland from Brewcaster
[ It ’s another video , filmed on a lovely early fall day . ]
Reasoning with the river – from beerdrinker.org
I was beginning to remember why I do n’t fish .
But I got another lure strung to a leader and got back on the water .
Cast .
Snag .
I tried to work the usual magic .
Let some line out , whip it around , walk the shore up and down .
To no avail .
The lure was lost .
At this point I was done .
Totally freakin done .
[ or was he . . . ?]
The 2009 pdxplate Awards – from pdx Plate
About a year ago , a small message board was born out of the idea that despite the unusually large number of food sites here in Portland , there was a kind of conversation that was n’t taking place .
Instead of the usual forum babble of “ have you gone ? ” and “ how is the ? ” and “ where should I ? ” , the singular driving mantra of pdxplate has been one of blazing your own food and drink trail , jumping without a net , and mixing metaphors .
Taking one for the team .
It ’s a simple notion , but a powerful one , and it ’s what this site is all about .
A year ’s worth of eating and drinking led to some great discoveries , and to commemorate pdxplate ’s one year anniversary , here is a look back at the Plates of the Year .
A Day of Romances – from XUP
I ’m writing up a CMS for myself and I ’ve been thinking about this for a while and ca n’t come to a good conclusion .
I ’d like the URLs to be functional , but also not include needless information .
The old standard for a blog is / YYYY / MM / DD / TITLE .
That has some nice qualities to it .
It lets people know when something was posted as well as lets people chop off the end and get to date - based indices ( if you do it right ) .
But , the counter - argument goes , what if the date changes ?
Well , you have to setup a redirect .
Now , I already have my CMS looking for URL - changing events and auto - creating redirects for them ( yay ! ) so that ’s no _big_ deal , but I would like to not change URLs as much as I can .
The proponents of this say that the best URL is EXAMPLE .
COM / TITLE - AS - A - SLUG .
Honestly , I see the point , but I think that ’s over - simplifying the problem because in a blog half of the data is when it was posted .
If I post tips about an OS and the date is 2007 , you ’ll think twice before following them .
If I post about how to fix a car , then it wo n’t matter .
But the point is that the decision goes to the user instead of making people question it and go looking for a date , or worse , not know at all .
I also thought about / SECTION / TITLE and / SECTION / YYYY /MM/DD/TITLE so that one could do multi-blogs like “ news ” and “ blog ” and so on , but then second - guessed myself with “ what if I want a root - level entry ? ”
Well , then the answer is to have Pages and Entries , right ?
But , what about people who want date - based URLs rooted at /… ?
Overthinking ?
What do you think is the best future - proof way of doing this ?
N u got me newterd so this wuldnt happn ...
Hipokrit .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Home Mail Articles Supplements Subscriptions Radio
The following article appeared in Left Business Observer # 120 , August 2009 .
Copyright 2009 , Left Business Observer .
Like this ?
Subscribe today !
There ’s a lot more where this comes from and only some of it makes it to the web for free consumption .
Overconsuming health
Everyone knows that American consumers have been on a binge for the last ten or twenty years .
Data connoisseurs could even tell you that the consumption share of GDP rose from an average of 64 % in the 1980s to 70 % in 20078 .
But while the numbers are accurate , they ’re not really telling the story of a binge .
Much of the rise has come from spending on health care , not flat - screen TVs .
Sad to say , LBO was among the many who made the binge argument .
We should have known better .
Sorry .
The numbers Graphed nearby is a history of the consumption share of GDP , with and without health care spending .
( An Econ 101 refresher : GDP is the sum of consumption , investment , government spending , and exports less imports . )
Note the relative flatness of the “ ex- medical care ” lineits recent level is actually below 1960 ’s compared with the relentless ascent of the “ total ” line .
Some numbers to make these points : at the end of 1978 , consumption was 61.5 % of GDP ; in the second quarter of 2008 , it had risen to 70.3 % , or 8.8 points .
Well over half that increase , 5.0 points , came from spending on medical care .
The share of GDP devoted to spending on goods actually fell by 4.7 points over that 30 - year period .
The pattern is preserved if you start the clock in 1997 , just as the stock and housing manias were taking off .
Medical spending accounted for almost a third of that rise between 1997 and 2008 .
Energy accounted for another third .
Spending on goods accounted for just 3 % of the rise , or 0.1 point .
In other words , the familiar story that Americans went hogwild buying all kinds of stuff is wrong .
So the much - lamented decline in the U.S. savings rate begins to look less lamentable in light of this news .
( Technical point : the decline in the savings rate is a function not only of people putting less money in the bank it ’s also a reflection of higher borrowing . )
Graphed below is the personal savings rate as reported along with how it would look had the medical bite out of after - tax income remained constant at 1991 ’s rate over the last 18 years .
The bottom line : it would have declined much less dramatically into its 2005  6 lows , and would since have risen back to 1992 levels .
Meaning ?
Little of this vast medical spending is done directly by individuals .
To understand how this all works requires a brief detour into national income accounting .
Only about 40 % of household spending on health care comes from paying the doctor directly out - of - pocket ; most of the rest comes from paying insurance premiums ( including Medicare ) .
But it ’s not just the premiums that individuals pay directly ; the national income accountants also attribute the employer share of health insurance premiums to households .
The logic of this is that fringe benefits are a substitute for wages and salaries , which take the form of medical care ( or pension contributions ) .
That may seem a little strange it ’s not income you can spend on rent or a prosciutto , arugula , and brie sandwich , but it is a form of compensation .
While the morality tale of American overconsumption is n’t supported by a close look at the data , that does n’t mean that the rise in reported consumption and the collapse in reported savings ( at least until very recently ) is meaningless .
The few Wall Street analysts who ’ve taken note of the medical contribution to the consumption spike have perversely been arguing that since there was almost no consumption bubble when you exclude medical care , the retrenchment in spending could be less severe and protracted than many expect .
But that ’s certainly not the story that the recent retail sales figures are telling : they collapsed in late 2008 and early 2009 , and have continued to erode since .
With labor income very weak and credit very tight , and with neither likely to stage a vigorous recovery anytime soon , the decision to retrench might not be freely made .
But there ’s also another point here .
While the consumption spike may look like the result of an accounting convention , it ’s also reflecting a sad reality : an enormous , and ever - increasing share of our national income is going to health care .
Of course , some unquantifiable share of that spending makes people healthier , happier , and more productive .
But much of it does n’t .
In economic jargon , it ’s a deadweight loss .
As the graph above shows , the U.S. devotes a far larger share of its national income to health care than any other country : 37 % more than the second - biggest spender , France ; 49 % more than Canada ; 68 % more than Sweden ; 87 % more than the UK .
Yet U.S. health indicators are consistently among the worst in the OECD , with terrible ratings on life expectancy , infant mortality , obesity , and mental health .
U.S. readings on all these are worse than countries spending far less on health care .
So the rise in the consumption share of GDP and the long slide in our savings rate is telling us something .
American consumers are n’t the profligates of legend , but that our health care system certainly is .
The new Republican strategy on killing health care reform : Pretend you can't read :
An Auckland computer programmer strangled his girlfriend then lived with her decomposing body for nearly a month , a New Zealand court has been told .
Gordon Hieatt , 48 , is accused of murdering his " on-again , off again " girlfriend Nuttidar Vaikaew , 48 , between April 17 and May 12 this year .
Ms Vaikaew , a Thai national known as " Sky " , worked as a prostitute out of her flat in Warwick Street , Western Springs , prior to her death .
The court heard that Hieatt had moved in with her several months beforehand .
At a depositions hearing at the Auckland District Court this morning , prosecutor Rachael Reid said the accused had killed his girlfriend after having an argument with her in early April .
Ms Vaikaew had not been seen by neighbours or her landlord for nearly a month and so , on the afternoon of May 12 , her landlord , Ray Goffin , went to visit her home .
Lest we forget
ponders whether to send more troops to Afghanistan , there is mounting evidence the Taliban is supported by the CIA .
If correct , the Afghan war is a charade with a hidden agenda .
First , we have many reports that unmarked helicopters are ferrying the Taliban to targets , and relieving them when cornered .
" Just when the police and army managed to surround the Taliban in a village of Qala - e - Zaal district , we saw helicopters land with support teams , " an Afghan soldier said .
" They managed to rescue their friends from our encirclement , and even to inflict defeat on the Afghan National Army .
" This story , in one form or another , is being repeated throughout northern Afghanistan .
Dozens of people claim to have seen Taliban fighters disembark from foreign helicopters in several provinces .
" I saw the helicopters with my own eyes , " said Sayed Rafiq from Baghlan - e- Markazi .
"
They landed near the foothills and offloaded dozens of Taliban with turbans , and wrapped in patus ( a blanket - type shawl ) .
" " Our fight against the Taliban is nonsense , " said the first soldier .
" Our foreigner ' friends ' are friendlier to the opposition .
" Last February , there were reports of CIA airbases within Pakistan used for drones .
If this is true , Pakistanis are being attacked by drones based in their own country .
Obviously , the Taliban helicopters could also come from these CIA bases . n
May , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , told NBC News that the CIA and the ( U.S. - Funded ) Pakistani ISI intelligence service " has created the Taliban .
" Zardari said that the CIA and the ISI are still supporting the Taliban .
On Oct 29 , 2009 , Hillary Clinton infuriated Pakistani officials by saying she found it " hard to believe " the ISI did n't know where Al Qaeda leaders were hiding .
Her role is to maintain the fiction that Al Qaeda and the Taliban are not CIA creations .
In Feb .
2008 , the British were caught planning a training camp for the Taliban i n Southern Afghanistan supposedly to make them " change sides . "
Karzai expelled two top British " diplomats .
" All wars are charades .
This is true of the world wars , the Cold War , Korea , Vietnam , 9 - 11 and the current war on terror .
The human race is caught in a hologram controlled by the Illuminati Rothschild central bankers .
Wars are necessary to divide , distract and dehumanize us .
Otherwise , we might focus on the small network of Masonic families , based in London , who control government credit .
Therefore , the central banking cartel uses pawns like Bush and Obama , and intelligence agencies like the CIA , Mossad , MI - 6 and ISI to foment war .
They finance these wars by issuing debt repayable to them by the taxpayer .
As I have said , the ultimate goal is to translate their monopoly over government credit into a worldwide monopoly over power , wealth and culture ; in other words , to disinherit and enslave the human race .
This is called world government .
I 'm not an expert on the politics of the Asian subcontinent .
But it appears that the Afghanistan war should be seen in a larger regional context .
Zbigniew Brzezinski advocated a " global - zone of percolating violence , " that included Central Asia , Turkey , southern Russia , and the western borders of China .
It also included the entire Middle East , the Persian Gulf ( Iran ) , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The plan to destabilize this vast area was outlined in Brzezinski's book , ( 1997 ) .
Ostensibly , the purpose was to prevent Russia from becoming an imperial power again .
But that does n't make sense .
What do these countries have in common ?
They are Muslim .
Islam is the last redoubt of faith in God .
The Illuminati are Satanists .
Put two and two together .
The Afghan war has some immediate " benefits " to the bankers : perpetual war , arms spending , drugs , pipelines etc .
But it is part of a larger " war of civilizations " designed to degrade and destroy Islam .
Look for it to expand and go on forever .-----------------------" Taliban Using New US Ammo" http://www.presstv.com/detail.aspx?id=110932&ionid=351020403US
Army Pays Taliban for Securityhttp://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/nov/13/us-trucks-security-talibanciting current and former U.S. officials , reported Oct. 28 , 2009 that the brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai has been getting regular payments from the Central Intelligence Agency .
" Ahmed Wali Karzai is a suspected player in Afghanistan 's opium trade and has been paid by the CIA over the past eight years for services that included helping to recruit an Afghan paramilitary force that operates at the CIA 's direction in and around the southern city of Kandahar , " the newspaper reported .----ALSO-- Related - " American Taxpayer Finances Taliban "
Even the BBC Recognizes " Cynical " Nature of Western Interventionhttp://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8348796.stm--
A string of public appearances have helped to boost Palin 's book sales Former US vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's memoir has topped the US bestseller list in its first week of release , industry figures have shown .
With almost half a million copies sold , Going Rogue : An American Life beat new blockbusters by James Patterson and Stephen King Nielsen BookScan said .
Her sales have topped those of Barack Obama , whose Audacity of Hope sold 67,000 copies in its first week .
Palin ran for vice president last year alongside John McCain .
She has since stepped down from her position as governor of Alaska , but remains extremely popular among many American conservatives .
Book confusion A string of public appearances have helped to boost both her profile and book sales .
An appearance on the Oprah Winfrey Show , during which Palin said a run for the White House in 2012 was " not on my radar screen right now " , boosted the programme 's ailing ratings .
However , first week sale statistics show her book has sold less than former president Bill Clinton 's 2004 memoir , My Life , at the same period of sales , but is just ahead of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's 2003 Living History .
In October , Palin 's book jumped to the top of the bestseller lists on the strength of advance sales only .
The title refers to claims that while on the campaign trail with Mr McCain , Palin pursued her own agenda .
Meanwhile , a book of critical essays about Palin , with a strikingly similar cover to Going Rogue , has been confusing some US media outlets .
Pictures of the book , called Going Rouge , have been used by USA Today and Fox News to illustrate their coverage of the former vice - presidential candidate 's memoirs .
And , according to the LA Times , CNN mistakenly reported that White House officials were sharing copies of Going Rouge , when they had actually been reading Palin 's book .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Despite many shortcomings of the uranium resource data , some interesting and valu­able information can be extracted from the Red Book .
Perhaps most importantly , the Red Book resource data can be used to test the " economic - geological hypothesis , " which claims that a doubling of uranium price will increase the amount of exploitable uranium resources by an even larger factor .
The relations between the uranium resources claimed for the different resource categories and their associated cost estimates are found to be in clear contradiction with this hypothesis .
The conventional world - wide uranium resources are estimated by the authors of the Red Book as 5.5 million tons .
Out of these , 3.3 million tons are assigned to the reasonably assured category , and 2.2 million tons are associated with the not yet discovered but assumed to exist inferred resources .
Our analysis shows that neither the 3.3 million tons of " assured " resources nor the 2.2 million tons of inferred resources are justified by the Red Book data and that the actual known exploitable resources are probably much smaller .
For more than 40 years , the Nuclear Energy Agency ( NEA ) of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) of the United Nations have published a bi-annual document with the title " Uranium Resources , Production and Demand . "
This book , known as the IAEA / NEA 2007 Red Book , summarizes data about the actual and near future nuclear energy situation and presents the accumulated world - wide knowledge about the existing and expected uranium resources .
These data are widely believed to provide an accurate and solid basis for future decisions about nuclear energy .
Unfortunately , as it is demonstrated in this article , they do not .
This is the third part of a four - part guest post by Dr. Michael Dittmar .
Dr. Dittmar is a researcher with the Institute of Particle Physics of ETH Zurich , and he also works at CERN in Geneva .
1. Introduction
Policy makers almost never discuss uranium resources and many other important resource issues in public .
One reason seems to be that most energy resources are still considered to be a non-issue , and consequently , are ignored by world - wide policy makers and their economic or academic advisors .
The rapid increase in crude oil prices in the spring of 2008 has led to an attitude change with respect to the oil resource situation .
Ever more people start to pay attention to questions of geological and technological limits to oil extraction capacities .
This has resulted in the wish to obtain accurate oil and gas resource data , especially from the OPEC countries [ 1 ] .
In contrast , the uranium resources appear to be accurately documented in the Red Book : Uranium Resources , Production and Demand .
In this book , updated every two years , the IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) of the United Nations together with the NEA ( Nuclear Energy Agency ) of the OECD countries have presented , for more than 40 years [ 2 ] , their collective knowledge about uranium resources and its use for civilian nuclear energy .
The latest update , the 2007 edition , was published in June of 2008 [ 3 ] .
This book provides more than 400 pages of detailed information about uranium resources in a large number of countries .
A long history of reporting world - wide uranium resource data with an indicated accuracy of between 1/1000 and 1/10,000 is believed to demonstrate that reliable resource data are available .
The findings of the Red Book 2007 edition were presented for example in a NEA press communiqué [ 4 ] as follows :
There is enough uranium known to exist to fuel the world 's fleet of nuclear reactors at current consumption rates for at least a century , according to the latest edition of the world reference on uranium published today .
Uranium 2007 : Resources , Production and Demand , also known as the Red Book , estimates the identified amount of conventional uranium resources which can be mined for less than USD 130 / kg * to be about 5.5 million tons , up from the 4.7 million tons reported in 2005 .
Undiscovered resources , i.e. uranium deposits that can be expected to be found based on the geological characteristics of already discovered resources , have also risen to 10.5 million tons .
This is an increase of 0.5 million tons compared to the previous edition of the report .
The increases are due to both new discoveries and re-evaluations of known resources , encouraged by higher prices .
(* On 26 May 2008 , the spot price for uranium was listed as USD 156 / kg . )
After reading such a declaration , most people will obviously assume that the uranium supply situation is safe .
Why should one even bother to look into the accumulated uranium data or doubt these well respected international organizations with their large scientific staff ?
As a consequence , individuals and organizations with different philosophical views about nuclear energy almost never question the objectivity and precision of these data [ 5 ] .
Unfortunately , as shall be shown in the following , the Red Book uranium resource data do not measure up to their indicated levels of accuracy .
In this article , the third part of The Future of Nuclear Energy [ 6 ] , we analyze the uranium resource data given in the Red Book 2007 [ 3 ] .
First , we present and discuss the overall world - wide uranium resource data and their evolution in Section 2 .
In order to investigate the basis for these data , the uranium resource data for the 10 countries with more than 100,000 tons of reasonably assured resources ( RAR ) are analyzed in Section 3 .
Combined , these 10 countries represent about 80 % of the world 's total RAR and 95 % of those RAR that are most economical , i.e. , RAR that can be economically produced at a price of < 40 dollars / kg .
As shall be demonstrated in detail , the Red Book 2007 uranium resource data often exhibit amazing changes with respect to previous Red Book editions , with some of these individual country resource changes appearing to be totally unbelievable .
In Section 4 of this article , the long - term uranium supply situation and its consequences for the future of conventional nuclear fission power plants will be summarized .
2. World - wide uranium resources and their evolution
As highlighted already in parts I and II of this report , the authors of the Red Book do not ignore the possibility that " uranium supply shortfalls could develop if production facilities are not implemented in a timely manner . "
However , the media have essentially only reported the statement that " the identified conventional uranium resources have increased from 4.7 million tons in the previous edition to 5.5 million tons in the current edition of the Red Book . "
In the following , we shall analyze this apparent 20 % increase in conventional uranium resources in detail .
In order to do this , we start with the methodology on how the authors of the Red Book obtain their data and present the definitions of the different uranium resource categories .
2.1 . Red Book methodology , resource categories and extraction costs
The authors of the Red Book describe the content and the methodology to obtain the relevant data in their own words as follows [ 7 ] :
" The Red Book features a comprehensive assessment of current uranium supply and demand and projections to the year 2030 .
The basis of this assessment is a comparison of uranium re­source estimates ( according to categories of geological certainty and production cost ) and mine production capability with anticipated uranium requirements arising from projections of installed nuclear capacity .
In cases where longer - term projections of installed nuclear capacity were not provided by national authorities , projected demand figures were developed with input from expert authorities ...
The Red Book also includes a compilation and evaluation of previously published data on un­conventional uranium resources ...
This publication has been prepared on the basis of data obtained through questionnaires sent by the NEA to OECD member countries ( 19 countries responded ) and by the IAEA for those states that are not OECD member countries ( 21 countries responded and one country report was prepared by the IAEA Secretariat ) .
The opinions expressed in Parts I and II do not nec­essarily reflect the position of the member countries or international organizations concerned .
This report is published on the responsibility of the OECD Secretary - General . "
In Appendix 2 of the Red Book , a list of reporting organizations and contact persons is given for a large number of countries [ 8 ] .
This list indicates that uranium resource data are a compilation of data from the different government agencies , sometimes supplemented by the data from private transnational mining companies .
As large national and private interests are involved , the objectivity and the accuracy of the presented data are certainly not assured .
Thus , the resource data do not represent the results of an accurate scientific analysis of geological data .
Unfortunately , such possible shortcomings of these resource estimates and possible large uncertainties are not mentioned in the Red Book .
However , in absence of better data and in line with the required political consent from many countries , it seems that the editors of the Red Book try to encourage the different countries to provide useful and comparable resource data .
As a result , using the US dollar as a universal standard , consistent categories for uranium resources are defined .
Unfortunately , a few comments presented in the Appendix 4 [ 9 ] seem to indicate that the Red Book resource data are not as accurate as otherwise stated .
For example it is written that :
" The categories are defined according to a believed level of confidence . "
Yet , associated probabilities for the believed existence of the resources are not quantified .
" The resource categories are defined in terms of the uranium recovery costs at the ore processing plant . "
However , no explanation on how this cost could have been calculated for " non-existing ore processing plants " in " not yet known environments " is offered .
It must therefore be concluded that such estimates are highly speculative .
" It is not intended that the cost categories should follow ( undefined ) fluctuations in market conditions " [ 10 ] .
This can only mean that cost estimates have been done independently from the mining costs .
Not everybody will agree that the increased mining costs of the past few years , related among other things to the energy costs and in particular to the oil price , are just simple " market fluctuations . "
In summary , the used methodology leaves some " freedom " on how the correspondents from the different countries should present their resource data .
This " freedom " could explain some large RAR resource changes found for different countries from subsequent Red Book editions .
The uranium resources are separated into " conventional " and " non-conventional " re­sources .
The conventional resources are divided into Reasonably Assured Resources ( RAR ) and the believed - to - exist Inferred Resources ( IR ) .
The RAR and IR categories are further subdivided according to the assumed exploitation cost in US dollars .
These cost categories are given as < 40 dollars / kg , < 80 dollars/kg , and < 130 dollars / kg .
The non-conventional resources are split into " Undiscovered Resources ( UR ) , " further separated into " Undiscovered Prognosticated Resources ( UPR ) " with assumed cost ranges of < 80 dollars / kg and < 130 dollars / kg , and " Undiscovered Speculative Re­sources ( USR ) . "
The USR numbers are given for an estimated exploitation cost of < 130 dollars / kg and also for a category with unknown cost .
For the purpose of this analysis , the data from the inclusive " < x dollars / kg " categories are used to calculate the sometimes more informative exclusive resource data with extraction costs between 40 - 80 dollars / kg and 80 - 130 dollars /kg .
A critical reader of the Red Book will express doubts about the quality of the data , when only roughly known numbers are given with an unbelievable precision of 0.1 % or better .
In this respect , it seems to be an ironic mistake that the best known numbers in the RAR categories are given with an accuracy of 1/1000 but the speculative IR and UR categories are presented with an accuracy of 1/10,000 , although some progress has been made since the Red Book 2005 edition , when the claimed accuracy was presented with an accuracy of 1 part per million .
Names like " Undiscovered Resources " and " Undiscovered Speculative Resources " should leave the reader with serious doubts about the reliability of the claims made concerning the amount of uranium available in these categories in spite of the claimed accuracy .
A more accurate assessment methodology would include effects from changes in uranium mining technology and its related costs , the quality of the mining equipment , the oil price , salaries , and the often ignored huge costs to repair environmental damages following previous uranium exploration .
In addition , detailed information should be provided on ( 1 ) how variations of the dollar exchange rate have modified the resource data , and ( 2 ) how past uranium extractions have been taken into account .
We leave it to the reader to reflect on the question whether the used Red Book methodology results in accurate estimates for the discovered and undiscovered uranium resources .
2.2 . The economic - geological hypothesis about uranium resources
According to geological estimates , we know that uranium is not a particularly rare metal .
Expressed in the words of the relevant WNA document , we are being informed that [ 11 ] :
" Uranium is a relatively common metal , found in rocks and seawater .
Economic concentra­tions of it are not uncommon . "
Table 1 shows uranium or grade concentrations for different minerals in the earth crust and in sea water given in parts per million ( ppm ) .
Table 1 : The numbers are taken from the August 2009 version of the WNA information paper " Supply of uranium " [ 11 ] .
The * in the WNA document is associated with very low grade uranium mining from the Rossing mine in Namibia .
The document [ 11 ] states : " If uranium is at low levels in rock or sands ( certainly less than 1000 ppm ) , it needs to be in a form which is easily separated for those concentrations to be called ' ore ' - that is , implying that the uranium can be recovered economically .
This means that it needs to be in a mineral form that can easily be dissolved by sulfuric acid or sodium carbonate leaching . "
It is generally accepted that the producible amount of uranium increases dramatically if ore with a lower concentration of uranium can be economically mined .
K.S. Deffeyes and I.D. MacGregor [ 12 ] have estimated by generally accepted geological methods that this trend must continue until the average uranium concentration of 2.8 ppm is reached .
According to Deffeyes and MacGregor , one may expect that the amount of extractable uranium increases approximately by a factor of 300 , if the grade of economically exploitable ore decreases by one order of magnitude .
However , they also added the usually ignored statement that :
No rigorous statistical basis exists for expecting a log - normal distribution .
This is just an approximate argument as the enormously complex range of geochemical behavior of uranium and its wide variety of different [ chemical ] binds [ determine ] the economic deposit .
( The two words placed in brackets were added by the author . )
It is thus important to keep in mind that resource calculations based on the above methods may ignore important factors that limit the amount of even­tually extractable uranium .
For example , one could imagine that a hypothetical super - rich amount of highly concentrated uranium ore exists a few hundred meters below surface .
However , if these rocks are isolated from each other and from any other interesting mineral concentration , it can be safely assumed that sizable amounts of these rocks will never be extracted .
Thus , in addition to the av­erage ore concentration , one finds that the amount of uranium available at this concentration , its chemical composition , and its surroundings play all an important role in a potential extraction and the associated energy cost .
A consequence of this hypothesis is that , no matter which growth scenario is being assumed , sufficient uranium resources exist in theory if the extraction cost is allowed to increase .
It is usually added that the uranium price has only a negligible effect on the overall production cost of the kWhe .
Arguments that , instead of the monetary price , the energy return on energy invested ( EROEI ) needs to be taken into account are usually dismissed with the comment that current uranium extraction costs are small compared to other production costs , and the very - low grade Rossing mine in Namibia is often given as a proof that we can still go a long way before the extraction cost will become a determining factor [ 13 ] .
However , rather than exchanging endless arguments about the limitations of this approach , we propose to use the Red Book uranium resource data base to test the above hypothesis , called in the following the economic - geological hypothesis .
This can be done fairly easily as the Red Book quantifies the RAR and IR uranium resources according to almost equal and increasing cost intervals of 40 and 50 dollars , respectively .
According to this hypothesis , much larger uranium quantities are expected for the higher cost categories .
The economically - extractable - uranium - resources - are - limited hypothesis
An alternative hypothesis assumes that uranium is no different in its use in the energy sector in comparison with any other energy resource .
Consequently , the " law of diminishing returns " applies also to uranium , and the economical exploitation and use of uranium can be determined in accordance with the following arguments :
The usage of uranium starts with the finding and exploitation of the big and high - ore grade uranium deposits .
Once the " big elephants " have been hunted , one turns to smaller and lower - grade uranium deposits .
One tries to keep on going by developing and using better and better technology .
Eventually , the interesting deposits at the mine become too small and too diluted , and the production is terminated .
This moment is reached in a similar way for oil and for uranium , and according to the argument of M. K. Hubbert [ 14 ] when he replied to David Nissen of Exxon :
" [ T ] here is a different and more fundamental cost that is independent of the monetary price .
That is the energy cost of exploration and production .
So long as oil is used as a source of energy , when the energy cost of recovering a barrel of oil becomes greater than the energy content of the oil , production will cease no matter what the monetary price may be . "
While this hypothesis is theoretically very attractive , it can not be used easily to make a quantitative test .
For example , the energy extraction cost and the total energy cost are rarely given in the required detail .
Furthermore , it is essentially impossible to quantify the potential " next round of technological improvements . "
For example , breakthrough new reactor concepts , based on the fuel breeding concept and including perhaps the use of thorium , and much better ( but so far unknown ) uranium extraction techniques can always be imagined .
Thus , as is the case with the peak oil hypothesis , most people will accept this idea only , once an exact peak date for the nuclear energy can be determined .
This , of course , can be done only some time after the final decline has become obvious .
2.3 . Evolution of uranium resources according to the Red Book
2.3.1 . A consistency check of the NEA press declaration
We now turn to two claims made in the 2007 edition of the Red Book ( abbreviated in the following as RB07 ) and transmitted by their own press declaration to the media [ 4 ] :
" There is enough uranium known to exist to fuel the world 's fleet of nuclear reactors at current consumption rates for at least a century , according to the latest edition of the world reference on uranium published today .
Uranium 2007 : Resources , Production and De­mand , also known as the Red Book , estimates the identified amount of conventional uranium resources which can be mined for less than USD 130 / kg to be about 5.5 million tons , up from the 4.7 million tons reported in 2005 . "
" The currently identified resources are adequate to meet the expansion of nuclear power plants from 372 GWe in 2007 to between 509 GWe ( +38 % ) and 663 GWe ( +80 % ) by 2030 . "
Let us recalculate the numbers presented to the media .
The yearly uranium needs to operate the existing nuclear power plants with the 2009 capacity of 370 GWe are about 65,000 tons .
As it is claimed above and quantified in the RB07 , the conventional uranium resources of 5.5 million tons are the sum of the RAR ( < 130 dollars / kg ) , given as 3,338,300 tons , and the believed to exist IR ( < 130 dollars / kg ) , given as 2,130,600 tons .
Following this logic , a simple division tells us that these 5.5 million tons of uranium resources , at constant usage , are sufficient at best for 85 years or " almost a century " and not for " at least a century " !
Furthermore , a more cautious press declaration would perhaps state that :
" The well known RAR numbers have remained roughly constant during the past years , and these known resources are sufficient to operate the current world 's reactor fleet for about 51 years .
However , since the amount of believed - to - exist IR resources has increased by about 700,000 tons , another 34 years can be added if this additional IR uranium can indeed be extracted . "
Next , we can ask ourselves how long the conventional uranium resources will last under the conditions of +38 % or +80 % growth scenarios between 2007 and 2030 .
Given these growth assumptions , the yearly natural uranium requirements would be between 90,000 tons / year and 115,000 tons / year by the year 2030 .
For simplicity , we may assume that the above increase is to be achieved with an average 23 year growth rate of +1.4 % / year and +2.5 % / year , respectively .
Following this growth model , between 1.76 and 2.02 million tons of uranium will have been used already by the year 2030 .
By the year 2030 , the world reactor fleet will need between 90,000 tons / year and 115,000 tons / year .
If one assumes furthermore the unlikely case that nuclear energy will remain constant after 2030 , the claimed conventional uranium resources from 2007 could thus fuel the 509 GWe power plants scenario up to the year 2071 and the 663 GWe scenario up to the year 2060 .
Consequently , one finds that the operating life - span of the reactors built during the years 2020 to 2030 will be limited by the amount of identified fuels and not by the expected 60 year life - time .
These simple examples show that the claims made in the NEA press declaration are not justified by their own data , as documented in RB07 .
2.3.2 . A 20 % increase of conventional uranium resources ?
As the reported increase of conventional uranium resources between 2005 and 2007 is relatively large , it might be interesting to learn , where and in which price category the increase has happened .
Furthermore , one might be curious to see , how the reduced dollar value and the increased mining costs are reflected in the pseudo - precise resource data , and whether a reduction accounting for the yearly uranium extraction is included for the different countries .
We first present , Tables 2 - 5 , the world total resource estimates for the different categories and their evolution as given in the last 4 Red Book editions from 2001 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 , respectively [ 15 ] .
In order to simplify the discussion , the numbers are recalculated such that the uranium amounts for a given cost interval can be compared .
Table 2 shows the evolution of the conven­tional resources since 2001 .
As one can see , the always highlighted huge increase is essentially only associated with changes in the undiscovered - but - believed - to - exist IR resources .
Fur­thermore , the presented RAR data do not indicate that the yearly uranium extraction of roughly 40,000 tons has been taken into account .
Tables 3 and 4 show the corresponding evolutions for the RAR and IR categories , split according to the estimated extraction cost range .
Table 2 : Evolution of the conventional uranium resources split into the reasonably assured resource ( RAR ) and the inferred resource ( IR ) categories from the latest four Red Book editions .
Especially remarkable is the fact that the RAR numbers have increased by only a small amount and remained essentially unchanged since 2003 .
Hence the claimed large increase in conventional uranium resources since 2001 and especially during the past 4 years is only based on an increase in the IR numbers .
Table 3 : Evolution of the reasonably assured resource ( RAR ) category from the latest four Red Book editions .
Especially remarkable is that the highest uranium numbers are found in the lowest cost category and this category has , after regular large increases , suddenly decreased since 2005 by about 180,000 tons .
The RAR numbers , even though claimed to be known with incredible precision , fluc­tuate by a large amount .
The drop of 180,000 tons in the cheapest and best understood < 40 dollars / kg category between 2005 and 2007 is remarkable , and more details about this reduction will be given in Section 3 .
Ups and downs of up to ±10 % may appear reasonable .
For example , one might expect that inflation moves some resources from a cheaper to a more expensive category .
Such an explanation , however , would also require that a certain amount be moved out of the highest cost category into a yet more expensive category .
Next we turn to more speculative uranium resources .
In Table 4 , the not - yet - found - but - believed - to - exist IR uranium data are presented .
Especially suspicious is the large increase of 400,000 tons in the < 40 dollars / kg IR category .
This increase can be compared with the corresponding RAR numbers from Table 3 , which decreased during the same period by 180,000 tons .
The situation becomes even more suspicious when one compares the evolution of the IR category during the past six years from 2001 to 2007 .
For example , the < 40 dollars / kg IR category increased by a factor of 2.2 , and the 40 - 80 dollars / kg category increased by a factor of 3.5 .
In comparison , the amount in the 80 - 130 dollars / kg category changed by only a factor of 1.3 .
Finally , one can compare the evolution of the conventional resources in the RAR category and the more speculative IR category .
As mentioned already , large exploration efforts during the past years have left the total RAR numbers essentially unchanged but have increased the believed - to - exist IR figure by a large amount .
This means that the claimed increase from 2005 to 2007 in the conventional uranium resources is not based on real discoveries , but on an unexplained hope factor associated with the IR deposits that remain to possibly be discovered .
More details about these changes will be discussed in the individual country analysis below .
Table 4 : Evolution of the not - yet - discovered - but - believed - to - exist IR uranium resources as given in the last four editions of the Red Book .
Remarkable is the claim that the cheaper cost categories increased by a large amount , whereas the highest cost category has even decreased .
Table 5 shows the evolution of the undiscovered prognosticated and speculative UPR and USR resource categories .
In contrast to the increase from 2003 to 2007 in the conventional IR resources , only relatively minor changes are claimed for the even more uncertain UPR and USR resources .
Table 5 : Evolution of the undiscovered prognosticated UPR and speculative USR uranium resources according to the past four Red Book editions .
In comparison to the large relative changes in the IR data , the numbers presented show a surprising stability .
One finds from Tables 3 - 5 that the uranium resources in the RAR , IR , and UPR categories decrease for the higher cost intervals .
Furthermore , one observes that the estimated world RAR , IR , and UPR numbers have changed in peculiar and unnatural ways .
Consequently , the overall uranium resource data and their evolution are in contradiction with the economic - geological hypothesis presented in Section 2.2 .
Furthermore , with inflation effects being ignored , one would expect that the changes of the uranium quantities in the RAR , IR , and UPR categories should follow similar patterns .
As the uranium resource data do not confirm such expectations , one is left with the conclusion that the true quality of the presented uranium data is considerably poorer than claimed by the Red Book .
3. Evolution of uranium resources in selected countries
In order to understand how and where uranium resources have changed during the past few years , one needs to study the information provided by the correspondents from a few different countries with large resources .
To this end , the Red Book editions from the years 2003 ( RB03 ) , 2005 ( RB05 ) , and 2007 ( RB07 ) will be used .
We restrict the discussion to those 10 countries that claim to have more than 100,000 tons of extractable RAR uranium resources for < 130 dollars / kg within their territory .
Combined , these 10 countries cover a surface area of about 52 million km2 or more than 1/3 of the total land area of our planet .
After at least 50 years of non-negligible world - wide geological research efforts , these countries claim to have 80 % of the remaining known world uranium resources and up to 95 % of the uranium in the economically most interesting < 40 dollars / kg RAR category .
Roughly 90 % of the total uranium extraction in 2007 came from these 10 countries .
Tables 6 and 7 show the claimed amount of RAR uranium resources for these countries in the < 40 dollars / kg and 40 - 130 dollars / kg categories .
Table 6 : Evolution of the lowest - cost RAR uranium category for the 10 countries claiming to have a total of more than 100,000 tons of RAR resources on their territory .
An especially remarkable change during the years 2005 to 2007 can be seen for Niger . (*
The USA report does not offer a number for the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category .
For this reason , the amount claimed in the < 80 dollars / kg has been used here . )
Some spectacular ups and downs can be observed for the three Red Book editions .
For example between 2005 and 2007 , the RAR reserves in the < 40 dollars / kg category decreased by 15 % ( minus 40,000 tons ) for Kazakhstan and by 88 % ( minus 150,000 tons ) for Niger .
Drastic changes during these two years are also reported in the 40 - 130 dollars / kg RAR category for Australia , Kazakhstan , Niger , Russia , and the Ukraine .
Despite the fact that the RAR numbers , especially in the < 40 dollars / kg category , are assumed to present the most accurate estimate , no explanations for the often dramatic changes are offered .
Table 7 : Evolution of the higher - cost RAR uranium category for the 10 countries claiming to have a total of more than 100,000 tons of RAR resources on their territory .
Especially remarkable are the changes from 2005 to 2007 for Australia , Kazakhstan , Niger , Russia , and the Ukraine .
A comparison of these changes with the ones in the low - cost category presented in Table 6 is also interesting . (*
As the USA does not report the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category separately , the amount in the 80 - 130 dollars / kg category has been used here . )
The changes for the yet unobserved - but - believed - to - exist IR resources offer even more interesting insights .
As presented in Section 2 , and in contrast to the essentially unchanged claimed total RAR resources , the data reported for the IR category at the < 130 dollars / kg price tag have increased by almost 700,000 tons between the years 2005 and 2007 .
Spectacular and unlikely relative changes for some countries can be observed from Table 8 , where we present ratios of the resource numbers found presented in RB07 and RB05 for two IR cost categories and for the UPR category .
An especially remarkable increase is observed for Russia .
It is claimed that their IR 40 - 130 dollars / kg category increased by a factor of 17.7 from 19,000 tons to 337,000 tons .
The reported changes of the IR data for Australia , Kazakhstan , Niger , and the Ukraine are also interesting .
Table 8 : The IR resource ratios as obtained from the Red Book 2007 and 2005 editions for the 10 countries claiming to have a total of more than 100,000 tons of RAR resources on their territory .
Not all countries have submitted or updated these numbers for the 2007 edition .
Especially remarkable changes are observed for Russia , where the category IR ( 40 - 130 dollars /kg ) is now estimated to be 337,000 tons .
Changes for Australia , Kazakhstan , Niger , and the Ukraine are also interesting .
As we have seen already in Section 2 , the celebrated increase of the conventional uranium resources does not come from new discoveries of interesting uranium deposits , but from a new evaluation of the supposed - to - exist IR resources .
This statement can now be made more quantitatively .
The data show that this claimed increase of the IR resources comes essentially only from Russia ( from 40,652 tons to 373,300 tons ) , Australia ( from 396,000 tons to 518,000 tons ) , Kazakhstan ( from 302,202 tons to 439,200 tons ) , and the Ukraine ( from 23,130 tons to 64,500 tons ) .
A closer look at Russia shows that this increase is highly suspicious .
Whereas the IR number in the < 40 dollars / kg category changed by only 15,000 tons from 21,572 tons to 36,100 tons , an incredible increase from 19,080 tons to 337,200 tons is presented for the 40 - 130 dollars / kg category .
Kazakhstan is another example of a country with drastic changes of its IR data .
From the RB05 and RB07 , one finds that the IR number for Kazakhstan in the < 40 dollars / kg category increased from 129,252 tons in the 2005 estimate to 281,800 tons in 2007 , whereas the 40 - 130 dollars / kg number decreased from 172,950 to 157,400 tons .
The very speculative UPR and UPS data for Kazakhstan remained essentially unchanged .
As discussed in Parts I and II of this report [ 6 ] , the evolution of uranium mining in Kazakhstan is of particular importance to avoid a world uranium supply shortage during the coming 5 - 10 years .
It is claimed that , provided enough investments in the mining sector are done , this country can triple its uranium extraction within the next 10 - 15 years from 6637 tons in 2007 to 21,000 tons in 2015 .
A high estimate for future uranium discoveries in the low - cost category certainly helps to raise foreign interest in investments in the Kazakh uranium mining infrastructure .
Australia and South Africa also claim large increases , but their resources increased only in the < 40 dollars / kg IR category .
In contrast , the IR data for Canada , Brazil , and the USA remained unchanged at their 2005 values .
The above examples demonstrate that a large percentage of the claimed uranium resources and their evolution are not backed up by geological methods .
3.1 . Are some uranium resource data not based on geological meth­ods ?
If one accepts that uranium resource data for some countries are not based on geological methods , it follows that other methods have helped to fill the tables of the Red Book .
Consequently and in absence of explanations , one is somehow invited to formulate ideas about why some particular countries , probably with the help from large mining companies , might be interested in presenting either too high or too low resource numbers .
For example , one can imagine that " sudden " increases in resource numbers , as observed for Aus­tralia , Kazakhstan , Russia , and South Africa , will help to attract foreign investments .
In contrast , a sudden and drastic reduction in the most interesting < 40 dollars / kg RAR category , as observed for Niger , could be motivated by wishes to ( 1 ) keep potential uranium mining competitors out of the country , or ( 2 ) prevent the government and the people of a country to become informed about the exact wealth of a mining company that wants to either reduce its tax burden in this way or dissuade the government from expropriating it .
3.2 . Relations between different cost categories
We now compare the individual country resource data with the economic - geological hypothesis presented in Section 2.2 .
Starting with the lowest and highest RAR and IR cost categories of < 40 dollars / kg and 80 - 130 dollars / kg , one finds that some country estimates show surprisingly large differences in these categories with respect to the world average .
For example , 53 % of the world RAR resources are expected in the < 40 dollars / kg categories , but only 22 % are expected in the 80 - 130 dollars / kg category , which is in strong disagreement with the economic - geological hypothesis .
The disagreement with this hypothesis becomes even stronger for Australia , Canada , and Kazakhstan .
Australia claims 98 % of the RAR to be in the low - cost category .
Too high numbers for this category are also reported from Canada ( 82 % ) and Kazakhstan ( 62 % ) .
In contrast , the numbers in this cost category for Russia ( 28 % ) and Niger ( 9 % ) are very low .
For Niger , the uranium amount in this class is now given as 21,300 tons , which is about 150,000 tons smaller than the amount claimed in the 2005 edition , when 96 % of the country 's RAR resources were assigned to the < 40 dollars / kg category .
The data reported for the IR category show similar discrepancies between the world average ratios and the ones from individual countries .
One finds that world - wide , 56 % of the IR resources are predicted in the < 40 dollars / kg , whereas 13 % are predicted in the 80 - 130 dollars / kg categories .
In comparison , the correspondents from Australia , Canada , and Kazakhstan think that 94 % , 88 % , and 64 % , respectively will be found in the < 40 dollars / kg category .
The three countries thus predict that their not - yet - discovered IR resource fractions match almost perfectly the corresponding RAR fractions .
In contrast , the correspondents from Russia assume that only 9.7 % of their IR resources will eventually be found in the low - cost category .
For Niger , the low - cost IR fraction is given as 42 % , and is thus close to the world average .
The Red Book uranium resource data show that the economic - geological hypothesis is not backed up by the data .
This conclusion is strengthened beyond any doubt , if one believes that Australia and Canada provide the most reliable resource data .
The relation between the RAR numbers and the IR numbers is also interesting .
For the < 40 dollars / kg category , Australia assumes to know about 709,000 tons RAR and expects to find another 487 , 000 tons in the IR category , or 69 % of the RAR number .
In contrast for Canada , the RAR number is given as 270,000 tons and the IR number is presented as 82,000 tons , thus only 30 % of the RAR number .
3.3 . Uranium mining and its effect on resource data
Finally , we would like to see how uranium extraction , claimed to be known accurately to the ton , e.g. far better than with a 0.1 % accuracy , influences the remaining amount of uranium in the different RAR resource categories and in some selected countries .
For this investigation , we remind the reader that world - wide about 40,000 tons of uranium are mined on average every year .
For many years and despite non-negligible efforts made by many countries , only three countries extract about 60 % of this uranium and individually more than 5000 tons per year .
Another 25 % of this uranium come from three countries that contribute about 3000 tons / year each , and further 12 % stem from three additional countries that together extract roughly 5000 tons / year .
Furthermore , the uranium extraction is concentrated in the hands of a few transnational mining companies .
The four biggest among them : Rio Tinto , Cameco , Areva , and KazAtomProm provided about 26,000 tons / year to the world uranium market , about 59 % in 2008 .
Despite the claim that plenty of cheaply extractable uranium can be found almost everywhere on the planet and that the extraction cost does not play a significant role , 66 % of the 41,000 tons extracted in 2007 came from only 10 uranium mines .
The biggest mine today , McArthur River in Canada owned dominantly by Cameco , extracted 7200 tons of uranium in 2007 , or about 18 % of the world - wide production .
This number might be compared with today 's stressed world oil situation , where the largest oil field ever , Ghawar in Saudi Arabia , contributes about 6 % of the total world oil production .
It might thus be more accurate to compare the fraction of uranium production from this one mine alone with the fraction of oil produced by Saudi Arabia and Kuwait combined .
The mine started only about 10 years ago and reached 7200 tons / year during the years 2002 - 2007 .
Since the startup in the year 2000 , about 58,000 tons have been extracted .
According to Cameco , this mine exploits the world largest high - grade uranium deposit with proven and probable reserves of 332.6 million pounds of U3O8 .
This corresponds to an equivalent of 130,000 tons of natural uranium , with about 65,000 tons assigned to the proven reserves as of December 31 , 2008 [ 17 ] .
This mine seems to be past its peak by now , as in 2008 , only 6383 tons were produced , and the output of the first half of 2009 reported by Cameco on August 12 , 2009 , appears to again be 12 % lower than the one obtained during the same period in 2008 [ 18 ] .
If one assumes that about 50 % of the economically extractable uranium had been mined up to 2005 / 06 , the presumed peak year , one could estimate that , instead of the 65,000 tons claimed , only about 45,000 to 50,000 tons remain to be mined .
The next few years will tell , if the decline rate observed since 2007 will continue .
The next two mines , Ranger in Australia and Rossing in Namibia , produced together 8000 tons of uranium in 2008 , about 25 % more than the McArthur River mine alone .
Combined , the three largest mines produced 33 % of the total and slightly more than the next 7 big uranium mines together .
This fraction corresponds roughly to the entire OPEC share of the world oil production .
Thus , uranium extraction is much more centralized and monopolized than any other energy resource .
In fact , if the world oil situation , with a few giant oil companies and a country cartel , frightens policy makers and most oil consumers , the uranium situation is by all standards even more dangerous .
We shall now analyze whether the amount of uranium extracted during the past years has some effect on the RAR numbers .
For this study , we use the uranium quantities extracted during the past few years as provided in the different editions of the Red Book and summarized in a single table in a WNA information paper [ 16 ] .
Starting with the largest producer country , Canada , one finds that the three large existing mines extracted essentially 100 % of the 9477 tons and 9000 tons in 2007 and 2008 , respectively .
During the years 2003 - ­2004 and 2005 - 2006 , the total extracted uranium is given as 22,055 tons and 21,491 tons , respectively .
Table 6 shows that the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category decreased during these two year periods by 10,064 tons and 17,100 tons , respectively .
As it seems reasonable to assume that the existing big uranium mines operate and deplete only the < 40 dollars / kg category currently , the numbers show that only 50 % ( 2005 ) and 80 % ( 2007 ) of the decrease can be accounted for directly .
Two explanations are possible , ( 1 ) about 12,000 tons ( 2003+2004 ) and 4000 tons ( 2005+2006 ) of new deposit in the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category have been discovered during the considered two - year periods , or ( 2 ) the extraction figures are not adequately taken into account .
We now turn to Australia , the second - largest contributor of uranium .
During the four years from 2003 to 2006 , a total uranium extraction of 33,663 tons is reported , while the < 40 dollars / kg category increased by 20,000 tons in accordance with Table 6 .
As Australia does not claim to have significant amounts of uranium in the 40 - ­80 dollars / kg and 80 - 130 dollars / kg RAR categories , one concludes again that essentially all of the extracted uranium came from the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category .
Consequently , the new findings in this category from 2003 to 2006 must have been about 54,000 tons .
However , such large new uranium discoveries over a four - year period are puzzling as the other two RAR cost categories of 40 - 80 dollars / kg and 80 - 130 dollars / kg remained unchanged between 2003 and 2005 and even decreased by 8000 tons and 22,000 tons between 2005 and 2007 .
Thus , the extraction numbers from Australia are clearly inconsistent with the reported RAR numbers .
As a last example , we analyze the situation in Niger , a former French colony , that became indepen­dent in 1960 .
It is one of the poorest countries in the world with an electricity production of roughly 0.234 billion kWh ( 2005 ) , corresponding to an almost negligible amount of 18 kWh per year and per person .
Yet , the 3032 tons of uranium extracted in 2008 allowed to fuel almost 20 GWe of nuclear power plants in France and other European countries , which produced roughly 140 billion kWh during that year .
Between 2003 and 2006 , about 13,000 tons of uranium have been extracted from the mines operated dominantly by Areva , a French transnational nuclear company .
In 2003 , the RAR resources were reported as 89,800 tons in the < 40 dollars / kg and 12,447 tons in the 40 - 130 dollars / kg category .
These numbers changed in 2005 by incredible amounts to 172,866 tons and 7600 tons , respectively .
Another drastic change is reported in the 2007 Red Book , where the corresponding RAR numbers are now given as 21,300 tons and 222,180 tons , respectively .
Clearly , the 13,000 tons of uranium extracted during these 4 years are not accounted for , and the Red Book authors do not care to comment about the incredibly large jumps back and forth between the < 40 dollars / kg and 40 - 130 dollars / kg RAR categories .
These numbers must contain a substantial fantasy factor , which can perhaps be explained with the misinformation hypothesis .
This suspicion is further supported by Areva 's problems with the real owners of the mines , often referred to as " Tuareg rebels , " who ( somewhat understandably ) ask for a larger share in the profits .
In summary , the claimed " high - precision " uranium resource data and the known extraction data from the past few years do not match up .
These and the other inconsistencies described in Sections 2 and 3 of this article raise suspicions about the reliability of the RAR uranium data .
4. Consequences for the long - term nuclear energy future
The analysis presented in Sections 2 and 3 of this article demonstrates that the uranium resource data , prepared , updated , and published every two years by the IAEA and the NEA in the Red Book , do not measure up to the claimed high - precision standards .
On the contrary , it even seems that some individual country resource data are not based on a scientific geological resource estimate .
Consequently , fairly large error margins should be associated even with the reasonably assured resources ( RAR ) category .
As an example , one could assume the RAR resource numbers reported by Australia and Canada , who claim almost all of their RAR resources in the low - cost category , to be most reliable .
If this idea is applied to the entire world , one would guess that only the numbers in the < 40 dollars / kg RAR category are reliable and therefore relevant .
As a result , the known uranium resources could be guessed as ≤ 2 million tons , corresponding to a resource life - time of just 30 years at the current consumption rate .
Such an evaluation would certainly discourage the idea of constructing new standard light water reactors with a presumed life - time of 60 years .
This simple - minded example demonstrates that more realistic uranium resource information is urgently needed .
Such an analysis , clearly beyond the scope of this paper , would have to be based on a critical mine - by - mine and country - by - country analysis .
At the current time , however , the Red Book uranium resource data are the only existing and usable data base .
These data , including large uncertainties , demonstrate that the economic - geological hy­pothesis is contradicted by the data .
This widely used hypothesis states that more and more uranium can be extracted if only the price is allowed to increase .
This claim is in total disagreement with the overall resource data and with the data offered by many individual countries .
Thus , one is left with the choice of either rejecting the Red Book data completely and sticking with an unproven hypothesis , or giving up that unproven hypothesis .
In summary , we point out that countries interested in the construction of a new nuclear power plant within the next 10 - 20 years should find a way to guarantee their needed uranium fuel for at least 40 years , before they invest perhaps up to 4 billion Euro per GWe of installed power .
The warning applies to all Western European countries , Japan , and South - Korea , which depend to almost 100 % on stable uranium deliveries from far away .
These countries should take one particular paragraph from the Red Book 2007 NEA press declaration very seriously :
" At the end of 2006 , world uranium production ( 39,603 tons ) provided about 60 % of world reactor requirements ( 66,500 tons ) for the 435 commercial nuclear reactors in operation .
The gap between production and requirements was made up by secondary sources draw down from government and commercial inventories ( such as the dismantling of over 12,000 nuclear warheads and the re-enrichment of uranium tails ) .
Most secondary resources are now in decline and the gap will increasingly need to be closed by new production .
Given the long lead time typically required to bring new resources into production , uranium supply shortfalls could develop if production facilities are not implemented in a timely manner . "
Many other reports have studied the world uranium supply situation in detail .
Even though most of these reports assume , contrary to our study , that the Red Book uranium resource data are largely correct , very similar conclusions about the short - and long - term critical uranium supply situation are reached .
The list below provides references to some recent studies that reach the conclusion that the known uranium deposits and techniques of uranium extraction are not sufficient to fuel a nuclear energy renaissance based on conventional light water reactors .
The following three studies are from groups that favor nuclear energy .
They find that even a small 1 % annual nuclear power growth scenario will be faced with serious and unsolved uranium supply problems during the first half of the 21st century .
A report published in 2002 entitled : A Technological Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems [ 19 ] points out that the known conventional uranium resources will only last between 30 - 50 years .
Thus , a new conventional nuclear power plant , which might be operational in 2020 , may only obtain uranium fuel until sometime between 2040 and 2050 .
[ 19 ] points out that the known conventional uranium resources will only last between 30 - 50 years .
Thus , a new conventional nuclear power plant , which might be operational in 2020 , may only obtain uranium fuel until sometime between 2040 and 2050 .
The authors of an IAEA 2001 report entitled Analysis of Uranium Supply to 2050 [ 20 ] quantify the uranium deficit with respect to the RAR numbers for different scenarios about the future use of nuclear fission energy .
The estimated deficit is given in units of millions of tons of uranium .
Many details about the potential contributions of uranium from a large number of unconventional resources are presented in that report ( Section 5 ) , and especially the remarks about sea water uranium are remarkable : " Research on extracting uranium from sea water will undoubtedly continue , but at the current costs sea water as a potential commercial source of uranium is little more than a curiosity . "
[ 20 ] quantify the uranium deficit with respect to the RAR numbers for different scenarios about the future use of nuclear fission energy .
The estimated deficit is given in units of millions of tons of uranium .
Many details about the potential contributions of uranium from a large number of unconventional resources are presented in that report ( Section 5 ) , and especially the remarks about sea water uranium are remarkable : " Research on extracting uranium from sea water will undoubtedly continue , but at the current costs sea water as a potential commercial source of uranium is little more than a curiosity . "
A 2007 M.I.T. study group concluded that " lack of fuel may limit U.S. nuclear power expan­sion " [ 21 ] .
Other groups of analysts with critical views concerning nuclear fission energy have also studied the Red Book uranium resource data .
All these studies , even if they assume that the Red Book uranium resource numbers are more or less accurate , conclude that a substantial increase of nuclear fission energy , using conventional light water reactors , is essentially impossible .
The Energy Watch Group report of December 2006 [ 22 ] with Dr. Werner Zittel and Jörg Schindler of the Ludwig Bölkow Systemtechnik GmbH as the principle authors conclude that : " If only 42,000 tons / year of the proved reserves below 40 dollar / kg can be converted into produc­tion volumes , then supply problems are likely even before 2020 .
If all estimated known resources up to 130 dollar / kg extraction cost can be converted into production volumes , a shortage can at best be delayed until about 2050 . "
report of December 2006 [ 22 ] with Dr. Werner Zittel and Jörg Schindler of the Ludwig Bölkow Systemtechnik GmbH as the principle authors conclude that : " If only 42,000 tons / year of the proved reserves below 40 dollar / kg can be converted into produc­tion volumes , then supply problems are likely even before 2020 .
If all estimated known resources up to 130 dollar / kg extraction cost can be converted into production volumes , a shortage can at best be delayed until about 2050 . "
The WISE Uranium Project Uranium Supply and Demand [ 23 ] contains some interesting graphics that relate the various resource categories from the 2005 Red Book with some modest nuclear growth scenarios and demonstrate the year when the uranium supply cliff will be reached .
[ 23 ] contains some interesting graphics that relate the various resource categories from the 2005 Red Book with some modest nuclear growth scenarios and demonstrate the year when the uranium supply cliff will be reached .
In the article The Red Face Book published by Sanders Research in September 2008 , John Busby analyzed the 2007 Red Book in much detail [ 24 ] .
Many of the internal inconsistencies of the Red Book 2007 have most likely been pointed out in this article for the very first time .
His presented conclusions about the near - and long - term uranium supply troubles are essentially identical to the ones obtained independently and with a somewhat different approach in the first three parts of this four - part article [ 6 ] .
published by Sanders Research in September 2008 , John Busby analyzed the 2007 Red Book in much detail [ 24 ] .
Many of the internal inconsistencies of the Red Book 2007 have most likely been pointed out in this article for the very first time .
His presented conclusions about the near - and long - term uranium supply troubles are essentially identical to the ones obtained independently and with a somewhat different approach in the first three parts of this four - part article [ 6 ] .
Another important report published in November 2007 , The Lean Guide to Nuclear Energy , by David Fleming [ 25 ] has focused on many issues of nuclear energy and their inconsistencies .
Fleming concludes his discussion with the statement : " Shortages of uranium and the lack of realistic alternatives leading to interruptions in supply , can be expected to start in the middle years of the decade 2010 - 2019 , and to deepen thereafter . "
, by David Fleming [ 25 ] has focused on many issues of nuclear energy and their inconsistencies .
Fleming concludes his discussion with the statement : " Shortages of uranium and the lack of realistic alternatives leading to interruptions in supply , can be expected to start in the middle years of the decade 2010 - 2019 , and to deepen thereafter . "
Finally we would like to reference the report Nuclear Power - The Energy Balance by Jan Willem Storm van Leeuwen and Philip Smith and its latest update by Jan Willem Storm van Leeuwen [ 26 ] .
This report offers , among other things , an energy balance of the entire nuclear power chain , starting from the mining to the waste disposal .
It presents the hypothesis that " economically extractable uranium resources are limited . "
5. Summary
Despite the shortcomings of the Red Book and its associated large uncertainties , some valuable information can still be extracted from it .
Perhaps the most important results of our analysis are :
The " economic - geological hypothesis " that more uranium resources can be extracted if only one is willing to pay a higher price is in direct contradiction with the Red Book resource data .
Realistic uranium resource data cannot be obtained directly from the Red Book .
However , a detailed comparison of the data from current and past editions of the Red Book and the often far too drastic resource changes reported , following some observations from this analysis , can possibly be used in the future to obtain better resource estimates .
The economically extractable uranium resources in many countries are most likely much smaller than generally believed .
In absence of a Red Book document that measures up to its claims , only the RAR uranium data in the < 40 dollars / kg category are reliable and believable .
The analysis presented in this and the previous two parts of this four - part article [ 6 ] demonstrates that the current uranium extraction and the believed - to - exist uranium resources are incompatible with even a modest growth scenario of conventional nuclear fission power .
A debate about the future of nuclear energy must therefore be based on the two questions :
When – if ever – will reliable and safe commercial breeder reactors based on uranium or thorium become available ?
and Will nuclear fusion power be always 50 years away ?
The current situation and the prospects about these future hypothetical options will be presented in the fourth and final part of this report .
Our analysis can thus best be summarized with an addition to the recent warning from Fatih Birol , the chief economist of the International Energy Agency [ 27 ] :
" We should leave oil before it leaves us , " by stating that " we should also terminate the use of nuclear fission energy based on standard light water reactors before uranium leaves us as well . "
References
[ 1 ] Cf. for example the Joint Oil Data Initiative available at http://www.jodidata.org/ and the related G8 declaration Responsible Leadership for a Sustainable Future presented at the G8 Summit 2009 , 8 - 10 July 2009 , in L'Aquila , Italy , available at http://www.jodidata.org/WS_23.htm.
[ 2 ] The 2006 review Forty Years of Uranium Resources , Production and Demand in Perspective .
The Red Book Retrospective can be found at the OECD bookshop http://www.oecdbookshop.org/oecd/display.asp?K=5L9N4JNZGN0W&LANG=EN.
A free online version can be found via Google books .
[ 3 ]
The detailed numbers are extracted from the Red Book 2007 edition , Ura­nium 2007 Resources , Production and Demand .
The book is published ev­ery two years by the IAEA / NEA and can be found at the OECD book store http://www.oecdbookshop.org/oecd/display.asp?K=5KZLLSXQS6ZV&DS=Uranium-2007.
Free online versions of some past editions can be found via " Google books . "
[ 4 ]
Nuclear Energy Agency press declaration of June 3 , 2008 concerning the 2007 edi­tion of the Red Book : Uranium 2007 Resources , Production and Demand to be found at http://www.nea.fr/html/general/press/2008/2008-02.html.
[ 5 ] Cf. for example the presentation Long - Term Sustainability of Nuclear Fis­sion Energy by Byron Little presented at the 2006 American Nuclear Society Meeting http://www.sustainablenuclear.org/PADs/pad0606little.pdf.
Other examples of the Red Book data use are reported at http://www.inea.org.br/UraniumavailabilityINEAr1.pdf and http://www.wise-uranium.org/uod.html.
[ 6 ]
Parts I and II of this four - part article have been published at the Oil Drum , August 2009 at http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/5631 and http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/5677, respec­tively .
The articles are also available at the preprint archive http://xxx.lanl.gov/ filed under Physics and Society at http://xxx.lanl.gov/abs/0908.0627 and http://xxx.lanl.gov/abs/0908.3075, respectively .
[ 7 ] Cf. reference [ 3 ] , page 3 ( Preface ) .
[ 8 ] Cf. reference [ 3 ] , pages 383-385 ( Appendix 2 ) .
[ 9 ] Cf. reference [ 3 ] , pages 391f ( Appendix 4 ) .
[ 10 ] Cf. reference [ 3 ] , page 393 ( Appendix 4 ) .
[ 11 ]
The numbers and the quote are taken from the WNA document Supply of Uranium to be found at http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf75.html.
[ 12 ]
For more details cf .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uranium_depletion and the reference to the publication by K.S. Deffeyes , and I.D. MacGregor at http://www.osti.gov/energycitations/product.biblio.jsp?osti_id=6665051.
[ 13 ]
For more information from Rio Tinto about the Rossing mine cf .
http://www.rossing.com/.
Additional information can be found at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rossing_Uranium_Mine.
[ 14 ] Dr. Hubbert ( in response to remarks by David Nissen - Exxon ) http://www.oilcrisis.com/Hubbert/to_Nissen.htm.
[ 15 ]
The numbers are extracted from the Red Book 2001 , 2003 , 2005 , and 2007 editions : Ura­nium Resources , Production and Demand .
The books can be found at the OECD bookshop http://www.oecdbookshop.org/oecd/index.asp?lang=en.
Free online versions of some past editions can be found via " Google books . "
[ 16 ]
The data are obtained from the WNA information paper World Uranium Mining to be found at http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf23.html.
[ 17 ]
For details about the McArthur River mine cf. the Cameco report at http://www.cameco.com/mining/mcarthur_river/ and the WNA information paper : Ura­nium Production in Canada at http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/inf49.html.
[ 18 ]
Detailed reports from Cameco can be found in the report : Second Quarter Earnings at http://www.cameco.com/media/news_releases/2009/?id=488.
[ 19 ] Cf. the Generation IV Technology Roadmap and the latest evolution at http://gif.inel.gov/roadmap/.
The uranium resource problem is presented on page 13 of the roadmap document http://gif.inel.gov/roadmap/pdfs/gen_iv_roadmap.pdf.
[ 20 ]
The year 2001 IAEA report : Analysis of Uranium Supply to 2050 can be found at http://www-pub.iaea.org/MTCD/publications/PDF/Pub1104_scr.pdf.
[ 21 ]
A summary of the MIT study and further links can be found at http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2007/fuel-supply.html.
[ 22 ]
The report from the energy watch group can be found at http://www.energywatchgroup.org/fileadmin/global/pdf/EWG_Report_Uranium_3-12-2006ms.pdf.
[ 23 ]
The slides can be found at http://www.wise-uranium.org/stk.html?src=stkd03e.
[ 24 ]
The Report by John Busby can be found at http://www.after-oil.co.uk/redfacebook.htm.
[ 25 ]
The report by Dr. Fleming can be found at http://www.theleaneconomyconnection.net/downloads.html#Nuclear.
[ 26 ]
The detailed report and some corresponding discussions with critiques by J.W. Storm can be found at http://www.stormsmith.nl/.
[ 27 ]
This quote from F. Birol can be found for example at http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/warning-oil-supplies-are-running-out-fast%C2%AD1766585.html.
( This was originally posted to my Facebook page as a “ Note ” on Monday , 13 July 2009 at 23:24 )
I recently had an unusual moment while sitting on a bench , at Lime Ridge Mall , in Hamilton , Ontario .
It was the end of a long day and I was tired .
I let my eyes close gently and fell into a sort of momentary reverie , into a half doze , I suppose .
After a minute or two , I drifted back to the world and noticed that a woman , in her late 50s or early 60s – it was hard to tell , she had one of those ageless faces – had sat down beside me .
She looked disconsolate .
Being naturally nosy , and seeking a momentary diversion from the day ’s efforts , I asked her what was wrong .
She turned her head sharply to face me , as though I had startled her and then moved her gaze to some imaginary place on the tiles in front of us .
In a gentle , lilting voice , she told me that her heart was broken that day .
She looked down at her shoes .
She was embarrassed by the fact that I had noticed her emotions .
Expecting a typical tale of love lost , I asked her what was wrong .
That was when she related to me a most extraordinary story .
I will call her Jeannette .
She lives in an apartment building in Hamilton .
She is alone but has a roommate .
It is a run down building full of older people and their pets , cats and dogs mostly .
Jeannette had lived on her floor for 25 years and seen many people come and go .
She had seen prosperity and then decline .
As the years flowed by , her friends started passing away or leaving , but one friend in particular worried her .
This friend had an autistic son who had grown up to be a dysfunctional adult – for lack of health care and therapy but also because of the severity of his affliction and his mother ’s poverty .
His mother had spent much of her time and all of her scant resources caring for him .
About ten years ago , she had lost her job and Jeannette had felt it was her duty to step in and help her friend cope .
Jeannette spent time caring for the son when his mother was not around or too depressed to be able to .
She took him to the store and to his medical appointments , as well as for walks in the park .
She says that he did n’t talk much – he just enjoyed sitting on the bench with her and watching people walk their dogs or looking at squirrels chase one another up and around the oak trees .
The chattering squirrels always made him laugh .
Jeannette did n’t go on vacation very often because she knew that mother and son could n’t take care of themselves without her help .
Very recently , the son had passed away , and then , a few days before our chance meeting , his mother passed too .
Jeannette suspects that she took her own life .
So this morning , Jeannette woke up decided to go to the mall , alone and free for the first time in years .
To spend a few hours among people .
To take her mind off things .
She was not at ease .
Her mind was racing with the reality of what had happened .
She had spent the last seven years as a sort of sleepwalker in a dream , slowly deepening her commitment to helping mother and son , until she became a primary caregiver .
Now that they are gone , Jeannette is struggling with the fact that her life was put on hold for so long .
She does n’t resent or regret anything – she just feels sad and lonely .
She feels spent .
After this encounter , an idea entered my consciousness .
The idea of people , strangers often , feeling the responsibility to care for one another and going to great sacrifice to do so .
I heard similar stories again and again from others .
The roommates in a house who cook and clean for a housemate who has severe panic - anxiety disorder .
The student who falls into a deep depression and becomes dependent on her neighbours to the point that they took her on vacation and paid for her , for fear that she would hurt herself while they were gone .
The brother and sister who put their lives aside for years to care for a sibling who has a personality disorder .
The friends who take a friend who is scarred from an abusive relationship into their home and under their wing .
These are but a few examples of those , who like Jeannette , have felt the moral or ethical duty to help and care for the people around them who are vulnerable and hurting because of mental illness .
These stories reveal a hole in our social safety net .
We have not figured out how to deal with the social cost of mental illness for the people who live around and care for the sufferers .
Quite often it seems that it is these quiet heroes , who give so freely and completely of themselves who are the only firewall between the mentally ill and complete social alienation , loneliness and rejection .
They stand at the edge of the abyss and are vigilant – pulling the vulnerable back from the void when they approach it .
They bring a measure of security and stability to lives that would otherwise be precarious .
They bring love and the light of friendship to lives otherwise hidden behind a closed door or shrouded in the darkness of profound loneliness , isolation and hurt .
They do this at great cost to their finances , emotional well - being and personal freedom .
Something has been overlooked here .
Building a caring society – a loving society – means finding ways to take the pressure off the generous family members and strangers who are dealing with the wages of knowing and caring for someone who has mental illness .
These quiet heroes are holding the ladder while the rest of us climb .
Something must be done to help shoulder their burden .
As a society , we have moved toward de-stigmatizing mental illness .
Investing millions to improve the identification and diagnosis of mental illness is one thing .
Building a more caring , loving and mutually supportive society is another .
Is this utopian ?
Not at all .
It simply requires a cultural sea change away from selfishness and personal insecurity toward sharing and confident openness .
Jean Vanier ’s L’Arche communities are an excellent example of how this can be achieved .
It is possible to build more humane , caring communities .
This is a job for governments and faith communities at every level .
It can no longer be ignored .
We need to start working hard to build , with our leaders , a better culture of mutual support and respect , rather than one that seeks to maximize personal success and prestige .
To walk this road , we need to acknowledge that by including the vulnerable as equally valuable to us , we are not being condescending or charitable , but rather engaging in an exchange that will lead to mutual transformation .
The helper becomes the helped .
We must link arms and find a means of integrating , including and healing those who suffer from mental illness rather than isolating , rejecting and neglecting them .
Then , perhaps , we will be able to unburden the quiet heroes , like Jeannette , who give so freely and so completely of their lives to keep the vulnerable away from the cliff ’s edge of despair , while the rest of us live on in happy oblivion .
Advertisements
Share this : Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Pocket
( Yes , I know it 's already been blogged , but I 'll take another shot a the rec list - Z )
Colorado's freshman Senator , Michael Bennet , seems to have picked up on some things that some of our more conflicted and less astute senators have not : a thorough revamping of how we deliver health care and a thorough thrashing of the unethical , profit - driven Health Care Denial™ industry is critical now , not just for the immediate health of all our citizens , but also for the long - term health of our economy and the ability of millions of businesses to afford to stay in business .
Ein Bericht des irischen Justizministeriums offenbart eine Konspiration zwischen Erzbischöfen und Polizei in Fällen priesterlichen Missbrauchs von Kindern
Noch vor Jahren war es dem Besuch einer irischen Familie nicht erlaubt , auch nur ein kritisches Wort über Priester fallen zu lassen , dessen ungeachtet lachte man abends gemeinsam über die Sit-Com " Father Ted " ... Das Lachen über harmlose menschliche Abirrungen vom rechten Weg , den die geistlichen Hirten in dieser Serie zeigten , ist den Iren nun schon seit längerem vergangen .
Die Realität brachte in diesem Jahrzehnt Vergehen der Priester an Kindern zum Vorschein , die für viele überzeugte irische Katholiken wie ein Alptraum ausnehmen .
Nach den Enthüllungen des sogenannten Ryan- Reports und den Erkenntnissen der Ryan- Kommission , die seit Sommer dieses Jahres im Netz nachzulesen sind , die den unsagbaren Horror von weit über zehntausend Kindern offenlegt , die von Priestern , Lehrern und Laien , die für die Kirche arbeiteten , misshandelt , geprügelt , schikaniert oder vergewaltigt wurden , wurde gestern der Bericht einer Untersuchungskommission des Justizministeriums veröffentlicht , die sich Akten der Erzdiözese Dublin genauer angeschaut hat .
Tausende von Dokumente wurden von der Kommission durchgesehen , neun Jahre lang , herausgekommen ist eine Anklageschrift von über siebenhundert Seiten , die eine Konspiration zwischen den Erzbischöfen und verantwortlichen Polizeistellen offenbart : Demnach hätten sich beide Institutionen darüber verständigt , dass man die Fälle von Kindesmisshandlungen durch Priester besser verschweigen solle als zu ermitteln .
In dem fast 30 Jahre ( von 1975 bis 2004 ) umspannenden Berichtszeitraum gab es Tausende von Fällen , in denen sich Priester an den ihnen anvertrauten Kinder vergingen .
Das war nach Ermittlungen der Berichtverfasser den vier in diesem Zeitraum amtierenden Erzbischöfen der Diözese durchaus bekannt .
Dennoch hielten sie ihre schützende
Hand nicht über die Kinder , sondern über die Priester - manche wurden sogar befördert , der Kontakt mit Kindern konnte von ihnen weiter aufrechterhalten werden .
Die Anstrengungen der Bischöfe konzentrierten sich darauf , den Skandal , der den Ruf der Kirche erschüttert hätte , zu verhindern - mit Hilfe einer Polizei , die sehr darauf bedacht war , die Priester in Ruhe zu lassen .
Und immer wieder mit der Rückenstärkung von geistlichen Würdenträgern , die als Gelehrte der himmlischen Gerechtigkeit auf Erden galten , als Spezialisten des kanonischen Rechts etwa , und beträchtlichen Einfluss ausübten .
Nach Auffassung etwa von Monsignor Gerard Sheehy lag es nicht in der Verantwortung der Erzdiözese , Beschwerden über pädophile Priester an staatliche Autoritäten oder die Garda - Polizei weiterzuleiten .
Der Bericht verweist unter anderem auch darauf , dass die Erzdiözese bereits 1987 eine Versicherungspolice gegen Schadenersatzforderungen von Opfern abgeschlossen hatte .
Missbrauchsfälle wurden aber erst sehr viel später , Mitte der neunziger Jahre , weitergemeldet - allerdings auch nur vereinzelte Fälle .
“ When someone is asked for their own use they say around 40 minutes a week , but when asked about their colleagues they say they say up to an hour a day .
We have used the lower of those figures rather than the high point , " he said .
Your pay grade is just that high .
It says , “ I ’m better than this clunky laptop docking station .
I ’m better than sticking a power cord into my computer .
And I ’m better than waiting for Windows to check my e-mail . ”
Well , demanding executives tired of mingling with the masses , fret no more .
Dell has the laptop for you .
And it ’s not even a Mac .
On Tuesday , Dell bestowed the Latitude Z upon the upper crust .
According to Dell , it ’s the world ’s thinnest ( 14 mm ) 16 - inch laptop , and it starts at $ 1,999 .
The laptop has a slick , black cherry finish that makes it look black in certain light and burgundy in other light .
All the other finer touches are there , including a backlighted keyboard , a high - definition ( 1600×900 ) WLED display , solid state disk drives , a 2 megapixel camera and carrying cases designed by Cole Haan and Timbuck2 .
But the Latitude Z’s real magic lies elsewhere .
For example , most laptops require brute force and crunching noises before making their way into docking stations .
But not the Latitude Z .
It glides onto a shiny , thin platform that fuels the laptop via an inductive charging mechanism much like you would find with a fancy toothbrush that recharges on a stand .
The platform then uses wireless communications to link with a small , rectangular docking station that handles a connection to the office network and monitor .
So , the executive looking to impress can buy a wireless mouse and wireless keyboard and then plop the Latitude Z onto the platform , revealing a one - cord ( power ) wonder .
`
But the most impressive feature on the Latitude Z may be the ability to check e-mail , calendar and contact information and to browse the Web via an instant - on software package .
The software fires up the moment you open the laptop and connects right to a wireless network without Windows .
( Under the hood , it ’s Linux running on top of an ARM chip on a mini-motherboard that provides this quick access feature .
You ’re basically talking about most of the components needed to run an iPhone being hitched to a large battery .
So , the computer can run in instant - on mode for days . )
Some users
Dell surveyed spent 70 percent of their time working in the instant - on mode .
Microsoft is sure to take note of that figure .
Windows has turned into a clunky cup holder .
The laptop has some more bells and whistles .
You can , for example , just slide an identity badge ( RFID ) across the keyboard , and the computer will read it .
The laptop also uses the camera to see when a person is at the keyboard , and will lock down when the person leaves .
And then the right side of the monitor acts as a sort of touch - wheel , letting you scroll through application icons and start applications just by rubbing your finger along the edge of the laptop .
While nifty , that last feature did n’t seem to work that well , and I ’m not sure why anyone would actually use it .
Dell said that people have come to expect some bit of touch wonderment on their gadgets , so it threw that in .
The wireless bits and pieces do impress , but seem more about form than function .
You still have to put a plug into the docking station even if the laptop then uses inductive recharging .
“ This is designed for impression makers and executives on the go , ” said Todd Forsythe , the vice president of life - cycle management at Dell .
To that end , Dell seems to have accomplished its goal .
Alcoholic energy drinks , marketed under provocative names such as Evil Eye , Max Fury and Slingshot Party Gel , have quickly gained a foothold among younger drinkers .
Now the producers of those beverages have a new , perhaps unwanted audience .
The Food and Drug Administration on Friday requested proof from the companies that their products , which blend caffeine and alcohol , are safe .
The FDA never has approved the addition of caffeine to an alcoholic beverage , and a task force of state attorneys general and other officials has urged the agency to scrutinize the combination .
The task force argues that the caffeine can mask the intoxicating effects of alcohol , possibly leading to an increase in drunk driving , sexual assault and other destructive behavior .
Advertisement
In the absence of FDA approval , the burden of proving that a new combination of food or drink is safe falls on the manufacturer , said Joshua Sharfstein , the agency ’s principal deputy commissioner .
“ We ’re asking for their side of the story , ” he said .
“ Why they consider adding caffeine to be safe or legal . ”
Sharfstein added that “ the FDA has not reached a conclusion ” about the drinks ’ safety , “ but we ’ve heard some serious concerns . ”
If the FDA determines that caffeine in the alcoholic drinks is unsafe , it could force them off the market .
Advertisement
In a Sept. 25 letter to the FDA , the task force said , “ There is a strong emerging consensus of scientific opinion that the combination of caffeine and alcohol . . . poses a serious public health risk . ”
“ The ultimate goal is a nationwide ban on alcohol - energy drinks marketed to young drinkers , ” said Connecticut Atty .
Gen. Richard Blumenthal , a co-chairman of the task force , which includes the attorneys general of California , Illinois and New York and 14 other state , territorial and city law enforcement officials .
Drink makers have 30 days to respond to the FDA request .
“ It ’s way past the time these products should have been pulled , ” said Michele Simon , research and policy director at the Marin Institute , an alcohol watchdog group .
“ I ca n’t imagine what these companies could come up with to satisfy the FDA ’s request . ”
Advertisement
Simon said the development of alcoholic energy products follows the popularity of combining the Red Bull energy drink with vodka in the late 1990s .
The nation ’s two largest brewers , Anheuser - Busch Cos. and MillerCoors , stopped selling caffeinated alcoholic beverages last year , after an investigation by the task force .
Many of the 27 firms targeted Friday by the FDA offer products explicitly billed as alcoholic energy drinks .
Spokesmen for two of the companies , Constellation Brands Inc. and Diageo North America , said they already had stopped production of the beverages .
Advertisement
Other firms named by the FDA do not market them as energy beverages .
One such company is Delicious Brands , the San Francisco - based maker of Lotus Vodka .
Chief Executive Rob Bailey said the vodka has caffeine , vitamins and other ingredients and is marketed to consumers in their 30s for fine dining , not as an energy drink .
He said his company “ will absolutely comply ” with the FDA ’s request , but “ brands like ours are being hit in the crossfire . ”
--
azajac@latimes.com
Advertisement
mary.macvean@latimes.com
9/11 Blogger
Monday , Nov 2nd , 2009
A few weeks ago I posted an entry about a meeting in the House of Commons in London .
The second meeting will be monday 2nd November .
With great support from a fairtrade coffee business , a full page advert was placed in one of our national newspapers , the Independent , on Saturday 31st October .
There will be a public meeting afterwards because the private meeting is for MPs and aides only .
Go to www.reinvestigate911.org to see the advert and information about the meetings .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Dennis Hopper is also an accomplished writer , director and artist
Actor Dennis Hopper has been diagnosed with prostate cancer and is cancelling all forthcoming appearances to focus on treatment , his manager has said .
Sam Maydew revealed the star is undergoing a " special programme " of treatment in California , adding , " we 're hoping for the best . "
Earlier on this month the 73 - year - old was admitted to hospital in New York .
It was disclosed the Easy Rider star was treated for severe flu - like symptoms and dehydration .
Hopper had been expected to appear at an exhibition in Australia , entitled Dennis Hopper And The New Hollywood , which was a collection of his artwork and photography .
Tony Sweeney , a spokesman for the Australian Centre for the Moving Image , said : " Obviously his health is the number one priority and we wish him a very speedy recovery . "
The Oscar - nominated actor , who is also an accomplished writer , director and artist , is also known for films including Blue Velvet and Apocalypse Now .
He is currently appearing in a TV adaptation of the 2004 Oscar - winning film Crash .
( Newser ) – What did expertly landing a plane on the Hudson River get “ hero pilot ” Chesley Sullenberger ?
“ Hero sex , ” says his wife .
Lorrie Sullenberger tells Matt Lauer for Thursday ’s People of the Year TV special that “ the hero sex really helps a 20 - year - old marriage , ” the AP reports .
“ Rock star sex , ” Sully adds .
Other People of the Year for the NBC special include Taylor Swift , Nadya Suleman , Susan Boyle , and Kobe Bryant .
( Read more Flight 1549 stories . )
As Firefox pops the champagne on its fifth birthday , one of its founding fathers has warned the world against an interwebs ruled by a certain money - minded tech giant .
That would be Google .
The Mountain View Chocolate Factory was instrumental in the rise of Mozilla 's open - source web browser , contributing not only code , but considerable amounts of cash .
Since 2004 , Mozilla has pocketed a slice of all Google search cash generated by Firefox traffic , and in 2006 and 2007 , Mountain View dollars accounted for more than 85 per cent of the open - sourcers ' revenues .
But following the debut of Google 's very own Chrome browser last year , a certain chilliness has come between the two .
Their financial relationship has n't changed - Mozilla still needs the cash , and Google still needs the traffic - but in other ways , they are n't as close as they once were .
Firefox was founded to revive the mid-90s browser wars with Microsoft and Internet Explorer .
But five years after the official debut of Firefox in November 2004 , a kind of browser cold war has developed with Microsoft 's biggest rival .
" I look at Google and I do n't see a lot of alignment with the big picture of the internet , " says Asa Dotzler , the ten - year Mozilla vet who was among the team of three or four who founded the Firefox project back in 2002 .
" Google is essentially an advertising company .
That 's where they make their money .
They provide a wonderful service - primarily their search service - but it serves their advertising goals .
It serves their revenue goals .
The more they can know about their users , the more effective they believe they can advertise , the more money they believe they can make .
That is most fundamental . "
He does n't see Google as the new Microsoft .
Far from it .
But Google is still a threat to the Mozilla way .
Redmond and Mountain View have absolutely nothing in common , Dotzler says , except that they 're both public companies legally beholden to maximize revenue for their stockholders .
He 's adamant that if Google 's ad- centric vision comes to dominate , the web will wind up as something we 've all seen before .
" I hope that there is renewed competition in the search space and in the advertising space and in revenue models for the web beyond advertising , " he says .
" I fear that we would end up in a worse case scenario where the users of the web become consumers of content who sit in front of commercial advertising all day long and have no control over their experience .
And that sounds like cable TV to me .
The internet can be so much more . "
The irony , of course , is that Google ads are still propping Mozilla 's bottom line .
But the organization has revenue deals with multiple search engines , and Dotzler insists that none of them - not even the most lucrative - has an effect on the company 's egalitarian mindset .
As you might expect , he wholeheartedly nominates Mozilla as the outfit who can save the net from both Microsoft and Google .
" Mozilla creates a product that makes sure that the non-commercial aspects of the web - those things which have n't purely been designed to generate revenue - are well represented and that anyone can come along and participate without having to be a part of the financial model of the web , " he says .
" There are civic and cultural and educational aspects of the internet that needs a defender and an advocate .
They wo n't get that from traditional commercial organizations who have a legal responsibility not to care about this stuff . "
Just to confuse matters between the two posts , the Treaty also says that the President " shall , at his level and in that capacity , ensure the external representation of the Union on issues concerning its common foreign and security policy , without prejudice to the powers of the High Representative " .
Loading graph ...
Loading graph ...
master series is the current focus of development .
It 's been a while since I 've sung the praises of the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter 's HiRISE camera , which takes incredibly hi-res images of the surface of Mars .
Thanks to the HiRISE Twitter feed , I found this incredible picture :
Can I get a Holy Haleakala ! from the congregation ?
Wow .
I mean seriously , wow .
You really really want to go look at the embiggened version .
What you 're seeing here are sand dunes on Mars .
This region is in the center of a large crater at mid-north latitude on Mars , a couple of hours past local noon , and with a resolution of 50 cm ( 18 inches ) per pixel .
Sand dunes are common in crater beds , where the wind can blow steadily across the surface and sculpt the ever - present sand into those flowing sculptures .
But what this picture so spectacular are the graceful blue - gray swirls arcing across the dunes .
These are caused by dust devils , which are a bit like mini-tornadoes .
If the ground gets heated , rising air can punch through cooler air above it .
This starts up a convection cell , with warm air rising and cool air sinking .
If there is a horizontal wind the cell can start spinning , creating a vortex like a dust devil .
I 've seen hundreds of these on Earth , and they are wonderful and mesmerizing to watch .
The important thing to note here is that the sand in the craters of Mars is actually dark grey in color , since it 's made of basalt .
The reason it looks red in pictures is because covering the sand is a thin layer of much finer dust , and the dust is what 's red .
When a dust devil moves over the Martian surface , it can pick up the very light dust particles , but not the heavier sand grains .
So those blue - grey swirls are tracks where the dust devil has vacuumed up the dust , revealing the darker sand underneath .
If you look carefully in the tracks , you can see the sand dune ripples are undisturbed .
Only the dust is gone .
There 's more to see in the picture as well .
There is a sloping dune peak cutting across from top left to lower right ( it 's more obvious in the larger context view of this region ) , and again more dark streaks , linear this time , probably caused by sand sliding down the dune face .
When the sand moves , the dust covering it gets disturbed and once again you see the darker color of the sand itself .
I also love the way the dune shapes change depending on where they are in the picture , caused by differences in the wind patterns across the floor of the crater .
When I look at pictures like this , I am smacked in the face with the cold , hard fact that Mars is a world .
It 's not just a dot in the sky , it 's not just a set in a movie , it 's not just pictures from a space probe .
It 's a planet , a vast complex system of interacting environments which produces climates , landscapes , vistas , weather .
And man oh man , does it produce beauty , awe , and wonder .
Wow .
My thanks to Dr. Alfred McEwen of HiRISE for taking the time to explain to me the difference in color between the dust and the sand , and how that affects this image .
Legislation Introduced To Fix Major Gaff In New Jersey Gun-A-Month Law
Trenton , NJ –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
As drafted and hastily signed into law by outgoing New Jersey Gov .
Jon Corzine , over NSSF 's strenuous objection , New Jersey 's one - gun - a - month legislation did not provide an exemption for federally licensed firearms retailers , who would be barred from purchasing inventory from distributors or manufacturers .
This was reported on at length before being signed by the anti-gun governor who ignored all warnings .
NSSF raised this problem in testimony before the Firearms and Advisory Task Force .
Thankfully , the task force listened and recommended corrective legislation that has been introduced in the “ lame duck ” session and is expected to be passed in the next week or so and be signed into law .
About NSSF
The National Shooting Sports Foundation is the trade association for the firearms industry .
Its mission is to promote , protect and preserve hunting and the shooting sports .
Formed in 1961 , NSSF has a membership of more than 4,000 manufacturers , distributors , firearms retailers , shooting ranges , sportsmen ’s organizations and publishers .
For more information , log on to www.nssf.org.
SQL Transparent Data Encryption SQL 2008 ( TDE )
SQL Transparent Data Encryption ( TDE ) Definition SQL Transparent data encryption ( TDE ) can be considered as a new security tool for security administrators and SQL Server Database administrators which performs a real time I/O encryption and decryption while reading sql data and log files .
By using transparent data encryption SQL 2008 administrators can keep data and log files encrypted on the data disks , on storage media .
When database content is already encrypted on the data disks , unauthorized users can not view the contents of the data , log or even backup of the database when they even reach the storage media or backup tapes physically .
So even unauthorized people stole the database disks , they can not view and display the data in the database files .
How SQL Server 2008 Transparent Data Encryption ( TDE ) Works ?
Here is a flow diagram how the SQL Server 2008 handles sql transparent data encyption from TechNet on secure data operation section .
How to enable SQL Transparent Data Encryption on SQL Server 2008
The process flow diagram of the transparent data encyription process is actually summarizing the steps that a database administrator should do to enable tde on any MS SQL Server 2008 database instance .
First step is to create a master key
Following the master key creation , a certificate protected by the master key should be created .
Later create database encryption key protected by the certificate created in the previous step
Last step is to enable the transparent data encyription for the database to use TDE encryption method
Let 's create a new SQL Server database and insert into sql tables some sensitive data .
You can either create a new database on a MS SQL Server 2008 database instance using the Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio object explorer window .
Or you can create the new sql database just by executing the below CREATE DATABASE t- sql command where in our sample case the TDE is the name of the sample SQL Server database .
CREATE DATABASE TDE
Now assume that we have a customers table where we keep the customer credit card number in it .
Create Table Customers
(
Customer
Id int ,
FirstName nvarchar ( 50 ) ,
LastName nvarchar ( 50 ) ,
CreditCardNumber varchar ( 50 )
)
I know CCN 's are not kept in sql databases using methods in this sql example .
But I 'm trying to illustrate transparent data encryption adds to security in means of reading data files or SQL back up files .
Let me insert credit card number of Anakin Skywalker , the greatest Jedi ever lived !
Insert Into Customers
Select 1 , N'Anakin ' , N'Skywalker ' , ' 1234567812345678 '
It is now time to take the back - up of TDE sql database .
You can take the back up of SQL Server TDE database using the SQL Server Management Studio database Tasks , Backup database tool dialog screen .
After the database sql backup task is completed , please run the Notepad application and open the database backup file with Notepad .
Since the database is small the Notepad can handle to display the contents of the sql TDE database and its table Customers .
Unfortunately , in default cases if you can not keep your database backup files secure as well as backup tapes and disks , your sensitive data can be hacked by unauthorized users at least by obtaining the backup files pyhsically in illegal ways .
If you stop the SQL Server ( MSSQLSERVER ) service , you can also open the data file ( TDE.mdf ) and the log file ( TDE.ldf ) by using a text editor like Notepad and view how easy it is to find the sensitive credit card number without knowing any SQL login name and password , etc .
Now we will see how we can keep our data more secure .
Remember the summarized list of steps in section how to enable transparent data encryption .
Go to master database and create master key if you have not already created it for some other reason .
USE master ;
GO
CREATE MASTER KEY ENCRYPTION BY PASSWORD = ' masterkeypassword ' ;
GO
CREATE CERTIFICATE TDECertificate WITH SUBJECT = ' TDECertificate ' ;
GO
The following steps include creating the database encryption key for the related sql database and altering the database to enable the transparent data encryption .
USE TDE ;
GO ;
CREATE DATABASE ENCRYPTION KEY
WITH ALGORITHM = AES_128
ENCRYPTION BY SERVER CERTIFICATE TDECertificate ;
GO ;
The SQL engine will warn the executing user or the database administrator about taking backup of the certificate and database encryption key .
Warning :
The certificate used for encrypting the database encryption key has not been backed up .
You should immediately back up the certificate and the private key associated with the certificate .
If the certificate ever becomes unavailable or if you must restore or attach the database on another server , you must have backups of both the certificate and the private key or you will not be able to open the database .
ALTER DATABASE TDE SET ENCRYPTION ON ;
GO
Now , activated or enabled sql TDE , Transparent Data Encryption will perform an online decryption of data while reading it from data pages and encryption of data during writing it on data pages .
When you take the sql TDE database backup and try to view the contents of it using Notepad for example , you will not be able to find our sample Customer data since all sql data is encrypted with transparent data encryption method on SQL Server 2008 database .
.mdf SQL data file and .ldf log files also contain encrypted data so your company 's sensitive data is in secure hands .
And neither sql developers or the SQL Server database administrators do not required to build extra applications or run additional scripts , code , etc in order to decrypt or encrypt data .
Download transparent data encryption not enabled sql TDE database backup , 84 KB
Download transparent data encryption enabled sql TDE database backup , 1.36 MB
Tweet
Related SQL Resources
Looking for a Bailout ?
Just Call Your Congressman Little - known legislative tool bestows special treatment , case by case .
Nov. 5 , 2009  --
" For the relief of " -- four words that typically form the opening of a little - known type of federal law -- could be the secret to solving your problems with the U.S. government .
That is , if a member of Congress is willing to write the bill to bail you out .
" Private laws " -- pieces of stand - alone legislation that apply only to specific individuals , families or corporations -- have granted citizenship to illegal immigrants , waived personal debts owed to the government and bestowed federal health care and retirement benefits to employees or spouses who might not otherwise have qualified .
While they 've become exceedingly rare in recent years , dozens of private laws - to - be are quietly awaiting consideration by the 111th Congress -- 37 are pending in the Senate and 62 in the House , representing a treasure trove of cases deemed special enough by their sponsors to merit their own laws .
Rep. Bob Filner , D - Calif , who 's introduced the most private bills in the House this year , hopes his nine pieces of legislation will expedite federal court cases , grant permanent residency status to immigrants , and even extend the term of a patent by two years .
The patent -- No. 5,180,715 , held by the University of California -- relates to the " irrigation of internal bladder surfaces in mammals , " protecting a unique method of curing bladder infections .
It 's unclear why the patent deserves a special law .
Most pieces of legislation , once passed by both houses of Congress and signed by the president , are listed officially in the Federal Register as " public laws , " since they apply to society at large .
Private legislation , serving interests both quirky and mundane , has long been used by members of Congress to rectify wrongs and help constituents who ostensibly have fallen through a bureaucratic " crack . "
Among the notable private laws enacted is one from 1987 , introduced by then - Rep. Dick Cheney , R - Wyo. , which ordered the government to pay a certain Lawrence K. Lunt " full compensation for losses incurred " because of his conviction and imprisonment in Cuba for spying on behalf of the United States .
Congress enacted more than 4,000 private laws during the 1950s and a little over 300 in the 1980s , but since 2000 , only 37 private laws have been passed by both houses and signed by the president .
During the last two sessions of Congress , not a single private law was enacted .
This , however , has n't stopped some members of Congress from trying to get private bills passed .
Members of Congress Pitch 100 Private Bills So Far in '09
ABC News reviewed an assortment of the private bills on the House and Senate calendars this year .
Among them is a law proposed by Rep. Tim Holden , D - Pa. , to authorize the president to award the Medal of Honor to Richard D. Winters of Hershey , Pa. , for " acts of valor " he performed while an officer in the 101st Airborne in Normandy , France , on D - Day , June 6 , 1944 .
Democrat Jay Inslee of Washington wants lawmakers to award federal retirement benefits to Valerie Plame Wilson , the former CIA officer famously " outed " by the late newspaper columnist Robert Novak in July 2003 .
Inslee , a close friend of Wilson 's husband , former Ambassador Joseph C. Wilson , first introduced the " Valerie Plame Wilson Compensation Act " in 2007 .
" She has been left without a career , " Inslee said on the House floor in January 2007 .
Despite 20 years of service as a federal employee , Valerie Plame Wilson left the CIA before reaching the minimum age to receive a retirement annuity .
Inslee 's bill would allow her to qualify for the benefit .
South Carolina Republican Joe Wilson wants the government to grant permanent resident status to Sainey H. Fatty , an illegal immigrant who faces deportation to his native Gambia .
Wilson famously yelled " You lie ! " in the House chamber during President Obama 's speech to a joint session of Congress in September , when the president said the health care reforms he proposed would not apply to illegal immigrants .
A Wilson aide tells ABC News the congressman believes Fatty 's life is at danger in Gambia and that he should be allowed to remain at his current home in Columbia , S.C. , the heart of Wilson 's district .
The majority of private bills drafted over the past 30 years have involved cases like Fatty's , in which immigrants living in the United States appeal to lawmakers to prevent their often imminent deportations .
Also among the bills in the hopper this year is one involving the family of Amadou Diallo , the unarmed 22 - year - old West African immigrant who was gunned down by four New York City police officers in 1999 .
Diallo 's mother , brother , three other non-citizen relatives are now facing a review of their immigration status .
Rep. Charles Rangel , D - N.Y. , has proposed a private bill to grant permanent U.S. residency to Diallo 's surviving family members .
" We took their son from them , " Rangel aide Emile Milne told ABC News .
While the majority of private bills relate to a single individual or a small family , one introduced by Rep. Bobby Rush , D - Ill. , would grant permanent resident status to a list of 40 immigrants .
Rush spokeswoman Sharon Jenkins would not elaborate when asked to explain the individuals ' situations .
" I really cannot offer any other details than what 's in the bill , " she said .
In the Senate , Diane Feinstein , D - Calif. , has proposed more private laws than any of her colleagues , introducing 17 of the 62 currently on the calendar .
Her colleague Carl Levin , D - Mich. , ranks second as a sponsor of eight .
Most of Feinstein 's bills involve immigration matters , and although she has publicly acknowledged that bills written " for the relief of … " seldom pass nowadays , she has said private bills highlight extraordinary cases that deserve special treatment .
Private Bills Highlight Cases for Special Treatment
An ABC News analysis of the 400 private pieces of legislation that succeeding in becoming law over the past 30 years reveals an interesting mix of issues and cases in which lawmakers have quietly bestowed special treatment .
Private laws reflect lawmakers " looking at one particular case and saying , ' Gosh , this person right in front of me is such a sympathetic person they need a break , ' " Jan Ting , a Temple University law professor and former assistant commissioner of the Immigration and Naturalization Service , told ABC News .
But Ting is among those critical of private legislation , as he says it circumvents established bureaucratic procedures , clutters the legislative process , and feeds a " bad habit " of allowing members of Congress to serve their constituents ' interests without addressing the systemic or societal causes of a problem .
Some also say private bills are rife with corruption and favoritism .
" Private bills can actually help highlight a problem that needs to be fixed in the system , " Ting said .
" On the other hand , you can't really run a country on a case by case system , in immigration , in tax or in anything else . "
House and Senate historians tell ABC News that may be why Congress has lost its appetite for private legislation in recent years .
They say the trend away from such bills reflects a change in legislative procedures and Congressional culture over the past 50 years , with the leadership focused more on broader societal reforms than on individual relief .
Congress has always had the power to pass laws for private relief .
Five of the 108 laws enacted by the First Congress were private laws .
By the late 1800s , Congress actually passed more private laws that public ones .
For example , between 1885 and 1887 , 1,031 private laws were added to the books compared with 434 public laws .
Most of those laws awarded pensions to widows of Civil War soldiers and resolved claims against the government , according to the House Historian 's Office .
" Congress was so inundated with private pension and claims bills that individual groups -- the start of professional lobbyists -- would be engaged to help with the process , " House Historian Anthony Wallis told ABC News .
Today , " Congress has expanded administrative discretion with many of the situations that tended to give rise to private bills , " said Wallis .
" Private provisions also are occasionally included into public legislation , reducing the need for private laws . "
Those " provisions " are widely referred to as earmarks .
Notable Private Laws from Past Thirty Years
The most recent private bill to become law -- the Betty Dick Residence Protection Act of 2006 , introduced by then - Sen .
Ken Salazar , D - Colo. , and signed by President George W. Bush -- allowed elderly Colorado resident Betty Dick to keep her summer cabin on government property inside the boundaries of Rocky Mountain National Park .
The Park Service had threatened to seize the property after an agreement Dick 's late husband made with the government had expired .
Other notable pieces of private legislation over in the past few decades have resolved claims against the government for unpaid bills or alleged injury at the hands of federal agents .
A slew of laws even absolved overpaid federal employees from returning the money .
Private Law 98 -12 --
" A bill for the relief of sixteen employees of the Charleston Naval Shipyard " -- sponsored by late South Carolina Sen .
Strom Thurmond , permitted the workers to keep the extra cash they were paid due to an administrative error in 1983 .
Several private laws have settled human resources matters for federal employees , allowing workers to recoup travel expenses or transfer accumulated sick leave to a coworker .
The late Texas Democratic Rep. J.J. Pickle drafted private legislation in 1986 to allow IRS employee Susan A. Sampeck to transfer her accumulated sick and vacation days to another employee to use .
The bill " for relief of Susan Sampeck " became law in 1987 .
A Congressional Research Service report on private laws , written in 1998 , says private legislation is " appropriate in cases for which no other remedy is available and when its enactment would , in a broad sense , afford equity . "
But determining just which cases meet that criteria has proven a time - consuming and potentially thorny subject in recent Congresses , Ting told ABC News .
" Congressional leadership does n't like these private bills , " he said , " They take a lot of time and if people start getting the idea that private bills actually lead to legislation , you 're going to be drowning in legislation . "
ABC News ' Steven Portnoy contributed to this report .
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - The Vatican said on Monday its plan to allow married Anglican priests to convert to Catholicism does not signal any change to its age - old rule of celibacy for the overwhelming majority of Catholic priests .
Pope Benedict XVI walks near a statue of Pope Paul VI to enter a museum in Concesio , near Brescia November 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Osservatore Romano
The Vatican stressed its position in a preface to Pope Benedict ’s Apostolic Constitution “ Anglicanorum Coetibus ” ( Groups of Anglicans ) regulating the admission of Anglican converts to Catholicism , including married priests and bishops .
“ The possibility envisioned by the Apostolic Constitution for some married clergy within the Personal Ordinariates ( the structure for ex-Anglicans ) does not signify any change in the Church ’s discipline of clerical celibacy , ” it said .
The Vatican announced last month an initiative to make it easier for conservative Anglicans who feel their church has become too liberal to convert to Catholicism .
This stirred widespread speculation on what it could eventually mean for the celibacy rule in the Roman Catholic church .
There was also speculation about whether men who had left the Catholic priesthood to marry and later became Anglicans could return to the Catholic priesthood and remain married .
The constitution ruled out this possibility and also said unmarried Anglican priests who convert must remain celibate after their conversion and ordination as Catholic priests .
When the initiative was announced on October 20 , some Catholic dissidents described it as important ammunition for supporters of a married priesthood .
The constitution says that “ as a rule ” only celibate men will be admitted to the Roman Catholic priesthood but that the admission of married Anglican priests will be decided on a case by case basis after a petition made to the pope .
Former Anglican bishops , including married ones , will be eligible to lead groups of former Anglicans in the Catholic Church .
The former Anglican bishops will also have to be ordained as Catholic priests .
ANGLICAN DISCONTENT
The Vatican plan comes after years of discontent in some parts of the 77 - million - strong worldwide Anglican community over the ordination of women priests and homosexual bishops .
The papal constitution marks perhaps the clearest and boldest step by the Vatican to welcome disaffected Anglicans since King Henry VIII broke with Rome and set himself up as head of the new Church of England in 1534 .
The 9 - page constitution says the move was necessary to respond to individuals and groups of Anglicans who had “ repeatedly and insistently ” petitioned the Vatican to be received into the Catholic Church .
In London , Anglican Bishop Broadhurst , chairman of the traditionalist group Forward in Faith , whose members are considering taking up Rome ’s offer , welcomed the overture .
“ What is interesting is how far they appear to be willing to go to find a home for Anglicans who are cheesed off with the situation .
It will effectively be a Church within a Church , accepting Roman authority , but actually effectively self - governing , which I think is fascinating , ” Broadhurst said .
“ The real question is whether this can be made to work .
I think it can be , ” he said .
GOES 7 ( 1987 ) : Another member of the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite family , GOES 7 was launched in 1987 and served its purpose as a meteorological observer for a dozen years .
Having expended the fuel needed to maintain its orbit over the equator and beginning to drift to higher latitudes , the satellite was transitioned by NOAA to PEACESAT , a nonprofit that provides communication and educational services to the Pacific Islands ...
NOAA
The Emdrive is an electromagnetic drive that would generate thrust from a closed system – " impossible " say some experts .
To critics , it 's flat - out junk science , not even worth thinking about .
But its inventor , Roger Shawyer , has doggedly continued his work .
As Danger Room reported last year , Chinese scientists claimed to validate his math and were building their own version .
Shawyer gave a presentation earlier this week on the Emdrive 's progress at the CEAS 2009 European Air & Space Conference .
It answered few questions , but hinted at how the Emdrive might transform spaceflight – and warfare .
If the technology works , that is .
The heart of the Emdrive is a resonant , tapered cavity filled with microwaves .
According to Shawyer , a relativistic effect generates a net thrust , an effect confirmed by various Emdrives he has built as demonstrations .
Critics say that any thrust from the drive must come from another source .
Shawyer is adamant that the measured thrust is not caused by other factors .
While the argument over the drive 's impossibility continues , so does the engineering work .
The problem is that nobody wants to talk about it .
Even Shawyer gives little away .
Last year , professor Yang Juan of the College of Astronautics at Northwestern Polytechnical University ( NPU ) in Xi'an was happy to confirm that they were building an Emdrive which would be tested by the end of the year .
But following the publication of this news in Danger Room , the situation changed .
I was informed that the publicity was very unwelcome , especially any suggestion that there might be a military application .
( Yang had previous published a study on the use of plasma as a weapon against low - orbiting satellites . [ .pdf ] )
No further information has been forthcoming , and no Chinese papers have been published on the Emdrive , though Yang has recently published work on ( unrelated ) microwave plasma thrusters ( .pdf ) .
Shawyer asserts that work is also being carried out in France , Russia and in the United States by a major aerospace company .
But he cannot provide details beyond vague promises of " significant progress [ that ] has been made in both theoretical and experimental work , within these groups . "
He also asserts that the British National Space Centre is said to be reviewing the Emdrive .
Again , no details .
The CEAS 2009 paper outlines recent progress and plans .
Previous thrusters generated relatively modest forces ; the latest version now being built is based on a cooled superconductor and should generate more than 300 pounds of thrust for a 6 - kilowatt input , Shawyer promises .
( But does not yet appear to have done so . )
The plan is to mount four of these thrusters on an unmanned demonstration vehicle that will weigh about 1,000 pounds .
The craft will have no wings :
It will be supported by the Emdrives and propelled by jet engines to about 230 knots .
It will be capable of vertical takeoff and hovering silently in place .
If successful , it will be adapted as a personal transport -– your very own flying car .
In the longer run , perhaps 10 years , Shawyer envisages a hybrid spaceplane using Emdrive technology – see the photo above of a 2 - meter scale model .
The idea is a craft capable of making the 10,000 - mile run from London to Sydney , Australia in under three hours … or taking a 40 - ton payload on the moon in about four days .
Aeronautical engineers have been dreaming of such a craft for decades ; none have ever panned out .
The theoretical advantage of the Emdrive spaceplane compared to rockets is that it allows a slow ascent with low acceleration rate .
There is also no telltale rocket exhaust plume , and this may be the source of some of the interest .
At present , the launch of a ballistic missile anywhere on Earth can be immediately spotted from space .
An Emdrive - based launch system would be undetectable and could arrive from any direction , leaving the target of an attack no way of knowing who to retaliate against .
This is the kind of factor that might drive governments to put money into Emdrive projects .
An investment in contested science is not a probable winner – but the payoff could be a big one .
Photo : Roger Shawyer / SPR
Ltd
ALSO :
AMERICAN MOTORCYCLE giant Harley - Davidson Chief Executive Keith Wandell has spoken out over the company 's decision to halt prodction of Buell motorcycles and put MV Agusta up for sale .
Wandell stated Harley need to focus on themselves as the company were " diverting investment dollars away from the Harley brand to support those brands . "
The company , owners of now defunct Buell Motorcycles , yesterday reported an 84 % drop in third - quarter profit .
Harley 's financial arm recorded a $ 31.5 million third - quarter operating loss , compared to a $ 35.6 million profit a year ago .
" We think we 'll bump along the bottom through 2010 , " said chief executive Keith Wandell .
" We 're not going to try to be all things to all people . "
In light of spiralling financial loss , reported by Visordown over the last few months , the Milwaukee - based motorcycle manufacturer has halted production of Buell motorcycles and is putting its Italy - based MV Agusta division up for sale .
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best - selling author whose new book is " Late Edition : A Love Story . "
Bob Greene says the Postal Service is looking to save money now that use of the mail is down sharply .
( CNN ) --
On this sultry weekend in the middle of August , take a look at what 's on your kitchen counter .
Or maybe you 've left it on top of the wooden table in your front hallway .
Or tossed it onto the chair next to the couch in your living room .
Chances are it may still be there :
The Saturday mail -- the bills , magazines , promotional fliers , and maybe a few actual letters that showed up in your mailbox as always this weekend , and that you have n't quite gotten around to dealing with yet .
Look at it closely , because soon enough , it may be gone .
Not this weekend 's envelopes and magazines specifically .
But the Saturday mail itself .
It has been a counted - on part of American life , something as certain as the sun coming up in the morning , and it seems to be on its way to extinction .
If you 're not aware of this , you 're really not to blame .
Other high - decibel and seemingly more urgent stories have dominated the news this summer .
Yet this jarring potential change in the nation 's social fabric -- the possibility that you will no longer have your mail delivered to you on Saturdays -- is more than hazy theorizing .
The postmaster general of the United States , John E. Potter , has gone to Congress and officially asked for permission to do away with Saturday mail .
His reasoning is hard to argue with .
In the e-mail age , usage of the U.S. Postal Service is plummeting .
Just about everyone claims to love the look and feel of a handwritten letter , the giddy anticipation of seeing the mail carrier strolling up the sidewalk and wondering what he has inside his bag for you , the orderly , set - your - watch - by - it routine of mail delivery to your home every day of the week except Sunday .
We all say we love it , but we do n't use it , at least not enough to offset the prodigious costs .
The Postal Service says it will lose approximately $ 7 billion this fiscal year .
Americans have mailed 20 billion fewer items this year than they did last year .
Over the past 20 years , some 200,000 mail - collection boxes have been removed from U.S. streets because not enough people were dropping their letters into them .
The Government Accountability Office has officially declared the Postal Service to be a high - risk agency .
What to do about this ?
One thing , according to Postmaster General Potter , is to stop delivering mail on Saturdays .
He has told Congress that this will save more than $ 3 billion every year .
If and when it happens -- and it's beginning to seem inevitable -- the texture of the nation 's life will be altered , probably forever .
Saturdays without mail will feel like ... well , who knows ?
Maybe they 'll feel like Sundays .
We may fool ourselves into thinking that it 's e-mail alone that has addicted us to the expectation of hearing from each other all the time .
But it 's not the obsession that 's new ; it 's just the means of delivery .
When the post office was the quickest way to get the latest word from friends and from businesses , Americans seemed just as eager and impatient about it as they are now .
According to the Postal Service , at the beginning of the 20th century , letter carriers in U.S. cities made multiple delivery runs each day .
In New York , there were nine deliveries a day ; in Baltimore , Maryland , there were seven ; in Kansas City , Missouri , there were six .
People were n't checking their computer screens compulsively , but they were checking their mailboxes .
From the very beginning , the government 's mandate to the post office was to deliver the mail " as frequently as the public convenience ... shall require . "
The key word was " convenience , " and the public found it convenient to have letters delivered all the time .
It was n't until 1950 that , " in the interest of economy , " residential delivery around the country was permanently reduced to once daily .
But Saturday delivery has remained sacrosanct .
Once -- in 1957 -- there was an attempt to do away with it .
The postmaster general at the time , a fellow by the name of Arthur E. Summerfield , decided , in the name of budgetary prudence , to end Saturday mail deliveries nationwide .
It lasted for exactly one Saturday .
On April 13 , 1957 , the mail did not come to America 's homes .
There was such public anger and outrage over this that President Dwight D. Eisenhower promptly signed a bill to provide more funding to the post office , and by the next Saturday , the country 's mailboxes were being filled again .
Would the elimination of Saturday delivery be met with the same public outcry now ?
Would President Obama , like President Eisenhower half a century ago , be forced to bring back the Saturday mail ?
We wo n't know until and unless it occurs .
Logic and ledger sheets would seem to tell us that , in our new digital age , hand - delivery of the mail on Saturdays is not absolutely necessary .
But the romance of the mail has never been about logic .
The little daily thrill of seeing the mail carrier approaching is not because we know for a fact that he , or she , has something good for us in that bag .
These days , he probably does n't .
But he just may .
That has always been the lure , every day but Sunday : He just may .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene
All About U.S. Postal Service • Technology • Culture and Lifestyle
L'ancien judoka a réussi son pari .
Après être arrivé en tête au premier tour , David Douillet a battu , dimanche 18 octobre , le maire socialiste de Poissy , Frédérik Bernard , par 52,10 % des voix contre 47,90 % , selon les résultats officiels .
Les reports des voix des écologistes du premier tour ( 14,8 % ) et du Parti de gauche ( 4,9 % ) sur le candidat socialiste semblent avoir été bons , mais cela n'a pas suffit au PS , qui espérait enlever cette 12e circonscription des Yvelines , historiquement à droite .
Au premier tour , le candidat UMP était arrivé largement en tête avec 44,2 % des voix , mais disposait de peu de réserves .
Le taux de participation , de 30 % au premier tour , a atteint 33,70 % .
" UNE CAMPAGNE , ÇA SE GAGNE AVEC LES GENS "
" Les électeurs ont compris qu'ils avaient affaire à quelqu 'un qui veut s'investir à 100 % et qui va être en permanence sur le terrain " , a commenté le nouvel élu sur i-Télé .
" Le travail paye , c'est la conclusion de cette campagne " , a - t - il ajouté .
" Une campagne , ça se gagne avec les gens . "
La mine grave , Frédérik Bernard a dénoncé une nouvelle fois le " parachutage " de David Douillet dans les Yvelines .
" On peut faire des coups , on peut gagner mais ce n'est pas comme cela qu'on fait de la politique " , a - t - il indiqué à ce sujet .
M. Bernard s'en est également pris au MoDem , coupable à ses yeux de ne pas s'être officiellement prononcé en sa faveur au second tour .
Pendant la camapgne , David Douillet a déclaré vouloir " tourner la page " , après une affaire de corruption à l'origine de cette élection .
Le député sortant UMP Jacques Masdeu - Arus a été condamné à dix ans d'inéligibilité dans une affaire de pots - de-vin .
Gauche et droite attendaient aussi de voir les effets des polémiques qui ont secoué la majorité , de Frédéric Mitterrand à Jean Sarkozy en passant par les débats sur la taxe carbone .
Mais leur influence semble avoir été assez faible sur le scrutin .
Si la participation est légèrement en hausse ( environ 34 % contre 30 % ) , le rapport de force gauche - droite a été faiblement modifié .
Dans un entretien au Monde.fr , David Douillet estimait , vendredi , que " les polémiques parisiennes n'ont pas eu d'impact sur la campagne " et que le débat sur l'élection de Jean Sarkozy à la tête de l'EPAD " ne l'intéressait pas " .
Le Monde avec AFP et Reuters
For my last post before Luke returns from vacation I thought
Former Rep. William J. Jefferson , a Louisiana Democrat , is off to prison .
In August , a jury told him that bribery , racketeering and money laundering were not acceptable behaviors for anyone , let alone a member of Congress .
As a felon , Jefferson has had equally despicable company : Rep. Andrew J. Hinshaw , R - Calif. ( accepting a bribe ) ; Rep. Charles Diggs Jr. , D - Mich . ( payroll kickback scheme ) ; Rep. Michael Myers , D - Pa. ( accepting bribes from FBI agents impersonating Arab businessmen ) ; Reps . John Murphy , D - N.Y. , Frank Thompson , D - N.J. , John Jenrette , D - S.C. , and Raymond Lederer , D - Pa .
( Arab businessmen bribery scandal , a.k.a. Abscam ) .
And Rep. Mario Biaggi , D - N.Y. ( extorting money from a defense contractor ) ; Rep. Mel Reynolds , D - Ill .
( sex with underage campaign worker , bank fraud ) ; Rep. Walter Tucker III , D - Calif .
( accepting and demanding bribes ) ; Rep. Dan Rostenkowski , D - Ill . ( felony mail fraud ) ; Rep. James A. Trafficant , D - Ohio ( bribery , conspiracy and racketeering ) ; Rep. Randy “ Duke ” Cunningham ( accepting bribes from defense contractors ) and Robert W. Ney , R - Ohio ( Abramoff scandal ) .
I ’m sure readers can name more .
The collective misfortune of these men is that they got caught .
Each undoubtedly said to himself , “ I am invincible .
I am a member of Congress . ”
They all assumed membership in the biggest - of - all - members - only clubs provided a get - out - of - jail - free card .
But the real reason they believed they could get away with accepting bribes and committing extortion is that members of Congress have been doing it legally for years .
Jefferson may serve 13 years .
Prosecutors say he probably earned less than $ 400,000 despite seeking millions in illegal bribes from “ oil , sugar , communications and other businesses , often for projects in Africa , ” said The New York Times .
But he ’s raked in about $ 6.45 million in campaign contributions since 1990 , half from political action committees , according to the Center for Responsive Politics database .
More than $ 600,000 came from lawyers and law firms .
( Wonder if the sharks will return his calls now . )
Prosecutors focused on the $ 90,000 federal agents found in Jefferson ’s freezer .
The public should have been more focused on Jefferson ’s legal sources of campaign bucks , in the same way it should have paid less attention to the penis of that other two - faced Louisiana legislative poseur , Sen. David Vitter , and more attention to the sources of his campaign funding .
We the voters , the people who have watched health - care costs starkly climb ever higher , who see taxes rising exhorbitantly at all levels , who witness the quality of education for our children wither , who watch jobs vanish overseas and unemployment rise , and who are frightened that decades - old safety nets are tattered beyond repair , have become so inured to the corrosive role of money in politics that we forget that politicians are continously but legally bribed by monied interests .
And it should stop .
Ask Glenn Greenwald of salon.com .
In a video for Larry Lessig ’s change - congress.com , he explains how Sens. Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , and Evan Bayh , D - Ind. , are threatening to filibuster any health - reform plan with a public option .
Lieberman , says Greenswald , is “ drowning in campaign contributions ” from the health - care industry — more than $ 2.5 million — and his wife landed a cushy job in 2005 with PR flacksters Hill & Knowlton , representing pharma giant Glaxo .
Several months later , Lieberman sought to steer incentives to Glaxo to develop vaccines .
“ This is the kind of legalized corruption , legalized bribery , that runs the United States Senate , ” says Greenwald .
“ Only in this case it is particularly sleazy and transparent because Lieberman is ready to gut the major initiative of the Democratic Party . ”
Bayh ’s wife , says Greenwald , “ sits on the board of directors of WellPoint , one of the largest health - insurance companies in the nation .
[ The Bayhs ] own , by their own disclosures , between $ 500,000 and a million dollars in WellPoint stock .
…
When Sen. Lieberman threatened to filibuster the public option … the value of the stock of the health - care industry skyrocketed … and personally benefited the finances of the Bayh family . ”
Bayh ’s wife was paid more than $ 2 million between 2005 and 2008 .
Bayh , in 2008 , received $ 500,000 in campaign contributions from the health - care industry , says Greenwald .
“ It ’s really clear corruption , ” says Greenwald .
Politicians defend their financial associations with large corporations ( and unions ) and wealthy individuals .
They call it “ campaign financing . ”
Sadly , we ’re too accustomed to this shameless dance now , are n’t we ?
A member of Congress , or someone who aspires to be one , gets on the phone and calls people who have lots of money .
Often those people run very large enterprises , such as corporations ( or unions ) .
Those corporations , driven by the dictum “ maximize shareholder income ” ( or , increasingly , “ maximize CEO compensation ” ) , would like members of Congress to make those tasks easier .
Politicians say such donations only provide access to their ears , not their actions .
The big corporate and PAC donors — or their hired lobbyists — say they ’re only legitimately promoting the causes of their companies and clients .
Bullshit .
It has been known for decades that lobbyists are often in the room , helping congressional staff write — or writing themselves — legislation .
Earlier in this decade , tax - law experts from General Electric shaped an export tax reform bill that saved GE hundreds of millions of dollars .
Lobbyists ’ dictation of politicians ’ words and deeds has become even more blatant .
New York Times reporter Robert Pear wrote Nov. 14 that lobbyists wrote and sought to have supportive statements about health - care reform placed by members into the Congressional Record prior to the Nov. 5 vote :
In the official record of the historic House debate on overhauling health care , the speeches of many lawmakers echo with similarities .
Often , that was no accident .
Statements by more than a dozen lawmakers were ghostwritten , in whole or in part , by Washington lobbyists working for Genentech , one of the world ’s largest biotechnology companies .
…
Genentech , a subsidiary of the Swiss drug giant Roche , estimates that 42 House members picked up some of its talking points — 22 Republicans and 20 Democrats , an unusual bipartisan coup for lobbyists .
[ emphasis added ]
A lobbyist created the messages and supporting documents and e-mailed them to members .
Lobbyists denied any malevolent intent .
Said one , quoted anonymously by Pear : “ This happens all the time .
There was nothing nefarious about it . ”
In the past five years , Genentech has spent nearly $ 10 million on lobbying expenses .
In the past decade , Genentech has contributed more than $ 1 million to federal candidates .
Pear reports Genentech ’s PAC has made contributions to some of the members who used its talking points and that company officials had hosted fundraisers for some .
And , of course , there ’s no quid pro quo , right ?
Wrote Pear : “ Evan L. Morris , head of Genentech ’s Washington office , said , ‘ There was no connection between the contributions and the statements . ' ” [ emphasis added ]
Bullshit again .
It is , as Greenwald says , legalized corruption .
Imagine if I , as an individual voter living in a rural district , had asked my congressman to insert under his name words I wrote about health - care reform into the Congressional Record .
He would say no .
( Or rather , the staff member I ’d get shunted off to would say no . )
But when Genentech said jump , 42 members of Congress asked , “ How high ? ”
Do n’t kid us .
It ’s legalized corruption .
Remarks members of Congress revise and extend into the Congressional Record , we now see , have been actually written by lobbyists .
So what do the clowns we elect to office do for the $ 174,000 we pay them ( and with very nice health - care bennies , too ) ?
A handful of Republican senators , led by Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C , think they have an answer — a constitutional amendment to limit how long a person may serve in Congress .
Apparently , senators would get 12 years , while representatives would get only six years .
( Imagine that bill ’s conference committee , eh ? )
On his Senate website , DeMint writes :
As long as members have the chance to spend their lives in Washington , their interests will always skew toward spending taxpayer dollars to buy off special interests , covering over corruption in the bureaucracy , fundraising , relationship building among lobbyists , and trading favors for pork , in short , amassing their own power .
Do n’t be misled .
After all , what ’s to prevent the current system of lobbyists , legalized corruption , and greed from buying new sets of politicians every six or 12 years ?
Being new , they ’ll come cheap , too .
Members of Congress need mountains of money to obtain and retain political power .
They spend hours each day dialing donors and asking for , or demanding , campaign contributions .
That ’s the extortion part of the equation .
Donors demand at least an ear and now , we see , actual words printed in the Congressional Record .
That ’s the corruption part .
All that separates many uncharged and unjailed members of Congress from Jefferson and his imprisoned pals is an FBI wiretap .
Changing the politicians through term limits has little merit .
Instead , get rid of the current system of campaign finance .
If members of Congress were willing to bail out banks with hundreds of billions of dollars , demand that they allow the public to outbid special interests .
Lobby members of Congress ( yep , I said lobby ) to drastically and dramatically overhaul public election financing .
Demand that members of Congress place in the federal budget each year sufficient billions of dollars to pay for every federal and statewide election in the country .
Give incumbents and challengers alike plenty of public money .
But cut them off at the financial knees if they accept a single dime of corporate , union , or PAC money .
If our politicians continue to insist on being bought , let the public do the buying .
WASHINGTON , Sept 24 ( Reuters ) -
An Illinois man has been arrested for attempting to detonate a vehicle bomb outside a federal building in the state capital , the Justice Department said on Thursday , a case unrelated to the New York terrorism plot .
Michael Finton , also known as Talib Islam , was arrested in Springfield , Illinois , and charged with attempted murder of federal officers or employees and trying to use a weapon of mass destruction , charges that carry a life sentence .
“ Fortunately , a coordinated undercover law enforcement effort was able to thwart his efforts and ensure no one was harmed , ” Assistant Attorney General for National Security David Kris said in a statement .
The criminal complaint said Finton converted to Islam while in prison on other charges .
It said he idolized an American who allied with the Taliban , John Walker Lindh , drawing the attention of law enforcement authorities .
After returning from a trip to Saudi Arabia in 2008 , Finton met and told an individual , who turned out to be a law enforcement source , that he wanted to fight against Israelis in the Gaza Strip , according to the complaint .
In early 2009 , “ it appeared that Finton was on the verge of taking action , so it was decided to proactively provide him with an opportunity for action that we controlled , rather than merely hoping to be able to find out and stop him , ” according to a government affidavit .
He was eventually introduced to an undercover FBI agent who began working with him to plot an attack , but Finton was repeatedly told he could walk away at any time , according to the Justice Department .
Eventually , Finton picked the federal building in Springfield as the target and on Wednesday he parked a van he believed carried one ton of explosives at the location , the complaint said .
Finton walked away and tried to detonate the bomb with a cell phone call , but instead of setting it off , he was arrested .
The Justice Department said the case was unrelated to another suspected terrorism plot in New York where an Afghan - born man was charged with conspiring to launch a bombing attack in the United States using chemicals that form triacetone triperoxide .
( Reporting by Jeremy Pelofsky , editing by Jackie Frank )
It is not often you will find the last name ‘ Gracie ’ in the losing column when searching an opposing fighter ’s win-loss record and it is even more rare to discover a mixed martial artist has beaten two Gracies back to back .
Rich Patisnock , now 6 - 1 , did just that this past weekend at World Series of Fighting 5 at the Revel Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City , N.J when he earned a unanimous decision victory over Gregor Gracie .
Built as somewhat of a revenge or grudge match for the Gracie Family , Patishnock was paired against Gregor , half - brother to Igor Gracie whom Patisnock had defeated in March .
In his post - fight interview Patishnock stated that he felt he deviated a bit from his gameplan yet he was satisfied with the victory .
“ That was my strategy .
I really did n’t think I did that well with my strategy , but that was my strategy , and I ’m glad everybody thought I did it , ” Patishnock said .
“ I was n’t surprised at all .
I thought that ’s what he would come out and do , as opposed to his brother .
I thought Gregor was more of a striker to go for his takedowns .
I was actually surprised he tried to take me down without trading first . ”
USCS was interested to see what exactly the New Jersey native now fighting out of Pennsylvania had up his sleeve and what exactly the game plan was so we contacted Patishnock ’s head coach at Chamber MMA in East Stroudsburg , Pa. , Don Cioffi , who shared the game plan his team constructed for their 170 - pound fighter who scored consecutive wins over the most notable family name in mixed martial arts .
USCS – What was the plan for Rich ’s fight against Gregor and how well did he execute it ?
Cioffi – “ The game plan for the Gregor fight was to keep the fight standing by circling away from his power hand and control the tempo of fight .
If Gregor got the fight to the ground Rich was to work on getting back up to standing .
At no time was he to get involved in grappling match .
We wanted Rich to control the tempo with his movement , striking and angles to frustrate Gregor and force him to get winded chasing Rich .
Rich was very successful in sticking to the game plan and this enabled him to keep the fight standing where it was in Rich ’s favor .
I also think it ’s important for new fighters to get quality headgear that can protect them . ”
USCS – How did this gameplan differ from when Rich fought Igor ?
Cioffi – “ This game plan was similar to the one we had designed for Igor but Rich did not use his standup to keep the fight standing and let Igor get to close to him . ”
USCS – Who helped with the gameplan ?
Which coaches ?
Cioffi – “ The coaches in Rich ’s camp were myself , Don Cioffi ( striking , boxing ) Sean Diggs ( Muay Thai , striking ) , Andy Main ( Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ) , Jeremy Hubbard ( strength and conditioning ) .
The only change from the camp for Igor was Andy Main our BJJ coach .
I knew Andy had trained with the Gracies for years and approached him about coming on board for the Gregor fight .
I told Andy that I wanted to work on Rich getting back up if Gregor was able to get it to the ground .
Andy did an amazing job of preparing Rich for Gregor and this showed when Gregor took him down and Rich got it back standing quickly .
Andy is now training under Marcello Garcia considered to be one of the top BJJ players in the world .
Also we had great sparring partners for Rich in camp they pushed Rich to the edge and got him ready , sparring partners were Chamber teammates Donny Cioffi , Eric Roncoroni , Demetrius Lindsey . ”
USCS – Did Rich stick to the plan or did he have to deviate from it at all ?
Cioffi – “ This fight Rich stuck to game plan and was successful in controlling the tempo and setting up his striking with his movement and angles off strikes .
There were a few times when Rich had to be reminded to stay on plan but on a whole he carried it out the way we trained for it in camp .
The biggest thing is that he trained hard with the right gear to do the job . ”
USCS – What ’s next for him ?
Cioffi – “ We are now bringing Rich down to the 155lb weight class and awaiting word from WSOF on possible next opponent .
I am very proud of the game plan we had in place from the coaches to the training partners , this was a huge team effort to guarantee Rich was ready for Gregor . ”
Split Second is a game I had been keen to try out since it ’s first announcement and it wound up being the first game I got hands on with at last weeks Eurogamer Expo .
Black Rock Studios , the developers behind it have a pedigree in racing games .
Formally Climax Racing studios , having changed name after their acquisition by Disney , they followed up two current - gen iterations of the MotoGP franchise with last years Pure .
Well received critically , Pure saw the team go back to their off - road roots combining quad biking with a decent trick system .
Despite being a very solid and fun game , it somehow seemed to slip quietly under the radar .
Their second Disney effort , Split Second is anything but quiet , it ’s about spectacle .
The core premise of Split Second is a competitive reality game show set in made for TV city .
Bored of formulaic track racing , the producers idea to spice up the action is to allow the drivers to trigger Michael Bay style “ explosive events ” called powerplays .
Similar to Burnout , the player acquires these by driving stylishly ( i.e. drifting , slip - streaming & air ) and thus building up a power bar , which then allows them to trigger some Hollywood style explosions , at a moment of their choosing in an attempt to interfere with the other cars .
These can range from blowing up petrol tanks and helicopters dropping bombs on the track all the way up to collapsing buildings onto the road , altering it permanently .
“ We ’re all fans of street racing here , but as a genre it is relatively stale – the evolution is only coming from how you customise cars , which can only serve to remove you from the action – I think Split / Second will do the opposite . ”
Nick Baynes , Black Rock Studios
In one way , the set up is analogous to the studio ’s misgivings about the racing genre these days .
Sensibly however , they ’ve not thrown out the stuff that worked .
Black Rock have taken elements from games such as Burnout & Mario Kart but after applying their particular twist to it , focused on making it look and play fantastically .
Like Pure , the game is simple to pick up and play but offers plenty of subtle nuances once you get into it .
Cars feel satisfying to steer sideways round the track without feeling too arcadey and in the one track demo available on the show floor , the AI did n’t come across as cheap .
On record as detractors of rubber - banding , the powerplay elements balance well .
The power bar has three segments meaning the player can either keep or use up to two “ normal ” powerplays or save it up to unleash a “ super powerplay ” on a much larger scale of destruction .
The playing field is completely level .
All drivers have the same opportunities to acquire powerplays , no overpowered items going to those bringing up the rear .
That ’s not to say a well timed play by a car at the back ca n’t win them the race .
The large power plays can bring entire buildings down onto the track or open up entire new sections yielding a shortcut that can either be temporary or permanent .
In one playthrough of the demo , triggering a super powerplay in the final stages of the race brought a control tower crashing down onto the track opening up a short cut route through some hangers on to the final straight .
Whether the huge plane crashing on to the runway in front of me as I hared towards the finish line was another power play by the cars I ’d just overtaken or not was hard to say but with all of them , if your reactions are quick enough you can get out of the way .
I managed it , just , scraping over the line amongst the smoke and fire .
Very Hollywood .
Indeed , Hollywood is a big inspiration of the game .
The developers use similar deferred rendering techniques as found in Killzone 2 to good effect , giving the game a very filmic saturated look .
There is generous amounts of motion blur to go with it but it ’s not overdone and the overall result is very effective , especially considering the amount of destruction and explosions going on .
My only disappointment was that I could n’t check out the audio which is a shame as the Hollywood blockbuster influence is said to apply to the soundtrack also .
One very nice touch was the HUD , dynamically attached to the back of your car .
It can look a little odd in some screenshots but works nicely when the game is in motion meaning your eyes are never taken away from the action in the centre of the screen .
Early indications are positive then .
Each one of my four playthroughs was different from the last and the guy next to me deferred his filming for that “ just one more go ” .
A release date is n’t yet known though it is set to release in an increasingly crowed first quarter of next year .
We ’ll hope that does n’t put it on a collision course with a certain Gran Turismo 5 as it would do Split Second a disservice .
The game demoed excellently on the show floor so a chance to preview the game prior to it ’s release should be a no - brainer .
A new challenger to World of Warcraft has landed , and we have defeated legions of monsters to find out how Aion actually is performing .
Read our opinion right here .
I being starred upon of two huge creatures and before I know it , they have engaged in combat .
Shared blows battle between the three combatants are being thrown , but there is no way I can win .
My vision reveals a single way out , a steep cliff in front of the marvelous sunset .
I jump off the cliff while the monsters stay behind looking at me .
My bitter enemies are left on the mainland , while I unfold my wings and enjoy the brief moment of peace .
It is basically the same procedure each time a new MMO is launched , the comparisons are the same with the all - embracing World of Warcraft , and maybe the new challenger can topple one of the most profitable game in history from the throne ?
What is really best ?
How AION s future looks , only time will tell , but I have enjoyed to the fullest .
Aion hosts two playable factions , Elyos and Asmodians who once were a complete people .
After their world was split in two , however , quickly arose disputes and now they are on opposite sides in an epic struggle for survival .
The fight will be extra spiceb by a third faction , the abominable Balaur who has been corrupted and have now rejected their only task to protect the world and its inhabitants .
Your task is obviously to help your chosen faction to bring victory and absolutism in the house .
That there is only one race per side , could possibly cause terror in many minds , because it is easy to imagine a world full of identical warriors .
But thanks to a solid and varied character design menu , it is possible to play a long time before you meet your own twin , if ever !
After a dramatic intro sequence I wake up to a true role - playing cliche , the familiar amnesia .
With no recollection of who I am , I am left to my temporary identity as a mercenary who is sleeping on the job .
It is recognizable state of the genre , but also works as a catalyst for future motivation .
However , it is a little strange to imagine that the same fate has undergone several hundred thousand warriors , and it takes the epic mood and distorts it just to be an acceptable excuse to start from scratch .
The player 's journey from meager mercenary for indomitable warrior in the heat of battle is exciting , with few flaws .
Some of the tasks are poorly put together and their story , although a small part of the larger world , is badly told , by the corresponding characters .
But everything thats not working for some of the plain quests , will very quickly be over and gives the player a good reason to get to work with the challenging and well - structured campaign missions .
The inevitable battle between Elyos and Asmodians obviously remains stagnant without players who want to seize their weapons for what they believe is the fair side .
This opens up the first player - versus - player when you 've proven yourself worthy , or more specifically when you have reached 25th level
There is considerable focus on this aspect and how the battle goes , has effects that extend over the rest of the game experience .
A game as large in scale as this , of course needs good frames , which even the most cynical person must admit that Aion has .
There is a great degree of detail in even the most obscure areas and it is one of the finest games I 've played to date .
When you see a new area for the first time it 's hard not to gape at the hypnotic beauty of the landscape .
For example , the sight of Canta - coast for the first time , without a doubt one of the few times I gave myself time to enjoy the surroundings in a game like this where the race against the highest rank otherwise what would normally be desired .
Despite the rich detail and impressive surroundings
Aion runs like a dream , and rarely have I seen such an optimised gameengine .
The tale is accompanied by a fine soundtrack , which never leaves itself as particularly memorable .
There are no bombastic tones and eventually you become so accustomed to this melodic companion that you only discover it in the few quiet moments in the game .
With all the time needed to become the fearsome warrior whose destiny is to save the nation , it is important to have the right equipment , and what better way to ensure the best equipment than to do it myself ?
Crafting is about the same way as in other MMO games , there must be assembled components and they must tap into a finished product that makes other clothes look like some tea - towels .
It seems all very familiar , but to better themselves in Aion is a less burdensome than in many other games , since you can receive work orders .
These make it possible to become a master blacksmith or fænomonal seamstress at a fraction of the time and for a fraction of the price you as often have to pay in this kind of a game .
Aion is the most polished and thourough worked through MMO I have ever played , and a year in trade in Korea clearly shows its worth .
The childhood diseases that often plagues these games are nowhere to be found .
Something as refreshing as a smooth start is really a good change from what often happens with games that have fixed release dates .
It all recalls things , places and people we 've seen before in other outfits , but Aion stands out with its eastern aesthetics , a different way to tie together the components and a game that works perfectly from day one .
It is the fresh breath to the genre which has been needed for so long .
The picturesque scenery and the incredibly polished experience it is to move from puny warrior to supernatural war hero will not disappoint .
Aion is a hit and all fans of the genre should give a trial .
Today the IFPI announced a new wave of lawsuits ( 2000 ) in Europe .
But how new is this wave ?
It seems like they keep suing the same people over and over again .
If you compare today 's press release with the one they put out last year you will see that in both cases they sued a " German judge " , a " British Councilor " and a " French Chef " .
What a coincidence !
Ok , I have to agree , it seems like the French chef got a promotion because last year he or she was just a cook .
Here are two fragments from both press releases .
April 12 , 2005
Those who are paying the price of piracy include a German judge , a French cook and a British local councilor .
April 4 , 2006
A wide variety of people are finding themselves on the receiving end of legal action and paying large financial penalties .
They include a Finnish carpenter , a British postman , a Czech IT manager , a German judge , a French chef , a British local councillor and a retired German couple .
Sure , I know that these “ lively ” examples are just a propaganda tool that is used to make us feel vulnerable .
But still , they could have been a little more creative .
Ok , I have to admit , the postman , carpenter and the retired couple are new , and very appealing .
They replaced last years nurse , truck driver and car salesman .
But I wonder why they sue the retired couple as “ a couple ” .
How does that work ?
Did they share a single windows account or what ?
Well , I think the bottom line is that the IFPI announced 2000 new lawsuits , so we all should be very scared .
Everybody is vulnerable , and the next person that ’s going to be sued could be YOU .
