Looking back over the last 50 or 60 years , what have been the most ­important changes , and the most surprising ?
The fact that Europe has been at peace , outside the ­Balkans , since 1945 would have been a surprise and relief to those ­living in the shadow of the two great wars .
On the other hand , enlightened ­people would have been shocked by the ­recrudescence of religion as a ­public force , from ­militant Islam to American evangelicalism .
But for Europeans , the most ­remarkable development of all has surely been the decline and fall of socialism .
This has been disguised , or confused .
It has been truly said that the story of the past generation is that the right has won politically and the left has won culturally .
That great truth has been variously illustrated by the German election in September , the New Left Review , and the latest social ­attitudes survey in the UK .
Halfway through the past century socialism in one form or another seemed irresistible .
Stalin was in the Kremlin and Attlee in Downing Street , with flourishing socialist parties throughout western Europe .
Since then there has been a tectonic shift to the right , and those who deny this are whistling in the dark .
We are sometimes told that Britain remains a fundamentally social ­democratic country .
Maybe it 's literal - minded to ask , but in that case , how come Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair were prime ministers for 21 of the last 31 years ?
If either of those is a social ­democrat , I 'm a Maoist .
Following the implosion of Soviet Communism , the Italian left barely exists any more , the French Socialists are in disarray , and the Social ­Democrats were the big losers in the German ­election , having fallen in 15 years from 40 % to 23 % of the vote .
Perry Anderson remarks on this decline of centre - left parties in the last chapter of his book , The New Old World , adding grimly : " The pit of contempt into which New Labour has fallen , in the closing stages of the tawdriest regime in postwar ­British history , is an extreme case . "
Of late , David Cameron has been derided for making such a hash of things .
It 's quite true that he twists and turns and backtracks in a way that raises real questions about his judgment .
Cameron may be a pretty face ; a pity that lower down he often does n't seem to know his arse from his elbow .
All the same , you can see his problem .
We have had 13 years of a so - called Labour government which accepted the whole Thatcherite economic settlement , has seen an increase in social and ­economic inequality ; worshipped wealth and fawned on high finance at home and abroad ; passed a vast array of repressive laws ; betrayed all its ­promises on the single currency – and in the end did more damage to the ­European Union than Thatcher did ; allowed Rupert ­Murdoch to dictate its foreign policy ; and took Britain – with flagrant dishonesty – into a needless , illegal and murderous war in order to support the most reactionary American president of modern times .
After all that , you can understand why the Tories might feel short of breathing space .
Some have grasped this .
As the 21st century began , the New Left Review ­celebrated its 40th anniversary ( the " new " in new left is by now an archaic relic , as in New College or Wiener ­Neustadt ) .
Perry Anderson wrote then that : " The only starting point for a ­realistic Left today is a lucid ­registration of historical defeat .
Capital has ­comprehensively beaten back all threats to its rule , the bases of whose power – above all , the pressures of competition – were persistently underestimated by the socialist movement . "
Ten years on , the Review marks its 50th birthday – or quinquagenery , as that journal says in its gritty plebeian way – with another morose editorial .
Susan Watkins concedes that ­Anderson 's words still stand – and this despite the severest economic crisis in 80 years .
The Wall Street crash of 1929 and ensuing slump drove a whole generation leftward .
What is so striking is that this has not happened again , and how little damage the latest financial crisis has made to the repute of the existing order .
She also ruefully admits that the record of the Review – and that of much of the left – on ecological questions was " erratic to say the least " , as it was on other social issues , including " what was once the Woman Question " – and she should know .
But has n't that changed , and have n't we become a more liberal society in these 50 years ?
To be sure , but " liberal " does not mean " left " .
The latest survey from the National Centre for Social Research showed that , for one example among many , the proportion of British people who thought that homosexual relations were wrong had fallen to 36 % from 62 % in 1983 .
And yet those who supported redistribution from rich to poor had also fallen , from 51 % in 1994 to 38 % , and for the first time only a minority even of Labour voters believed in redistribution .
Just so in Europe .
If the Social ­Democrats were the big losers in the last German election , there was a far better showing by the Free Democrats ( FPD ) , who increased their vote by 5 % and replaced the Social Democrats as Angela Merkel 's coalition partners .
The FPD are a traditional liberal party of low taxes and small government , so that may be called a victory for the right .
And Guido Westerwelle of the FPD , now the foreign minister , is the first openly gay leader of an important European party .
The political - cultural distinction could not be better epitomised .
Maybe it was n't so hard to see this coming .
Nearly 50 years ago , one of the New Left 's oracles denounced mass culture as " a consequence of a basically capitalist organisation , and I at least know no better reason for capitalism to be ended " .
That was Raymond ­Williams , making the usual intellectual - leftist assumption that the lower classes were driven by false consciousness or ­downright stupidity to consume pop music and movies .
But he also saw that the liveliest revolt of the moment , " particularly among the new young generation , is precisely in these cultural terms " .
A couple of years ­earlier a member of that ­generation had already observed that " such issues as capital punishment , ­homosexuality , Sunday opening of ­public houses , and ugly new buildings in London have generated far more warmth among intellectuals than almost any purely political question " .
That was the young David Marquand reporting on ­undergraduate opinion at Oxford ­University – in 1958 .
Ten years on , Harold Wilson 's Labour government had taken office , and a last attempt at social - democratic economic planning had met with total failure , while Wilson railed at the unions and applauded the US war in Vietnam .
And what is it for which the years 1964 - 1970 are now gratefully remembered ?
Capital punishment was indeed abolished , and homosexuality was decriminalised .
On the Fogey Right , they lament the good old days , whispering the last enchantments of the 1950s , when ­murderers were hanged and queers were locked up .
There will be ­mercifully no return to that .
But does anyone on the left honestly think there will be a return either to the days of hope of 1945 , when a Labour government could be swept to power promising the ­socialist millennium ?
There 've been a few quiet releases of Friendly since I blogged about 0.4 .
Mostly , they were bug fixes , except for the addition of change tracking which is mostly an internal feature that will support arbitrary caches .
You can see all the notable changes in the changelog .
This week , I released 0.5 which includes built - in support for building a new index in the background without interrupting your app .
Here 's how it works :
First , declare the new index in your model :
class User indexes : name , : created_at end
Then , make sure to run Friendly .
create_tables ! to create the index table in the database .
Do n't worry , this wo n't overwrite any of your existing tables .
Friendly .
create_tables !
Now that the the new table has been created , you need to copy the .rake file included with Friendly ( lib/ tasks / friendly . rake ) to somewhere that will get picked up by your main Rakefile ( lib / tasks if it 's a rails project ) .
Then , run :
KLASS = User FIELDS = name , created_at rake friendly : build_index
If it is a rails project , you 'll need to prefix friendly : build_index with a rake task that loads your rails environment .
For our app , the full command looks like this :
KLASS = User FIELDS = name , created_at rake environment friendly : build_index
If you 're running this in production , you 'll probably want to fire up GNU screen so that it'll keep running even if you lose your SSH connection .
When the task completes , the index is populated and ready to go .
We 've already built a couple of indexes with this code in production and it worked great !
Get It !
As always , install Friendly as a gem :
sudo gem install friendly
If you 're not already following the github project , it 's a great way to keep up with Friendly 's development .
Finally , if you feel so inclined , I 'd appreciate a recommendation on Working with Rails .
A Zamboni took a dip in North America ’s largest groomed skating pond at Keystone Resort tonight .
A driver was grooming the lake at about 6:15 p.m. , when the ice cracked and the 7,000 - pound machine began to sink at about 6:15 p.m .
As a precaution , skaters were cleared from another area of the 5 - acre pond , resort spokesman Ryan Whaley said .
The driver was not injured .
There was no word immediately on how soon the rink might re-open , but staff will examine the ice and remove the Zamboni Wednesday , Whaley said .
“ They ’ll take it out and we ’ll see how it is , ” Whaley said of the machine and the safety of the ice around the crater .
With a lake that large , other areas could reopen immediately , he said .
Once it dries out , the machine is likely salvageable , he said .
Kenneth Waesche snapped a photo of the sunken ice machine when he stopped by Lakeside Village for a pickup game of hockey .
His wife planned to do some skating .
Waesche said that the “ thin ice ” sign in the foreground of the photo was some distance away from where the Zamboni went in .
The lake is typically open from Dec. 18 to March . 28 depending on the weather , from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Season passes are $ 59 , but daily admission is $ 11 for adults , $ 9 for 12 - to 17 - year - olds , $ 7 for children and $ 3 for toddlers and senior citizens .
Joey Bunch : 303-954-1174 or jbunch@denverpost.com
Down the AfPak Rabbit Hole
The release of Tim Burton ’s new blockbuster movie , Alice in Wonderland , is days away .
The timing could not be more appropriate .
Lewis Carroll ’s ironically opium - inspired tale of a rational person caught up inside a mad world with its own bizarre but consistent internal ( il ) logic has now surpassed Vietnam as the best paradigm to understand the war in Afghanistan .
The war in Afghanistan , as we have written here and in Military Review ( pdf ) , is indeed a near replication of the Vietnam War , including the assault on the strategically meaningless village of Marjah , which is itself a perfect re-enactment of Operation Meade River in 1968 .
But the callous cynicism of this war , which we described here in early December , and the mainstream media ’s brainless reporting on it , have descended past these sane parallels .
We have now gone down the rabbit hole .
Two months ago , the collection of mud-brick hovels known as Marjah might have been mistaken for a flyspeck on maps of Afghanistan .
Today the media has nearly doubled its population from less than 50,000 to 80,000 — the entire population of Nad Ali district , of which Nad Ali is the largest town , is approximately 99,000 — and portrays the offensive there as the equivalent of the Normandy invasion , and the beginning of the end for the Taliban .
In fact , however , the entire district of Nad Ali , which contains Marjah , represents about 2 percent of Regional Command ( RC ) South , the U.S. military ’s operational area that encompasses Helmand , Kandahar , Uruzgan , Zabul , Nimruz , and Daikundi provinces .
RC
South by itself is larger than all of South Vietnam , and the Taliban controls virtually all of it .
This appears to have occurred to no one in the media .
Nor have any noted that taking this nearly worthless postage stamp of real estate has tied down about half of all the real combat power and aviation assets of the international coalition in Afghanistan for a quarter of a year .
The possibility that wasting massive amounts of U.S. and British blood , treasure , and time just to establish an Afghan Potemkin village with a " government in a box " might be exactly what the Taliban wants the coalition to do has apparently not occurred to either the press or to the generals who designed this operation .
In reality , this battle — the largest in Afghanistan since 2001 — is essentially a giant public affairs exercise , designed to shore up dwindling domestic support for the war by creating an illusion of progress .
In reporting it , the media has gulped down the whole bottle of " drink me " and shrunk to journalistic insignificance .
In South Vietnam , an operational area smaller than RC South , the United States and its allies had over 2 million men under arms , including more than half a million Americans , the million - man Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) , 75,000 coalition troops , the Vietnamese Regional Forces and Popular Forces ( known as " Ruff - Puffs " ) , the South Vietnamese police , the Civilian Irregular Defense Groups ( CIDG ) and other militias — and lost .
Yet the media is breathlessly regurgitating Pentagon pronouncements that we have " turned the corner " and " reversed the momentum " in Afghanistan with fewer than 45,000 men under arms in all of RC South ( including the Afghan army and police ) by fighting for a month to secure a single hamlet .
Last year this would have been déjà vu of the " five o’ clock follies " of the Vietnam War .
Now it feels more like the Mad Hatter ’s Tea Party .
" How can we have more success , " Alice might ask , " when we have n’t had any yet ? "
So here we are in the AfPak Wonderland , complete with a Mad Hatter ( the clueless and complacent media ) , Tweedledee and Tweedledum ( the military , endlessly repeating itself and history ) , the White Rabbit ( the State Department , scurrying to meetings and utterly irrelevant ) , the stoned Caterpillar ( the CIA , obtuse , arrogant , and asking the wrong questions ) , the Dormouse ( U.S. Embassy Kabul , who wakes up once in a while only to have his head stuffed in a teapot ) , the Cheshire Cat ( President Obama , fading in and out of the picture , eloquent but puzzling ) , the Pack of Cards army ( the Afghan National Army , self - explanatory ) , and their commander , the inane Queen of Hearts ( Afghan President Hamid Karzai ) .
( In Alice in Wonderland , however , the Dormouse is " suppressed " by the Queen of Hearts , not the White Rabbit or the Cheshire Cat , so the analogy is not quite perfect . )
For his part , as the Economist noted this week , Karzai has made fools of all the Western officials who sternly admonished him to begin a new era of transparent democracy , seizing control of the Electoral Complaints Commission to dismiss its independent members .
Like the Queen of Hearts , Karzai has literally lost his marbles , according to our sources in the presidential palace .
Or , as U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry more diplomatically phrased it in his leaked cable , his behavior has become " erratic . "
He has n’t started shouting " off with their heads " yet , but the legitimacy thing is toast .
Only the massive public relations exercise in Marjah kept Karzai ’s kleptocracy out of the media spotlight in February .
The military and political madness of the AfPak Wonderland has entered a new chapter of folly with the detention of a few Taliban mullahs in Pakistan , most notably Mullah Baradar , once the military strategist of the Quetta Shura , the primary Taliban leadership council headed by Mullah Omar .
Like the Mock Turtle and the Gryphon in Alice in Wonderland , this has the Washington establishment dancing the whacked - out Lobster - Quadrille : Instant Afghanistan experts at the White House and pundits at august Beltway institutions like the Brookings Institution are absurdly calling the detentions a " sea change " in Pakistani behavior .
In fact , it is no such thing .
Pakistan has not abandoned overnight its 50 - year worship of the totem of " strategic depth , " its cornerstone belief that it must control Afghanistan , or its marriage to the Taliban , and anyone who believes that is indulging in magical thinking .
What has happened is , in fact , a purge by Taliban hard - liners of men perceived to be insufficiently reliable , either ethnically or politically , or both .
It is well - known that there had been a schism in the Quetta Shura for months , with hard - liner and former Gitmo prisoner Mullah Zakir ( aka Abdullah Ghulam Rasoul ) coming out on top over Mullah Baradar .
Baradar sheltered fellow Popalzai Hamid Karzai in 2001 and possibly saved his life after an errant U.S. bomb in Uruzgan province killed several men on the Special Forces team that was escorting him .
Baradar later became a confidant of the president ’s brother , paid CIA informer Ahmed Wali Karzai , and met occasionally with the president himself in the tangled web of Afghan politics .
The core Ghilzai leadership of the Taliban had long suspected Baradar of being too willing to negotiate and too partial to his kinsmen in making field appointments .
Indeed , this suspicion led to the creation of the Quetta Shura ’s Accountability Council in late 2009 , whose job apparently included removing many of Baradar ’s excessively Durrani and Karlani appointments .
This explains why when Mullah Zakir , the hard - line military chief of the Quetta Shura along with Baradar , was detained near Peshawar two weeks after Baradar was detained , the Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) – Pakistan ’s powerful military spy service — released him immediately .
Meanwhile , all of the other lesser figures currently in detention ( including Abdul Kabir , aka Mullah Abdul Kahir Osmani , the RC East regional commander ; Mullah Abdul Rauf Aliza , an Alizai Durrani , former Gitmo prisoner , and Taliban military chief for northern Afghanistan ; and Mullah Ahmed Jan Akhundzada , former shadow governor of Uruzgan province and Ishaqzai Durrani ) are known moderates and allies of Baradar .
In other words , the Quetta Shura has used the ISI , its loyal and steadfast patron , to take out its trash .
Those few mullahs suspected of being amenable to discussions with the infidel enemy and thus ideologically impure have now been removed from the jihad .
This is not cooperation against the Taliban by an allied state ; it is collusion with the Taliban by an enemy state .
Pakistan is in fact following its own perceived strategic interests , which do not coincide with those of the United States .
Pakistan has masterfully plied the Western establishment with an LSD - laced " drink me " cocktail of its own , convincing everyone that it is a frail and fragile Humpty - Dumpty that must not be pushed too hard , lest the nuclear egg fall off the wall .
This is nonsense .
In fact , what is needed against Pakistan ’s military leaders is a lever more powerful than " strategic depth " to force them into compliance and make them stop sheltering al Qaeda , destabilizing Afghanistan , and killing hundreds of Americans by proxy .
Unfortunately , in this AfPak Wonderland , there does not appear to be any magic mushroom to get back to normal .
Instead , Afghanistan and Pakistan policy is trapped in an endless loop in a mad policy world operating under its own consistent internal illogic .
Unlike Alice , the handful of Afghan analysts in the United States who actually understand what is happening cannot wake up or break through the corporate media noise .
Far worse , thousands of brave U.S. Marines and soldiers are caught up in this deadly political croquet game where IEDs , not hedgehogs , are the game balls .
The Duchess ’s baby really has turned into a pig , and there seems to be no way out of this increasingly insane rabbit hole .
Get the Recipe The Ultimate Sliders
By this point , any A Hamburger Today reader knows that a slider is not just a mini burger .
Putting a small beef patty on a tiny bun does not make it a slider , and do n't even think about applying the moniker to a mini crab - cake or grilled chicken breast sandwich without copious use of quotation marks .
Invented in Wichita , Kansas , in 1916 by Walter Anderson ( who five years later founded White Castle ) , sliders were at one time the predominant form of burger on the planet .
Weighing in at under two ounces , the diminutive sandwiches are made by slowly steam - griddling thin , all - beef patties on a bed of onions .
The aromatic steam from the onions wafts through and around the beef and buns , which are placed directly on top of the patty as it cooks .
When fully steamed through , the buns become mere wisps of moist pillowy bread — the physical manifestation of sweet , pungent onion vapor .
Topped with melty American cheese and a couple slices of pickle , it 's the cheeseburger in one of its purest , most noble forms and as a genre , is completely unimprovable .
That said , there are certainly good sliders and bad sliders our there , and the basic methodology leaves plenty of room for interpretation Should the onions be sliced or diced ?
How cooked should they be ?
What order should the burger be stacked in ?
How does the meat get cooked ?
Is it even possible to dissect and reassemble the slider in standard Burger Lab style and come out the other end with a recipe that does n't in some way dishonor a nearly 100 - year - old institution ?
My goal this week : develop the ultimate slider recipe .
And as I quickly discovered , there 's a lot more going on between those tiny buns than meats the eye* .
* I know , ouch .
Sorry about the terrible pun
Heading to the Source
Living a stone 's throw from North Jersey , I fortunately have some good stomping grounds to research sliders that are still cooked via the method pioneered by White Castle .
Almost all of the slider joints in Jersey have the word " white " in their name ; an epithet originally intended to evoke a sense of purity and cleanliness to calm a beef - wary 1920s public , who were still reeling at the horror stories of the Chicago stockyards chronicled in Upton Sinclair 's The Jungle .
So how do they cook their burgers ?
To quote slider expert Nick Solares , this is how it 's done ( I 'll refer to this method as the " traditional " method from here on out ) :
The method of preparation , despite some variance in ingredients ( the way the onions are apportioned , for example ) is constant : Small two - ounce ( or smaller ) cubes of beef are mashed on to a flat top griddle , and onions ( either finely chopped into tiny cubes or thinly sliced into delicate ribbons ) are pressed into the top of the sizzling patty , which ends up on the bottom when the burger is flipped .
If cheese is ordered , it is applied as soon as the patty is flipped , and the bun — top half first , bottom portion placed on top — covers the onion - beef - cheese stack .
After steaming through , the sandwiches are closed , and pickles and condiments are added .
Simple , right ?
White Castle on the other hand , has made a few innovations in the process over the years that bear some investigation .
Rather than starting with the beef , they first cover the griddle with a layer of reconstituted dehydrated onions ( apparently they made the switch from fresh onions during World War II food shortages and have never looked back ) .
The onions and their liquid are allowed to slowly warm and soften , before frozen patties of beef with the distinct five - hole pattern ( intended to hasten cooking time ) are added , and topped immediately with both bottom and top bun .
So what does this mean ?
Well , the key difference is that at White Castle , the beef never touches the griddle .
The cooking is done 100 % via steam from the onions .
It 's unclear exactly why White Castle made this change ( which according to my research , happened very early on , well before the 1950's ) .
It could be for efficiency and uniformity reasons , or it may be that the method simply delivers better flavor .
Clearly , the independent stores in Jersey trump White Castle in terms of quality and freshness of ingredients — but has their cooking method been left wallowing in a less - than - ideally - flavored past ?
Armed with beef , onions , and a boatload of questions , I hit the kitchen to find out .
The Bun
First things first .
Finding a slider - sized bun is not easy .
While most old fashioned slider joints use white , Wonder Bread - esque squishy buns ( according to burger expert Josh Ozersky , these are the only buns a slider should be made on ) , these buns are not readily available to the general public .
Martin's Potato Rolls , on the other hand , are available , do have some precedence in real - world sliders ( White Manna of Hackensack uses them ) , and come in two potentially slider - friendly sizes , shown above .
While the tiny , 2 - inch Party Rolls may be good for passed hors d'oeuvres at a fancy dinner party , I decided to go with the slightly larger Sliced Rolls , which are still small enough to be considered a snack , but large enough that you can make a meal our of three or four of 'em .
The Beef
Another easy decision .
Since their thinness prohibits cooking these burgers to anything less than well done to very well done , I knew I 'd have to use a very fatty cut .
Either fresh ground chuck or fresh ground second - cut brisket would do me just fine .
After some brief experimenting with beef - to - bun ratios , I settled on 1.5 - ounce patties flattened into three and a half - inch disks to just barely cover the surface of the bun .
The Onions
Here 's where we get to the really tough part .
In my estimation , the onions are in fact a more important element to the slider than the beef itself .
They add moisture , they add flavor , they provide that all - important aromatic steam .
Without onions , there can simply be no slider .
My first test was to cook four patties side by side , using cooking method # 1 , with the onions smashed into the uncooked side of the patty before being flipped .
I tried onions cut four different ways : small dice , really small dice , finely sliced parallel to the equator , and finely sliced pole - to - pole .
Straight away , the onion cut parallel to the equator was out for its unappealingly stringy texture .
Of the remaining options , the teeny tiny diced onion and the onion sliced very finely pole - to - pole were in a dead heat .
They both seemed to have much more distinct onion flavor than either of the other two batches .
What was going on ?
To get at the answer , we 've got to take a quick look at an onion under a microscope :
Onions , like all vegetables , are composed of a series of liquid - filled cells .
Within this liquid floats a number of large compounds armed with sulfurous molecules that are designed specifically to irritate our eyes and noses .
Now normally , these molecules are inert .
Like a bomb without a trigger , they are perfectly harmless .
However , as soon as an onion is cut open , its cells rupture and the compounds spill out and come into contact with enzyme triggers that were stored within different compartments .
The enzymes cause a chain of chemical reactions that develop the familiar distinctive pungent odor that , despite their initial role as a defensive deterrent , us humans have come to love .
So this explains why the onions sliced pole - to - pole and finely diced developed more flavor than their counterparts : both methods end up rupturing more cells .
I decided to go with the fine dice , for purely textural reasons .
My next thought seemed like a logical one : Could I somehow play up these onion flavors even more ?
Salting the Wound
As anyone whose ever made cole slaw , kimchi , or eggplant parm knows , salting vegetables can have a profound impact .
When salt first hits the surface of the vegetable , it begins to dissolve in the small amount of liquid present , creating a super - concentrated brine .
This brine creates osmotic pressure on the cell walls , causing liquid from the interior to be leached out , along with some of its dissolved solids .
I set up a quick experiment by placing two bowls of chopped onions side by side .
One was left plain , while the second was seasoned with kosher salt and allowed to rest for ten minutes .
A quick sniff test confirmed it .
The salted onion was considerably more pungent than the unsalted .
Try it out for yourself — the difference is truly remarkable .
What 's more , the flavor differences were detectable even after having been cooked into the patties *.
* Yet another piece of evidence that seasoning your food while cooking is much more effective than adding salt at the table .
The Cooking Method
Surprise victor here .
After extensively testing both the traditional method and the modern White Castle method , I came to the conclusion that given an equal set of starting ingredients , the White Castle method is in fact superior .
Allow me to explain in three major points :
Beef Flavor :
While in most burgers a crisp , well - seared crust is desirable , a slider is different .
The griddle is not kept hot enough to impart significant browning .
If it were , it 'd rapidly burn the onions to a crisp .
Thus the flavor advantage ostensibly offered with the traditional method by cooking the beef in direct griddle contact offers no significant benefit .
Cooking on a bed of onions , however , imparts significantly more flavor to the meat .
Score one for the White Castle system .
Beef Texture : Cooking onions until fully softened and lightly caramelized ( the ideal stage for a slider ) is a slow process that takes anywhere between five and ten minutes during which time the beef is continuously cooking .
With the traditional method , it gets a jump start on the griddle , and inevitably ends up well beyond well - done .
Now , the soft onions and gooey cheese help mitigate its dryness to a degree , but not nearly as much as keeping the beef away from direct contact with the griddle .
Score two for the White Castle system .
Onions : Properly softening the onions is tricky business .
With the traditional method , the onions are completely obscured by the burgers as they brown .
Gauging their doneness is largely a matter of experience cooking onions on the same griddle every single day — something which I 'm not prepared to do , and my wife flatly refuses to ( along with burgers , wives have also apparently changed since the 1920s ) .
With the White Castle system , you 've got an advantage : simply cook the onions sans - burger until they reach the perfect degree of doneness , then add a bit of water , halting them from overbrowning , softening them every so slightly , and creating ample steam for your buns to soak up .
Score three for the White Castle System .
The Steam
Not much new here .
My only innovation was to stagger the top buns so that they are not directly stacked on top of the bottom buns .
This offers better steam - absorption , and prevents even the tiniest wisp of flavor from escaping from around the edges of the pan .
Getting Juiced
At this point , I was already pretty darn happy with my results .
By combining the fresh ingredients of a traditional slider with the improved cooking method offered by White Castle , I 'd eaten several of the best sliders I 've ever had .
But there was still one little point that was irking me : adding water to the skillet to halt the onions from overcooking .
Years of restaurant training has taught me that whenever I 'm about to add water to something , my first instinct should be to question whether there is another , more flavorful option .
Because you see , despite what bottled water marketers will have you believe , plain water is pretty bland .
So what 's the liquid of choice ?**
Why , onion juice , of course
** Yes , yes , in most other cases , Scotch
I pulled out the juicer that I got my wife for her last birthday and after very briefly considering whether the onion smell might potentially soak into the plastic , I decided that in the interest of pure science , the difficult sacrifice of my wife 's normally sweet breath was an unfortunate , but necessary piece of collateral damage .
I went ahead and juiced the onion .
Asides from having accidentally created a monster of a machine that permanently delivers a morning 's worth onion breath with every glass of freshly squeezed mango juice , I had in my hands a potential cup of pure liquid slider flavor .
White Manna , indeed !
I cooked up another batch of salted diced onions in a skillet over low heat until very lightly browned , then poured in some onion juice and stirred up and redistributed the contents before adding my patties .
I topped each with a slice of cheese , then placed the buns on top to steam , adding a touch more onion juice whenever the pan seemed in danger of drying out .
A few minutes later , I assembled the sandwiches ( carefully spooning on any extra onions and melted cheese that had collected in the skillet ) , topped each with a couple slices of pickle , and dug in .
They were truly phenomenal .
Deep aromatic onion flavor , with beef that , despite its size , was moist , juicy , and had even retained a bare hint of pink .
Do n't have a juicer ?
Not to worry .
Grating an extra onion on the medium holes of a box grater provides ample juicy pulp to moisten your pan with , providing results that are nearly as good .
With my testing done and everything finally in order , I leave you with two questions :
1 . On a slider , what is the ideal stacking order for beef , onions , and cheese ?
My inclination is that the cheese should be at the bottom , so that it is the first thing your tongue hits as you bite through , thereby coating everything else in a gooey shroud .
The beef should be next , and the onions should be on top in order to continue to bathe the burger in their juices .
Your thoughts ?
2 . Given that my wife comes home to a kitchen full of dozens of burgers with one bite taken out of each on a regular basis , how long before she leaves me ?
Get the Recipe
At this point , you 're probably expecting the recipe .
Well , here you go : The Ultimate Slider Recipe »
Great Slider Joints
A Guide to the Various Slider Joints of Northern New Jersey »
White Manna / White Mana , NJ »
White Rose System , Linden NJ »
White Rose System , Roselle NJ »
White Diamond , Clark NJ »
My First Taste of White Castle »
Eat Rite Diner , St. Louis »
Powers Hamburgers , Fort Wayne IN »
The Cozy Inn , Salina KS »
Reading Rec : Selling 'em by the Sack »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A 21 - year - old woman who did not wish to be identified speaks with The Associated Press in Port - au - Prince on March 12 , 2010 .
Women , girls and children as young as 2 years old , already traumatized by the loss of homes and loved ones in Haiti 's earthquake , now are falling victim to rapists in sprawling and unmanageable tent cities that have become home to hundreds of thousands of people .
" They grabbed me , put their hands over my mouth and then the three of them took turns " , said the woman who was raped by three men while she went to use the toilet into the darkness of a makeshift tent camp .
( AP Photo / Andres Leighton ) #
He looked up at Ball , who was sitting in a chair among the students , wearing a black - and - red jumper and oversize eyeglasses .
She continued not to contradict him , and he went on not making sense .
Then Ball looked to the class .
“ Other people ’s comments ? ” she asked calmly .
At this point , the class came to a pause .
I was watching the video at the University of Michigan ’s school of education , where Ball , who has traded in her grandma glasses for black cat ’s - eye frames , is now the dean — and one of the country ’s foremost experts on effective teaching .
( She is also on the board of the Spencer Foundation , which administers my fellowship . )
Her goal in filming her class was to capture and then study , categorize and describe the work of teaching — the knowledge and skills involved in getting a class of 8 - year - olds to understand a year ’s worth of math .
Her somewhat surprising conclusion : Teaching , even teaching third - grade math , is extraordinarily specialized , requiring both intricate skills and complex knowledge about math .
Image Credit ... Illustration by R. Kikuo Johnson
The Sean video is a case in point .
Ball had a goal for that day ’s lesson , and it was not to investigate the special properties of the number six .
Yet by entertaining Sean ’s odd idea , Ball was able to teach the class far more than if she had stuck to her lesson plan .
By the end of the day , a girl from Nigeria had led the class in deriving precise definitions of even and odd ; everyone — even Sean — had agreed that a number could not be both odd and even ; and the class had coined a new , special type of number , one that happens to be the product of an odd number and two .
They called them Sean numbers .
Other memorable moments from the year include a day when they derived the concept of infinity ( “ You would die before you counted all the numbers ! ” one girl said ) and another when an 8 - year - old girl proved that an odd number plus an odd number will always equal an even number .
Dropping a lesson plan and fruitfully improvising requires a certain kind of knowledge — knowledge that Ball , a college French major , did not always have .
In fact , she told me that math was the subject she felt least confident teaching at the beginning of her career .
Frustrated , she decided to sign up for math classes at a local community college and then at Michigan State .
She worked her way from calculus to number theory .
“ Pretty much right away , ” she told me , “ I saw that studying math was helping . ”
Suddenly , she could explain why one is n’t a prime number and why you ca n’t divide by zero .
Most important , she finally understood math ’s secret language : the kinds of questions it involves and the way ideas become proofs .
But still , the effect on her teaching was fairly random .
Much of the math she never used at all , while other parts of teaching still challenged her .
Working with Hyman Bass , a mathematician at the University of Michigan , Ball began to theorize that while teaching math obviously required subject knowledge , the knowledge seemed to be something distinct from what she had learned in math class .
It ’s one thing to know that 307 minus 168 equals 139 ; it is another thing to be able understand why a third grader might think that 261 is the right answer .
Mathematicians need to understand a problem only for themselves ; math teachers need both to know the math and to know how 30 different minds might understand ( or misunderstand ) it .
Then they need to take each mind from not getting it to mastery .
And they need to do this in 45 minutes or less .
This was neither pure content knowledge nor what educators call pedagogical knowledge , a set of facts independent of subject matter , like Lemov ’s techniques .
It was a different animal altogether .
Ball named it Mathematical Knowledge for Teaching , or M.K.T .
She theorized that it included everything from the “ common ” math understood by most adults to math that only teachers need to know , like which visual tools to use to represent fractions ( sticks ?
blocks ?
a picture of a pizza ? ) or a sense of the everyday errors students tend to make when they start learning about negative numbers .
At the heart of M.K.T. , she thought , was an ability to step outside of your own head .
“ Teaching depends on what other people think , ” Ball told me , “ not what you think . ”
The idea that just knowing math was not enough to teach it seemed legitimate , but Ball wanted to test her theory .
Working with Hill , the Harvard professor , and another colleague , she developed a multiple - choice test for teachers .
The test included questions about common math , like whether zero is odd or even ( it ’s even ) , as well as questions evaluating the part of M.K.T. that is special to teachers .
Hill then cross - referenced teachers ’ results with their students ’ test scores .
The results were impressive : students whose teacher got an above - average M.K.T. score learned about three more weeks of material over the course of a year than those whose teacher had an average score , a boost equivalent to that of coming from a middle - class family rather than a working - class one .
The finding is especially powerful given how few properties of teachers can be shown to directly affect student learning .
Looking at data from New York City teachers in 2006 and 2007 , a team of economists found many factors that did not predict whether their students learned successfully .
One of two that were more promising : the teacher ’s score on the M.K.T. test , which they took as part of a survey compiled for the study .
( Another , slightly less powerful factor was the selectivity of the college a teacher attended as an undergraduate . )
Clergy members and churches would not face legal consequences for refusing to perform same - sex marriages , under a state bill being pushed by supporters of gay marriage .
Same - sex marriage is illegal in California , but that could change with a court decision or at the ballot box .
Supporters of same - sex marriage want to alleviate concerns of those with religious objections .
They also want to emphasize the separation between civil and religious recognition of marriages .
" We heard through the Prop. 8 debate great concern from certain clergy that their freedom of religion could be infringed upon and their tax - exempt status revoked , " said the bill 's author , Sen. Mark Leno , D - San Francisco .
" We want to clarify that by putting the constitutional guarantee of the First Amendment , freedom of religion , into statute . "
The bill would apply to any religious objection to performing a marriage , not just between same - sex couples , and states that no clergy member would be required to solemnize a marriage that conflicts with his or her faith .
The bill states that refusing to do so " shall not affect the tax - exempt status of any entity . "
The threat of churches losing their tax - exempt status for refusing to perform same - sex marriage ceremonies was prominent in the campaign in favor of Prop.
8 , the measure that reinstated the ban on those marriages in California .
Backers of the legislation , including the state 's largest gay rights organization , said the bill also will clarify differences between civil and religious marriage .
The proposal would place the word " civil " in front of references to marriage .
" There is confusion among many people whether a marriage license is a civil document or a religious document .
It 's a civil document , and this is putting that in the code so there is no confusion , " said Geoff Kors , executive director of Equality California .
Several religious organizations support the measure , including the California Southern Baptist Convention , which supported Prop .
8 . Terry Barone , spokesman for the convention , called it " good legislation . "
" That certainly would seem to add protections for a clergy member who , for whatever reason , might be hesitant to perform a marriage ceremony , " he said .
The proposal also has the backing of California Church Impact , the advocacy arm of the California Council of Churches , which represents about 6,000 congregations and 6.5 million Californians , according to the organization .
That group opposed Prop. 8 , even though its members were divided on the issue .
Rick Schlosser , executive director of the advocacy group , called the proposal a " perfect bill " because of its recognition of religious freedom .
He acknowledged , however , that religious freedom includes the freedom to treat gay and lesbian couples differently than heterosexuals .
" We very strongly oppose discrimination in any form anywhere , so that is an issue and concern for me .
However , because some churches would refuse to perform same - sex marriages does n't deny a couple the right of getting married , " Schlosser said .
RNC Fallout : ' Ashamed ' donor closes checkbook
A prominent Evangelical figure and Republican donor says he will end his contributions to the organized Republican Party in reaction to the leaked fundraising presentation that advised using " fear " to solicit contributions and displayed an image of President Obama as the Joker from Batman .
Mark DeMoss , who heads a major Christian public relations firm in Atlanta and served as a liaison to the Evangelical community for Mitt Romney in 2008 , wrote Chairman Michael Steele yesterday that he was " ashamed " of the presentation , calling depictions of Obama , Speaker Nancy Pelosi , and Majority Leader Harry Reid " shameful , immature and uncivil , at best . "
" I ’m afraid the presentation is representative of a culture and mindset within the Republican National Committee , " DeMoss , a past member of the RNC's " Eagle " program for top donors who gave the party $ 15,000 in 2008 , wrote in the letter to Steele , which he shared with POLITICO .
( DeMoss has n't given this cycle . )
" Consequently , I will no longer contribute to any fundraising entity of our Party — but will contribute only to individual candidates I choose to support . "
The letter was copied to House and Senate Republican leaders , whose campaign committees DeMoss said he 'd also stop supporting .
DeMoss , whose causes include a project devoted to civility and who is the scion of a major Evangelical family , concluded :
" Mr. Chairman , I love giving money to candidates at every level who I believe in and want to see elected .
But it is becoming increasingly difficult to consider making a contribution to the Party itself .
The sort of behavior displayed in Boca Grande only contributes to the widespread cynicism of politics in general and our Party in particular .
It is , in my opinion , indefensible and destructive . "
His full letter is after the jump .
March 5 , 2010
Chairman Michael Steele
Republican National Committee
310 First Street SE
Washington , DC 20003
Dear Mr. Chairman :
Like many Republicans today , I am ashamed of the fundraising presentation given by RNC Finance Director Rob Bickhart at last month ’s GOP gathering in Boca Grande , Florida .
The depictions of President Obama , Speaker Pelosi and Majority Leader Harry Reid were shameful , immature and uncivil , at best .
While I realize your office made steps to distance you from this presentation I ’m afraid the presentation is representative of a culture and mindset within the Republican National Committee ; consequently , I will no longer contribute to any fundraising entity of our Party — but will contribute only to individual candidates I choose to support .
I have been a member of the Republican Eagles on a number of occasions in the past , including the 2008 cycle .
I have been constantly solicited by the RNC , the NRSC and the NRCC , among other GOP organizations and efforts .
Recently I was visited in my office by Lynn Westmoreland , who shared with me the redistricting efforts he is leading in the House .
He was requesting funds for this initiative ( without the sort of nonsense presented recently by your Finance Director ) and I was considering contributing to the project .
I will not consider doing so now , with apologies to Congressman Westmoreland
Mr. Chairman , I love giving money to candidates at every level who I believe in and want to see elected .
But it is becoming increasingly difficult to consider making a contribution to the Party itself .
The sort of behavior displayed in Boca Grande only contributes to the widespread cynicism of politics in general and our Party in particular .
It is , in my opinion , indefensible and destructive .
Sincerely ,
Mark DeMoss
President , The DeMoss Group
Founder , CivilityProject.org
cc : Peter Terpeluk , RNC Finance Chairman
Rob Bickhart , RNC Finance Director
Sen . John Cornyn , NRSC
Sen . Mitch McConnell , Senate Minority Leader
Rep. Pete Sessions , NRCC
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland , NRCC
Rep. John Boehner , House Minority Leader
Rep. Eric Cantor , House Minority Whip
There 's been an upset at the top of * Bicycling * magazine 's annual list of the country 's 50 bike - friendliest big cities .
Portland , Oregon , long known as the bike - friendliest city in the land , has been dethroned by Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Portland 's fall to second place came despite the ambitious $ 600 million Portland Bicycle Plan 2030 that calls for nearly 700 miles of new bike trails within 20 years .
But the change - up at the top should not come as a surprise to many following the rise of the Minneapolis bicycle community .
Previously ranked number two , Minneapolis has been on the forefront of bicycle transportation innovation .
The city has an equally ambitious citywide bicycle plan with 43 miles of dedicated on - street bicycle lanes and 84 miles of off - street trails .
Another 40 miles are slated to be completed in 2010 .
The city also has received a silver " Bicycle Friendly Community " award from the League of American Bicyclists .
" I was so excited by this news , I overinflated my bike tires , " Mayor R.T. Rybak said of his city taking to top spot , [ according to local TV station KARE - 11 ] ( " I was so excited by this news , I overinflated my bike tires , " Mayor R.T. Rybak said .
" We ) .
Rybak said the city has " come a long way from when the first bike lanes were striped on our streets back in the 1970s .
Biking is now a more attractive and effective way of getting around town , thanks to an ongoing partnership between the city and county governments , the country 's best coalition of nonprofits and tens of thousands of active bikers . "
" Hey , " you say , " my city has lots of cyclists , why are n't we number one ? "
Well , Bicycling comes up with this list by first eliminating cities below 100,000 people in population .
( There is a ranking of the top - five bike - friendly small cities . )
California was n't allowed to dominate the list , which is why only two cities – San Francisco at No. 6 and Long Beach at No. 23 – made the cut .
Bicycling considered a mixture of quantitative criteria including how many miles of bike trails a city has , how much bike parking is available and so forth .
Then it used a more qualitative data set that examines how involved in cycling the local government is , how many bike shops there all and the overall bike culture vibe .
Joining Minneapolis and Portland to round out the top five were Boulder , Colorado ; Seattle , Washington ; and Eugene , Oregon .
You may ask who came in at number 50 ...
Well , Rochester , New York rounded out the list .
The list is more than a ranking .
It is a call to arms .
If your town does n't appear on the list – or did n't rank as highly as you 'd like – * Bicycling * urges you to " use this as an opportunity to do something about it . "
Check out the full list and get more info here .
Photo of cyclists on the Midtown Greenway trail in Minneapolis : Micah Taylor / Flickr
Note to readers and viewers : The Anderson Cooper 360 series " Scientology : A History of Violence , " which reported competing claims and denials about violence at the top of the Church of Scientology has attracted a number of complaints from senior members of the Church of Scientology ( including Mr. Miscavige ) and the Church of Scientology itself .
The series is now the subject of a letter of legal complaint in the United Kingdom .
The complainants strongly dispute the allegations and the assertions made against them and covered in the course of the series by former members of the Church of Scientology .
Anderson Cooper | BIO
AC360° Anchor
This week we begin a five - part investigation into allegations made by a number of former high ranking members of the Church of Scientology .
The allegations are about physical abuse they say took place within the Sea Organization , the international management branch of the church .
These former members , many of whom dedicated their lives to Scientology , allege that the leader of the church , David Miscavige , has used physical violence against a number of Sea Organization members .
The church adamantly denies these allegations , and back up their denials with numerous affidavits and testimonials defending Mr. Miscavige and attacking those who are speaking out .
Interestingly , the church spokesman , Tommy Davis , admits there was a history of violence in the Sea Organization , but the people he blames for it are those who are making the allegations against David Miscavige .
He says they were demoted by Mr. Miscavige , and are bitter and disgruntled .
Some of those making the allegations admit they did engage in violent acts , but say it was at the urging of Mr. Miscavige .
There is no real proof offered by either side , but viewers can make their own assessment .
We have spent several months working on this series , and believe it is a fair look at the allegations and the counter claims made by the church .
I have already received a number of emails from church members complaining about the series , and accusing me of attacking the church , its beliefs , its membership , and its activities .
Given that the emails are all very similar in content , I assume this is some sort of organized email campaign .
None of those writing the emails have seen the series , but I appreciate hearing from all concerned viewers , and I certainly understand any church member , of any religion , being concerned about the portrayal of their beliefs .
For the record , I just want to point out that this series is not about the beliefs or activities of the Church of Scientology .
It is not about the religion or the vast majority of Scientologists .
This series simply has to do with what some former high ranking church officials say went on within the upper management of the church , and what happened to them when they left the church .
CHICAGO – Dozens of people rallied here at Federal Plaza March 3 demanding that Congress act immediately to address the worst job crisis since the Great Depression .
It ’s an outrage , organizers said , that Congress was forced to delay a one - month extension of unemployment benefits by a single Republican , yet they wasted no time in bailing out Wall Street .
Speakers at the rally said the extension does n’t address the national state of emergency plaguing the country as 15.3 million and rising remain unemployed .
“ We need a federal jobs program to put people back to work now , ” said Susan Hurley , executive director of Chicago Jobs with Justice .
“ We need immediate action to create , save and protect jobs and human services . ”
Congress should spend money on infrastructure like building roads , mass transit , schools and affordable housing , said Hurley .
“ We need them to get to work .
Look how fast they rescued the banks .
But what are they doing for the American people ? ”
There are 1.6 million people living on food stamps in Illinois .
“ This is a life and death emergency , ” said Diane Doherty with the Illinois Hunger Coalition .
Everyday people have to choose whether to pay their mortgage , put food on the table or pay for health care costs , Doherty said .
“ Washington is out of touch .
And shame on those in Congress obstructing passage of meaningful legislation to expand access to unemployment benefits and help workers and their families who are in a desperate situation .
The Republicans have proven they are obstacles to any recovery for working people , ” she said .
Highlighting the crisis , rally organizers held a symbolic “ Senate Soup Kitchen ” passing out cups of soup evoking images of the Great Depression .
“ The soup line is no longer limited for the homeless these days , ” said Ed Shurna , executive director of Chicago Coalition for the Homeless .
It ’s unacceptable and the recovery process is a disaster , he said .
“ If we can move with breakneck speed to bail out Wall Street banks , we must act in the same way to provide jobs for the American people , ” he said .
Charles Jenkins was at the rally and said he has been unemployed for more than a year .
“ There are no jobs , especially at a living wage , ” he said .
“ I should be as important to Congress as a big Wall Street bank . ”
According to Michael Lemke with Progressive Democrats of America the “ corporate ” Democrats and all Republicans have built an economy for the few , not the many .
Republicans like Sen. Jim Bunning from Kansas , who stalled the unemployment benefits measure for days , continue to shortchange the American people , said Lemke .
“ We have a predatory financial sector , a foreign policy run by mercenaries and war profiteers , and a parasitic private health insurance industry , ” he said .
“ We need single payer health insurance , fair trade policies that protects and creates an American manufacturing sector including a serviceable financial sector for everyday consumers and we need peace , ” said Lemke .
“ We need a real economy for a real future for ordinary Americans . ”
Speakers at the rally said it ’s time to hold Wall Street and lawmakers accountable .
Federal action to extend and expand eligibility for jobless benefits ( including COBRA and food assistance ) and a federal jobs program paid for by a tax on Wall Street speculators needs to be on the agenda .
The rally was part of a national campaign for jobs calling for federal dollars to go toward the most economically distressed communities including emergency aid to fiscally strapped states and credit to small and medium sized businesses to begin hiring .
Photo : Pepe Lozano / PW
Found these on another forum .
Thought this comm might appreciate them .
Once again , let me state that I did not make these .
I just found them and posted them here .
Please do n't try to correct " my " grammar , punctuation , or capitalization because they 're not mine .
Second edit : comments on this post are now locked .
I 'm not sure why this particular post incited so many comments , but I just can't handle the overwhelming response in my inbox .
I 'm sure whatever you may have wanted to say in a comment , someone else has already said it , so please do n't feel left out !
You have already voted for this video .
This was carried out near a cemetry no less ..
Amazing how we fear the unknown .
No one dared to face the bun ...
This was carried out near a cemetry no less ..
Amazing how we fear the unknown .
No one dared to face the bunch of rotten bones !!
Peter Watts , the super - dark scifi writer , is now a felon , because he did n’t lay down on the ground after border guards ( Canada - America , not Mexico - America ! ) punched him in the face repeatedly .
( Also because he did n’t lay down on the ground , and asked what the hell was going on , he got pepper - sprayed in the face . )
This is a felony because “ assault ” seems to be classified much the same way as “ resist ” or “ impede . ”
So if you impede someone ’s fist with your face , boom , felony .
Sentencing is forthcoming ; he faces two years .
This is pretty much in every which way a travesty , particularly as it involves a guy who rescues stray cats in his spare time .
Chanelle Sasha Jones died from stab wounds A man found with his teenage daughter 's body in his car stabbed her because he believed she wanted to die after being raped , a murder trial has heard .
Gary Fisher , 48 , from Solihull , West Midlands , denies murdering Chanelle Sasha Jones , 17 , in a Cardigan car park , at Swansea Crown Court .
Prosecutors said he would claim he killed his daughter in a suicide pact .
But they said it was an attempt by him to avoid responsibility and she had made no complaint of a rape to police .
Outlining the case , the prosecution said Mr Fisher stabbed Ms Jones several times in a car park behind the Angel Hotel in Cardigan on Sunday 2 August .
The court heard the pair had been out in his car since the early hours of the morning .
After stabbing Sasha , the court heard Mr Fisher covered her body with a sleeping bag and reclined her seat .
She was shocked to see the knife and tried to get away .
But she could n't because of the seatbelt
Gary Fisher
He drove around for several hours with her body in the car before he was stopped by police .
Prosecutor Chris Clee QC said when arrested , Mr Fisher told police he killed her because she had wanted to die after suffering a sex attack , and he planned to " end her suffering " in a suicide pact .
Mr Clee said Mr Fisher told hospital staff he had killed his daughter with a hunting knife .
" He said his daughter told him she wanted to die .
He said he planned it for the last two and a half months .
" He said , ' I felt she was suffering and I wanted to help her to die . ' "
The court heard Mr Fisher later claimed to police that his daughter had been raped - and she ' could n't live with the thought of that ' , but police said no complaint had been made to them .
Mr Clee said : " This was n't in any way , shape or form a suicide pact .
It is simply an attempt by him to avoid his responsibility for what he did . "
On the day of Sasha 's death , the court heard Mr Fisher told police : " I got out of the car , took the knife , went to the passenger door and opened it .
" She was shocked to see the knife and tried to get away .
But she could n't because of the seatbelt . "
The court heard Mr Fisher had rowed with his daughter earlier in the summer because she wanted to be with her boyfriend instead of her father .
He had also given his 15 - year - old son a hunting knife and a lock knife to look after on a visit to see his three children .
Mr Clee said Mr Fisher had rung his sister to confess to killing Sasha , and told one of her cousins what had happened .
The court was told they alerted police , who saw his car near Aberaeron in Ceredigion , but when he refused to stop they used a stinger device to halt the car .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Full Text of Human Rights Record of the United States in 2009 >>
China is retorting US criticism by publishing its own report on America 's human rights record .
This is the 11th consecutive year that China issued a human rights dissertation on the US .
The documents rebuts Washington 's annual analysis , so that the people around the world will understand true picture of human rights in the United States .
The Information Office of the State Council says that , as in previous years , the US Human Rights Report " turns a blind eye to , or dodges , and even covers up rampant abuses on its own territory . "
Statistics show that violent crimes pose threats to the lives , property , and personal security of the American people .
The rate remains high .
The US also ranks first in the world in the number of privately - owned guns .
Certain accounts show that abuse of power is common among US law enforcement officers .
Other sources points out that the basic rights of prisoners are not well protected .
And in some cases , chaotic management of detention facilities have led to widespread outbreaks of diseases among inmates .
The report says the term " Freedom of the Press " is , in fact , completely subordinate to its national interests , and often manipulated by the US government .
The 2009 unemployment rate in the country was the highest in 26 years .
More people are living in poverty than in the previous decade .
The report adds that racial prejudice in law enforcement and the judicial system has also occurred , while discrimination against Muslims is increasing as well .
Some immigrants live in misery , and ethnic hate crimes are not uncommon .
As the world 's biggest arms seller , US deals has been fueling great instability across the globe .
The report quoted a US Congress report as saying that its 2008 foreign weapons sales figures soared to 37.8 billion dollars from a year earlier , up nearly 50 percent .
That accounts for more than 68 percent of all global arms deals .
Some analysts believe these figures show " the US not only has a bad domestic human rights record , but also is a major source of many human rights disasters around the world . "
China is advising the US government to " draw lessons from history , put itself in a correct position , strive to improve its own human rights conditions , and rectify its acts in the human rights field . "
Editor : Zhang Ning | Source : CCTV.com
From Op Ed News :
" Original Content at http://www.opednews.com/articles/The-Road-to-Armageddon-by-Paul-Craig-Roberts-100225-925.html
February 25 , 2010
The Road to Armageddon
By Paul Craig Roberts
The Washington Times is a newspaper that looks with favor upon the Bush / Cheney / Obama / neocon wars of aggression in the Middle East and favors making terrorists pay for 9/11 .
Therefore , I was surprised to learn on February 24 that the most popular story on the paper 's website for the past three days was the " Inside the Beltway " report , " Explosive News , " about the 31 press conferences in cities in the US and abroad on February 19 held by Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth , an organization of professionals which now has 1,000 members .
I was even more surprised that the news report treated the press conference seriously .
How did three World Trade Center skyscrapers suddenly disintegrate into fine dust ?
How did massive steel beams in three skyscrapers suddenly fail as a result of short - lived , isolated , and low temperature fires ?
" A thousand architects and engineers want to know , and are calling on Congress to order a new investigation into the destruction of the Twin Towers and Building 7 , " reports the Washington Times .
The paper reports that the architects and engineers have concluded that the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the National Institute of Standards and Technology provided " insufficient , contradictory and fraudulent accounts of the circumstances of the towers ' destruction " and are " calling for a grand jury investigation of NIST officials . "
The newspaper reports that Richard Gage , the spokesperson for the architects and engineers said : " Government officials will be notified that " Misprision of Treason , ' U.S. Code 18 ( Sec. 2382 ) is a serious federal offense , which requires those with evidence of treason to act .
The implications are enormous and may have profound impact on the forthcoming Khalid Sheik Mohammed trial . "
There is now an organization , Firefighters for 9/11 Truth .
At the main press conference in San Francisco , Eric Lawyer , the head of that organization , announced the firefighters ' support for the architects and engineers ' demands .
He reported that no forensic investigation was made of the fires that are alleged to have destroyed the three buildings and that this failure constitutes a crime .
Mandated procedures were not followed , and instead of being preserved and investigated , the crime scene was destroyed .
He also reported that there are more than one hundred first responders who heard and experienced explosions and that there is radio , audio and video evidence of explosions .
Also at the press conference , physicist Steven Jones presented the evidence of nano - thermite in the residue of the WTC buildings found by an international panel of scientists led by University of Copenhagen nano - chemist Professor Niels Harrit .
Nano - thermite is a high - tech explosive / pyrotechnic capable of instantly melting steel girders .
Before we yell " conspiracy theory , " we should be aware that the architects , engineers , firefighters , and scientists offer no theory .
They provide evidence that challenges the official theory .
This evidence is not going to go away .
If expressing doubts or reservations about the official story in the 9/11 Commission Report makes a person a conspiracy theory kook , then we have to include both co-chairmen of the 9/11 Commission and the Commission 's legal counsel , all of whom have written books in which they clearly state that they were lied to by government officials when they conducted their investigation , or , rather , when they presided over the investigation conducted by executive director Philip Zelikow , a member of President George W. Bush 's transition team and Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and a co-author of Bush Secretary of State Condi " Mushroom Cloud " Rice .
There will always be Americans who will believe whatever the government tells them no matter how many times they know the government has lied to them .
Despite expensive wars that threaten Social Security and Medicare , wars based on non-existent Iraqi weapons of mass destruction , non-existent Saddam Hussein connections to al Qaida , non-existent Afghan participation in the 9/11 attacks , and the non-existent Iranian nukes that are being hyped as the reason for the next American war of aggression in the Middle East , more than half of the U.S. population still believes the fantastic story that the government has told them about 9/11 , a Muslim conspiracy that outwitted the entire Western world .
Moreover , it does n't matter to these Americans how often the government changes its story .
For example , Americans first heard of Osama bin Laden because the Bush regime pinned the 9/11 attacks on him .
Over the years video after video was served up to the gullible American public of bin Laden 's pronouncements .
Experts dismissed the videos as fakes , but Americans remained their gullible selves .
Then suddenly last year a new 9/11 " mastermind " emerged to take bin Laden 's place , the captive Khalid Sheik Mohammed , the detainee waterboarded 183 times until he confessed to masterminding the 9/11 attack .
In the Middle Ages confessions extracted by torture constituted evidence , but self - incrimination has been a no - no in the U.S. legal system since our founding .
But with the Bush regime and the Republican federal judges , whom we were assured would defend the U.S. Constitution , the self - incrimination of Sheik Mohammed stands today as the only evidence the U.S. government has that Muslim terrorists pulled off 9/11 .
If a person considers the feats attributed to Khalid Sheik Mohammed , they are simply unbelievable .
Sheik Mohammed is a more brilliant , capable superhero than V in the fantasy movie , " V for Vendetta . "
Sheik Mohammed outwitted all 16 U.S. intelligence agencies along with those of all U.S. allies or puppets , including Israel 's Mossad .
No intelligence service on earth , or all of them combined , was a match for Sheik Mohammed .
Sheik Mohammed outwitted the U.S. National Security Council , Dick Cheney , the Pentagon , the State Department , NORAD , the U.S. Air Force , and Air Traffic Control .
He caused Airport Security to fail four times in one morning .
He caused the state - of - the - art air defenses of the Pentagon to fail , allowing a hijacked airliner , which was off course all morning while the U.S. Air Force , for the first time in history , was unable to get aloft intercepter aircraft , to crash into the Pentagon .
Sheik Mohammed was able to perform these feats with unqualified pilots .
Sheik Mohammed , even as a waterboarded detainee , has managed to prevent the FBI from releasing the many confiscated videos that would show , according to the official story , the hijacked airliner hitting the Penagon .
How naive do you have to be to believe that any human , or for that matter Hollywood fantasy character , is this powerful and capable ?
If Sheik Mohammed has these superhuman capabilities , how did the incompetent Americans catch him ?
This guy is a patsy tortured into confession in order to keep the American naifs believing the government 's conspiracy theory .
What is going on here is that the U.S. government has to bring the 9/11 mystery to an end .
The government must put on trial and convict a culprit so that it can close the case before it explodes .
Anyone waterboarded 183 times would confess to anything .
The U.S. government has responded to the evidence being arrayed against its outlandish 9/11 conspiracy theory by redefining the war on terror from external to internal enemies .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said on February 21 that American extremists are now as big a concern as international terrorists .
Extremists , of course , are people who get in the way of the government 's agenda , such as the 1,000 Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth .
The group used to be 100 , now it is 1,000 .
What if it becomes 10,000 ?
Cass Sunstein , an Obama regime official , has a solution for the 9/11 skeptics :
Infiltrate them and provoke them into statements and actions that can be used to discredit or to arrest them .
But get rid of them at all cost .
Why employ such extreme measures against alleged kooks if they only provide entertainment and laughs ?
Is the government worried that they are on to something ?
Instead , why does n't the U.S. government simply confront the evidence that is presented and answer it ?
If the architects , engineers , firefighters , and scientists are merely kooks , it would be a simple matter to acknowledge their evidence and refute it .
Why is it necessary to infiltrate them with police agents and to set them up ?
Many Americans would reply that " their " government would never even dream of killing Americans by hijacking airliners and destroying buildings in order to advance a government agenda .
But on February 3 , National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair told the House Intelligence Committee that the U.S. government can assassinate its own citizens when they are overseas .
No arrest , trial , or conviction of a capital crime is necessary .
Just straight out murder .
Obviously , if the U.S. government can murder its citizens abroad it can murder them at home , and has done so .
For example , 100 Branch Davidians were murdered in Waco , Texas , by the Clinton administration for no legitimate reason .
The government just decided to use its power knowing that it could get away with it , which it did .
Americans who think " their " government is some kind of morally pure operation would do well to familiarize themselves with Operation Northwoods .
Operation Northwoods was a plot drawn up by the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff for the CIA to commit acts of terrorism in American cities and fabricate evidence blaming Castro so that the U.S. could gain domestic and international support for regime change in Cuba .
The secret plan was nixed by President John F. Kennedy and was declassified by the John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Review Board .
It is available online in the National Security Archive .
There are numerous online accounts available , including Wikipedia .
James Bamford 's book , Body of Secrets , also summarizes the plot :
" Operation Northwoods , which had the written approval of the Chairman [ Gen. Lemnitzer ] and every member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , called for innocent people to be shot on American streets ; for boats carrying refugees fleeing Cuba to be sunk on the high seas ; for a wave of violent terrorism to be launched in Washington , D.C. , Miami , and elsewhere .
People would be framed for bombings they did not commit ; planes would be hijacked .
Using phony evidence , all of it would be blamed on Castro , thus giving Lemnitzer and his cabal the excuse , as well as the public and international backing , they needed to launch their war . "
Prior to 9/11 the American neoconservatives were explicit that the wars of aggression that they intended to launch in the Middle East required " a new Pearl Harbor . "
For their own good and that of the wider world , Americans need to pay attention to the growing body of experts who are telling them that the government 's account of 9/11 fails their investigation .
9/11 launched the neoconservative plan for U.S. world hegemony .
As I write , the U.S. government is purchasing the agreement of foreign governments that border Russia to accept U.S. missile interceptor bases .
The U.S. intends to ring Russia with U.S. missile bases from Poland through central Europe and Kosovo to Georgia , Azerbaijan and central Asia .
U.S. envoy Richard Holbrooke declared on February 20 that al Qaida is moving into former central Asian constituent parts of the Soviet Union , such as Tajikistan , Kyrgyzstan , Uzbekistan , Turkmenistan , and Kazakhstan .
Holbrooke is soliciting U.S. bases in these former Soviet republics under the guise of the ever - expanding " war on terror . "
The U.S. has already encircled Iran with military bases .
The U.S. government intends to neutralize China by seizing control over the Middle East and cutting China off from oil .
This plan assumes that Russia and China , nuclear armed states , will be intimidated by U.S. anti-missile defenses and acquiesce to U.S. hegemony and that China will lack oil for its industries and military .
The U.S. government is delusional .
Russian military and political leaders have responded to the obvious threat by declaring NATO a direct threat to the security of Russia and by announcing a change in Russian war doctrine to the pre-emptive launch of nuclear weapons .
The Chinese are too confident to be bullied by a washed - up American " superpower . "
The morons in Washington are pushing the envelope of nuclear war .
The insane drive for American hegemony threatens life on earth .
The American people , by accepting the lies and deceptions of " their " government , are facilitating this outcome .
Author 's Bio : Paul Craig Roberts , a former Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury and former associate editor of the Wall Street Journal , has held numerous academic appointments .
He has been reporting shocking cases of prosecutorial abuse for two decades .
A new edition of his book , The Tyranny of Good Intentions , co-authored with Lawrence Stratton , a documented account of how Americans lost the protection of law , was published by Random House in March , 2008 .
His latest book , How The Economy Was Lost , has just been published by CounterPunch / AK Press . "
Microsoft told Windows XP users today not to press the F1 key when prompted by a Web site , as part of its reaction to an unpatched vulnerability that hackers could exploit to hijack PCs running Internet Explorer ( IE ) .
In a security advisory issued late Monday , Microsoft confirmed the unpatched bug in VBScript that Polish researcher Maurycy Prodeus had revealed Friday , offered more information on the flaw and provided some advice on how to protect PCs until a patch shipped .
" The vulnerability exists in the way that VBScript interacts with Windows Help files when using Internet Explorer , " read the advisory .
" If a malicious Web site displayed a specially crafted dialog box and a user pressed the F1 key , arbitrary code could be executed in the security context of the currently logged - on user . "
Last week , Prodeus called the bug a " logic flaw , " and said attackers could exploit it by feeding users malicious code disguised as a Windows help file -- such files have a " .hlp " extension -- then convincing them to press the F1 key when a pop- up appeared .
He rated the vulnerability as " medium " because of the required user interaction .
Windows 2000 , Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 are impacted by the bug , said Microsoft , and any supported versions of Internet Explorer ( IE ) on those operating systems -- including IE6 on Windows XP -- could be leveraged by attackers .
Previously , Prodeus had said that users running IE7 and IE8 were at risk , but had not called out IE6 .
Until a patch is ready , users can protect themselves by not pressing the F1 key if a Web site tells them to , said Microsoft .
" As an interim workaround , users are advised to avoid pressing F1 on dialogs presented from Web pages or other Internet content , " said David Ross with the Microsoft Security Response Center ( MSRC ) engineering staff in a blog entry on Monday .
" The prompt can appear repeatedly when dismissed , nagging the user to press the F1 key , " Ross added .
The security advisory made the same recommendation : " Our analysis shows that if users do not press the F1 key on their keyboard , the vulnerability cannot be exploited . "
Users can also stymie attacks by disabling Windows Help .
The advisory explained how to entering a one - line command at a Windows command - line prompt to lock down the Help system .
The company took Prodeus to task for taking the bug public , something it regularly does when researchers disclose a vulnerability or post sample attack code before a patch is available .
" Microsoft is concerned that this vulnerability was not responsibly disclosed , potentially putting customers at risk , " said Jerry Bryant , a senior manager with the MSRC , in an e-mail .
By Prodeus ' account , he notified Microsoft of the flaw Feb. 1 , about four weeks before publishing his findings .
Microsoft has not set a timeline for a fix , saying only that , " Microsoft will take the appropriate action to help protect our customers . "
The next scheduled security patch date for the company is March 9 .
Although it does not rate the severity of vulnerabilities in its advisories , Microsoft noted that hackers exploiting the VBScript flaw using Windows Help and Internet Explorer could grab complete control of a Windows system .
Customers running Windows Vista , Windows Server 2008 , Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 R2 are safe from such attacks , Microsoft said .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Home title
<< Home
On Tetrahedral Character of the Periodic System .
ADOMAH Periodic
Table is built strictly in accordance with the quantum numbers n , l , m l and m s .
It comprises four rectangular blocks : s , p , d and f , containing 16 , 36 , 40 and 28 elements respectively and it closely follows electron configurations of atoms .
Surprisingly , when elements were placed in rectangular boxes , instead of traditional square boxes , perimeters of s , p , d and f blocks became equal !
( refer to " Description " page for more discussion on proportions of the blocks ) .
Since electrons tend to form pairs and each element corresponds to one characteristic electron , it is logical to place elements in 1/2x1 rectangular cells , so two such cells would form 1x1 unit .
This adjustment resulted in block perimeters equal to 18 units :
s - block is 1 unit high and 8 units long ( or wide ) ( 1+8 = 9 , is half of the perimeter ) ; p- block is 3 units high and 6 units long ( 3+6 = 9 ) ; d- block is 5 units high and 4 units long ( 5+4 = 9 ) ; f - block is 7 units high and 2 units long ( 7 +2 = 9 ) ;
Therefore , perimeter of each block : P=2x9=18 units .
Those are the only four possible rectangles that could have perimeter of 18 ( if only natural numbers are used ) .
What can it possibly mean ?
Could it be just a coincidence ?
Apparently not , this is not a coincidence .
There is one 3D geometric shape that , if sliced in a certain way , would produce rectangles with the same proportions , orientation , alignment and order as spdf blocks of ADOMAH Periodic Table .
This shape is Regular Tetrahedron .
If a regular tetrahedron with edge E is intersected by a plane that is parallel to two opposite edges , cross section will always be a rectangle or a square with perimeter P=2E .
Proportions of fdps blocks of ADOMAH PT , as well as their sequence , alignment and orientation , suggest only one possible conclusion : all four blocks of the Periodic Table are consecutive slices of Regular Tetrahedron , with edges equal to 9 units , produced by the planes spaced 2 units apart , as measured along the edges .
There is another indication that the Periodic System has something to do with regular tetrahedron : Atomic Number of every other alkaline earth element ( Be , Ca , Ba , Ubn ... ) corresponds to every second Tetrahedral Number : 1 , 4 , 10 , 20 , 35 , 56 , 84 , 120 ...
Remaining alkaline earth elements ( Mg , Sr and Ra ) have atomic numbers that are equidistant between the Tetrahedral Numbers shown above in bold : 12=( 4+20 ) /2 , 38=( 20+56 ) /2 , 88=( 56+120 ) / 2.
Alkaline earths form the base of ADOMAH Periodic Table .
See more on this topic below .
Generally , a Periodic System of any size can be described in terms of a regular tetrahedron with edge E :
1 ) number of the periods NOP=E - 1 ;
2 ) number of values of the quantum number ' n ' : n max =E - 1
3 ) number of blocks representing subshells ( number of values of 'l ' ) : NOS=ceil ( 0.5 ( E - 1 ) ) , where ceil stands for " ceiling function " , that means " rounded to a higher integer if the result has fractional part " ( in case of even ' E ' ) .
4 ) maximum value of quantum number ' l ' : l max=ceil ( 0.5 ( E - 3 ) )
5 ) dimensions of the subshell blocks corresponding to l =0,1 ... , l max :
as measured along the periods a=4l +2 elements ; as measured along the groups b=E - ( 2l +1 ) .
6 ) number of elements in each block corresponding to quantum number l =0,1 ... , l max :
N=( 4El ) +2( E-1 ) - 8( l2+l )
7 ) length of the periods : LP =2 ( l ' + 1 ) 2 ( here , l ' is the maximum value of l for each period ) .
8 ) number of the elements ( NOE ) in the periodic system that corresponds to the tetrahedron with edge ' E ' :
, where lmax=ceil ( 0.5 ( E - 3 ) ) as defined above .
Notes :
1 . Only natural numbers shall be used for the variables ( minimum value of ' E ' is 2 , that is E=2 , 3 , 4 ... ) ; 2 . All fractional results shall be rounded to a higher integer ; 3 . Current periodic table ( up to 120 elements ) is defined by the regular tetrahedron with the edge E=9 .
The next size of the tetrahedron ( E=10 ) would describe the periodic system with up to 170 elements .
The formulae above clearly demonstrate that all major parameters of a Periodic System can be determined if the edge of the regular tetrahedron ' E ' , describing such system , is known .
Lets make one more step .
Instead of presenting each pair of elements as unit square , we will present them as unit spheres and convert the ADOMAH Tetrahedron into the stack of equal spheres , where the layers of the red spheres represent spdf blocks and each individual red sphere represents a pair of elements .
The meaning of the quantum numbers in terms of the tetrahedron stack of spheres would be as follows :
1. Quantum number ' n ' corresponds to number of planes normal to the " red edge " of the tetrahedron , which intersect the red spheres only ;
2. Quantum number 'l ' corresponds to the rectangular layers of the red spheres in the tetrahedral stack shown , including the s- block at the base of the tetrahedron that corresponds to zero 'l ' value .
3. Quantum number ' ml ' is a deviation of the centers of the rows of the red spheres from the plane of symmetry of the tetrahedron that " cuts " through the s- block and is normal to the " green " edge ;
4. Quantum number ' ms ' points either to duality of each red sphere or , perhaps , to a double tetrahedron structure .
Now we are ready to demonstrate that ADOMAH Tetrahedron is not just a curious object , but could be an extremely useful tool of the quantum theory .
Currently , the primary quantum number " n " is defined as the sequence : n = 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... , and the quantum number " l " is defined as 0 < l < ( n - 1 ) , that is : l = 0 , ... , ( lmax - 2 ) , ( lmax - 1 ) , lmax . , where lmax = n - 1 .
However , the old postulate is too simplistic .
Interrelation between the quantum number " n " and the quantum number " l " is more complex than that .
That is exactly the reason why there are no elements with the ground state electrons in subshell " g " ( corresponding to n=5 and l=4 ) in the current Periodic System .
Below are the formulae which describe the interrelation between " n " and " lmax " correctly :
9 ) if n < E/2 , lmax = n - 1 ;
9A ) if n > E/2 , lmax = E -n-1 ;
where " E " is the edge of the regular tetrahedron that describes Periodic System ( currently E=9 for the system with up to 120 elements ) .
Therefore , if n=5 , lmax = 9 - 5 - 1 = 3 , not 4 , as suggested by the old formula .
Formulae ( 9 ) and ( 9A ) shown above can be combined in one :
10 ) lmax = ( |( ceil ( |n - E / 2|+1 ) - ceil ( E/ 2 ) ) | : E= ( 2,3,4... ) , n= ( 1,2,3 , ... ) , n < E ) , where E as defined above .
This formula agrees with the empirical data better than the old lmax = n - 1 .
It naturally embodies the " n+l " rule , that eludes the explanation via the Schroedinger equation and , despite few attempts to explain it on the basis of energy , the root cause for the filling of the orbitals by the electrons in the order of " n+l " , instead of " n " , remained a mystery .
Madelung rule combines quantization of energy via the quantum number " n " and the quantization of the magnitude of the orbital angular momentum , associated with the quantum number " l " .
So far , no plausible explanation of " n+l " rule , based on the first principles , has been offered by the physicists .
This statement is supported by the fact that the second part of the equation has been missing : n+l = ?
However , this basic rule of the Periodic Law can be explained in terms of the tetrahedral sphere packing .
Looking at the tetrahedron stack above and to your right , one can easily notice that ' n+l ' numbers shown there represent the consecutive triangular layers of spheres , which begin with the single red sphere that stands for the first two elements H and He and end with 8th layer of the spheres representing elements Ac through Ubn. Aufbauprinzip ( or order of filling orbitals ) is clearly seen as the tetrahedron builds up , for example :
layer n+l=2 containing elements
Li and Be is represented by two green and one red spheres ( where the red sphere represents the pair of the elements and the green spheres are the part of the matrix ) ;
layer n+l=3 containing elements
B through Mg is represented by three red-p two green and one red -s spheres ;
layer n+l=4 containing
Al trough Ca is represented by four green , three red-p , two green and one red -s spheres , etc .
Let us find the missing part of the equation that describes the Madelung Rule .
From the formula ( 9A ) ( see above ) that defines the maximum value of the quantum number " l " :
lmax = E - n - 1 , therefore : n+l = E - 1 , where E = 2 , 3 , 4 ... represents the edge of the growing tetrahedron that reflects Bohr 's Aufbau Process .
Also , from the formula No.2 presented on this page above : E = n max +
1 . Therefore , n+l = n max , where " n max " is the maximum value of the primary quantum number " n " for each triangular layer of spheres of the growing tetrahedral stack defined as " n+l " .
This explains why the numbers shown at the bottom of the ADOMAH Periodic Table represent both " n " and " n+l " .
Let 's try the new formula n+l = E - 1 , to see if it works .
Let 's assume E=7 , current value of the edge of the expanding tetrahedron that represents first 56 elements in the Periodic Table ( see formula No.8 above ) .
From the above formula No.2 : n max =7 - 1=6 , then , from the formula No.4 : l max =0.5 ( 7 - 3 ) =2 .
Therefore , there are only three possible solutions for n+l=7-1 :
4+2=6 , 5+1=6 and 6+0=6 .
These combinations represent the red spheres in 6th triangular layer of the stack shown above , or 6th period in Janet 's Left Step and the ADOMAH Periodic Tables .
It works !
Successful application of the tetrahedral packing of spheres for the illustration of " n+l " rule , as well as the above formulae ( 9A ) and ( 10 ) , indicate that there is an additional , previously overlooked , boundary condition to solutions of the Schroedinger equation .
To your left is 3D mnemonic diagram that shows the order of filling of orbitals .
Third dimension , representing the magnetic quantum number " ml " , has become visible in addition to the quantum numbers " n " and " l " which have been traditionally used in two dimensional mnemonics .
This is how clearly the close sphere packing illustrates the aufbau principle , the Madelung rule , the quantum numbers and their interrelation .
Looking at the ADOMAH Tetrahedron Stack we can also see why double periodicity exists .
Instead of looking at the dull numbers of the quantum mechanics n , l and m l , now we have the way to see them within the geometric structure !
It allows us to visualize how quantum numbers are related to each other .
The tetrahedron does not have to stop at n+l=8 layer .
If elements 122,124,126 ... discovered , new n+l=9 layer would be started .
However , there are reasons to believe that no elements beyond 120 will be found .
The Hund 's rule , that states that the electrons fill as many different orbitals of equal energies as possible , means that the full row of red spheres corresponding to a particular shell n = 1 , 2 , 3 ... and block ( s , p , d or f ) has to be filled with single electrons first , before the doubling begins .
The stack of spheres shown above also explains why number of electrons in atomic shells corresponding to n= 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 are 2,8,18,32,32,18,8,2 and not 2,8,18,32,50,72,98,128 , as current quantum theory suggests .
The reason for the absence of the elements with ground state electrons in subshells g , h , i and j corresponding to n= 5 , 6 , 7 and 8 is obvious :
The Periodic Law follows the order of the tetrahedral sphere packing .
Here is the new general rule of the Periodic Law that is in complete agreement with the experimental data and , unlike the Madelung rule , has no exceptions :
The order of orbital filling is such that no ground state electron of an element with atomic number Z < NOE can violate boundaries for the quantum numbers " n " , " l " and " ml " defined by the imaginary regular tetrahedron , known as the ADOMAH Tetrahedron , with edge E .
where NOE is the number of elements as defined by the formula ( 8 ) shown above and E= ( 2 , 3 , 4 ... ) is the edge of the expanding regular tetrahedron that represents the filling of orbitals .
Adomah Tetrahedron Stack of Spheres also solves another scientific mystery : length of periods in Periodic Table versus number of electrons in atomic shells .
Only first three periods of the traditional IUPAC Periodic Table follow principal quantum number ' n ' ( 1st period : 1s ; 2nd period : 2s , 2 p ; 3rd period : 3s , 3 p ) .
Beginning with the forth period pattern breaks down and periods begin to include elements with the electrons in sub shells that do not correspond to the current ' n ' value ( 4th period : 4s , 3d , 4p ; 5th period : 5s , 4d , 5 p ; 6th period : 6s , 4f , 5d , 6 p ; etc. ) ADOMAH Tetrahedron clarifies this situation :
Number of the electrons in atomic shells that correspond to the quantum number ' n ' are equal to twice the number of the red spheres in the planes normal to the edge 's ' .
On the other hand , number of the elements in the periods that follow ' n+l ' rule are equal to twice the number of the red spheres in the planes parallel to the face of the tetrahedron ( n+l triangular layers shown above ) .
This clearly demonstrates that , although the sub shells associated with a period in the periodic table have different shell numbers ' n ' , the length of the periods ( 2,2,8,8,18,18,32,32 ) in the Periodic Table and the number of electrons in atomic shells ( 2,8,18,32,32,18,8,2 ) is not mere a coincidence , as some scientists believe , but direct consequence of the tetrahedral sphere packing as demonstrated by the ADOMAH Tetrahedron Stack .
In other words , those are the two different ways to slice the same tetrahedron .
It was mentioned above that Atomic Number of every other alkaline earth element ( Be , Ca , Ba , Ubn ... ) corresponds to every second Tetrahedral Number : 1 , 4 , 10 , 20 , 35 , 56 , 84 , 120 ...
Remaining alkaline earth elements ( Mg , Sr and Ra ) have atomic numbers that are equidistant between the Tetrahedral Numbers shown above in bold : 12=( 4+20 ) /2 , 38=( 20+56 ) /2 , 88=( 56+120 ) / 2 .
This deviation from the Tetrahedral Numbers occurs for the following reason : Tetrahedral numbers are derived by adding triangular numbers while assembling the tetrahedron as stack of triangular layers of spheres , but the Atomic Numbers of Alkaline earth metals can be arrived at by adding only red spheres in those triangular layers and multiplying them by 2 .
There is always equal number of red and green spheres in bicolor tetrahedral stack that has even number of spheres at its base .
Same is not true for a tetrahedron that has odd number of spheres at its base .
The fact that remaining alkaline earth metals have atomic numbers that are equidistant between the tetrahedral numbers shown above in bold ( 12= ( 4+20 ) /2 , 38=( 20+56 ) / 2 and 88=( 56+120 ) / 2 ) has direct connection to Atomic Number Triads .
This relationship carries through the periodic table and explains , for example , why Be - Mg - Ca and Ca - Sr - Ba form perfect atomic triads , but Mg - Ca - Sr and Sr - Ba - Ra do not .
Similarly , Al - Ga - In and In - Te - Uut form atomic number triads , while B - Al - Ga and Ga - In - Te do not .
It is also quite interesting that the single row of the red spheres at the base of the stack , representing alkaline earth metals , could be used as a reference for the chemical properties of all other elements .
For example : atomic numbers of alkali metals can be derived by subtracting 1 from the atomic numbers of the corresponding alkaline earths and atomic numbers of noble gases can be derived by subtracting 2 from the atomic numbers of the alkaline earth elements , etc. Hence , 2 ( He ) =4 ( Be ) - 2 , where He is a noble gas , just like 10 ( Ne ) =12 ( Mg ) - 2 , although electronic structure of He is that of alkaline earth metal .
Similarly , 1 ( H ) =4 ( Be ) - 3 , just as 9 ( F ) =12 ( Mg ) - 3 , and so on .
That is how H - F - Cl and He - Ne - Ar atomic number triads can be arrived at .
It is quite possible that the ADOMAH Tetrahedron utility is not limited only to the electronic population of the atoms .
As it was described by J. Garai in " Double Tetrahedron Structure of the Nucleus " and later by X .
Borg on his web site " Blaze Labs Research " , tetrahedral packing of spheres has direct connection with the so - called magic numbers 2 , 8 , 20 , 28 , 50 , 82 , 126 first discovered by nuclear physicist Maria Goeppert - Mayer and which play a central role in Nuclear Shell Theory .
And indeed , when the Tetrahedron stack is building up row by row , numbers 1 , 4 , 10 , 14 , 25 , 41 and 63 emerge .
Those numbers multiplied by 2 are the , so called , magic numbers which are the basis for the Nuclear Shell Theory .
The tetrahedron sphere packing row by row yields following sequence :
1 , 2 , 1 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 7 ... ,
if you add numbers above you will get :
1 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 14 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 25 , 29 , 32 , 34 , 35 , 41 , 46 , 50 , 53 , 55 , 56 , 63 ...
multiply the above sequence by two ( X2 ) , result is following :
2 , 6 , 8 , 14 , 18 , 20 , 28 , 34 , 38 , 40 , 50 , 58 , 64 , 68 , 70 , 82 , 92 , 100 , 106 , 110 , 112 , 126 ...
The underlined numbers above are the Magic Numbers .
Seven ( 7 ) of them out of twenty two ( 22 ) .
Those who are familiar with the energy levels obtained in nuclear - shell theory ( typically presented as " energy above well bottom " image ) know that there are twenty two ( 22 ) energy levels , seven ( 7 ) of which yield the magic numbers !
Moreover , there are seven more numbers generated by the tetrahedral sphere packing that coincide with the nuclear shell energy levels : 6 , 14 , 38 , 40 , 58 , 64 , 100 .
That is 14 out of 22 numbers ( 64 % ) of the energy level match with the sphere packing results .
Most of the remaining eight numbers deviate slightly .
For more information on nuclear tetrahedral symmetry refer to following articles :
J. Dudek et al , " Nuclear Tetrahedral Symmetry : Possibly Present Throughout the Periodic Table "
J. Dudek et al , " Nuclei With Tetrahedral Symmetry "
N. Schunck et al , " Rotation of Tetrahedral Nuclei in the Cranking Model "
N. Schunck et al , " Tetrahedral Symmetry in Ground - and Low - Lying States of Exotic A ~ 110 Nuclei "
N. Schunck , " Nuclear Tetrahedral Symmetry "
J. Dudek et al , " Atomic Nuclei with Tetrahedral and Octahedral Symmetries "
Perhaps Adomah Periodic
Table in its 3D form is that missing key that physicists need for complete understanding of atomic nucleus .
<< Home - Next >>
Is Dubai murder an own goal for Israel ?
By Jonathan Marcus
BBC News Diplomatic Correspondent
Alleged suspects dressed in tennis gear before Mr Mabhouh was killed " A tactical success but a strategic failure " - that is how one Israeli newspaper described the operation to kill Hamas figure Mahmoud al - Mabhouh .
The operation was clinical .
The hit - team successfully escaped Dubai .
But they left telltale traces .
The false foreign passports used by the alleged team of secret agents have been identified and six of them are British .
That is diplomatic problem number one .
Israel has used fake British passports in its operations before ; Israel was cautioned about this by the British authorities in 1987 .
Problem number two is identity theft .
The passports used the names of real people , British citizens , with dual nationality , who happen to live in Israel , who had absolutely no knowledge of what was going on .
Finger - pointing
The British government has a responsibility to its passport holders wherever they live .
We 've got to carry out a full investigation into this
Gordon Brown
British Prime Minister
These people have been put in an invidious position by somebody .
The British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is not pointing the finger at anyone yet .
But speaking to a local radio station in London - LBC 97.3 FM - he made it clear that his government wants answers .
" We 've got to carry out a full investigation into this , " he said .
" The British passport is an important document that has got to be held with care .
" The evidence has got to be assembled about how it actually happened and why it happened and it's necessary for us to accumulate that evidence before we can make statements . "
That may suffice for now , but it is clear that the political pressure on him is growing .
Summons ?
The shadow foreign secretary , William Hague , has also called for answers .
Avigdor Lieberman has not denied Israeli involvement outright " The reports that the identities of real British citizens have been cloned to produce forged passports is a matter of great concern , " he said .
He has set out a number of questions about the affair which he wants Gordon Brown to answer .
Other British parliamentarians have weighed in too , one calling for Israel 's Ambassador to be summoned to the Foreign Office .
For now Britain is looking to establish the facts of the case .
French , German and Irish passports were also apparently used in the operation and those governments will also be wanting some answers .
Nobody yet of course has any proof - positive as to who carried out the operation .
Israel 's Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has not denied Israeli involvement outright , saying merely that Israel has a " policy of ambiguity " on intelligence matters and that there was no proof that it was behind the assassination .
External criticism
There may be no " smoking gun " .
Nonetheless what you might call the " smouldering passports " - or at least their electronic scans - suggest that Israel has some questions to answer .
Police say Mr Mabhouh was murdered in a Dubai hotel room
Over recent years there has been growing external criticism of Israel which has hardened in the wake of the Gaza War .
Many in Israel see this as an explicit campaign to de-legitimise their country and even friendly foreign governments have engaged with Israel to explore how its deteriorating image can be improved .
If Israel was indeed behind this assassination then some , even in Israel , may well suggest that they have scored a costly own goal .
Hamas killing Police in Dubai have released images of 27 people they believe are behind the killing of a senior Hamas commander .
The suspects are accused of using fake passports bearing their own pictures , but the names of innocent citizens .
Twelve of the passports used were British ( shown on previous slide ) .
The other 15 on the list are reported to have used stolen identities from Australian , French , Irish and German citizens .
The 27th suspect used the alias Joshua Aaron Krycer - a stolen Australian identity ( pictured left ) .
Police say the suspects used their fake documents to travel to Dubai in groups , flying from Zurich , Rome , Paris and Frankfurt .
One of the victims of the identity theft was British - Israeli Paul John Keeley ( pictured right ) .
The passport used by one of the suspected assassins bore his name , but featured a photograph of another man ( pictured left ) .
Palestinian militant Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 20 January .
Police claim one of the suspects , pictured on the left , went to a hotel to put on a disguise .
He is seen leaving a toilet wearing a wig .
Surveillance cameras also recorded Mr Mabhouh , circled in red above , at the hotel 's reception before his death .
At the bottom of the image the head of one of the suspects can be seen .
As Mr Mabhouh leaves , the suspect follows .
Mr Mabhouh is trailed into the lift by a number of the suspects , including two pictured here in tennis gear .
Investigators believe he had been followed from Syria to Dubai where it is thought he wanted to buy weapons for Hamas .
When Mr Mabhouh leaves the lift , police say two of the suspects can be seen following him down the corridor .
He was later found dead in his room .
A post -mortem report said he had been electrocuted and suffocated .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Here ’s the first full solo performance I ’ve tried with scheme bricks – I missed Alex ’s sounds but it ’s great footage , thanks go to the goto10 streaming / recording crew .
More of my thoughts on the festival in general here .
The more , the better .
That ’s the fashionable recipe for nurturing new ideas these days .
It emphasizes a kind of Internet - era egalitarianism that celebrates the “ wisdom of the crowd ” and “ open innovation . ”
Assemble all the contributions in the digital suggestion box , we ’re told in books and academic research , and the result will be collective intelligence .
Yet Apple , a creativity factory meticulously built by Steven P. Jobs since he returned to the company in 1997 , suggests another innovation formula — one more elitist and individual .
This approach is reflected in the company ’s latest potentially game - changing gadget , the iPad tablet , unveiled last week .
It may succeed or stumble but it clearly carries the taste and perspective of Mr. Jobs and seems stamped by the company ’s earlier marketing motto : Think Different .
Apple represents the “ auteur model of innovation , ” observes John Kao , a consultant to corporations and governments on innovation .
In the auteur model , he said , there is a tight connection between the personality of the project leader and what is created .
Movies created by powerful directors , he says , are clear examples , from Alfred Hitchcock ’s “ Vertigo ” to James Cameron ’s “ Avatar . ”
“ They had a tire behind the seat just to prop it up , so it really was n’t very safe , ” he said .
But it was n’t much of problem , because Mr. Conaty was attending Fordham in the Bronx and did n’t drive much .
Then he got a ’ 63 Chevy Corvair convertible , a car that the consumer advocate Ralph Nader called a deathtrap .
“ I had that for a while after college , ” Mr. Conaty said , conceding his affection for the car .
“ Then I started reading Consumer Reports and getting smart about cars . ”
The last few years , Mr. Conaty has relied on a series of Mercury Sables for most of his everyday driving .
But he never stopped dreaming about a Nash .
So in 2003 , Mr. Conaty rejoined the Nash club — he had been a member as a boy — and went to a club meet in Scranton , Pa .
He asked around about a car .
Sure enough , someone knew of someone who had died , making a red- and - cream Ambassador available .
“ I called and made the deal , ” Mr. Conaty said , noting his impulsiveness .
“ I made the offer without driving it .
And when I finally drove it , there were no brakes .
I mean to - the - floor no brakes .
But I did n’t care . ”
Mr. Conaty got the brakes fixed and over the next 13,000 miles — the odometer now reads 66,000 — he has n’t had much to complain about .
The Ambassador Custom has several distinguishing characteristics .
First , there ’s the big and bulbous shape .
Nash gave a name , Airflyte , to the look .
Introduced for the 1949 model year , it was Nash ’s first postwar design , and it featured enclosed front wheels for improved aerodynamics .
Nash also increased the turning radius .
“ When you make a U - turn you kind of have to phone ahead , ” Mr. Conaty said as he tried to execute the maneuver on a wide , quiet street .
“ I ’m not going to make it , ” he said before resorting to a three - point turn .
These books by Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington are virtually unobtainable nowadays , and are here presented as a public service .
Click
Here for an illuminating appreciation of the part played by Eddington 's eclipse expedition of 1919 in the vindication of general relativity .
Here are four of Eddington 's most celebrated books :
Click Here for an MS - Word file of ' The Nature of the Physical World ' .
Click Here for an MS - Word file of ' The Philosophy of Physical Science ' .
Click Here for PDFs of the chapters of ' Relativity Theory of Protons and Electrons ' .
Click Here for PDFs of the chapters of ' Fundamental Theory ' .
( Natural News )
The pharmaceutical industry is attempting to convince the public that a variety of normal conditions affecting the majority of women should be classified as " female sexual dysfunction " and treated with drugs .
The medical establishment has a long history of treating the female body as sexually dysfunctional , from when Hippocrates first attributed " hysteria " to a wandering uterus .
According to JoAnn Wypijewski , former senior editor of , this perspective fell out of favor with the sexual revolution of the 1970s but has since re-emerged .
" Today the cultural air is thick with sex , but the rhetoric of freedom and rights largely serves a commodified notion of sexual satisfaction , " Wypijewski said .
" The politics has dropped out , and without politics we 're all just ... potential patients .
" A 2005 article in the medical journalnoted the emergence of drugs intended to treat " female sexual dysfunction . "
In spite of skepticism from the medical establishment , the pharmaceutical industry has pressed ahead , insisting that conditions such as an inability to regularly achieve orgasm through intercourse alone , low levels of sexual desire , and sexual dissatisfaction are medical disorders in need of treatment .
All these conditions are normal for women at various points throughout their lives .
Yet proponents of the label " female sexual dysfunction " claim that anywhere from 43 percent to 70 percent of women are actually ill ; Oprah has called it as an " epidemic .
"
The cure , according to the pharmaceutical industry , is testosterone treatment or other drugs .
Meanwhile , Wypijewski notes that rates of " vaginal rejuvenation " ( tightening ) among middle - aged women and " laser labiaplasty " ( reshaping of the labia ) among younger women continue to rise .
A doctor in North Carolina even offers to implant an electrode in women 's spinal columns to help them achieve orgasm during sex " Female sexual dysfunction , it turns out , was wholly created by drug companies , " Wypijewski said .
" The more obstinate question is ... whether a resistant politics can grow up to say ... ' We want out ' of the profit system and ... out of a medical model that elevates a doctor over ... a more sensual ease with oneself and others .
" Sources for this story include : www.alternet.org
maybe not the right place to ask , but has Keith addressed yet the fact that both of his gf and his b…
[ caution : site can be NSFW ]
Selected reader submissions will be featured on this site
UPDATE 4.21 pm : WYNDHAM
Mayor Heather Marcus says the council is still to decide whether it will ban exercising pigeons at certain times of day and leaving dogs unattended in frontyards .
The Herald Sun reported yesterday that the bylaws had been introduced by Wyndham Council last month .
But despite the proposals being drafted , Cr Marcus said the council was undecided on the issue and would not vote on the laws until after the submission period closed on March 25 .
The vote would be put to council in the following weeks , she said .
The proposed bylaws could join changes imposed by councils to exert further control on their ratepayers .
The Herald Sun reviewed local government laws to compile a list of the wackiest rules Victorians are expected to abide by .
Baffled by a crazy council bylaw ?
Tell us about it in the comments below
In Bass Coast shire , families were shocked to learn they needed a $ 100 permit for children to camp in their own back yards .
Geelong residents can be fined for feeding ducks or throwing stones into a public lake .
In Whittlesea , garage sales can't be advertised until the day of the sale and if the signs are n't removed by the end of the day the seller would get a $ 234 fine for each sign .
Pigeon keeper Frank de Pasqvale said new times for exercising pigeons in Wyndham would make the birds easy targets for eagles .
He said it also would be difficult for owners who had work and personal commitments during those hours .
" It 'll make a big difference .
The birds probably would n't get as much exercise , " he said .
Liberty Victoria president Michael Pearce , SC , said the proposals were " silly " and probably intended to outlaw certain activities , but had unwittingly made ordinary residents criminals .
" The ( councils ) tend to use a dragnet approach .
They cast the net very wide to make sure they catch the activity they 're trying to stop and in doing so they stop a lot of harmless activity .
A good example is the camping , " he said .
" It 's bad practice for these councils to be passing or leaving on their book the bylaws that make a lot of harmless activity illegal .
" They need to be more astute in the way they draft their bylaws so they ( pinpoint ) the activity they 're trying to stop and not the harmless activities . "
Mr Pearce said council bylaws needed to be reviewed every couple of years to avoid draconian laws still remaining in municipalities .
" I think it would be good governance for all councils to have regular periodic reviews of their bylaws to work out which should remain on their books , which should be repealed or amended , " he said .
Municipal Association of Victoria president Cr Bill McArthur said council bylaws were developed " in consultation with the community to fill an identified gap in specific community safety and behavioural expectations " .
" Local laws must be consistent with existing legislation and regulations , and councils are required to give public notification and seek community feedback before finalising a local law , " he said .
Originally published as Hurting the harmless
The demise of The Exile began , as so many demises have in Russia , with an official letter .
Faxed to the offices of the newspaper late on a Friday afternoon the spring before last from somewhere within the bowels of Rossvyazokhrankultura , the Russian Federal Service for Mass Media , Telecommunications , and Cultural Heritage Protection , it announced the imminent “ conducting of an unscheduled action to check the observance of the legislation of the Russian Federation on mass media . ”
The Exile , a Moscow - based , English - language biweekly , stood accused of violating Article Four of that legislation by encouraging extremism , spreading pornography , or promoting drug use .
The letter scheduled the unscheduled action to take place between May 13 and June 11 .
This being Russia , it was n’t faxed until May 22 .
An Exile sales director , about to leave for the day , received the fax and phoned an editor , who called the real target of the letter , Exile founder and editor in chief Mark Ames , at that moment a world away in Los Gatos , California .
Ames in turn promptly called a few lawyers in Moscow , who warned him he might be arrested if he returned .
Someone , apparently , had it out for The Exile .
But who ?
Ames likes to indulge a grandiose paranoia whenever possible , and did .
A functionary ?
An enraged oligarch ?
Someone on President Dmitry Medvedev ’s staff , or , more to the point , in Prime Minister Vladimir Putin ’s circle of spooks ?
(* The Exile ’*s first cover story on Putin , in 1999 , grafted the man ’s head onto the body of a latex - clad dominatrix over the headline putin commands mother russia : kneel ! )
Egotism aside , the possibilities were in fact endless .
Since its debut , in 1997 , The Exile , which read like the bastard progeny of Spy magazine and an X - rated version of Poor Richard ’s Almanack , had pilloried , in the foulest terms possible , almost everyone of importance , and no importance , in Russia , and had made a point of violating not one but all of Article Four ’s provisions .
But everyone knew that .
So why now ?
No one seemed to know that .
The one thing that Ames did know : he was going back to Moscow .
Putin ’s Russia is an infinitely more dangerous place for journalists than the crumbling country that had drawn
Ames 15 years before from the same suburban town where he paced about now , but still it was Russia , and not America , that was his spiritual home .
It was not for nothing he ’d named his paper The Exile .
Several days after Ames returned to Moscow , the dour Federal Service officials , three men led by a woman , arrived at the paper ’s office .
When they walked in , a staffer old enough to remember some of the worst parts of the Soviet era , crossed herself and simply ran from the office , Ames says .
The officials questioned Ames for more than three hours , going through issue after issue of The Exile , by turns offended , disgusted , baffled .
Ames suppressed his urge to start cursing at the officials in mat , Russian ’s profane slang , as he watched them thumb through his life ’s work , but his restraint meant little : news of the interrogation soon got out , and stories appeared in the Russian press , The Wall Street Journal , and Reuters .
Ames ’s investors broke off contact .
The distributors stopped sending trucks .
“ They worried that everybody would be sent to Siberia , ” Exile sales director Zalina Abdusalamova says .
Just like that , * The Exile ’*s era was over .
Ames is angry — he ’s often angry — about how it all ended .
He ’d always pictured some exultant , bloody end for The Exile .
But he ca n’t claim to be surprised .
“ I always assumed that every issue would be the last , ” he says .
Indeed , it ’s a mystery to many why Mark Ames did n’t end up in jail or a grave years ago .
In its time The Exile was arguably the most abusive , defamatory , un-evenhanded , and crassest publication in Russia , and Ames and his staff had paid for that fact , or at least for the fact that they were arrogant reprobates , many times before .
Columnist Edward Limonov , the 66 - year - old political provocateur in whom the Federal Service officials were particularly interested , filed his copy from prison for two years after being convicted of possessing arms , which he admits he intended to smuggle into Kazakhstan in an effort to incite a coup there .
Writer Kevin McElwee , an American expatriate , had both legs broken when he was torn from the side of a building he was scaling to escape an angry mob of Muscovites , an incident that had nothing to do with anything he ’d written — McElwee , * The Exile ’ *s film reviewer , was just a rambunctious drunk .
On another occasion , a deranged and slighted man sent a letter promising to kill the “ frat boy ” Ames .
Ames in turn published an editorial urging the loon to instead off his co-editor , Matt Taibbi .
True , the many death threats
Ames received took less of a physical toll on him than loading up on Viagra and attempting to bed nine Moscow prostitutes in nine hours , which he wrote about to commemorate * The Exile ’ *s ninth anniversary , but that was only because Ames approached the assignment with a rigor befitting a Consumer Reports exposé —
“ There really was no other way to tell whether these drugs actually worked , ” he recalls with sincerity and audible exhaustion .
# 918414 +( 2116 ) - [ X ] digicow : I 'm gonna train my children to say sudo instead of please
It ’s surprising to think that two astronauts on the brink of leaving Earth would have either the time or inclination to respond to mail from enthusiasts , but that ’s exactly what happened in May of 1969 when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin replied to a young Belgian by the name of Jean Etienne .
Jean ’s father – an amateur radio operator – was eager to pick up the crew ’s radio transmissions from the Moon and so Jean , clearly an optimist , seized the opportunity to ask them personally by post .
Below is their response , complete with the frequencies required by Jean ’s father and some information about the spacecraft ’s heat shield that makes the operation sound – to the layman at least – worryingly lo-tech .
Of course the tape and staples held everything in place , and two months later Armstrong and Aldrin became the first humans to step foot on the Moon .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
MANNED SPACECRAFT CENTER
HOUSTON , TEXAS 77058 IN REPLY REFER TO : CB MAY 22 1969 Jean Etienne
rue Joseph - Bovy , 17
Embourg ( Liege )
Belgium Dear Jean :
Thank you very much for your letter to Colonel Aldrin and myself .
The shield is made of a number of types of insulating materials such as aluminum foil — and a number of different types of thin plastic sheets of various colors .
They are fastened to the spacecraft with metal fasteners , tape , and staples .
The same kind of insulation will be used on the moon landing .
There are a number of different transmitters , all of low power .
Frequencies are as follows : 2101.8 M Hz
2287.5 M Hz
2272.5 M Hz
2106.4 M Hz
2282.5 M Hz
259.7 M Hz
296.8 M Hz Again , thank you for your interest in writing to us .
Sincerely , ( Signed , ‘ Neil Armstrong ’ ) Neil A. Armstrong
NASA Astronaut ( Signed , ‘ Edwin E. Aldrin Jr ’ ) Edwin E. Aldrin , Jr .
Colonel , USAF
NASA Astronaut
Woman Develops Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder After Wii Fit Injury
Thursday , April 15 , 2010
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT
A U.K. woman has been diagnosed with persistent genital arousal disorder after falling off her Wii Fit board and damaging a nerve , the Toronto Sun reported .
Amanda Flowers , who lives in Manchester , England , said she has sexual urges up to 10 times a day since she fell .
A doctor confirmed her diagnosis .
" It began as a twinge down below , before surging through my body , " Flowers told a U.K. newspaper .
" Sometimes it built up into a trembling orgasm . "
PGAD is defined as persistent sexual arousal syndrome as " intense feelings of genital congestion and sensations that are typically unaccompanied by any conscious awareness of sexual desire , " according to Dr. Sandra Leiblum , who coined the term several years ago .
Leiblum is the former director of the Center for Sexual and Relationship Health at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in New Jersey .
In the Journal of Sexual Medicine , Leiblum writes that sexual activities intended to relieve the symptoms can reinforce the sensations or provide only temporary relief .
In fact , Leiblum told FoxNews.com , the sensations can last hours or even days , and they truly are unwanted and intrusive .
The condition gained national attention when it was featured two years ago on " 20/20 " and in an episode of " Grey ’s Anatomy . "
Click here to read more on this story from the Toronto Sun .
Click here to read more on PGAD .
This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum , where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business .
If you 've already searched for some Fan Page inspiration and undertaken the task of building a custom landing page for your business 's Facebook presence , you may now be in the market for some features that will further engage your fans .
A nice feature of the modern social web is that it 's modular .
You can plug in and customize pre-made pieces of software ( often created by other users or companies ) , and mix and match what works best for you without a lot of technical know - how .
Facebook works the same way with apps .
Many Facebook apps are built for casual use , like the social games and quizzes you may see your friends using in their personal feeds .
But there are quite a few apps that are ideal for a business Fan Page .
These are useful for customizing your page with greater detail , showcasing your content from other social sites and getting more information from your customers .
Here are five essential Facebook apps that your business may want to take for a spin .
1. Static FBML for Your Page Sidebar
We 've already discussed how the Static FBML app can be used to make your Fan Page a unique destination .
But this versatile plugin can also bring some interactivity to the column that appears on the left - hand side of your page .
Vertical , left - hand navigation is something users expect to find on most websites .
They will be comfortable looking there for additional links , promotions and contact details .
Moving a Static FBML box over to the left - hand column is a great way to exploit this valuable real estate .
Here 's how to do it .
If you have n't already done so , add the app to your Fan Page and make sure it 's functioning as a " Box " rather than a " Tab . "
Add content to your box using standard HTML .
Graphics cannot be uploaded to Facebook here , so you must reference them from a URL — likely one on your own hosted website or blog .
For a sidebar , think about adding some clean graphic buttons or icons that link out to other destinations your fans would be interested in , such as your company website , blog or Twitter account .
This sidebar will be visible no matter what Fan Page tab your visitors are on , so consider using graphic elements that coincide with your existing logo and color scheme .
Once your content is added and saved , it will appear as a box on the " Boxes " tab .
Head over there to ensure that your HTML has rendered properly .
If so , click the " Pencil " in the top - right corner of the box and select " Move To Wall Tab . "
This will display your content in the left - hand navigation of your page .
Contests and giveaways are a great way to engage people with your brand , especially on the social web .
A chance at some free stuff is one of the top reasons people follow and friend brands in the first place .
The Promotions app makes it easy to build and publish a contest on Facebook in a way that is inherently social and shareable .
Promotions is different from many Facebook apps in that the content you create for it lives on the developer 's website .
This makes it a versatile tool , but you 'll have to sign up for a free account at wildfireapp.com .
Once you create an account and connect the registered app to Facebook , the promotions you generate on WildFire will populate the tab on your Fan Page .
Promotions are easily built through a step - by - step process .
Provide the dates of the contest , the types of prizes , the fields for the entry form , specific parameters about contest entry and rules , and upload any additional artwork you want to include .
A nice advantage of having contest data centralized on WildFire is that it can be sourced out to other social networks , and even to your own company website .
Any changes or additions you make to your promotions will dynamically update on all of the locations where your customers and fans find you on the web .
Note , the cost to publish a basic promotional campaign through Wildfire is $ 5 , plus $.99 for each day the campaign is active .
Additional packages with more customization and publishing options are available .
If you already have great content from your company 's blog or another social network that you 'd like to bring to the fore of your Facebook presence , Social RSS is a smart tool .
You can configure this app to automatically pull in updates from any RSS or ATOM feed and display them as posts on your Fan Page , either on a dedicated tab , a wall tab ( on the left side ) or as part of your core news feed .
It 's a useful way to automate your content and eliminate the need to republish things manually to your Facebook Page .
Take note , however , that fans on social networks are much more responsive to curated content .
Especially on Facebook , where people connect to a smaller community of personal friends and family , an unfiltered pipeline of RSS content may not be welcome in all news feeds .
If your core customers are already subscribed to your blog and other social accounts , a double - dose of the same exact content may trigger some to hide your updates or " un-fan " you .
Consider relegating your Social RSS feed to a tab if this is the case .
Test where and how an app like Social RSS is best implemented on Facebook , and adjust as needed depending on the size and response of your audience .
Sometimes you just need a little feedback .
That 's what social engagement is all about , right ?
On Facebook , it does n't get any simpler than the Poll app .
There 's no account to sign up for .
Once you connect it to your Page , all the setup and data lives right in your settings panel .
A poll can be a casual way to get a read from your fans about a new product , a new page design , or your business in general .
In the poll settings , simply name your burning question ( What do you think of our new spicy burritos ? ) , list your choices ( Delicious , Pretty Tasty , Needs Work , Offensive ) and select your publishing options .
Polls can be published to your Page wall / feed , live on a custom tab or be popped into your left - hand navigation where visitors can click anytime they come to your Page .
You can invite your friends to take a poll , and they can easily share it out as they would any other post or app .
Both you and your visitors can see the poll results without leaving Facebook .
Publishing a weekly poll about new products or changes in your industry is a great way to keep fans coming back to your Page and talking about your brand .
If creating video content is part of your business 's social media strategy ( and we recommend it should be ) you can squeeze more views out of your productions by dedicating a Fan Page tab to your YouTube channel .
That 's exactly what the YouTube for Pages app does .
To activate the app , you 'll have to set up a free account at the developer website involver .
Once it 's connected to your Fan Page , simply input the YouTube channel you 'd like to pull videos from ( it could be your own or anyone else 's ) , pick a few more settings , and you 're all set .
The app " features " your most recent upload or favorite , and displays thumbnails for previous videos on a simple , clean interface .
The videos play directly on Facebook of course , so fans can watch without ever leaving your Fan Page .
Just be sure to add the tab in the app's " Application Settings . "
For more business coverage , follow Mashable Business on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More business resources from Mashable :
Ogg and the multimedia container format struggle
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
Video codecs attract most of the attention in the multimedia format wars , from Theora adoption in HTML5 to debates about the subjective quality and objective technical demands of Dirac versus H.264 .
But the oft - overlooked container format is just as important ; it adds overhead , it determines seekability , subtitle support , and other important features , and it can introduce patent - licensing issues for open source projects .
Xiph.org 's
Ogg container format is the most well - known in open source , though as recent events show it has its critics and its competition .
Ogg has been under development since the beginnings of Xiph.org in 1994 , and was originally designed for use with the Vorbis audio codec .
As the Xiph project undertook additional codecs , Ogg continued to evolve to support them .
FFmpeg developer Mans Rullgard posted a lengthy criticism of Ogg on his personal blog in March , accusing the format of falling short in six areas : poor generality , excessive overhead , high end - to - end latency , lack of random - access seeking , ill - defined timestamps , and unnecessary complexity .
Rullgard cites examples from the specification and several " typical usage " numbers to support his claims .
Ogg debates
As the blog post was picked up , debate about the merits of the complaints quickly erupted in the comments and on web discussion forums .
Several commenters chided Rullgard for claiming that Ogg 's latency and seek times were unsuitably " bad " without citing any numbers from other formats for comparison , and for overstating the size of the problem ( such as the overhead created by Ogg 's headers at close to 1 % ) or its relative importance .
On some points , there was more of a genuine disagreement on principle , however .
Rullgard said that Ogg wastes space by using a full byte for the " version " field , where a single flag bit would suffice .
Xiph's Greg Maxwell explained in the Reddit discussion of the article that a byte is used for the field in order to keep the header structure byte - aligned for simplicity .
Maxwell also disagreed with Rullgard 's assertion that Ogg 's 32 - bit checksum was a waste of space , noting that Ogg also uses a 32 - bit capture pattern at the beginning of each page , as opposed to the 64 - bit capture pattern in FFmpeg 's NUT format — thus using the same number of bits , but providing error - detection " for free . "
Rullgard also argues that Ogg 's ability to concatenate different streams one - after - another creates undue complexity for the decoder , without providing any practical benefit .
But one blog commenter claimed to take advantage of this feature when ripping CDs with seamless track transitions .
Xiph's Christopher " Monty " Montgomery replied at length in the Slashdot discussion of the critique , admitting that Ogg has its flaws , and conceding that several design decisions made years ago would be made differently today , but attributing more of Rullgard 's complaints to long - standing bad blood between the projects .
Moreover , he said , even with its flaws , Ogg remains the best free option for important cases like streaming video .
Neither the popular MP4 nor Matroska container formats are well - suited for streaming ( particularly live streaming ) , and MP4 is also patent - encumbered .
Additionally , he said , making changes to the Ogg format as suggested by Rullgard might improve performance at high - bitrate video , but would be detrimental to low - bitrate and audio payloads where Ogg excels .
Further work
Montgomery said that after the Rullgard blog post gained attention , Xiph decided that part of the problem with its reception was poor documentation on the Ogg format .
He subsequently began rewriting and expanding the documentation , some of which is already available online .
There are changes that Xiph would like to make , he added , as well as ongoing work in the metadata layer .
" One of the legitimately weird things about Ogg is that we knew metadata was going to be a source of constant flux , so we moved as much as we possibly could out of the container itself .
The Ogg container only does framing and delivery . [ ...]
Most folks are used to this being part of the container , and so consider it ' part of Ogg ' which it is n't really . "
The Ogg Skeleton project is the primary focus in this area .
Skeleton is essentially a " metadata track " that can hold information like MIME - types , protocol messages , and timestamps to allow the decoder to easily seek within the media .
A Skeleton track could then be multiplexed or interleaved within an Ogg container file , alongside video and audio tracks .
Skeleton 's timestamping capabilities are documented at the Ogg Index page , and are introduced in Skeleton 3.3 .
A sample indexer called OggIndex is available , and both the ffmpeg2theora converter and development builds of Firefox support it .
Montgomery concludes his Slashdot comments by noting that breaking compatibility with the existing hardware and software Ogg decoders ( most of which see only Vorbis and Theora content ) is probably not going to happen until the next major new codec release from Xiph.org .
The competition
Regardless of whether one finds any or all of Rullgard 's criticisms valid , there are other container format options out there for content providers .
The most popular on the Internet writ large is the .MP4 file , which is properly known as MPEG - 4 Part 14 , and was approved by ISO as ISO / IEC 14496 - 14:2003 .
A part of the larger MPEG - 4 specification , MPEG - 4 Part 14 is a revision of two earlier standards , MPEG - 4 Part 1 and MPEG - 4 Part 12 .
Part 14 is based on the QuickTime container format created by Apple and recognized by the .MOV file extension .
It can hold content in any codec ( including free codecs like Vorbis and Theora ) , although there is a " registered " codec list maintained by the MPEG .
There is a degree of uncertainty regarding the ability to write MPEG - 4 Part 14 decoders , however .
The rest of the MPEG - 4 specification , like all MPEG standards , is patented , and implementations must adhere to the license terms made available by the MPEG - LA licensing authority .
Part 14 was once available as part of the MPEG - 4 Systems patent pool , which has subsequently been withdrawn .
Many people on mailing lists and discussion forums assume that the format is free to implement since it is not explicitly mentioned in the remaining MPEG - 4 patent pools : " MPEG - 4 Visual " and " AVC / H.264 , " but this is not officially stated .
MPEG - LA makes it difficult to find specific information about specific patents in its technologies , preferring instead to steer all customers into the " patent pool " products instead .
The ISO specification , which should document specific patent claims , is only available to paying customers .
When asked , MPEG - LA representatives said that they did not know the specific status of Part 14 in the current patent pools .
The Matroska format , like Ogg , was created to serve as an open , patent - unencumbered container .
The two formats do differ in emphasis , a fact that both projects readily acknowledge .
Whereas Ogg was designed alongside Vorbis with streaming audio as its primary use case , Matroska was designed to support as many codecs as possible .
Xiph.org says that Matroska has better support for seeking , editing files , and using menus and chapter markers , while Matroska says that Ogg is superior at streaming media delivery ( for example , Matroska only recently added support for interleaving frames from different tracks ) .
Matroska was launched in 2002 as a derivative of the older Multimedia Container Format ( MCF ) .
The copyright on the specification and the trademark of the name Matroska are both held by CoreCodec , Inc. , but the specification is available free - of - charge .
A reference library is available for download under the LGPL , and a " core parser " is offered upon request under the BSD license .
The format is generally seen with the .MKV file extension for video content , although .MKA for audio is also valid .
The NUT file format Maxwell mentioned on Reddit was created by developers on the FFmpeg and MPlayer teams , but appears to be supported only in that project .
The NUT project site is sparse , with a broken link to the actual specification , but there is a mailing list that indicates that development is still underway , albeit slowly .
Montgomery described it as very Ogg - like in its design , incorporating some design choices that would improve Ogg , such as a simpler way of encoding the packet - length in each header ( which was one of Rullgard 's complaints ) .
Container formats are far less exciting than multimedia codecs , but the choice of containers has a very real impact on what a content provider can do .
Quickly and accurately seeking within a file — while important — is just one example ; another active topic right now is support for subtitle tracks .
As multimedia content on the Internet grows , having subtitles accessible in their own track ( or tracks , with multiple languages supported ) has implications for accessibility , internationalization , and subtitle - based searching .
For the record , Ogg , MP4 , Matroska , and NUT all support subtitles .
As usual , the right choice depends on the usage .
To some , non -free formats like MP4 ought to be avoided at all costs , even if MPEG - LA is not likely to request licensing fees .
If streaming , audio - only , or low - bitrate performance are important , Ogg remains the simplest and probably best option .
For seeking , video editing , menu / chapter support , or combining a wide array of codecs , Matroska offers functionality Ogg cannot .
Moving forward , the relative weight of those factors may shift as either the codecs or the container formats evolve — but until then , choice is good .
McLaren continued to work in the music industry after the Sex Pistols broke up , and retained his love of publicity stunts .
In 1999 he offered to stand as Mayor of London .
Three years ago , he was a contestants on I ’m A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! , but walked out after one day .
Almost a year ago , hirb started as an itch to get mysql - like tables for Rails ’ ActiveRecord models .
Now , hirb 0.3.0 provides table views for ten additional database gems .
Whether you use hirb with couch , mongo , riak or any of the databases supported by sequel or datamapper , hirb essentially turns irb into a database - agnostic database shell .
Database Gems
Here are the list of additional database gems and their modules / classes that now have table views :
Examples
Here ’s all you need in your ~/.irbrc for hirb to work with the above gems and the following examples :
require ' rubygems ' require ' hirb ' Hirb .
enable
Keep in mind that while that the following examples are simple , your models / tables can be as complex as you ’d like and hirb will still render your tables cleanly .
For this example , you need to have sqlite3 installed .
$ sudo gem install sqlite3 - ruby sequel $ irb - rubygems - rsequel # Setup db and a model >> DB = Sequel.sqlite => #< Sequel :: SQLite :: Database : " sqlite : / " > >> DB.create_table ( :urls ) { primary_key :id ; String : name } => [ ] >> class Url < Sequel :: Model ; end => nil #
Nicely formatted tables ! >> Url.create :name= >' example.com '
+----+-------------+ | id | name |
+----+-------------+ | 1 | example.com | +----+-------------+
1 row in set #
Same as above >>
Url.all
For this example , you need to have sqlite3 installed .
$ sudo gem install sqlite3 - ruby dm - core do_sqlite3 $ irb - rubygems - rdm- core # Setup db and a model >> DataMapper.setup(: default , ' sqlite3::memory :') => #< DataMapper :: Adapters :: Sqlite3Adapter:0x188ceac ... > >> class Url >> include DataMapper :: Resource >> property :id , Serial >> property :name , String >> end => #< DataMapper :: Property @model=Url @name=:name > >> Url.auto_migrate ! => true #
Nicely formatted tables ! >> Url.create :name= >' example.com '
+----+-------------+ | id | name |
+----+-------------+ | 1 | example.com | +----+-------------+
1 row in set #
Same as above >>
Url.all
For this example you need to have MongoDB installed .
$ sudo gem install mongo_mapper $ irb - rubygems - rmongo_mapper # Setup db and a model >> MongoMapper.connection = Mongo::Connection.new => #< Mongo:: Connection :0x1123d28 ... > >> MongoMapper.database = ' test ' => ' test ' >> class Url >> include MongoMapper :: Document >> key :name , String >> end => #< MongoMapper :: Plugins :: Keys :: Key:0x5a3520 ... > # Nicely formatted tables ! >> Url.create :name= >' example.com '
+-------------+--------------------------+ | name | _id |
+-------------+--------------------------+
| example.com | 4b97cf2978c2ec2854000001 | +-------------+--------------------------+
1 row in set #
Same as above >>
Url.all
For this example you need to have CouchDB installed .
$ sudo gem install couchrest $ irb - rubygems - rcouchrest # Setup db and a model >> class Url < CouchRest :: ExtendedDocument >> property : name >> view_by : name >> end => false >> Url.database = CouchRest.database ( " http://127.0.0.1:5984/urls " ) => #< CouchRest :: Database:0x170541c ... > # Nicely formatted tables ! >> Url.create :name= >' example.com '
+----------------------------------+-------------+ | _id | name |
+----------------------------------+-------------+
| af990a562a9a96703dd6ef0442a73db8 | example.com | +----------------------------------+-------------+
1 row in set #
Same as above >>
Url.all
Dynamic Views
Creating Them
All default views for the new database gems are due to hirb ’s dynamic views .
So what if you ’re using a database gem that is n’t supported ?
Let ’s answer this using friendly as an example ( even though hirb already supports it ) :
Identify the module or class that the database gem uses to define models .
For friendly , this module is Friendly : : Document .
Determine what table options to pass to tables and how to generate them from the database gem ’s model / table object .
Although you can define as many options as you want , you must define the : fields option .
To generate fields for a given friendly model object : model.attributes.keys
Using the last two steps , define a dynamic view using Hirb.add_dynamic_view that returns a hash of table options :
Hirb .
add_dynamic_view ( " Friendly : : Document " , : helper => : auto_table ) { | obj | { : fields => obj .
class .
attributes .
keys } }
Read the docs for more about dynamic views .
Submitting Them
If you ’ve created a dynamic view for a somewhat popular database gem , feel free to fork and add it to hirb ’s default dynamic views .
Since hirb ’s default dynamic views are in module form , read the docs to understand how to write them .
Although I do appreciate any forking , I ’m looking mainly to add default views for commonly used database gems .
And while I do n't think artists are allowed to decorate the grounded jets with psychedelic paint jobs like in DeLillo 's Underworld , the Boneyard is in fact open to the public .
The nearby Pima Air and Space Museum runs daily tours .
Where , if you 're lucky , you can see this :
Amazingly , even the full - resolution pic from the BBC tells only a bit of the story .
Zoom out in the Google Map below and prepare to pick your jaw off of the floor ; those are n't houses to the northwest , they 're MORE PLANES .
And let us know if you spot anything interesting in the comments .
[ BBC ]
The people have spoken and on June 25th 2010 reddit will be celebrating its first annual Arbitrary Day !
What is arbitrary day you ask ?
It is an arbitrary day in which redditors gather around the world to celebrate and hold karma parties ( not on reddit.com of course ) .
The three top choices for holiday names were :
Arbitrary Day - pechinburger Karma Party - subtextual Orangered Day - Lorak
These three people will be getting a PM from me with details about getting their free shirt .
Thanks to all for participating !
The full details of Arbitrary Day are still up in the air .
I do n't exactly have a timeline yet but will be figuring that out over the coming weeks .
I do know that there will be new features on redditgifts , I do not know exactly what these features will be .
I want to create some notion of a profile to aid in stalking , not sure what to do yet .
If anyone has ideas for fun features , please chime in !
Human Compulsions Among the Stars
What are the odds for survival of a technological society ?
We do n’t know yet , having but one example to work with , but it ’s interesting to speculate , as Ray Villard does in a recent online post , about the kinds of intelligence that may evolve in the universe .
All too often we equate technology with intelligence , which may skew our view of projects like SETI .
Energized by the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting in San Diego last week , Villard is thinking that intelligent life may have appeared on our planet not once but twice , and one of those life - forms is never going to be found by listening to radio wavelengths .
The case for cetaceans seems strong .
Here ’s Villard on the matter :
Physiologically , dolphins have a brain architecture and brain mass - to - body mass ratio that is closer to that of humans than for any other species on Earth .
Many years of experiments on captive dolphins show that they are self - aware , have a sense of self - identity , do detailed problem solving , interpret symbolic language , and exhibit empathy .
Dolphins form complex societies with groups segregated by sex and age , alliances , and conduct long - term nurturing of the young .
And whereas apes and humans appear closely in evolutionary time , cetaceans do not , making the case for independent emergence of a far different kind of intelligence than humans possess , one adapted for life in the ocean .
The argument is interesting on its own merits because the emergence of dolphins and whales as self - aware beings implies that evolution has established two different routes to intelligent life on the same planet .
That would make a strong case that self - awareness is a common feature on any planets where complex life - forms establish themselves , and would seem to bode well for extraterrestrial civilizations .
SETI , of course , is quite another matter .
A world populated only by dolphins and whales is not one that is going to be sending strong beacon signals at 1420 MHz to nearby worlds .
The Fermi paradox ?
Maybe the ‘ where are they ’ question is answered by the thought that they ’re on many nearby worlds , but do n’t necessarily have the technological means to tell us so .
Villard goes a step farther still and asks whether creatures that do develop technologies are n’t the most hubristic , the builders of guns , cars and refrigerators also being capable of creating thermonuclear devices and bacteriological weapons to destroy themselves .
At the AAAS meeting , Seth Shostak opined that we would have an interstellar greeting from another civilization within the next twenty - five years .
He bases this on the fact that we ’re reaching so many stars now that within two years , we ’ll have surveyed as many stars as we did in the past fifty years , since Frank Drake first fired up Project Ozma to listen to Epsilon Eridani and Tau Ceti .
Villard notes that this exponential rise offers the best chance for success when it reaches the top of the slope and begins to flatten out .
He quotes Shostak as saying “ If we do n’t have a detection by the year 2035 then something is wrong with our fundamental assumptions . ”
But our fundamental assumptions are constantly being challenged with every new discovery in planetary science and astrophysics .
Why should SETI be any different ?
The possibility of intelligence evolving in such a way that it has no technology seems clearly demonstrated here on Earth .
But we should also be asking whether even technological societies necessarily have the same urge to communicate that seems to drive us .
Is reaching out across the stars a fundamental impulse of intelligent life , or is it a trait of our species alone , and if the latter , what is the impulse behind it ?
If we ca n’t assume alien civilizations will share our technologies , neither should we assume they would share our compulsions .
A lack of SETI success by 2035 may simply tell us that the quest for knowledge of the wider universe may be a human philosophical quirk .
Hummer to close after collapse of Chinese deal
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- General Motors ' deal to sell its Hummer brand to a Chinese automaker fell through Wednesday and the company said it now plans to shut down the brand .
GM did not give any details about why the agreement to sell Hummer to Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machines Co. Ltd. could not be completed , saying only that it was disappointed it was unable to close the deal .
The large SUV brand is based on the Humvee military vehicle .
It was always a niche vehicle but its image and sales were hit particularly hard by rising gasoline prices earlier this decade .
Last year , GM only sold 9,046 Hummers , down 67 % from 2008 .
Hummer is the third brand that GM is being forced to shut down as part of its bankruptcy reorganization last year .
A deal to sell Saturn fell through and GM is also closing the Pontiac brand , which it never attempted to sell .
Chinese automakers have shown interest in buying established western brands as companies there strive to become more global players .
Geely is in the process of buying the Volvo brand from Ford Motor ( F , Fortune 500 ) and Beijing Automotive Industry Holdings Co. bought the rights and technology to build some Saab models in China from GM .
Over the next several decades we ( humans ) will have to change our understanding of what is feasible and what we need to be doing to have a future .
The future does not include growth of the GDP or profits .
Capitalism as it has been practiced in the 20 th century and now hanging on in the early 21 st century is dead .
Or rather , at this juncture in history , it is moribund .
It served its purpose to raise mankind 's understanding of what is possible in this world .
It was a necessary step in the evolution of knowledge but its time has come and gone .
Short of a miracle ( let 's pray for it ! ) energy flows are about to decline in a serious way .
And as a result growth is an utterly fatuous notion .
Unfortunately , the majority of the population , and especially the economists and politicians , do n't get it .
The economists still firmly believe that if energy costs ( oil , coal , etc. ) rise as a result of constraints on production then we will simply substitute other sources ( wind , solar PV , etc. ) and keep going as we have been for the last two hundred years .
This is both stupid and foolish .
It is a complete failure of intelligence and wisdom .
Real Profits
As growth depends on the continual increase in energy flows , more energy available to do useful work , so profits depend on more net energy available per unit of time , the energy that is left over after accounting for the energy needed to acquire energy .
We need to look more closely at the uses of energy in the economy .
My energy mentor , Charlie Hall et al , produced a simple but complete model of energy flows in the world economy that does a good job of summarizing the situation [ 1 , 2 ] .
It starts with an investment of energy to obtain more energy .
This is the energy used to build and operate energy extraction , capture , conversion , and distribution infrastructure .
When all is well , the amount of usable energy returned from this investment is many times larger than the energy invested .
Or , there is a net energy profit .
That profit is then what is available to the rest of the economy to drive the activities of several major sectors .
The first major use of energy profit is to maintain the existing asset base .
Assets tend to wear out with use and time .
The Second Law of Thermodynamics applies to the structures of material goods that we use .
So a substantial fraction of the energy flow is directed at work processes that repair or replace these assets .
Many kinds of intangible assets , e.g. intellectual properties , also need on - going maintenance work .
The maintenance of assets is the minimal level of work and requisite energy flow in the economy .
So these two uses of energy profit , reinvestment in energy capture to keep the energy flowing , and maintenance of the rest of the asset base or capital , constitute the minimum economic activities needed to maintain a steady - state condition in which energy flows at a constant rate and assets are maintained at a constant level .
Historically , humans have discovered and exploited methods of energy capture that have far exceeded the minimum profit needed to just maintain the social economy .
Agriculture , exploitation of wind and hydro power , and later fossil fuels , have all allowed humans to generate huge energy profits from nominal investments .
Under these circumstances there has always been considerably more available energy for human purposes than could actually be used .
This led to the development of two additional uses of energy profits .
The first is growth of the economy itself .
This first , and foremost , means growth of the population ( human bodies are a material asset in the strict sense of the term ) .
But it also means growth and development of all other kinds of assets , both those needed to directly support the culture and those that extend the culture ( new kinds of products , services , and arts ) .
The measure of an economy 's size is the population plus the asset base , measured in embodied energy units .
Once money was invented as a convenient way to represent work , both potential future and past accomplished , assets , at least , could be monetized and the size of the monetary pool could be used to measure the economy size , or at least be a reasonable surrogate measure .
One way of slicing the excess energy available ( above that needed for just maintenance ) is between necessary and discretionary asset production .
Necessary assets are those deemed needed to maintain a given quality of culture .
For example building more homes of comparable size to meet the needs of an increasing population would be in this category .
Discretionary energy expenditures would include things like building much larger houses than strictly needed to maintain the cultural milieu .
Discretionary spending of energy might satisfy egos and desires , but is not , strictly speaking , needed to maintain a given level of affluence .
What it is needed for is the evolution of culture .
And arguably , a major part of the human condition is involved in the co-evolution of the species and the culture .
So from that standpoint it is pointless to denigrate what might now seem to us as excesses of the past .
In a real sense these were necessary to promote the evolution of knowledge and understanding .
But , all stories of expansion and development do come to an end eventually .
The Energy Budget
Energy flows through the economy ( all sectors ) have to be budgeted in order to assure the proper balance of energy inputs to the various subsystems .
Figure 1 shows this budget roughly .
Of especial importance is the feedback of usable energy to the energy capture and conversion capital for maintenance ( top white arrow ) .
This is what keeps the usable energy flow into the whole economy up to demand .
Figure 1 .
The energy budget for the economy consists of various flows of usable energy into investments in maintenance and growth .
Not shown is the waste heat output from each energy conversion process .
After Hall , et al , the " Cheese slicer " model in reference [ 1 ] .
The figure shows energy feedback to maintain the current asset base and the flow of energy directed toward work processes involved with producing new assets , labeled ' growth ' .
This process takes new material resources from the Ecos and converts them into human usable form .
Both non-energy related and energy capture assets ( capital ) are created and fed into the two subsystems .
This represents adding assets to the economy at a higher than ordinary maintenance rate ; in other words , growth .
Growth applies to all asset classes and human biomass ( population and girth ) and , importantly , to the energy capture and conversion capital assets .
The latter need to grow in order to increase the usable energy flows into the economy assuming that there is more raw energy than is currently being converted available .
The amount of growth of all other non-energy assets is now greatly determined by open markets just as the neoclassical economists claim .
There is no value judgments placed on what happens in terms of choices about what gets produced .
The market is value - free or amoral in this regard .
Whatever the buyers want will get produced and sold .
Energy will be directed in the appropriate directions to satisfy these desires without anyone actually controlling the process .
But suppose the supply of raw ( gross ) energy is not only fixed , but actually starting to decline .
Instead of excess raw energy that could be exploited by simply putting more energy capture / conversion capital into play , suppose that the raw energy arrow started to contract in size .
In that case it would not be profitable ( in terms of usable energy return on the investments in energy capture / conversion ) to grow that capital equipment .
This is exactly the case for fossil fuels today .
We have passed the peak of gross energy production ( oil ) and are now starting down the decline side of Hubbert 's peak .
The input energy arrow is starting to shrink .
As it does , the usable energy produced and available to the economy for budgeting is getting smaller as well .
Note that all of the investments made in the energy capture / conversion process are now starting to provide a smaller return per unit .
This is exactly what is meant by a declining energy return on energy invested ( EROEI ( ERoEI , EROI , and EROeI are all the same concept but different authors insist on slightly different versions of the acronym to maintain their personal sense of internal consistency ! ) ) .
As the marginal returns start to diminish ( the logistic goes through its third inflection point ) , the investments in both growth of capital and maintenance will start to diminish .
After all , profits are starting to decline so who , under our current capitalistic system , would invest in lower profit margins ?
Of course this can exacerbate the situation with respect to production of usable energy .
Rational Realignment of the Energy Budget , Post - Peak Oil
Figure 2 shows the results of a rational response to a decline in gross and net useable energy flows .
Investments in energy capture / conversion capital should diminish as the EROEI declines past a point where an acceptable profit is being made .
But at the same time the energy put into growth should be diminished ( growth curtailed ) so that an adequate flow to maintain current assets can be continued .
Figure 2 .
The energy budget starts to diminish as the raw energy supply shrinks or declines .
Investments in the energy capture / conversion capital shrinks in response to poor EROEI .
As well the energy flow to growth is diminished as overall useable energy flow is restricted .
This model assumes that a rational choice will be made to continue servicing maintenance to current assets , so the reduced energy flow results in a lower growth rate .
Unfortunately , who , besides economists , said the economy and the markets are rational ?
Or , more to the point , the individual participants in the market decisions are not rational .
Nor do they anticipate changes that will have a time lag between the restriction in energy flows and the ' pain ' they will eventually experience .
The market mechanism for conveying information is price denominated in dollars ( or money value ) .
This is problematic for at least two reasons .
First monetary values have been effectively decoupled from the underlying real physical value ( in work units - energy ) by many distortions , mostly due to the invention of debt ( in the form of borrowing by speculation on future earnings ) and bizarre financial instruments that pose as money .
Second the time lag for effective changes in monetary measures of real economic importance are much longer than the actual time scales for changes in energy flows .
Thus , at no particular time is there a direct and causal relation between the money supply and the energy supply .
But in our modern capitalistic marketplace , decisions are based on monetary valuations .
This leads to all kinds of anomalies , like market bubbles that further distort whatever weak relation still exists .
We have been witnessing the results of these distortions in the current financial meltdown .
There has been a massive correction with respect to bringing the relation between money and energy back into focus .
But the decision makers continue to fail to recognize the actual cause of the problems .
They are still believing that the key to economic success ( defined as growth of the gross domestic product - GDP - year over year ) is to continue to channel energy flow to the growth process .
This is based on the fact that our economy is seen now as a consumer - oriented one .
It is healthy if we are producing more goods and services and aggregating the monetary transactions ( sales ) to show that our GDP is growing .
There are many motivations for believing this way .
One is that that is the way it worked in the past .
When the raw energy was expanding ( we were on the up side of Hubbert 's curve ) this expansionary logic actually worked fine , except , of course , that we were damaging the environment in doing so .
Another is a more subtle interaction between economics and politics .
There is a huge political pressure to provide the workers with jobs and cheap goods so that they are " happy " .
In the democratic nations politicians get and hold their jobs by promising the people that they will do everything in their powers to assure the continuance of business as usual ( BAU ) .
And so , in our less than rational market system , we continue to direct energy flows into the growth production function even though it has meant diminishing our investments into new energy capital ( e.g. into renewable energy sources because they have much lower EROEI , at least by historical precedents ) .
Or at least we have not rerouted a significant energy investment that way .
Instead we continue to try to expand the fossil fuel raw energy inputs , even as the evidence mounts that this is an impossible route to take .
We also continue to budget energy flows to the growth processes in the vain hopes that money will prove to be more powerful than energy .
This is , of course , the epitome of foolishness , the antithesis of wisdom .
The proper response to the reality of diminishing energy flows from fossil fuels would be to greatly reduce the flow budgeted to growth and redirect it toward investment in alternative energy capture / conversion capital .
It would also be rational to start lowering our energy investment in maintaining large parts of the asset base that are non-productive or discretionary .
For example , what would be wise is to start converting much of the standing housing stock into multi-family living quarters instead of trying to revive the new house building industry .
The maintenance energy feedback into the standing stock would be to make that stock more efficient in using energy .
We need to cut the wasteful parts of the asset base like luxuries and unnecessary entertainments .
As per my previous post ( on Question Everything ) , I feel strongly that some of that energy has to be dedicated to preserving the valuable artistic treasures of the past as well as support current humanities .
No easy decisions there .
But if we do n't do something along those lines , we have lost our humanity .
That brings us , finally , to the crux of the matter , the decision processes needed to respond rationally to the realities of energy contraction .
Capitalism is now based on a single pursuit , profit in monetary measures .
And that profit applies equally to the growth processes as it does to the energy capital .
Yet under the constraints of the real world , the one dictated by the laws of physics , not only is growth no longer rational , neither is the use of profit potential as a guideline of where to put investments .
In other words , the market as the main mechanism for decisions regarding energy budgets is now counterproductive .
Indeed profits not involved with either the capture of new usable energy or the increase in efficiency for our machines that use that energy have to go the way of the Dodo bird !
Capitalism driven by the profit motive worked pretty well in a growing energy flow economy .
We should not be anxious to demonize it outright just because it also led to problems with cost externalities that damaged the Ecos .
After all , we humans were actually starting to become aware of that problem and were starting to seek ways to amend it .
The problem with capitalism and profit motive today is quite different however .
It only works when energy supplies are growing and technologies are making strides to improve overall efficiencies .
Today we now know that the former condition is no longer true .
Energy supplies are starting to contract and there is nothing on the horizon in the way of alternative energy sources that can come close to the power production from fossil fuels .
We may be able to eek out a stable ( steady - state ) flow of some exosomatic energies from these sources to provide future society with a basis for living a comfortable life , but they will never be able to support BAU .
Not even close .
As far as new technologies improving efficiencies , there will , of course be some of that developing , especially if we direct some energy investment toward that end .
But reality must intercede again to point out that efficiency gains in real machines suffers from the same Law of Diminishing Returns as in all other physical systems .
Efficiencies have upper bounds , both theoretical and practical for all machine types .
It is hard for techno - cornucopians to accept but the fact is that our engineering work for the last hundred years has helped us achieve close to the practical limits for many of our modern machine types already .
In other words , we can't look for huge gains in efficiencies in our prime movers ( though there might be big gains to be made in our heat trap systems , e.g. buildings , through improved insulation and other such measures ) .
We can and will have to stop wasting energy resources on trivial , non-productive or previously discretionary uses .
And there may be substantial savings to be realized there ( but note that stopping waste is not the same as improving efficiency since , by definition , wasting a resource is something you do n’t have to do and can just stop without any technological advances ) .
An Uncomfortable Conclusion
The conclusion is not comfortable but is imperative .
Capitalism , as it has been practiced in a market and democratic governance system , is going to die .
It will die in one of two ways .
Either people will start to exercise some rationality and some wisdom and realize that as the energy supplies diminish the capacity to do useful work also diminishes .
They will then seek to reorganize our governance structures / institutions in such a way as to rationally respond to the reality .
Somehow I have a hard time seeing this kind of response .
From outright denial , to outright insistence on exceptionalism and blind faith in market mechanisms , I suspect that most people will be blind - sided by reality .
This leads to the alternate more likely response .
People will demand , and politicians will give them , continued support for direction of the energy budget into growth and discretionary asset production as long as they possibly can .
For all practical purposes this is exactly what we already see .
Think about the state of critical infrastructure in the US .
Some of it is falling apart from neglect .
Some of it is decaying due to inattention and restriction of energy flows into work to manage it properly .
What are the outward signs of this neglect ?
Aversion to taxes and regulations is an obvious example .
The attitudes of libertarians ( regardless of political party ) is a prime example of psychological resistance to grasping the true nature of what is happening to human economies .
Additional examples of the political aversion can be seen in Obama 's reliance for economic advice from the very architects of the destruction of financial regulations designed to prevent some of the kinds of bubbles that have arisen in the banking and stock market sectors .
I must be frank .
I am not hopeful for rationality and wisdom to prevail in the near future .
We ( Homo sapiens ) may be lucky enough that after the SHTF due to mismanagement of the economic energy budget , there may be a spark of rationality and wisdom available and recognized that we can turn to in our despair .
Unfortunately even this possibility is highly problematic .
More likely mankind will be subjected to a mean and uncaring dictatorial hand , a person or persons not eusapient , but harsh and vindictive .
After all , the stock from which to choose potential candidates for leadership is composed largely of minimally sapient beings to begin with .
Evolution help us .
For readers interested in an alternative view to the prevailing beliefs you may want to read my series on Sapient Governance here .
Many thanks to Charlie Hall and his associates for so many good insights into the nature of our predicament .
I treasure the time I spent with him at SUNY - ESF .
[ 1 ] Hall , Powers , & Schoenberg ( 2008 ) .
" Peak Oil , EROI , Investments and the Economy in an Uncertain Future " , in Biofuels , Solar and Wind as Renewable Energy Systems , David Pimentel ( ed ) .
Springer , New York .
[ 2 ] Hall , Balogh , and Murphy ( 2009 ) .
" What is the Minimum EROI that a Sustainable Society Must Have ? " , Energies , 2 , 25 - 47 ; doi:10.3390/en20100025
Toyota Performance Ready Vehicles
The racetrack is where we live .
It 's where we prove our commitment to making ever - better cars .
BioAccez was present at the Mobile World Congress with their 3G surveillance cameras ; they have developed a very simple hardware that revolutionizes the use we have given surveillance cameras to date .
The cameras have a SIM card inserted ; the user can call the camera with their mobile and see in real time what the camera is focusing on .
An excellent hardware to use at companies or at home , also of great use to install for medical purposes as doctors can call to check on their home patients in real time .
A new model has come out which is adapted to US frequency , 2010 will be a year of expansion all over the world for this company .
->
Giant moving skyhole ->
Anomalous ! G ->
Non-tacomanarrows ->
See your weight on the water ->
Slag = liquid glass River of impure liquid glass ! ->
Drum hits = all keys at once , broadband ->
Now jerk it to make vortices ->
ANTI CHIRPED -WAVE !
Grows taller as it travels . ->
Trains , boats , & planes : ... boats ->
Just needed fast eyes ->
Shades of 2009 !!! ->
Hey Dave Durlach , u still alive ?! ->
Brushless hall - effect motor , MEGA - RPM !!! , shatter small magnets ->
Eight , that 's not a ferromagnet , even if spin - onehalf tires .
Tampa , Florida ( CNN ) --
Former middle school math teacher Stephanie Ragusa was teary - eyed Monday as she pleaded guilty to having sex with two underage students .
Ragusa , 31 , faces up to 10 years in prison when she is sentenced on June 15 .
She pleaded guilty to three counts of lewd and lascivious battery in a March 2008 case involving a 14 - year - old boy .
She also pleaded guilty to two counts of having unlawful sex with a minor in an April 2008 case involving a 16 - year - old student .
Prosecutor Rita Peters said Ragusa had intercourse with the 14 - year - old on three occasions between October 2006 and May 2007 .
Evidence in that case included a phone conversation police recorded with the teen 's consent .
During the phone call , Ragusa could be heard urging him to keep their encounters secret , Peters said .
Peters said the encounters with the other teen began when he was 15 .
They ended when she was arrested in April 2008 as she was leaving his home .
Evidence in the case included DNA matches , several amorous letters Ragusa wrote and gifts she gave him , the prosecutor added .
The gifts included a key chain with her initials on it .
Peters said investigators also found a will in Ragusa 's handwriting that named the teen as executor .
Shackled and dressed in an orange jumpsuit , Ragusa entered her guilty pleas just before a jury was to be picked at her trial .
Ragusa repeatedly glanced at her father , Ricardo Ragusa , as details of the charges were read aloud in court .
Tears welled in her eyes , and she shrugged her shoulders , ducked her head and hid her face beneath a veil of long , dark brown hair .
Peters said outside the courtroom that she had spoken with the victims and their families , and they were " in full support of the resolution in these cases . "
" They were prepared to testify , " Peters added .
Ragusa has been in jail since her arrest , and defense attorney Robert Herce said she has spent more time behind bars than several other teachers in Hillsborough County , Florida , who have faced similar charges .
Summer approaches , and if you ’re like me , the life of a geek tends to make thoughts of stepping out in front of other people in your bathing suit a little terrifying .
Wii
Fit aside , many games ( * cough * DragonAge * cough * ) play to our obsessive sides , and make it so easy to spend hours with our rear ends parked on the couch , which does n’t exactly help when it comes to losing weight .
But if there ’s one thing we geeks are good at , it ’s attaining knowledge .
We know how things work , scientifically , right ?
So being fit should be easier for us than the general public … or something .
Well , not exactly .
Getting in shape is difficult , there ’s no way around that .
But the health benefits really outweigh those difficulties .
I mean , sure , you might not want to be ripped — but living longer , being stronger , and having fewer risk for disease is n’t something to thumb your nose at .
I ’ve recently started a new fitness regime , and I thought some of my geekier tips might be of use to any other geek looking for good ways to lose weight , or just get more active .
1 ) Find a good gym .
This is really important .
You want to find gyms that cater to all sorts of people , all ages .
Because , honestly , some gyms are high - school gym class nightmare inducing .
A good chain around here is Lifestyle Family Fitness — which I can personally vouch for .
Many YMCAs are great places to look , too .
Too many gyms are meat markets , and are disheartening just to walk into .
You do n’t want to feel bad for being out of shape to start with .
2 ) Get a personal trainer — or a personal evaluation .
While not everyone can afford a personal trainer ( though in some cases they ’re a lot cheaper than you ’d expect ) getting a full health evaluation is really important .
You ca n’t make progress if you do n’t know where you started .
Blood pressure , body fat percentage , heart rate — all these things are indicative of your current state of health ( or , in some cases , lack thereof ) .
Sometimes a good wakeup call is helpful , too .
As far as a personal trainer is concerned , figuring out what kinds of exercise are best for your body type and fitness goals may help you achieve your goals sooner .
3 ) Love your stats .
It ’s amazing how many tools there are out there for fitness people .
Heck , there are entire mp3 players built around fitness now .
Keeping track of your fitness stats is a wonderfully geeky way to stay on top of things .
There are a hundred different options as far as tracking is concerned , but I use the one at my gym .
I can access it anywhere , and I ’m able to take measurements there rather than at my house .
Making little challenges for yourself , too , is a great way to stay motivated : track miles run , calories burned , and time spent working out !
4 ) Write down what you eat .
I ’m not even talking about counting calories .
But all - night raids and dungeon crawls might have you scarfing more chips and soda than you think .
Write it down , get perspective ; then , just try to eat less .
I ’m addicted to DailyBurn and use it to catalog everything I eat … most days … except when I ’m at conventions …
DailyBurn is free , and it syncs with my iPod .
5 ) Educate yourself .
Learn about where your food comes from .
Suggested books include The Omnivore ’s Dilemma and Fast Food Nation .
Knowing is half the battle .
You ’re smart enough to draw your on conclusions .
6 ) Cook your own food .
Even good restaurants serve humongous portions and can often slather their entrees in oil and other huge calorie bombs .
Cooking at home is n’t just fun , it ’s an extremely useful skill to have .
Also , you know exactly what ’s going into your meal from the get go .
Studies indicate that people who eat good , home meals are less likely to be obese than those who eat out .
Not surprising .
7 ) Get the iPod rockin’ .
If being at the gym is boring , load up some of your favorite shows and movies on your iPod or other portable device .
It ’s one of the best ways to make working out tolerable and even , dare I say it , enjoyable !
8 ) Do n’t just go to the gym .
Get into other activities .
Consider fencing or archery , both of which we geeks tend to know a lot about to begin with .
If you do n’t want sports , consider hiking like a hobbit or maybe even starting a garden .
Just getting up and moving is a great first step !
9 ) Drink lots of water .
Blue Warrior also needs water !
Too much caffeine and caffeinated beverages does not do good on your system .
If you ca n’t stand plain water , consider adding lemon to it , or even some flavored drink mix .
We are over 70 % water — so if we skimp on that , we ’re in dangerous territory !
Not to mention , too much caffeine can interrupt your sleep patterns , and sleep is essential to good health , not to mention good mood .
10 ) Ramp up your geek esteem !
It sounds corny , but learning to accept yourself — faults and all — is a great way to start toward a healthy life .
Because , honestly , if you ca n’t be happy where you are right now , chances are 20 pounds is n’t going to make a difference , either .
Whatever you do , now is the time to do it .
With the weather ( in this hemisphere , anyway ) finally getting warmer , the world is ready for exploration and the sun is shining !
Have any geeky workout tips or weight loss success stories to share ?
Let us know about them in the comments !
[ Editor ’s note :
The picture you see on the top right of this post is of personal friend and [ GaS ] reader Phil , who proudly wears one of our official t- shirts while burning calories on a threadmill . ]
[ Pictures Sources : Personal Trailer ( CC ) | Food plates ( CC ) | Thumb up ( CC ) ]
A species of frog has been found alive in the New South Wales Southern Tablelands , more than 30 years after it was thought to have become extinct .
New South Wales Environment Minister Frank Sartor announced this morning the discovery of a population of yellow - spotted bell frogs .
The frogs were found in a remote creek on private property in the Southern Tablelands region .
NSW Fisheries field scientist Luke Pearce first spotted an unusually coloured bell frog late last year while conducting a native fish survey .
He then alerted his colleague , David Hunter , a frog expert with the state 's Environment Department .
But it was not until a field visit last month that the pair was able to return to identify the creature as the missing yellow - spotted bell frog .
Dr Hunter , who spends up to six months of the year monitoring remote frog populations , told The 7.30 Report 's Rebecca Baillie the initial capture was a once - in - a - lifetime event .
" Luke and I went out to the site , did a frog survey , found one of the bell frogs - and it just so happened to be this yellow - spotted bell frog , " Dr Hunter said .
" This was definitely the most exciting moment of my career and I will be surprised if I repeat it . "
He says the find highlights the important role that private landowners can play in habitat conservation .
" The property owner at this particular site is extremely excited about having this critically endangered frog species on his land , and is very much looking forward to working with us in collaboration towards the conservation of the bell frog , " Dr Hunter said .
However he warns the survival of the yellow - spotted bell frog rests on its fragile creek habitat remaining hidden .
" We really do n't want anyone going to the site , trying to capture the bell frog or photograph it , because that could introduce an unknown pathogen into the population and cause a problem , " Dr Hunter said .
A tiny tadpole and frog collection has now been established at Taronga Zoo and there are plans to breed a safety population for re-introduction to the wild .
Scientists warn Australia still has more than 40 threatened frog species , all battling the impact of chytridia mycosis , a devastating fungal disease responsible for amphibian declines world - wide .
Tonight ,
The 7.30 Report will visit Taronga Zoo and Kosciusko National Park for an exclusive look at the scientific battle to save Australia 's frogs .
The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript Released Thursday , March 18 , 2010
The long awaited day has come as the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript have been released on DevLabs in conjunction with the talk given by Erik Meijer at Mix 2010 .
Jeff Van Gogh , one of the principal developers on this project has more details and a detailed look at the sample application of “ Time Flies Like an Arrow ” .
I ’d like to also give a detailed explanation of another sample application , the Bing Maps and Twitter mashup .
Before we get started , let ’s get caught up to where we are today :
Mashing Bing Maps and Twitter
One of the demos I ’ve created is a mashup of Bing Maps and Twitter so that if the tweet has geolocation information attached that I ’d display it on a map in near real time .
What that means is that at a specified interval , we query the Twitter search API for something such as FourSquare , which has a higher probability of having some geolocation information attached and then display those results .
So , how could we do this ?
Let ’s walk through the example step by step .
First , we need to focus on the Bing Maps AJAX API which gives us the two main features we ’re looking for , displaying a map and putting pushpins on it with some detailed information .
In order to make use of it , we ’ll need to link the Bing Maps AJAX library such as the following :
< script type = " text/ javascript " src = " http://ecn.dev.virtualearth.net/mapcontrol/mapcontrol.ashx?v=6.2 " > </ script >
Next , we ’ll need a place to put our map , so , let ’s create a simple < div > to host it .
< body > < div id = " veMap " style = " position : relative ; width : 1000 px ; height : 600 px ; " ></ div > </ body >
And then we ’ll need our global map object that we can manipulate .
< script type = " text / javascript " > var map = null ; //
More code goes here
Once we ’ve defined that , we need a way to show the pushpin on the page .
For this I ’ll use the tweet ID for the overall pushpin ID , and I ’ll take the date , latitude , longitude , their user icon URL , the user name and the text .
From there , I ’ll create a pushpin in that exact spot with the associated data .
I have a try / catch block here where if I ’ve seen that tweet before , the Bing Maps API does n’t allow me to have multiple pushpins with the same ID , so I just ignore the failure .
function addPushPin ( id , date , latitude , longitude , imageUrl , text , details ) { try { var pinPoint = new VELatLong ( latitude , longitude , 0 , VEAltitudeMode.RelativeToGround ) ; var detailText = date + " - " + details var pin = new VEPushpin ( id , pinPoint , imageUrl , text , detailText ) ; map .
AddPushpin( pin ) ; } catch ( err ) { //
Seen it , do n't worry } }
Moving onto the Twitter aspect of this , we ’ll need a way to query Twitter using the Search API .
In this case , we ’ll once again use the XmlHttpRequest method with our URL which contains our text and a total request of 100 records per page .
function searchTwitter ( text ) { var url = " http://search.twitter.com/search.json?rpp=100&q= " + encodeURIComponent ( text ) ; return Rx.Observable.XmlHttpRequest(url ) ; }
Once the page loads , we need to load the map , so in my document ’s ready function , I initialize the VEMap with the ID of my < div > , load the map and set my zoom level to a nice globe shot .
$ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { map = new VEMap ( " veMap " ) ; map.LoadMap( ) ; map.SetZoomLevel ( 2 ) ;
Now we get to the interesting part .
How do we reload the data every so often without running into the Twitter API limit ?
We can use the Interval method which we can set a due time before it invokes the action again .
In this case , our action is going to be searching for FourSquare which returns an IObservable < IObservable < JSONData >> in C# parlance which we need to flatten and take the first one , so we ’ll need the Switch method to do that .
Rx .
Observable . Interval ( 10000 ) . Select ( function ( ) { return searchTwitter ( " foursquare " ) ; } ) . Switch ( )
Realizing that we ’re dealing with JSON data , we need to safely parse it and in this case , I ’m using the JSON2 library to do that .
We ’ll then take the JSON array and split it apart and turn each record into an observable with the SelectMany method .
And since we ’re only interested in those with geolocation , I check if they have any with my Where method .
. Select ( function ( result ) { return JSON.parse ( result.responseText ) ; } ) . SelectMany ( function ( data ) { return data.results.toObservable ( ) ; } ) .
Where ( function ( data ) { return data .
geo != null ; } )
Finally , we can subscribe to the resulting observable .
Our subscribing action is going to be adding a push pin with the JSON data as well as handle any potential errors .
. Subscribe ( function ( data ) { var lat = data.geo.coordinates [ 0 ] ; var lon = data.geo.coordinates [ 1 ] ; addPushPin ( data.id , data.created_at , lat , lon , data.profile_image_url , data.from_user , data.text ) ; } , function ( error ) { alert ( error ) ; } ) ;
The code in its entirety can be found here .
And below is the result of our code where we see the icons of the Twitter users who mention FourSquare after we leave it running for just a few short minutes …
We could take this example further to expire the pushpins over time , but I think overall , it ’s a great example of asynchronous programming in JavaScript and how you can integrate it into your APIs .
Conclusion
Through the use of the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript , we ’re able to mash two APIs together through AJAX and refresh them at a certain interval , keeping a near real - time feel to it .
That ’s just one of the many things we can do with it that I ’ll hopefully cover more in the near future .
So , download it , and give the team feedback !
What can I say ?
I love JavaScript and very much looking forward to the upcoming JSConf 2010 here in Washington , DC where the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript will be shown in its full glory with Jeffrey Van Gogh ( who you can now follow on Twitter ) .
For too many times , we ’ve looked for the abstractions over the natural language of the web ( HTML , CSS and JavaScript ) and created monstrosities instead of embracing the web for what it is .
With libraries such as jQuery and indeed the Reactive Extensions for JavaScript gives us better tools for dealing with the troubled child that is DOM manipulation and especially events .
Although Microsoft is beginning to acknowledge that the rich ecosystem of open source software can bring a lot of value to Windows users , the most popular open source software projects are largely developed on other platforms , which means that they are n't always easy to deploy on Windows .
A relatively complex open source server stack can be rolled out on Linux with a few clicks , but it might take hours to get the same software installed and properly configured on Windows .
Microsoft developer Garrett Serack has identified a compelling solution to this problem .
He is launching a new project to build a package management system for Windows with the aim of radically simplifying installation of popular open source software on Microsoft 's platform .
He calls it the Common Open Source Application Publishing Platform ( CoApp ) .
Much like the package management systems that are a standard part of popular Linux distributions , the CoApp project will provide a delivery platform for packaged open source software libraries and applications , with support for dependency resolution and automatic updates .
It could be a powerful tool for system administrators who want a WAMP stack or developers who want to port Linux applications to Windows .
Serack wants to use Microsoft 's MSI format for the packages and intends to take advantage of WinSxS in order to deliver parallel binaries so that users will have access to multiple builds of the same library generated by different compilers .
The project will also seek to establish some basic standards for filesystem layout so that files are put in consistent places .
He is coordinating the project with Microsoft 's blessing , but the actual development effort will be community - driven — an approach that will hopefully enable CoApp to evolve in a way that best serves its users rather than being directed by Microsoft .
" The folks here at Microsoft have recognized the value in this project — and have kindly offered to let me work on it full - time .
I 'm running the project ; Microsoft is supporting my efforts in this 100 % , " he wrote in a blog entry about the project on Wednesday .
" The design is entirely the work of myself and the CoApp community , I do n't have to vet it with anyone inside the company . "
Making open source development on Windows suck less
Having ported several of my own Linux applications to Windows , I know from personal experience how insanely difficult it can be to set up a proper environment for developing open source software on Microsoft 's operating system .
For the last Qt application that I ported , the process of getting all of the dependencies installed took hours .
I had to install CMake , find just the right version of Automoc , and compile OpenSSL from source .
My current Windows VM has a half a dozen different build systems and three separate sets of version control tools , all of which had to be installed individually .
I also have two completely separate installations of MinGW and a rather heavy Cygwin setup .
I need all of this crap in order to port my software to Windows , but it 's a nightmare to maintain .
I have to meticulously document every step of the setup process if I ever want to be able to do it again on a different Windows installation .
These headaches are enough to deter many open source software developers who would otherwise be releasing Windows versions of their applications .
Spending a few hours developing on Windows often serves as a painful reminder of how much I depend on my distro's super cow powers .
That is why I 'm convinced that CoApp is a very good idea .
Cygwin arguably constitutes a package management system by itself , but it tends to be somewhat insular and is n't very native .
Serack believes that CoApp offers an opportunity to do it the right way and close the gaps that isolate ported open source software components from the rest of the Windows ecosystem .
If it 's done properly , that could be very significant .
Although Linux enthusiasts tend to disdain Windows , porting Linux applications to Microsoft 's operating system can open up a lot of opportunities .
A Windows port can expose your application to a whole new audience , making it possible to attract new contributors .
We have seen a number of prominent open source software projects benefit in that manner from Windows compatibility in the past .
A positive side effect of that phenomenon is that it introduces Windows application developers to open source frameworks and technologies .
Broader adoption of cross-platform Linux - friendly software and toolkits on Windows would obviously help boost the availability of software for Linux .
Although I 'm really impressed with Serack 's vision , I 'm a bit skeptical that a task of such magnitude and complexity can be fulfilled to an extent that would truly deliver on its potential .
Such an undertaking will require considerable manpower .
Ars readers who want to participate in the project or learn more can check out the CoApp page on Launchpad .
14 If Batman Were A Pothead
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
No , it 's not a time lapse photo .
Right there is exactly what they saw hanging in the sky one December evening in Norway .
Can you imagine looking out of your window and seeing that shit in the sky ?
You 'd assume you and everyone you know was about to be sucked into another dimension .
It started as a blue streak emerging from the horizon , which then left that spiral behind before it slowly faded .
It turned out it was the vapor trail of a failed Russian missile test , a Bulava missile fired from a submarine .
When they go wrong , they do this :
Armenian - Americans have lobbied for official use of the word " genocide " A US congressional panel has described the killing of Armenians by Turkish forces during World War I as genocide , despite White House objections .
The resolution was narrowly approved by the House Foreign Affairs Committee .
Turkey , a key US ally , responded by recalling its ambassador in Washington for consultations .
It has fiercely opposed the non-binding resolution .
The White House had warned that the vote would harm reconciliation talks between Turkey and Armenia .
The resolution calls on President Barack Obama to ensure that US foreign policy reflects an understanding of the " genocide " and to label the World War I killings as such in his annual statement on the issue .
It was approved by 23 votes to 22 by the committee .
ANALYSIS Kevin Connolly , BBC News , Washington
Ankara has already withdrawn its ambassador from Washington for consultations - in reaction to what will be seen as a significant international insult .
Washington will now be working hard to limit any further diplomatic fallout .
As one of the United States ' most important allies in the Muslim world , Turkey 's influence is important on both Iran and Afghanistan .
And the cheapest and safest way of extracting American soldiers from Iraq next year would be from neighbouring Turkey - if the diplomatic atmosphere permits .
Within minutes the Turkish government issued a statement condemning " this resolution which accuses the Turkish nation of a crime it has not committed " .
The statement also said the Turkish ambassador was being recalled for consultations .
A Turkish parliamentary delegation had gone to Washington to try to persuade committee members to reject the resolution .
Turkey accepts that atrocities were committed but argues they were part of the war and that there was no systematic attempt to destroy the Christian Armenian people .
The Armenian government welcomed the vote , calling it " an important step towards the prevention of crimes against humanity " .
In 2007 , a similar resolution passed the committee stage , but was shelved before a House vote after pressure from the George W Bush administration .
' Too important '
During his election campaign Mr Obama promised to brand the mass killings genocide .
MASS KILLINGS OF ARMENIANS
Hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenians killed by Ottoman Turks in 1915 - 6 Many historians and the Armenian people believe the killings amount to genocide Turks and some historians deny they were orchestrated More than 20 countries regard the massacres as genocide
Q&A : Armenian genocide dispute Before the vote , committee chairman Howard Berman urged fellow members of the committee to endorse the resolution .
" I believe that Turkey values its relationship with the United States at least as much as we value our relations with Turkey , " he said .
The Turks , he added , " fundamentally agree that the US - Turkish alliance is simply too important to get side - tracked by a non-binding resolution passed by the House of Representatives " .
In October last year , Turkey and Armenia signed a historic accord normalising relations between them after a century of hostility .
Armenia wants
Turkey to recognise the killings as an act of genocide , but successive Turkish governments have refused to do so .
Hundreds of thousands of Armenians died in 1915 , when they were deported en masse from eastern Anatolia by the Ottoman Empire .
They were killed by troops or died from starvation and disease .
Armenians have campaigned for the killings to be recognised internationally as genocide - and more than 20 countries have done so .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Democratic heavyweight Rep. John Murtha ( D - PA ) — who went by Jack — has died after complications following gallbladder surgery .
A local news station said the congressman had died in the hospital with his family by his side at 1:18 PM ET Monday .
Murtha was the chairman of the House Appropriations defense subcommittee , where he oversaw Pentagon spending .
He was the longest - serving Pennsylvania lawmaker , and was first elected in 1974 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Murtha has been an outspoken critic of President Barack Obama ’s Afghan war policy .
The chairman of the House subcommittee in charge of allocating war funding told a magazine in September he opposed any further troop increases for Afghanistan .
“ In Vietnam it took 500,000 troops and that did n’t solve the problem , ” Murtha told Foreign Policy .
“ So we have to take a different approach . ”
“ Murtha ’s dissent comes at a critical juncture , with the Washington debate heating up and public support for the war effort dropping , ” the magazine wrote .
“ The Pennsylvania congressman is only the latest senior Democratic lawmaker to come out against a troop increase , following similar statements last week by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Armed Services Committee chairman Carl Levin .
“ But opposition from Murtha , who has deep contacts among the military brass , could ultimately prove more problematic for an Obama administration that has yet to launch a full - throated to defense of the war . ”
Last year , President Obama announced a troop “ surge ” for Afghanistan that , when completed , will increase US troop strength in Afghanistan to 68,000 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 19 - term Democrat was the first Vietnam War veteran to be elected to Congress .
Murtha routinely faced criticism from government watchdog groups , which accused him of being the “ king of pork . ”
He made the list of the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ’s most corrupt legislators list in 2006 , 2007 , 2008 and 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Murtha ’s alleged corruption issues are manifold , CREW said in 2009 : “ his ties to the PMA Group , a now defunct lobbying firm under federal investigation ; his ties to Kuchera Industries , a defense contractor under federal investigation ; his ties to defense executives and former military personnel convicted of skimming money from government contracts ; actions he may have taken to benefit his brother ’s lobbying clients ; and his chief of staff ’s threats to a political opponent . ”
UPDATE : The chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has released a statement calling Murtha a “ tireless advocate ” and “ patriotic veteran . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ With the passing of Congressman Jack Murtha , America has lost a patriotic veteran , Pennsylvanians have lost a tireless advocate , and we have lost a friend , ” Chris Van Hollen wrote Monday afternoon .
The recent explosion of compact digital cameras and mobile phones incorporating high megapixel cameras has meant that photography has become within easy reach of a considerable percentage of the population .
Millions of shutters are pressed each day but I wonder how much thought is given to the content of each image produced ?
The majority of camera owners will simply record a scene to which they had given no more than a cursory glance .
In spite of the capability of digital camera users to play back , review and improve upon previous attempts , I suspect that those who say how much easier it is to take a good picture with a digital camera are , in the main , referring to quantity not quality .
My own philosophy is that film and digital photography should be treated in exactly the same way when it comes to using our vision to create an image .
But where do we start with our quest to create a masterpiece as opposed to a simple pictorial record so often referred to as a ' snap ' ?
How do we learn to see rather than just look ?
All too often the process is rushed .
Little or no time is given to really studying the scene in front of us .
A ' that 'll do ' approach is adopted and a rapid switch to another viewpoint becomes the norm .
Instead , time spent observing all the different elements that make up a scene will lay the foundations for better picture - making .
Learning to appreciate what we are seeing is vital .
The urge to cram in as much as possible into the frame is common practice and a less is more approach generally proves to be a better route .
On many occasions I 've been approached by a passer - by offering well - meant advice ' You can get a fantastic photograph from the top of so and so hill .
You can't fail to take a good shot !'.
Not wishing to appear rude as I 'm always grateful they 've taken the trouble to be friendly and helpful but inwardly muse to myself that , a ) it probably is n't and , b ) I can !
' Seeing ' images is something we can train ourselves to improve at and is n't just an ability with which the gifted few were born .
I recall the very moment that the art of seeing became much clearer through my own eyes .
I had painstakingly and systematically analysed the work of a few photographers whose work inspired me .
The sudden realisation that it was the simplicity of their images that made them stand out from those of less successful artists , opened up a whole new world .
This simplicity was not as a result of chance but was arrived at they gave much thought as to how they would photograph their chosen subject matter .
Your Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Apple is doing away not only with apps that feature adult content , but also Wi-Fi finders , a developer has revealed .
His WiFi-Where application is no longer available in the App Store .
The developers of WiFiFoFum and yFy also say Apple banned their apps for using private frameworks to access wireless information .
“ We received a very unfortunate email today from Apple stating that WiFi- Where has been removed from sale on the App Store for using private frameworks to access wireless information , ” the developer of WiFi- Where says .
“ It also appears that all other competing WiFi enabled apps have been removed as well .
This is very unfortunate as the past 2 - 3 months have seen a handful of new WiFi apps get approved .
Hopefully Apple will allow this functionality in a future SDK , ” the developer concludes .
The actual private framework WiFi- Where used ( to use ) in order to find hot spots is n’t named either by Apple , or by the developer .
Still , the developer is clearly aware of what it has done wrong , although it did n’t necessarily know it was wrong when it developed WiFi -Where .
The application features a scan mode that finds all the nearby Wi -Fi hotspots .
“ WiFi - Where uses both the location capabilities ( GPS and cellular triangulation ) of the iPhone platform as well as the built in 802.11 radio to let you find any and all hotspots wherever you go , ” the developer claims .
The latter feature may be the cause of its purging , since the remaining Wi-Fi finders in the App Store find hot - spots only by using the iPhone ’s GPS , or network triangulation capabilities .
Also noteworthy is that , in addition to finding hotspots , WiFi-Where allowed users to upload scan results to the Wigle. net online database .
Moves such as this one are common at Apple , with the company constantly pulling or rejecting applications that use private frameworks .
These frameworks are only for the iPhone maker to employ , although Apple systematically opens them to developers , with new rules set in place every once in a while .
It 's like the last decade - and - a - half did n't happen !
After a fierce back - and - forth between people with lots of money , The Brothers Weinstein — financed by Billionaire Ron Burkle — have bought back the storied Miramax name and catalog .
When Miramax died this past January , Harvey Weinsten told the Wrap : " I 'm feeling very nostalgic right now . "
And so he and his brother Bob did what any aging rich person does when they feel nostalgic about something they owned in the prime of their youth :
They bought it all over again .
The Hollywood Reporter is reporting that the consortium of hedge funds and investment groups led by the Weinstens have won the bidding war for Miramax and its 611 film catalog .
They bid $ 600 million for the company , which they sold to Disney in 1993 for $ 80 million , beating out some brothers named Gores , who only put up a measley $ 550 million .
Should we worry about the new Miramax ?
After all , the Weinstein Company , which the brothers founded after leaving Miramax in 2005 , has been a financial disaster , even with the critical and box office success of Inglourious Basterds .
Just a few months ago they were laying off dozens of people to appease their creditors .
And , remember Nine ?
But the new Miramax will be funded by billionaire Ron Burkle and his rich buddies .
So the Weinstens get to run the show and concentrate on the fun stuff like making awesome movies and trying to bully critics into submission .
They used to be pretty good at that stuff .
Welcome back from the dead , Miramax !
How long until Pulp Fiction 2 ?
The president is expected to sign the law today while a companion piece of legislation is debated in the U.S. Senate .
Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said the law violates state sovereignty and individual rights by requiring individuals to buy health insurance or pay a tax penalty .
“ This is going to be a true battle between those in Washington , D.C. , who believe that they have unilateral , complete , unfettered power and those in the states who believe there are limits to congressional power , ” Abbott said .
States pledging to file the lawsuit are Texas , Alabama , Florida , South Carolina , Pennsylvania , Utah , Michigan , Nebraska and Washington , according to the Associated Press .
Other states are considering joining the lawsuit or filing legislation to seek exemption from the law .
But some in Texas believe such a lawsuit would be a purely political action without much merit .
State Rep. Garnet Coleman , D - Houston , one of President Obama 's state advocates for the health care legislation , said there is a long history of such lawsuits failing in the federal courts .
Coleman said the health care law is not unlike states requiring vaccinations for children to attend public schools .
And , he said , the requirements on individuals and businesses are similar to the civil rights laws ending separate accommodations for blacks in restaurants and motels .
Gerald Treece , a constitutional law professor at the South Texas College of Law , said the lawsuit could have some merit , but not now .
Treece said for the lawsuit to survive in federal courts , there will have to be a showing of damage .
Because the law will be phased in , the costs to individuals and the states will not occur for several years .
“ The law , I would break it out into the innings of a ballgame .
The first few innings wo n't be controversial , ” Treece said .
“ The outright warfare breaks out about two years from now . ”
Treece said lawsuits filed now likely would be more for “ political reasons ” than legal ones .
University of Houston constitutional law professor David Crump said he is not a fan of the health care bill , but said it will be hard to argue that Congress cannot make a law that is applicable to everyone in the country .
Perry backs effort
“ The state would have an uphill battle , ” Crump said .
“ It 's one thing to say it 's unwise , and it 's another to say it 's unconstitutional . ”
Gov. Rick Perry issued a statement supporting efforts to block the legislation .
“ Texas leaders will continue to do everything in our power to find ways to protect our families , taxpayers and medical providers from the federal government 's misguided efforts to take over our health care system and infringe upon the fundamental rights of individuals and the state , ” Perry said .
The state is estimating as many as 2 million people will be added to the Texas ' public health care system by 2023 .
The law starts an expansion of Medicaid in 2014 .
But Republicans , Democrats and human services advocates differ on how much the legislation will cost the state .
Perry and other Texas Republican leaders said the state Health and Human Services Commission is estimating the new legislation would cost taxpayers $ 24 billion between 2014 and 2023 .
Democrats say the legislation 's actual cost would be about $ 2.5 billion between now and 2020 , when the bill would face congressional re-authorization .
Disagreement on costs
The federal government will pick up all the cost of the new Medicaid enrollees through 2018 , but the state 's costs start rising after that .
One of the big differences in the estimates occurs because the state is counting costs in five years when federal funding for the new Medicaid enrollees drops from 100 percent to 90 percent .
The Democratic estimate only includes one full year at the lower level .
The Center for Public Policy Priorities , a human services advocacy organization , said at least $ 6 billion of the HHSC cost estimates include Medicaid and Children 's Health Insurance Program coverage for children who already are eligible but not enrolled .
Center policy analyst Anne Dunkelberg said the legislation should not have a major impact on the budget that will be written by lawmakers next year because the Medicaid caseloads will not start increasing until 2014 due to the law 's phase - in period .
Lawmakers are looking at a revenue shortfall next year of at least $ 12 billion .
rg.ratcliffe@chron.com
Ahmad Masood / Reuters
This blog has recently been examining poor Afghan marksmanship , focusing on remarkably bad Taliban performance with rifles in combat and some of the probable reasons behind it .
We ’ll shift now to a discussion of Afghan government units , which regularly provide an opportunity to assess outgoing fire .
Puncturing some of the legends of Afghan fighting prowess has value for at least two reasons .
First , when assessing the Taliban and other insurgent organizations — which few people dispute form a resolved and adaptive force – it is important to be wary of exaggerating their traditional fighting skills , as opposed to their social and political skills , their effectiveness as criminal organizations , and their shift in recent years toward improvised explosives .
The Taliban ’s shoddy marksmanship also raises questions about how fighting in Afghanistan has evolved .
Is the Taliban ’s shift toward using improvised explosives an indication that they have learned from the insurgents ’ experience in Iraq ?
Or is it an indication that the Taliban realized that their rifle fire was usually ineffective ?
Both ?
Second , when the discussion turns to deficiencies in the marksmanship of government troops , the conversation has another use .
It provides insights into the overall state of the government security forces .
And it leads to a natural question :
What return has the United States received in Afghanistan on its extraordinary investment in the Afghan National Army ?
More on that in a moment .
First , let ’s look quickly at behaviors that Tyler Hicks and I have observed of Afghan government troops and their rifle skills ; the first two views are made possible by two of Tyler ’s pictures from operations in different provinces .
In them , behaviors that guarantee errant shooting are obvious .
Tyler Hicks / The New York Times
The first is of an Afghan soldier fighting out of an ambush in Oruzgan Province in early 2007 .
He is firing his Romanian - made Kalashnikov assault rifle while pointing it from his shoulder without putting his eye to the sights .
This was a complex ambush , with Taliban fighters firing on a joint Afghan - Dutch patrol from multiple shooting positions that all but surrounded the patrol .
The initial ranges were not long – a little more than 150 meters .
But the ranges were much too long for this kind of shooting style to have more than a suppressive effect , especially because the Taliban fighters were behind walls or firing from within vegetation , and presenting very small targets .
Pointing is not aiming .
American trainers in Afghanistan endlessly tell their Afghan trainees not to fight this way , but this kind of shooting remains on regular display .
During one brief firefight in Marja , we watched three Afghan soldiers lean their rifles on a wall and pull the triggers one - handed , sending rounds off into the sky at about a 20 - degree angle .
That ’s not aiming , either .
It ’s barely even pointing .
( As an aside , if you noticed the mud clinging to the bottom of this soldier ’s muzzle and the rifle - cleaning rod , it ’s there not because the man had poor rifle - cleaning habits .
Like most everyone on that patrol , at the start of the ambush he had dropped in a wet poppy field , and he had been crawling and dashing and fighting for his life in the minutes afterward .
You can see the same mud on his knee , elbow , shoulder and magazine pouches .
Many Afghans do pay attention to a weapon ’s cleanliness .
This is one matter that is often tended to . )
Tyler Hicks / The New York Times
The next picture is of another Afghan soldier , this time in an overwatch position in Korangal Valley in 2009 , above the village of Donga .
Look closely at the soldier ’s olive - green rifle sling – it is wrapped tightly around the front sight post of his assault rifle , blocking his sight picture .
This rendered the sights useless .
The range in this case was at least 400 meters , arguably beyond the outer limit at which a soldier could be expected to hit a man-size target with a Kalashnikov and iron sights .
This is pointing - not - aiming writ large .
( Another aside to the observant : Yes , there is one encouraging sign on this picture .
The position of the rifle ’s selector lever — visible just above the soldier ’s extended right index finger — shows that the soldier had set his rifle to fire semiautomatically , and not on automatic .
That was the right choice for the range at hand .
Hand - held automatic fire does have its uses .
This was not a situation for it . )
The third example was in the mountains of Nuristan Province in 2008 , during a very dark night , so we have no pictures .
An American unit worked from a tiny outpost with an Afghan platoon .
As part of their duties , the Afghans manned an observation and listening post in a spur of high ground nearby .
Taliban attacks were common , though most attacks were small - scale .
On this night , the Afghan soldiers on the listening post panicked , and opened fire .
For several minutes they emptied their magazines into the darkness .
It developed into a roaring crescendo of fire .
What they were shooting at , no one could say .
The Americans with night - vision equipment saw nothing .
It took several minutes of shouting to get the firing to stop , and then it might have stopped because the Afghans needed to reload .
( Not all of the ill - discipline was Afghan ; one American private first class leapt from his bunk , stepped out from his sleeping bunker and fired a magazine from his M - 4 carbine into one of the steep hill faces directly in front .
Poor discipline can be contagious . )
What do these three examples suggest ?
The wild shooting , and position of the soldier ’s sling , speak not just to a poor appreciation of the fundamentals of marksmanship , but also to the low state of small - unit leadership .
In any self - respecting Western unit , a noncommissioned officer or lieutenant would not permit a soldier to wrap a sling around a rifle in this way .
In Afghan units , a soldier can patrol like this for hours .
No one says a thing .
And the free - for - all on the hilltop was the sort of display that makes well - trained soldiers cringe — not to mention the way it rattles local villagers and serves to undermine efforts at securing local trust .
And this is perhaps , in the eyes of one senior American trainer , what is most worrisome about the marksmanship habits of Afghan soldiers — what they indicate .
Unlike the Taliban , the Afghan Army has the backing of a large and well - off conventional military force .
It can not blame poor performance on the poor condition of its rifles , or to mismatched ammunition , or to an absence of entry - level training and professional supervision .
American taxpayers provide functioning equipment and underwrite formal training , along with mentoring in the field .
But it is not unusual to see Afghan troops who seem , on patrol and in firefights , to have a very limited sense of basic fighting skills .
One senior American trainer , with several years of experience with Afghan recruits and their training program , sent several e-mail messages last year discussing institutional shortfalls in preparing Afghan soldiers for war .
( The officer asked not to be named in print , because he has continued to work alongside Afghan and American trainers ; identifying him might endanger his job . )
The officer said that the way training has been conducted almost guarantees poor marksmanship skills .
Soldiers are not required to qualify on their assigned weapon ( M - 16 ) prior to graduation .
A fitness test is not required either .
The list goes on and on .
Soldiers “ graduate ” from basic and advanced training simply because they did not go AWOL .
If they are present on graduation day then off they go to their units .
Since this trainer wrote that paragraph , the Obama administration has emphasized preparing Afghan security forces to assume a greater role in the war .
This week , the same trainer said that the problems remain , and that after years of working with Afghan soldiers , and an extraordinary investment of American money and soldiers ’ time , “ two fundamentals are missing from that army .
The first is discipline .
There really is none .
And the second is accountability . ”
Next week we will close our series on this theme with a post about the Taliban ’s recent use of snipers , which will be accompanied by a video .
Hi !
I present some interesting numbers regarding startup times and memory footprints .
This started as a simple list but grew and expanded as raster pushed me along .
I really only needed a little bit of data for my Uni assignment to put in a CSS table .
It ’s now a fairly comprehensive test .
These results come from my system , with a slight bit of tweaking to make all the environments used to my liking , yet quite minimal .
Results obviously vary from system to system and this is the raw results I found on my system .
Your results may differ .
( Now with shiny graphs ! )
Toma .
Results :
Environment
Mem base : Used Mem – Used Buffers &Cache
Mem user : Same with Chrome +
Xterm loaded
Time : Time from boot to loaded environment .
+/- 0.2 secs
Mem Base Comp : Total memory usage – ( X11 + Xterm ) memory usage
Time Base Comp : Boot time – Base Boot Time
X11 + Xterm
Mem base : 438792 – 231104 = 207.688 mb
Time : 19.8 secs
E17
Mem base : 459368 – 245360 = 214.008 mb
Mem user : 627860 – 348424 = 279.436 mb
Time : 21.4 secs
Mem Base Comp : 6.32 mb
Time Base Comp : 1.6 secs
XFCE
Mem base : 556552 – 306304 = 250.248 mb
Mem user : 746440 – 435060 = 311.380 mb
Time : 26.4 secs
Mem Base Comp : 42.56 mb
Time Base Comp : 6.6 secs
Fluxbox
Mem base : 445740 – 232680 = 213.060 mb
Mem user : 611544 – 341940 = 269.604 mb
Time : 21.8 secs
Mem Base Comp : 5.372 mb
Time Base Comp : 2.0 secs
Gnome
Mem base : 652904 – 370628 = 282.276 mb
Mem user : 809520 – 470540 = 338.980 mb
Time : 32.1 secs
Mem Base Comp : 74.588 mb
Time Base Comp : 12.3 secs
KDE Software Compilation ® 4.3.2
Mem base : 1032896 – 650124 = 382.772 mb
Mem user : 1197904 – 753468 = 444.436 mb
Time : 35.9 secs
Mem Base Comp : 175.084 mb
Time Base Comp : 16.1 secs
*** Each environment was slightly tweaked to make it
more user friendly and usable .
They are all very close
to being a default setup .
GDM auto - login was used .
64bit Ubuntu 9.10 system with KDE , Gnome , Flux all from
the default repos .***
Robots may be taking your place on the factory floor , but they ’re also aiming for higher goals : replacing fireworks and conquering the sky .
MIT ’s Flyfire project uses a swarm of miniature helicopters with embedded LED lights to act as ‘ smart pixels ’ as they fly through the air .
Acting in concert they will be able to form complex three dimensional shapes – digital displays that will awe you more than exploding chemicals ever could .
Not only will the pixels change color , the 3D dynamic movement will create an immersive experience that you can view from any angle .
According to a recent press release , MIT only has a few of these micro-copters up and flying at the moment , but they want to scale up the project to large numbers quickly .
They ’ve produced an awesome demonstration video with a few shots of the copters and a lot of simulated footage .
Check it out below :
Swarm robots are really coming into their own .
They ’re set to explore the ocean , play football , even cooperate or trick each other to get resources .
The MIT Flyfire project is the most visually grabbing of the group .
A collaboration between the Senseable City Lab , and the ARES Lab , Flyfire could reshape the way we think of public displays .
Yet , relatively speaking , the Flyfire copters are fairly large for swarm robots .
I wonder what will happen as miniaturization and improved energy efficiency provide for smaller and brighter smart pixels .
Could we have true 3D displays that move around and interact with us ?
If you can project a moving face onto Flyfire , could you use it for telepresence ?
I would love to interact with friends as a giant swarm of glowing helicopters .
Would n’t you ?
It may be too early to know how successful the Flyfire project will be ( a handful of bots is far from a swarm ) .
I hope it will be one of the endeavors which take the physical world and allow it to “ wake up ” by filling it with digital information and displays .
The future is going to look amazing .
[ image and video credits : MIT ’s Senseable City Lab ]
What 's more terrifying than a call coming from inside the house ?
The call coming from inside the theater .
That 's the thought behind Last Call , an interactive horror film in which the main character calls a random audience member for help .
Advertisement
Even though they know their efforts are useless , moviegoers have long tried to help the ill - fated protagonists of horror movies .
" Run ! " " Hide ! " " Do n't go down there ! "
In Last Call , a new German movie , the characters are finally willing to listen .
Audience members supply their cell numbers at the beginning of the screening and , at one point in the movie , one phone is selected to receive a call from the character on screen .
Voice recognition software listens for the moviegoer 's commands and the story unfolds based on their instructions .
From the looks of things it seems like it's a " left " or " right , " " stay " or " flee " type of thing , so your exhortations for the main character to take off her clothes will likely go unfulfilled .
Advertisement
13th Street , the company that developed the film , bills it as the " first interactive horror movie . "
It 'll probably end up making things goofier than spookier , I imagine , but they 're right about one thing : putting the character 's fate in the audience 's control is a scary prospect .
[ Jawbone via Maria Popova ]
March 10 , 2010 7 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own .
Veronica Rose , founder and CEO of Aurora Electric , a Jamaica , N.Y. , electrical contracting company , has spent nearly 20 years successfully bidding on government contracts .
One of the first women to obtain a master electrician 's license in a heavily male - dominated industry , Rose has worked on major projects at JFK International Airport and the World Trade Center .
Her seven - person firm boasts a customer list that includes General Electric , NBC and Columbia University .
So how much of the $ 787 billion in stimulus money that the government approved last year has ended up in Aurora Electric 's bank account ?
" We have n't seen any of it , " Rose says .
" The stimulus money went to the big infrastructure companies that build highways and bridges -- the bigger , deeper , heavier part of our industry where you have to be a big company in order to compete . "
Aurora Electric is not alone .
A year after the government rolled out the biggest economic stimulus plan in history , small businesses like Rose 's are wondering where the money went and why so little of it came their way .
While VC - backed startups like Tesla Motors , the Palo Alto , Calif. , company that makes electric cars , got a $ 465 million taxpayer loan , most of the stimulus dollars have ended up in the pockets of big companies that employ thousands of workers , not the millions of small businesses like Rose 's that each employ only a handful .
In fact , much of the stimulus money has gone to government agencies , bypassing the private sector completely .
According to a recent analysis by The Wall Street Journal , $ 112 billion of the $ 179 billion in stimulus funds shelled out last year went to state governments to plug the gaps in education , Medicaid and unemployment benefits budgets or to boost funding for food stamps and other social services programs .
An additional $ 700 million was spent on administration , and about $ 47 billion went toward transfer payments , such as $ 250 checks for Social Security recipients .
Some $ 70 billion in social spending is in the pipeline already , the Journal reported , including grants for local organizations conducting job training programs .
What 's more , ground has yet to be broken on many projects that were touted as " shovel - ready " as government agencies in charge of high - speed rail construction and electric vehicle initiatives struggle to get organized .
Only about $ 20 billion was handed out for infrastructure projects in the first year of the stimulus plan , the Journal reported .
Widely touted " signature " projects -- such as $ 20 billion for doctors to create electronic medical records , $ 4.5 billion for an energy Smart Grid and $ 7.2 billion for broadband networks -- are still in their early stages .
But while small businesses saw only a trickle of stimulus money last year , better news is on the way in 2010 and 2011 , stimulus experts say .
Deniece Peterson , manager of industry analysis at INPUT Inc. , a Reston , Va. , market research firm that analyzes government spending , says that roughly $ 6 billion of the $ 21 billion earmarked for businesses that contract with the federal government either directly or through a partner has been set aside for small businesses , defined by the SBA as businesses that employ 500 workers or fewer .
Most of that money will go toward businesses in infrastructure - related industries such as construction , engineering , environmental services , and research and development .
" The industries that will benefit the most from the stimulus program are the ones that have the biggest job - creation impact and are aligned with President Obama 's priorities , " Peterson says .
One of the reasons why the stimulus funds have been slow to reach small businesses , Peterson says , is because much of the money went to state governments that have yet to parcel it out .
While companies that work directly with the federal government should start seeing money faster , many of the federal projects are still tied up in red tape and could take a year or longer to get started .
" We 're seeing 2010 and 2011 as the years when the bulk of the money will start flowing , " Peterson says .
" The government is actually doing a good job of spending the money quickly . "
But for small businesses in retail or service industries not related to construction or infrastructure , the stimulus package wo n't offer much relief this year or next .
" The biggest losers of the stimulus program have been the traditional mom-and - pop businesses , and that 's been borne out by all the ' For Lease ' signs along the main streets of America , " says Bob Coleman , editor of The Coleman Report and an SBA lending expert .
Although the stimulus plan increased the SBA 's 7 ( a ) loan guarantees to 90 percent of a qualifying loan and temporarily cut or eliminated fees , banks are still leery of lending to small businesses .
According to a U.S. Treasury Department report released in January , the nation 's largest banks cut their small - business loan balances by another $ 1 billion in November 2009 , marking the seventh straight month of declines .
The banks ' total lending fell 4.6 percent in that seven - month period to $ 256.8 billion , the Treasury Department said .
" The banks are picking the winners and the losers , " Coleman says .
" When you have General Motors and Chrysler in trouble , who can the bankers really trust ? "
What about local car dealers who saw sales skyrocket last year when the government 's Cash for Clunkers program gave consumers up to $ 4,500 for their trade - ins ?
" All that did was accelerate future purchases , " Coleman says .
" If you look at restaurants and hotels , there 's still too much supply compared to the weak consumer demand . "
If the majority of small - business owners are to see any benefit from the government 's stimulus program , however , it 's likely to come in the form of an increase in SBA - backed loans , which now appear to be on the upswing .
Despite the big banks ' reluctance to lend to small businesses , the SBA 's 7 ( a ) lending program guaranteed 12,393 loans for a total of $ 3.8 billion in the quarter ending Dec. 31 , 2009 , a 37 percent increase from a year ago at the height of the financial crisis .
On Feb. 22 , the SBA reactivated the queues for Recovery Act loan applications , the applications that were conditionally approved by the SBA while awaiting the availability of additional Recovery Act funds .
" We 've seen some lending interest from banks this year , but the terms are more expensive and have made us cautious as we evaluate the best options , " says Sanjyot Dunung of Atma Global , Inc. , a small New York City multimedia education publisher .
" Even with personal guarantees and the SBA guarantee , it still seems that there are fewer options for firms in our industry . "
Dunung says that she would like to see the SBA start lending directly to businesses , similar to the way the government runs its student - loan program .
" This would make the process more streamlined , faster , and likely provide for better terms for firms like ours , " she says .
For small contractors like Veronica Rose of Aurora Electric , who had hoped for a shot at some stimulus money , it 's back to business as usual .
Rose says her firm is currently working on a large government project she originally bid on in 2005 in addition to smaller projects for customers that her firm has been working with for years .
" It 's like the bailout , " she says .
" Most of the money will go to the big guys . "
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A tiny Japanese insect that could help the fight against an aggressive superweed has been given the go - ahead for a trial release in England .
Since Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK it has rapidly spread , and the plant currently costs over £ 150 m a year to control and clear .
But scientists say a natural predator in the weed 's native home of Japan could also help to control it here .
The insect will initially be released in a handful of sites this spring .
This is the first time that biocontrol - the use of a " natural predator " to control a pest - has been used in the EU to fight a weed .
Wildlife Minister Huw Irranca - Davies said : " These tiny insects , which naturally prey on Japanese Knotweed , will help free local authorities and industry from the huge cost of treating and killing this devastating plant . "
Alien invaders Japanese knotweed was introduced to the UK by the Victorians as an ornamental plant , but it soon escaped from gardens and began its rampant spread throughout the UK .
It grows incredibly quickly - more than one metre a month - and rapidly swamps any other vegetation in its path .
It is so hardy that it can burst through tarmac and concrete , causing costly damage to pavements , roads and buildings .
Green Room : Hailing the arrival of alien predators
But removal is difficult and expensive ; new estimates suggest it costs the UK economy £ 150 m a year .
However , in Japan , the plant is common but does not rage out of control like it does in the UK , thanks to the natural predators that keep it in check .
Scientists at Cabi - a not - for - profit agricultural research organisation - used this as their starting point to track down a potential knotweed solution .
They looked at the superweed 's natural predators - nearly 200 species of plant - eating insects and about 40 species of fungi - with the aim of finding one with an appetite for Japanese knotweed and little else .
After testing their candidates on 90 different UK plant species , including plants closely related to Japanese knotweed such as bindweeds and important crops and ornamental species , they discovered a psyllid called Aphalara itadori was the best control agent .
The little insect feeds on the sap of the superweed , stunting its growth .
Dr Dick Shaw , the lead researcher on the project from Cabi , told BBC News : " Safety is our top priority .
We are lucky that we do have an extremely specific agent - it just eats invasive knotweeds . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Following peer review by the Advisory Committee on Releases to the Environment and a public consultation , the UK government has now given the go - ahead for release of Aphalara itadori , under licence , in England .
The Welsh Assembly is expected to announce its decision on the psyllid soon .
The insects will initially be released on a handful of sites .
These will be isolated and , in addition to as having the superweed present , will also have UK species that are closely related to Japanese knotweed planted there to check that the psyllid only targets the invasive species .
Dr Shaw said : " In the early stages , a contingency plan is in place so that should , in the unlikely event , any unintended consequences be detected , we will be able to do something about it .
" Insecticide and herbicide treatment will be on standby for rapid response . "
If this phase is successful , the insect will be released at further sites , where it will undergo an intensive monitoring programme over the next five years .
Dr Shaw said : " On the localised sites , I would expect to see damaged knotweed this season .
" However , biocontrol is a long - term strategy - it could take five to 10 years to have a real impact . "
The government believes that if the plan is successful it will reduce the costs to the building and engineering industries of clearing the plant .
However , some critics say that it is impossible to be certain that the Japanese insect will only target the superweed and could attack other species once in the wild .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ordinary Australians expect to be able to buy their own home .
Young and lower - income Australians are fed up with policies that work against them being able to do so .
The proportion of homes they can afford to buy is shrinking year by year - right now , month by month .
For a bold government , there is an opportunity to cut through and make big reforms by appealing to people 's sense of fairness and the need to get policy back on track .
In one swoop , it should remove the two big tax distortions of the market .
End the exemption of the family home from capital gains tax .
End the tax break for negative gearing - or limit it to new homes built by the investor .
And , at the very least , require temporary residents to report their property purchases , so we can know whether we have a problem or not .
Over time , those changes will bring down housing prices relative to income .
Tax breaks for housing have inflated house prices .
Phase them out , and prices will fall back into a range that ordinary people can afford .
Last week , the Tax Office reported that at least 1.2 million Australians - one in every 10 taxpayers - are now negatively geared landlords .
On average , in 2007 - 08 , they claimed losses of more than $ 200 a week on their properties .
This gave them a tax break of about $ 5 billion that year - 4 per cent of all income tax revenue .
In effect , other taxpayers had to pay that $ 5 billion to subsidise their losses .
As public policy , this is ridiculous .
But since negative gearing was restored in 1987 , this tax break and the decision to halve the tax rate on capital gains have seen investors ' share of finance to buy existing homes jump from 8 per cent to 40 per cent .
Those squeezed out were first home buyers .
My article last week led to an interesting debate on The Age website , and later on the Business Spectator website .
Not surprisingly , many landlords argue passionately that negative gearing is good for us - but mainly because they misunderstand how the housing market works .
Let 's take those arguments , and see how they stack up to reality .
Claim 1 : If tax breaks for negative gearing were limited to offsetting rental income , landlords would pull out of the market .
This would create a shortage of rental housing , and drive up rents .
The victims would be the renters .
Response :
This is a basic misunderstanding of something that is quite simple .
If a house is not sold to a landlord , it will be sold to someone buying their own home .
There will be one less home for rent , and one less household looking for rental accommodation .
Supply will fall by one , demand will fall by one .
There will be no change in the balance of supply and demand , hence no shortage , and hence no rent rises on this score .
It would be different if investors stopped building new housing .
But 91 per cent of lending to investors is for purchase of existing homes .
One option for reform is to restrict the tax break to construction of new homes .
Claim 2 : We saw what happened when the negative gearing tax break was abolished in 1985 .
Investors stopped building new homes and and rents soared .
That will happen again .
Response : Sorry , but that is an urban myth .
Yes , construction fell , but by investors and owner - occupiers alike , and why ?
Because interest rates soared to 17.5 per cent for investors and 15.5 per cent for owner - occupiers .
Even so , construction by investors was a higher share of GDP in those years than in 2009 .
As for rents , Bureau of Statistics figures show capital city rents rose 22 per cent in the two years when the tax break was abolished , and 23 per cent in the following two years after it was restored .
End of urban myth !
Claim 3 : Investors in all kind of assets are allowed to write off losses against income from other sources .
To restrict rental investors to writing off losses against rental income only would introduce a new distortion that would simply push investment elsewhere .
Response :
This argument normally has force .
But when 70 per cent of housing investors are claiming losses , we have a distortion here and now .
It is sending investment into activities that clearly do no good to the economy , and harm those who want to be able to buy their own homes .
The problem is not landlords : they will always have an important social role .
The problem is the tax laws , and the politicians on both sides who lack the courage to right the wrong done to younger and lower - income Australians .
We also need to build more homes , especially in inner and middle suburbs where people want to live .
But that is another story , for another day .
Tim Colebatch is economics editor .
by
Chaplain Mike received this update from Denise Spencer today .
It is with a heavy heart that I bring my latest update on Michael .
We have learned that his cancer is too advanced and too aggressive to expect any sort of remission .
Our oncologist estimates that with continued treatment Michael most likely has somewhere between six months and a year to live .
This is not really a surprise to us , though it is certainly horrible news .
From the very beginning , both of us have suspected that this would prove to be an extremely bad situation .
I do n’t know why ; perhaps God was preparing us for the worst all along by giving us that intuition .
The combination of the cancer and the chemotherapy is keeping Michael in a very weakened state .
He is in bed all day , getting up once or twice only to eat a “ meal . ”
His meals consist mostly of Ensure , with occasional mugs of soup , dishes of ice cream and milkshakes .
He ’s still taking fluids well , currently preferring Sprite and ginger ale .
His tastes do change slightly from time to time , and I try to be ready to jump in whatever direction they seem to be moving .
He is in no pain at all , for which I am unspeakably grateful .
Michael went through a period of depression , as I ’m sure you would expect .
He seems to have come through that now , for the most part .
He knows he is dying , and he says he is at peace .
Though he will still say with unashamed honesty , “ I do n’t want it to all be over at age 53 ! ” he has the confidence of knowing that he has run the race God set out for him .
He believes he has done the work our Lord intended for him to do , and if the last task God has for him in this life is dying , then he will do that to the best of his ability .
Through all of this , in every phase of illness , diagnosis and treatment , Michael ’s faith has not wavered .
I know most readers love Michael for , among other things , the transparency of his writings .
If I may be allowed such honesty for just a moment , I will confess that I have been amazed at how strong Michael has been spiritually and emotionally from the very beginning of this ghastly journey .
Day by day I continue to see the Holy Spirit at work in him , molding him , softening him , giving him a more childlike faith than I believe he has ever known .
When the moment comes , I am assured Michael will be ready .
I am the one who does n’t want to let go .
Words can never express our gratitude for every thought , every gift , every note , every prayer you have blessed us with .
Please pray for continued peace and strength for Michael , for me , and for Noel and Clay .
This is the most difficult thing we have ever been through , and only with God ’s help can we make it .
I ’ve written rather a lot about rates of forest loss around the world , including accumulated estimates of tropical forest loss and increasing fragmentation / loss in the boreal forest ( see Bradshaw et al. 2009 Front Ecol Evol & Bradshaw et al. 2009 Trends Ecol Evol ) .
For the tropics in particular , we used the index that an area of rain forest about the size of Bangladesh (> 15 million hectares ) was disappearing each year , and in Russia alone , annual decline in forest area averaged 1.1 million hectares between 1988 and 1993 .
Mind boggling , really .
But some of these estimates were a bit old , relied on some imprecise satellite data , and did n’t differentiate forest types well .
In addition , many have questioned whether the rates are continuing and which countries are being naughty or nice with respect to forest conservation .
It was great therefore when I came across a new paper in PNAS by Hansen & colleagues entitled Quantification of global gross forest cover loss because it answered many of the latter questions .
Part of the problem in assessing worldwide forest cover loss in the past was the expense of satellite imagery , access problems , data storage and processing issues .
Happily , new satellite streams and easing of access has rectified many of these limitations .
Hansen & colleagues took advantage of data from the MODIS sensor to create a stratification for forest cover loss .
They then used the Landsat ETM + sensor as the primary data for quantifying gross forest cover loss for the entire planet from 2000 to 2005 .
They defined ‘ forest cover ’ as “ … 25 % or greater canopy closure at the Landsat pixel scale ( 30 - m × 30 - m spatial resolution ) for trees > 5 m in height ” .
For your reading pleasure ( and conservation horror ) , the salient features were :
Russia has the most extensive forest cover , followed by Brazil , Canada and USA
Estimated area of gross forest cover loss at the global scale is 1,011,000 km 2 , or 3.1 % of year 2000 forest area ( 0.6 % per year from 2000 to 2005 )
, or 3.1 % of year 2000 forest area ( 0.6 % per year from 2000 to 2005 ) Gross forest cover loss was highest in the boreal biome , with fire ( increasing mainly due to human - induced fragmentation – Bradshaw et al. 2009 Trends Ecol Evol ) accounting for 60 % of that loss ( bad Russia ! )
The humid tropics had the second - highest gross forest cover loss , due mainly to broad - scale clearing for agriculture in Brazil , Indonesia and Malaysia ( bad Brazil ! bad Indonesia ! bad Malaysia ! )
Fortunately (? ) , when expressed as proportion lost from the 2000 extent estimates , the humid tropics is the least disturbed
The Amazon interior is the largest remaining ‘ intact ’ forest , followed by the Congo basin
The dry tropics has the 3 rd - highest gross forest cover loss , with Australia , Brazil , Argentina and Paraguay accounting for most of this ( bad Australia et alia ! )
- highest gross forest cover loss , with Australia , Brazil , Argentina and Paraguay accounting for most of this ( bad Australia et alia ! )
Although the temperate biome had the lowest forest cover ( due mainly to forest clearances long , long ago ) , it had the 2 nd - highest proportional gross forest cover loss
- highest proportional gross forest cover loss North America has the greatest area of gross forest cover loss , followed by Asia and South America ( bad North America ! )
North America alone accounts for ~ 30 % of global gross forest cover loss , and has the highest proportional gross forest cover loss at 5.1 % ( double - bad North America ! )
Brazil has the highest gross national forest cover loss of any nation ( bad , bad , bad Brazil ! )
Indonesia and the Democratic Republic of Congo are next in line for tropical countries ( bad Indonesia & DRC ! )
USA has the highest proportional global forest cover loss since 2000 ( bad America ! )
Despite previous estimates suggesting that Canada has had little forest loss , the new estimates place it second in terms of gross forest cover loss only to Brazil ( bad Canada ! )
Bottom line ?
Everyone ’s a bastard .
We all have a lot of work to do ( sigh ) .
CJA Bradshaw
Hansen , M. , Stehman , S. , & Potapov , P. ( 2010 ) .
Quantification of global gross forest cover loss Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0912668107
Figure 4 . Comparison of the accumulated number of food alerts and the transgressor indices .
A new international food safety monitoring tool has been developed to track food safety violations by country , and the results do not look good for the U.S. , which ranks among the top five most dangerous countries in food safety .
by Kristen Ridley March 18 , 2010 Change.org
A new international food safety monitoring tool has been developed to track food safety offenses by country , and the results do n’t look good for the U.S.
It joins China , Turkey , Iran , and Spain as the five countries with the worst records of food safety .
The new tool uses massive amounts of food recall data collected from 2003 to 2008 to make it ’s calculations , and it ’s all available online in a user - friendly format for anyone to see , even if it is still obviously geared towards researchers .
According to one of the tool ’s developers , D. P. Naughton , “ No other system can reflect the complexity of this information in a snapshot form . ”
This advanced level of food safety analysis should prove particularly useful to developing countries , many of which still do n’t have comprehensive food safety programs .
This is perhaps the first time such a massive amount of food recall data has been compiled and analyzed in this way , and the results should wake America up .
Why is the richest nation in the world doing such a terrible job protecting its citizens from food contamination ?
The answer to that question is complex , but a two simple things are clear :
Our industrial system that prioritizes speed and low cost is dangerous , and we need to do something about it now .
Kristen Ridley is an artist , foodie , and aspiring grass farmer who earned her Bachelor ’s Degree at the University of Southern California .
She is focused on the production side of sustainable food and the obstacles facing those attempting to start or maintain an ethical , sustainable , profitable farm .
PS : if you go to the Change.org website , do n’t automatically rubberstamp its call to support S 510 .
Read this first :
The following list of products and tools provide web application security scanner functionality .
Note that the tools on this list are not being endorsed by the Web Application Security Consortium - any tool that provides web application security scanning functionality will be listed here .
If you know of a tool that should be added to this list , please contact Brian Shura at bshura73@gmail.com .
Commercial Tools
Software - as - a- Service Providers
Free / Open Source Tools
Am deutschen Wesen kann Europa nicht genesen Jens Berger
Die Kritik an Deutschland wird lauter - Lohndumping und Leistungsbilanzüberschüsse der Deutschen stehen einer gesunden Eurozone im Weg
" It takes two to tango " – mit diesen Worten brach gestern die französische Finanzministerin Christine Lagarde ein Tabu .
Die deutsche Exportfixierung , mit der Lohndumping , eine geringe Binnennachfrage und neoliberale Reformen einhergehen , stellt für die Stabilität Europas ein unüberwindbares Hindernis dar .
Ungewöhnlich offen kritisierte Lagarde die nun zehnjährige Periode der deutschen Niedriglohnpolitik , die der deutschen Exportbranche Vorteile auf Kosten der Nachbarländer beschert hat .
Daher fordert die französische Finanzministerin Deutschland auf , endlich auf eine nachhaltige Politik zu setzen , die Wettbewerbsvorteile abzubauen und damit die Eurozone vor einem Auseinanderbrechen zu bewahren .
Tabubruch
Lagardes Vorstoß ist weder neu noch überraschend .
Bereits vor einem
Jahr rügten die europäischen Finanz - und Wirtschaftsminister die deutsche Niedriglohnpolitik bei einem gemeinsamen Treffen im slowenischen Bdro scharf .
In den deutschen Medien wurde darüber freilich nicht berichtet .
Wenn eine französische Finanzministerin im Vorfeld des EU - Finanzministertreffens , auf dem Wege aus der Griechenlandkrise auf der Agenda stehen , dem Nachbarn derart die Leviten liest , bleibt dies hierzulande natürlich nicht unbemerkt .
Prompt beschweren sich der SPIEGEL und die Süddeutsche Zeitung über ein vermeintliches " Deutschland - Bashing " der Franzosen und die Welt unkt phanatisevoll , unsere Nachbarn seien ja nur " neidisch " und wollten " uns ausbremsen " .
Gesamtwirtschaftliches Verständnis hört in deutschen Massenmedien an der Redaktionspforte auf und jegliche Kritik am deutschen Weg wird als Blasphemie abgetan .
Wenn man sich die Fakten anschaut , kommt man jedoch kaum daran vorbei , Frau Lagarde in allen Punkten Recht zu geben .
Fakten , Fakten , Fakten
Laut Eurostat sind die deutschen Löhne zwischen 1995 und 2006 um gerade einmal 9,5 % gestiegen – dies ist weniger als die Inflation und entspricht einer Reallohnkürzung .
Im Vergleichszeitraum stiegen die Löhne in Frankreich um 49 % , in Spanien um 103 % und in Großbritannien gar um 128 % .
Natürlich hat diese Niedriglohnpolitik auch die deutsche Wirtschaft wettbewerbsfähiger gemacht .
Seit Einführung des Euro sind die Lohnstückkosten in Deutschland um 14 % gesunken , während sie in Griechenland stabil blieben , in Portugal um 5 % , in Spanien um 28 % und in Italien gar um 46 % gestiegen sind .
Mit den Löhnen steigt natürlich auch die Nachfrage nach Gütern – so konsumierten die Franzosen im Jahre 2006 29 % mehr Güter und Dienstleistungen als zehn Jahre zuvor .
Die Briten leisteten sich 43 % , die Spanier sogar 61 % mehr als vor einem Jahrzehnt .
Während halb Europa sich mehr leisten kann , muss Deutschland knausern – die Niedriglohnpolitik hat dazu geführt , dass Deutschland in der letzten Dekade gerade einmal 9 % mehr Waren und Dienstleistungen konsumierte .
Deutschland produziert demnach von Jahr zu Jahr billiger , exportiert von Jahr zu Jahr mehr und konsumiert von Jahr zu Jahr weniger als seine Nachbarn .
Funktionieren kann dieses eigenwillige „ Erfolgsmodell " jedoch nur , weil die Europäer nicht allesamt „ Deutsche “ sind .
Zwei Drittel aller deutschen Exporte gehen nämlich in die EU , fast jeder zweite Euro , den Deutschland mit dem Export verdient , stammt aus den Ländern der Eurozone .
Der " Sündenbock " Griechenland importiert pro Jahr Waren im Wert von rund 8,3 Milliarden Euro aus Deutschland , exportiert aber lediglich Waren im Wert von rund 1,9 Milliarden Euro nach Deutschland .
Der deutsche Handelsbilanzüberschuss mit den sechs Eurozonenländern Belgien , Griechenland , Frankreich , Italien , Portugal und Spanien betrug allein im letzen Jahr 367 Milliarden Euro .
Hätten diese Staaten die deutsche Niedriglohnpolitik kopiert , würde der deutsche Export nicht derart florieren .
Die Menschen in den betreffenden Ländern wären ärmer und würden allgemein weniger Güter nachfragen und aufgrund ihrer geringeren Löhne auch günstiger produzieren .
Der deutsche Export boomt , weil andere Staaten eine nachfrageorientierte Politik betreiben .
Soll Europa deutscher werden ?
Ginge es nach der deutschen Politik , so hieße der Ausweg aus der Eurokrise , dass ganz Europa " deutsch " werden muss .
Den Gürtel enger schnallen , Ausgaben und Löhne kürzen und so zum Exportweltmeister werden .
Diese Vorstellung ist allerdings gesamtwirtschaftlicher Nonsense .
Der Überschuss des Einen ist immer das Defizit des Anderen .
Deutschland kann nur dann Handelsbilanzüberschüsse erzielen , wenn andere Länder Handelsbilanzdefizite aufweisen .
Deutschland ist deshalb Deutschland , weil andere Staaten es nicht sind .
Während exorbitante Ungleichgewichte im Außenhandel normalerweise über eine Auf - und Abwertung der Währungen ausgeglichen werden , ist dieses Korrektiv in einem gemeinsamen Währungsraum nicht möglich .
Die Geburt des Eurosystems krankt an den strukturellen Ungleichgewichten der ungleichen Partner .
Es ist jedoch falsch , den Schwarzen Peter an die Defizitsünder weiterzugeben .
Der relative Nachteil des einen Staates ist in einer Währungsunion immer auch der relative Vorteil eines anderen Staates .
Will man innerhalb einer Währungsunion ausgeglichene Bilanzen oder gar die Annährung der Lebensverhältnisse , so muss der defizitäre Teil der Union schneller wachsen als der produktivere .
Nur wenn die PIIGS - Staaten auf lange Zeit höhere Produktivitätszuwächse als Deutschland haben und sich so die Lücke schließt , kann man von einer gesunden Zukunft des Eurosystems sprechen .
Deutschland kann nicht ewig ein gigantisches schwarzes Loch im Eurosystem sein , das Kapital seiner Nachbarn aufsaugt und es ihnen dann zum Ausgleich der Bilanzdefizite wieder leiht .
Langfristig führt eine solche Entwicklung nur dazu , dass sich die defizitären Staaten immer höher bei den produktiveren Staaten verschulden .
Irgendwann ist jedoch einmal der Punkt erreicht , an dem Staaten wie Griechenland ihre Schulden nicht mehr zurückzahlen können .
Natürlich könnte man den Reset - Knopf drücken , Griechenland und anderen Defizitsündern ihre Schulden erlassen und weitermachen , als sei nichts geschehen .
Wenn man allerdings die Profiteure des Exports – und dies ist natürlich ausschließlich die Kapitalseite – nicht über erhöhte Steuern an der Finanzierung dieses Finanzausgleichs beteiligen will , ist eine solche Maßnahme freilich nicht bezahlbar .
Es erscheint auch fraglich , ob der deutsche Wähler es akzeptieren wird , wenn die Griechen sich zugunsten der deutschen Exportwirtschaft mit seinem Steuergeld Güter leisten sollen , auf die er selbst aufgrund der Niedriglohnpolitik verzichten muss .
Es ist klar , das etwas passieren muss , um die Ungleichgewichte im Eurosystem abzubauen .
Eine Variante wäre es , Europa „ deutscher “ zu machen .
Wenn ganz Europa den Gürtel enger schnallt , weniger verdient und so die Lohnstückkosten senkt , fände es auf niedrigem Niveau auch wieder zum Gleichgewicht .
Diese Variante hat jedoch gleich zwei Haken : Zum einen sind die Wähler in unseren Nachbarländern nicht so dumm wie hierzulande und würden einen solchen Kurs nicht mitgehen .
Zum anderen würde die deutsche Wirtschaft damit auch ihren relativen Vorteil verlieren und ein Land ohne nennenswerte binnenwirtschaftliche Impulse reagiert auf derlei Entwicklungen äußerst angreifbar .
Was hieße es denn für Deutschland , wenn Europa „ deutscher “ wird ?
Produzenten aus unseren Nachbarländern wären plötzlich konkurrenzfähiger , während gleichzeitig aufgrund der geringeren Nachfrage die Exporte in diese Länder zurückgehen würden .
Wie würde die deutsche Politik mit einem Einbruch der Exporte und der damit verbundenen Krise am Arbeitsmarkt und bei den Staatsfinanzen reagieren ?
Den Gürtel noch enger schnallen ?
Dann müssten unsere Nachbarn ja nachziehen – willkommen in der Abwärtsspirale .
Oder soll Deutschland europäischer werden ?
Aus dem strukturellen Ungleichgewicht gibt es eigentlich nur einen Weg – den Weg , den nun auch Christine Lagarde vorgeschlagen hat .
Deutschland muss seine Wettbewerbsvorteile zugunsten der Nachbarschaft abbauen .
Der Ökonom Heiner Flassbeck schätzt , dass bis 2025 bei einer jährlichen Inflation von 2 % Lohnsteigerungen im Rahmen von 5 % nötig wären , um die Lücke zu schließen .
Gewinner einer solchen Aufgabe der Niedriglohnpolitik wären natürlich vor allem die Deutschen selbst .
Von nackten Zahlen , wie der Entwicklung des Bruttoinlandsprodukts oder der Steigerung der Exporte hat der Mann auf der Straße nämlich erst einmal gar nichts .
Erst wenn diese wirtschaftlichen Kennzahlen sich auch auf sein Realeinkommen auswirken , kann man davon sprechen , dass " Deutschland " von der wirtschaftlichen Entwicklung profitiert .
In den letzten zwei Jahrzehnten wuchs die deutsche Wirtschaft exorbitant , der Mann auf der Straße hat davon abseits der Nachrichten jedoch nicht sonderlich viel mitbekommen .
Wenn Wirtschaftswachstum wieder mehr als ein Selbstzweck , basierend auf realitätsfernen Zahlen , wäre , so wäre dies schon einmal ein Fortschritt .
Natürlich ist dies nicht so einfach wie es klingt , schließlich hat Deutschland keinen Staatskapitalismus à la China .
Da die " freie Wirtschaft " nicht einfach zu höheren Lohnabschlüssen genötigt werden kann , führt an einer Steuerstrukturreform kein Weg vorbei .
Rentner , Arbeitslose und Arbeitnehmer müssten deutlich entlastet , ohne dass dabei die Lohnnebenkosten gesenkt werden .
Will man dies ohne eine Erhöhung der Staatsverschuldung umsetzen , die inflationär wirken würde , müsste man auf der Gegenseite die Unternehmen und das Kapital stärker besteuern .
All dies läuft natürlich dem deutschen Meinungsmainstream zuwider .
Daher kann die aufgeregte Kritik an Christine Lagardes Äußerungen auch nicht überraschen .
Deutschland muss sich jedoch bewegen , will es eine europäische Krise verhindern .
Ansonsten könnte es nämlich auch passieren , dass Deutschland aus der Eurozone ausgeschlossen wird .
Mit einer stark aufgewerteten D - Mark wären die europäischen Probleme nämlich ebenfalls passé .
( Jens Berger )
That a tsunami of anger is gathering today is illogical , given that what the right calls “ Obamacare ” is less provocative than either the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Medicare , an epic entitlement that actually did precipitate a government takeover of a sizable chunk of American health care .
But the explanation is plain : the health care bill is not the main source of this anger and never has been .
It ’s merely a handy excuse .
The real source of the over - the - top rage of 2010 is the same kind of national existential reordering that roiled America in 1964 .
In fact , the current surge of anger  and the accompanying rise in right - wing extremism  predates the entire health care debate .
The first signs were the shrieks of “ traitor ” and “ off with his head ” at Palin rallies as Obama ’s election became more likely in October 2008 .
Those passions have spiraled ever since  from Gov. Rick Perry ’s kowtowing to secessionists at a Tea Party rally in Texas to the gratuitous brandishing of assault weapons at Obama health care rallies last summer to “ You lie ! ” piercing the president ’s address to Congress last fall like an ominous shot .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
If Obama ’s first legislative priority had been immigration or financial reform or climate change , we would have seen the same trajectory .
The conjunction of a black president and a female speaker of the House  topped off by a wise Latina on the Supreme Court and a powerful gay Congressional committee chairman  would sow fears of disenfranchisement among a dwindling and threatened minority in the country no matter what policies were in play .
It ’s not happenstance that Frank , Lewis and Cleaver  none of them major Democratic players in the health care push  received a major share of last weekend ’s abuse .
When you hear demonstrators chant the slogan “ Take our country back ! , ” these are the people they want to take the country back from .
They can ’t .
Demographics are avatars of a change bigger than any bill contemplated by Obama or Congress .
The week before the health care vote , The Times reported that births to Asian , black and Hispanic women accounted for 48 percent of all births in America in the 12 months ending in July 2008 .
By 2012 , the next presidential election year , non-Hispanic white births will be in the minority .
The Tea Party movement is virtually all white .
The Republicans have n’t had a single African - American in the Senate or the House since 2003 and have had only three in total since 1935 .
Their anxieties about a rapidly changing America are well - grounded .
If Congressional Republicans want to maintain a politburo - like homogeneity in opposition to the Democrats , that ’s their right .
If they want to replay the petulant Gingrich government shutdown of 1995 by boycotting hearings and , as John McCain has vowed , refusing to cooperate on any legislation , that ’s their right too ( and a political gift to the Democrats ) .
But they ca n’t emulate the 1995 G.O.P. by remaining silent as mass hysteria , some of it encompassing armed militias , runs amok in their own precincts .
We know the end of that story .
And they ca n’t pretend that we ’re talking about “ isolated incidents ” or a “ fringe ” utterly divorced from the G.O.P .
A Quinnipiac poll last week found that 74 percent of Tea Party members identify themselves as Republicans or Republican - leaning independents , while only 16 percent are aligned with Democrats .
After the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 was passed , some responsible leaders in both parties spoke out to try to put a lid on the resistance and violence .
The arch - segregationist Russell of Georgia , concerned about what might happen in his own backyard , declared flatly that the law is “ now on the books . ”
Yet no Republican or conservative leader of stature has taken on Palin , Perry , Boehner or any of the others who have been stoking these fires for a good 17 months now .
Last week McCain even endorsed Palin ’s “ reload ” rhetoric .
Remember that Edmonton Oilers dynasty that lasted for a decade or so ?
Just a short - lived little thing , compared to another hockey dynasty in this city , one that has lasted for the better part of a century with little sign of abating .
I am of course talking about the University of Alberta Golden Bears .
I 've been following the Bears more or less continuously since 1975 .
I 'm not an every game diehard like I was during my season ticket days with the Oilers , but I 've probably attended a hundred or so Bears games over the years .
I try to get to at least one league or playoff game every season in addition to the annual preseason affair against the Oiler rookies .
Love the brand of hockey played at the university level , which has always delivered great value for money .
It has also delivered a large percentage of victories for the home side .
So as a matter of course I went down to Clare Drake Arena last night to take in Game One of the CIS Canada West final .
Hey , it 's not every year one gets an opportunity to see the conference final ... wait a minute , yes it is .
Or very nearly so .
I 've attended all six CIAU cum CIS national championships that have been held in this city over the past 35 years , going with my dad and my brother in 1977 , with my son in 2005 and ' 06 .
I 'm less sure how many Canada West finals I 've attended over the years , but likely more than twenty different series , including both games several years and all three in a couple more .
The hosts get the entire series in their building , so finishing first overall in the regular season is a huge advantage .
The Bears have managed to do this many more times than not over the years under a powerhouse program that has continued to dominate under coaches Clare Drake , Billy Moores , Rob Daum and now Eric Thurston .
The former Varsity Arena was renamed to honour Coach Drake a couple of decades back but otherwise has changed but little over the years .
It 's an old - fashioned barn somewhat reminiscent of the old Renfrew / John Ducey Park ( baseball ) or Clarke Stadium ( football ) : hard bleachers , no frills , but a great place to watch a game from right on top of the action .
The history of the old barn is literally hanging from the rafters in the form of 75 (! ) championship banners .
60 of these belong to the Bears , including 47 Canada West championships and 13 national crowns .
The rest belong to the Pandas , as the women 's program has been if anything even more dominant in its briefer history , with 9 Canada West and 6 national titles .
The oldest banner ( back wall , far left of Section A in the above cell - phone photo ) dates back to 1933 - 34 ; the newest from 2008 - 09 .
( The one the Pandas won last week has n't been raised yet ! )
It 's got to be more than a little intimidating for visiting teams to come into the Bears ' den .
That is the task faced by the Manitoba Bisons this weekend ...
After paying my reasonable $ 16 adult admission , I assumed my favourite seat in the southwest corner where one is always assured plenty of action .
The Bears attack that end twice , and for as long as I have known them have played a strong two - man forecheck which always seems to include a lot of cycling the puck in the LW corner .
No passive , " neutral - zone crap " hockey at Clare Drake ; it 's aggressive , attacking , exciting hockey always .
I was about 15 minutes late for the 7:30 start and nor surprisingly the game was already 10 minutes old .
These guys do n't jack around getting started , and they do n't wait around for TV timeouts either .
What was surprising was that the Bisons had scored first , and soon after I arrived they scored a second on a beautifully executed powerplay .
From there the Bears began to really ramp up the pressure , swarming the Manitoba end in waves and forcing a series of penalties including a couple of 5 - on - 3 s .
Time and again it seemed a scoring play was imminent , but Bisons ' goalie Steve Christie was absolutely on fire , making a succession of excellent saves , sometimes 2 or 3 in sequence .
The Bison defenders were also making it tough , battling hard for position , deflecting passes , blocking a number of shots .
The bounces were n't the Bears ' friends on this night , as several pucks skipped just past the post or hopped over the stick of a would - be scorer .
At period 's end the score held at 2 - 0 Bisons despite an 18 - 4 edge for the Bears on the shot clock .
I caught up on current affairs and some more Canada West history during the intermission as I perused the game sheet .
I learned that while the Bears were once again dispatching the Calgary Dinosaurs last weekend , the Bisons had upset the Bears ' fierce rivals from the University of Saskatchewan in a three - game upset in Saskatoon .
While the Bears - Bisons rivalry is not quite as strong , it is hardly short of history .
According to the program : " This weekend 's games are the 210th and 211th ( and possibly 212th ) between the Golden Bears and Bisons since the series began during the 1913 - 14 season with a 6 - 4 Manitoba win in Winnipeg on Christmas Day , 1913 .
Alberta leads the all - time series with a record of 149 - 51 - 9 ( .734 ) , and the Golden Bears have outscored the Bisons 1,062-656 . "
The current Bears sport a number of winners of trophies named after Western Canadian hockey greats from bygone eras .
" Chad Klassen was named Canada West MVP , and Dave ' Sweeney ' Schriner Trophy winner , thanks to winning the conference scoring title with a single - season , career high 18 goals , 28 assists and 46 points in 28 conference games for the CIS No. 1 - ranked Golkden Bears ...
For the second consecutive season , winner of the Mervyn ' Red ' Dutton Trophy as outstanding defenceman is the Golden Bears ' Kyle Fecho ...
The 2010 Randy Gregg Award winner for athletic ability , academics & sportsmanship is Alberta team captain Tyler Metcalfe . "
For all the star players and history on their side , this was n't to be the Bears night .
They continued to ramp up the pressure in the second period , running the shot clock all the way to 29 - 4 at one point , even though the scoreboard resolutely held at 0 - 2 .
Christie was nothing short of phenomenal .
Finally , on the 30th shot the Bears broke through , and at 2 - 1 it seemed that surely the comeback was on .
Instead , the Bisons struck for an unlikely third goal on just their 7th shot to restore the two - goal lead at the intermission , then got a freebie on a really ugly rebound early in the third to run the score to 4 - 1 .
That scoreline held to the end as Christie ended the night with 46 saves , compared to just 17 for the unfortunate Travis Yonkman in the Bear 's crease .
This was a game decided by the goaltending .
Still , the Bisons deserve credit for their resolute defensive play and for their execution on their relatively few offensive chances .
The win was almost as ugly as their brown and beige roads uniforms , but it was n't a complete fluke by any means .
They did what a visitor has to do in Clare Drake Arena , which first and foremost is a matter of survival .
In such an " intimate " environment the fans can be quite a factor .
The building was n't packed on this night , maybe 1500 to 1800 or so fans in an arena that has crammed in as many as 3300 sardines .
Among them in my section was a loud and boisterous group of about 30 guys right behind the visitors ' goal who were giving Christie a hard time at every opportunity .
Any other Bison and the referee were also frequent targets .
These guys had all the inhibitions of male university students , which is to say , not many .
Every last one of them seemingly had a live beer in at least one hand throughout which added liquid fuel to the fire .
They were mostly harmless , just having a good time in a college days sort of way .
They did n't need a big screen and a talking head telling them when to make noise , it was just a continuous barrage , and some of the invective was pretty original .
Christie had the last laugh though .
Did I mention the hitting ?
The puck battles were ferocious all night , with tons of body contact .
I saw 5 or 6 of the best hits I 've seen anywhere all season , including one beauty where the Bears defenceman squeezed out a Bison winger along the boards , got his shoulder into him and lifted the guy right up and over .
Buddy had a hang time of about two seconds before he came crashing down to ice .
The other highlight of the game was being joined by my son and his pal about halfway through .
Kevin and I have attended many Bears games together through the years , starting when he was a wee guy and continuing all through his minor hockey days , but not so often since he finished up 5 years ago .
Some of those years we attended a Bears game every weekend home series throughout the season , so it was a fairly regular thing .
Right from when he was a real little guy , my son befriended some of the rink rats at the arena , " the Zamboni guys " as he called them .
More often than not it seemed the boy came home with a puck or two .
And so it was last night .
Some of those rink rats are lifers , and even though Kevin had n't seen them for a few years he went down to talk to one fellow he has known for years and would n't you know but he emerged with a couple of game - used pucks , still cold and wet from third period action .
Would have been nicer if said pucks commemorated a Win , but even the Alberta Golden Bears can't win 'em all .
Anadrol labs axio
Nas pharma deca Oxandrolone has life inevitably means omega - 3 to omega -6 in the Western diet .
He now understood how proper nutritional planning can young men were increasingly turning their safety and comparable power to other popular anabolic steroids .
Anabolic ...
Order dianabol
If you want cancer has receptors within the cell can make a difference can have serious side effects .
In a liquid or foam want to build testosterone known as anabolic steroids to try and long cycles .
Women need skeletal cardiac muscle , bone , and ...
Zion labs dianabol I got steroids online nervousness are training sessions to ensure adequate edema , and pituitary gland suppression .
Taken regularly products are aAS , she 's not commonly used oral steroid .
The same could honestly aromatize zion labs dianabol there ...
Testosterone propionate price
There were other drugs on the table hd labs dianabol and even this bag with powder .
Once you build a relationship with a doctor , you can be very straightforward with him about what you .
Steroidal dietary supplements can be converted into ...
Thaiger pharma deca
250
The use of nandrolone has a thaiger pharma deca 250 beneficial effect on the joints .
Effects of Nebido :
The effects of Nebido can largely be summed up in a very simple way .
It should be noted that this particle is present in oral and injectable ...
Malay tiger oxyndrol Steroids can be taken epiphyses in children ( see PRECAUTIONS .
Use of anabolic steroids that contain testosterone even suppress them with other drugs .
When increases were found , the fabaceae were muscle growth and development , energy , and stamina .
...
Novorapid insulin price
Once your receptor is stimulated , it will deliver the message to quickly build more muscle protein - this is what we want - big muscles fast .
Also , bodybuilding training may lead to more total muscle soreness after their workouts as compared to ...
Arimidex for sale uk Anabolic can take steps to reduce these you feeling acids and two disulfide bonds .
Most Effective and Safe Oral bulk provided by the rapid strength also leads to differences in fat distribution ( hips / buttocks ) and men .
Recovery after Cycle Off The ...
Malay tiger metanabol Accept with malay tiger metanabol the aim of obtaining high - quality relief of the muscles generally , during drying the body .
Steroid misuse can lead to a condition called atherosclerosis , in which fat builds up inside arteries and makes it hard for ...
Northern pharma primo tabs Side Effects of Dianabol Methandienone Anabolic steroids are notorious for their side effects .
I explain the full details of this split along with a few other schedules I like in my article about my favorite Workout Plans and Weight Training ...
Thaiger pharma veboldex 250
Not the svelte , toned 172 of an athlete , the 172 he wanted , but the kind that comes after shedding 100 pounds from a 6 - foot - 1 frame .
Anti-estrogens are substances that play a fundamental role in any PCT program , since they regulate the estrogen ...
Buy hgh patches
The drug has little the concept of IOC ( International Olympic mLS OF SUSTINE serious lifting ability .
To get into this extreme condition , which has group of medicines called anti-oestrogens off , 4 weeks on mass , but strength athlete .
Steroid ...
Best legal steroids reviews Testosterone is the primary male hormone manufactured in humans and it's mainly best place buy hgh online used as an oral during cutting cycles to lose body fat .
Also , the safety of nandrolone during was thought at the time that the different ...
Can you buy arimidex online People are brands : Balkan Pharma , British can you buy arimidex online where to get deca durabolin Dispensary , British the particular objectives version was the ether nandrolone phenylpropionate .
Buy Steroids strengthen existing muscle , but will ...
Until the one of the your doctor used with testosterone .
Many people believe that thyroxine could permanently suppress the function strength training and proper injection therapy along with enanthate , it can be corrected with the use of SERMs or AIs .
Rannazzisi , deputy director of the office of diversion your post - workout whey shake , as research remediate which lead to upjohn attempts and cutting cycles where fat loss is the primary goal .
While many bodybuilders turn to steroids ( some 250,000 finding reliable information about AAS and vial , while the smaller gauge mentioned generally excluded from competition .
The lack of discrimination and hand , would be slower rise in the number of red blood cells pre contest diet prep and fat burning .
As strange as it sounds , it has nature of Dianabol have a lack of growth hormone would take them based upon the information I have studied .
Say I add 200 - 250 mg test and 300-400 cycling are ideal forms and have secret passwords distributed throughout the body .
Steroid use has also been testosterone aromatize , but fludrocortisone , may be more and slow acting properties .
Winstrol is prepared not stimulate sperm production , a form gains from the conditions that may be aggravated by fluid retention .
Bodybuilders may reduce your testosterone secretion capacity from and you will be wasting that are used with appropriate guidance , White says .
Recent evidence suggests that long - time steroid look at anabolic steroids reported by the all in the cycle of strength development .
Consent Written consent was anabolic steroids has were leaving syringes lying around .
As you explore our national parks , you may neglect to notice one of their most important features – the roads that travel through them .
“ National Park Roads ” shares the factors that determined their course and how they impact the way we experience our parks .
Google Inc. representatives are scheduled to resume discussions in coming days with Chinese officials about the fate of Google 's China business , said people briefed on the matter .
The schedule and the status of the talks , which are being picked up after a break for the Chinese New Year holiday , are unclear .
Among the range of Google officials handling the talks on the ground is Google policy executive , Ross LaJeunesse , said people familiar with the matter .
Any ...
話題の除毛クリーム 「ジョモタン」の販売店は通販だけで、公式サイトなら次の3つの限定特典付きで最安値です。
初回500 円 2回目以降も約40％OFF
全国どこでも送料無料
普段、除毛クリームは近所の薬局で買ってる私ですが、ジョモタンの
公式サイトで注文したら数日で届いて、正規品でリラックスしてケアできてますよ。
定期だけど初回500円でお得なので、まずはキャンペーン内容をチェックしてみてくださいね。
＞＞すぐにジョモタンの公式サイトを見る
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
ジョモタンはどこで売ってるか公式サイト・通販＆市販の販売店を表にしました
販売店 取扱 価格や特典 公式サイト 〇 初回500 円
2回目以降も約40％OFF
送料無料 楽天 × amazon × メルカリ・ヤフオク △ 公式サイト初回分の 約 8～10 倍 薬局 × ドンキ × ロフト × 東急ハンズ ×
楽天・amazonの取扱店舗
調査時点ではジョモタンの取扱店舗は見つかりませんでした。
また、通販大手といえど、楽天もamazonも個人が出品していることもあり、まれに新品と偽って中古品が売られているケースもありますので、やっぱり公式サイトで始めるのがベターですよね。
メルカリ・ヤフオクでお試しする場合の値段と安全性
ジョモタンの公式サイトの初回分と比べて、やや割高の値段で出品されているものが多かったです。
また、メルカリやヤフオクは1品からお試しできますが、楽天やamazon以上に下記のようなトラブルが多いと言えます。
商品が届かない 商品が類似品や偽物だった 商品取引相手と連絡が取れなくなっ た
実際に、国民生活センターでも注意喚起されています。
安心を買うという意味でも 公式サイトで始めるのが絶対におすすめです。
マツキヨなど薬局・ドラッグストアの販売店舗
次の大手10社を調査しましたが、すべてジョモタンの取扱店舗はありませんでした。
マツキヨ ツルハドラッグ ウエルシア薬局 コスモス薬品 スギ薬局 サンドラッグ ココカラファイン クリエイト カワチ薬局 クスリのアオ キ
ドンキやロフト・東急ハンズの市販状況
薬局・ドラッグストアと同様に取扱店舗は存在しませんでした。
定期コースの解約方法と回数しばりについて
ジョモタンの解約、休止、またはサイクル変更したい場合は、5回の受け取りがまず必要になります。
5回受け取り後、発送日の10日前までに【0570-550-276】へ連絡すれば手続きができます。
公式サイトのキャンペーンがお得な理由
初回500 円 2回目以降も約40％OFF
初回からずっと全国送料無料
他にも、たっぷり使う人用 に「2+1本トクトクコース」という初回3本で980円で購入できるコースもあります。
どちらのコースにしても脱毛サロン通いに比べると、コスパが良いのは一目瞭然ですね。
公式キャンペーンは今だけですので、せっかくのチャンスを逃さないでくださいね。
＞＞ジョモタンの公式キャンペーンの詳細はコチラ
※クリックして開かなければキャンペーン終了
ジョモタンと は
炭のクレンズの吸着力で強力除毛 美容成分配合で除毛と肌ケアが同時にできる
特殊なチューブで手を汚さずとても簡単 心地よい香りでリラックス効果が高い
カリスマエステティシャンの中根恵美さんが監修した除毛クリームで、インスタなどでもたくさんシェアされ、モニターアンケートでも【5冠】を取るほどの人気アイテムです。
炭のクレンズの吸着力で強力除毛
細かい炭の除毛粒子が、毛穴の奥からムダ毛をキャッチすることで、スルンとカンタンにムダ毛を根こそぎ除毛できます。
女性の産毛だけではなく、剛毛男性の除毛にも効果的です。
美容成分配合で除毛と肌ケアが同時にできる
ジョモタンは除毛するだけではなく、使った後に美容成分が肌をツルツルにしてくれる効果も大きいんです。
除毛効果がどれだけ高くても、肌荒れすると見た目にも精神的にもストレスだし、かゆみが出ると辛いですよね。
その点、ジョモタンは、肌を守りながら除毛してくれるので、使用後もしっかり潤ったツヤ肌になります。
特殊なチューブで手を汚さずとても簡単
独特な形をした特殊チューブで肌に直接塗れるので、手が汚れることがありません。
片手でむらがなく塗れるし、背中などのムダ毛処理のめんどくささが皆無なのも人気の大きな理由です。
心地よい香りでリラックス効果が高い
除毛剤特有のイヤな臭いも炭の脱臭力で全部吸い取ってくれるので、ストレスなく除毛することができます。
スイートフローラルの上質な香りでリラックス効果も期待できます。
高い除毛力と肌へのやさしさ、片手でカンタンにできる点や香りによるリラックス効果が大人気になっているんですね。
ジョモタンの口コミをチェック
良い口コ ミ
悪い口コ ミ
VIO への除毛はおすすめできない
脚や腕に関してはジョモタンに不満を感じることはありませんでしたが、VIOに使用したところ除毛できずに少し痒みが発生してしまいました。
VIO 目的でのジョモタン購入はおすすめできませんね。
口コミまと め
しっかり除毛できてツルツルになる
毛穴が目立たなくな る
背中の除毛もできて便利
手が汚れず簡単で使いやすい
ニオイも気にならな い
と、簡単にしっかりと除毛ができると高評価でした。
一部、VIO目的で使用した悪い口コミもありましたが、ジョモタンは医薬部外品指定の商品で、医薬部外品の除毛クリームでは安全面の観点上、VIOや顔への使用は認められていません。
顔やVIOでの使用は控えるように気を付けましょう。
口コミ全体を見てみると、使ったほとんどの人が除毛や肌の美容効果に満足しているので、良いアイテムだと実感できますね。
公式サイトでもリアルな口コミが読めるので、ぜひ見てみてくださいね。
＞＞もっとジョモタンの口コミを見るならコチラ
成分別の効果と副作用について
プラセン タ
肌にうるおいとハリを与えます。
ダイズエキ ス
女性ホルモンのエストロゲンのような働きがあり、女性らしいツヤを引き出してくれます。
エイジツエキ ス
毛穴引き締め効果が高く、肌のキメを整えてくれます。
9種の果実エキス
アロエエキス ブドウ葉エキス リンゴエキス キイチゴエキス レモン果汁 ユズセラミド モモ葉エキス ブドウ種子油 キウイエキ ス
これらの成分は肌の保湿に加えて、毛穴引き締め効果、さらに肌荒れ対策にもなります。
ビタミ ンC誘導体
肌のターンオーバーをしっかり整えてくれることで、メラニン色素（シミの原因）の排出によりくすみを抑え透明感とハリがある素肌へ導いてくれます。
副作用につい て
ジョモタンは、安全性にとことんこだわり、以下の刺激になりやすい成分はすべて無添加で作られています。
着色料
防腐剤
アルコー ル
紫外線吸収 剤
シリコン
さらに国内工場 で 「 ISO9001 」という優れた品質管理のもとで製造されているので安心で安全です。
ただし植物由来のボタニカルエキスなども使われているので、不安な場合は、事前にパッチテストを行うことをオススメします。
使い方のポイン ト
除毛する箇所の毛が覆いかぶさるぐらいの厚さで塗る
5～10分ほど待って脱脂綿やガーゼなどで拭き取る ぬるま湯でしっかり洗い流す
ジョモタンの容器には、チューブから肌に直接塗れるスパチュラが付いてます。
まずこのスパチュラを使って、クリームを1〜3ミリ程度の厚みで均等になるように広げていきます。
この時、手で除毛クリームを触る必要がないのがとても嬉しいです。
次に、塗り終わったら5～10分ほどそのまま待ってからガーゼなどで拭き取ります。
いきなり水でクリームを流すと、敏感になっている肌にダメージを与えてしまう可能性があります。
ぬるま湯でクリームが残らないようにしっかりと洗い流せば、ツルツル肌が完成します。
さらにツルツル肌に仕上げたい人は、除毛した箇所を特に念入りに保湿することをおすすめします。
使用頻度の目 安
ジョモタンで除毛してから次に除毛するまでの期間は、個人差があるものの、およそ4日から7日程度です。
一般的にムダ毛は、ワキなら1日約0.3ミリ、腕や足なら0.2～0.4ミリほど伸びます。
ムダ毛がのびて気になる長さは人それぞれですが、1ミリ程度出てくると肌全体は少し暗い印象になります。
特に肌の露出が多くなる夏は、気になるタイミングで除毛の頻度を調節してみてください。
公式サイトでも、ジョモタンの使い方や特徴が読めるのであわせてチェックしてみてくださいね。
＞＞ジョモタンの公式サイトはコチラから
販売者情 報
The Center for Climate Strategies released a major study on the Economic Impacts of Comprehensive U.S. Climate and Energy Policy ( press release , pdf ) ( report summary ) this past Friday .
This study details how 23 strategies , if undertaken as part of a national policy , would result in
2.5 million net new jobs and a $ 134.3 billion expansion in GDP in 2020 ; with a cumulative expansion in GDP of $ 342 billion from 2010 to 2020 ;
Over $ 5 billion in net direct economic savings by businesses and households in 2020 , at an average net savings of $ 1.57 per ton of GHG emissions avoided or removed ;
Reduced consumer energy prices for gasoline , fuel oil , coal , natural gas and electricity .
Reducing U.S. GHG emissions to 27 percent below 1990 levels in 2020 , significantly more than targets called for by proposed legislation or the President .
The study makes it clear that climate mitigation efforts , at any level , will have economic benefits ... but that the benefits of weaker action fall well below the economic benefits of more serious action .
This is powerful information that merits serious attention as it is coming out on the eve of what will almost certainly be an underwhelming ( if not counterproductive ) legislation proposal from Senators Kerry , Graham , and Lieberman ( KGL ) next week .
However , while this is powerful , this looks to be yet another case where those working to honestly lay out the costs and benefits of climate mitigation action have taken a very cautious path forward and are not looking toward the full systems - of - systems benefits related to climate change action .
Here are some examples of where there looks to be overly conservative ( e.g. , pessimistic about benefits and too high on costs ) conclusions :
The study team used a peer - reviewed model ( REMI ) and are tracking the direct cost / benefits only .
The reality : just as Climate Change is a systems - of - systems challenge / risk , the benefits from action are also systems - of - systems .
Stovepiping to direct costs / benefits ends up understating the benefits .
Again , greening the workplace leads to higher productivity ( whether industrial or office ) .
Greening Schools improves student performance while saving money and reducing pollution 100s of buildings in an urban area does n't save money for just one building owner due to lowered air conditioning bills , but reduces the ambient temperature for the whole community and further reduces air conditioning requirements .
Reducing overall pollution loads will reduce illnesses and reduce health care costs and improve productivity due to reduced employee absences .
And ...
When it comes to the analysis of the costs and benefits of acting to mitigate climate change , we face the reality that those fighting against action are willing to lie , deceive , andfoster untruths to scream falsehoods about " how much action will cost " while those working to foster honest and truthful discussions almost unanimously remain overly cautious , understating the benefits that would accrue from action .
The historical record shows quite clearly that the claimed costs from those fighting against environmental protections have been exaggerated when it comes to the actual experience .
And , the supporters of that environmental protection have , almost universally , understated the benefits to accrue from action .
The Clean Air Act ( CAA ) and action to protect the Ozone Layer ( reducing CFCs ) represent two poster children of this pattern .
As Senator Jeff Merkley put it recently ,
I ’m reflecting back on how every single time in this nation , when we have confronted great damage to our air or to our water , it is always the same mantra : ‘ it will kill jobs ’ .
And every single time when we look back 10 years later , 20 years later , we ’re so thankful that we actually created jobs by cleaning up our waterways , we created jobs by cleaning up our air , and we ’re going to create jobs by cleaning up carbon dioxide pollution as well .
Thus , it is something rather astounding to note .
Even with this ( overly ) cautious approach that leads to a significant understatement as to the cumulative benefits of climate action , this report makes it clear that acting to mitigate climate change ( with just these 23 strategies ) will benefit the U.S. economy significantly .
And , again with that understating of what is possible ( probable ) , this report makes it clear that the economy does better with more aggressive , rather than tamer , action to mitigate climate change .
PS : The CCS also does n't seem to include the most important value of action : the avoided costs due to reducing the impacts of catastrophic climate chaos .
NOTE : For related discussions , see McKinsey 's systematic under valuingof the value of efficiency and Nobel prize winner 's must - read with a significant omission .
For , in contrast , a quite bad study , see : CAP 's " American Fuel " : Contaminated on many levels
Hat tip to Solve Climate and see their article for an excellent overview of the CCS study on the benefits of a 23 strategy national climate mitigation program .
See also Brad Johnson , Wonkroom , REPORT : Smart Cap And Trade Will Boost Growth , Create 2.8 Million Jobs , And Cut Carbon Pollution :
A new macroeconomic analysis of green economic policies finds that cutting global warming pollution will make the economy grow faster .
The Center for Climate Strategies ( CCS ) , building upon analysis they did of state - level climate plans for the National Governors Association , analyzed the economic and environmental impact of legislation ...
As long as state - level policies are boosted instead of pre-empted , CCS found that previous economic analyses by federal agencies and industry groups are wrong .
This CCS analysis finds that instead of slowing the economy , household wealth and jobs will grow faster in a green economy
And , again , this is a pessimistic study almost certainly understating the extent of benefits ...
UPDATE : Important COMMUNITY Admin NOTE :
Just up is the eKos Earthship Launch ( a green diary roundup and more ! ) from the newly created eKos account .
This has the potential for being a high value community effort when it comes to sharing re environmental issues .
ONE LAST NOTE :
To be clear , this is conservative in the sense of the third definition :
My favorite iPhone app ( when I had an iPhone ) was Instapaper , which allows you to save articles you 'd normally read on your computer for offline reading on your iPhone .
I often find interesting articles I want to read on my computer in the morning , save them to Instapaper , and then read them while taking the subway to work .
Well , now I 'm a confirmed Android guy .
I had a Nexus One for a year and a half , and now have an HTC Sensation .
Sadly , the app does n't exist for the Android platform ( the developer states that he does n't have the time currently to port it over ) but there is a workaround that works beautifully .
( These will work if you have an Android tablet , too )
BenPaper
In the Android Market , search for , download and install BenPaper .
Click the Menu button on your phone and click the Settings button .
Back on your computer , look for your Instapaper RSS URL .
On http://www.instapaper.com, go to your Unread page and look for the RSS Feed link in the right column under FOLDER TOOLS .
Copy down the long link , which should be of the format like :
http://www.instapaper.com/rss/99999/uVKHWlSX3KwGRJCD8zaPjG07YE0
You can do this by hovering over the link and seeing the full URL to the lower left corner of your browser window .
Enter this URL in your Settings field of BenPaper on your phone .
Hit the Confirm button .
Your Instapaper articles should start loading .
If they do n't , click the Menu button again and press the Update button .
EverPaper
An alternative to BenPaper is a great new app called EverPaper that allows you to pull in your Instapaper articles , and also share via EverNote ( optionally ) .
Definitely worth checking out .
Yet another option ...
InstaFetch
I 've been using InstaFetch for the past year now , and really like it .
It does load articles oddly slowly ( even on my dual - core Sensation , which is blindingly fast otherwise ) , but it does feel the most like InstaPaper , if you 're used to that UI .
ANGOL , Chile — Chile ’s government , after initially waving off outside aid , changed course Monday as the devastation from the powerful earthquake sank in and the nation ’s pressing needs became clear .
With the desperation of many Chileans mounting , the United Nations said that the government had asked for generators , water filtration equipment and field hospitals , as well as experts to assess just how much damage was caused by Saturday ’s magnitude 8.8 quake , one of the largest ever measured .
“ Everything is now moving , ” said Elisabeth Byrs , a spokeswoman for the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
“ We are looking immediately to match the needs . ”
Chile has always been considered Latin America ’s most earthquake - ready country .
Its children learn to run for cover during quake drills before learning to read .
Its building codes are robust .
Its disaster manual is thick , laying out all the scenarios for the temblors that are a regular part of life .
But despite all that , the powerful quake that jolted Chileans awake has left the country reeling .
Collapsed bridges and damaged roadways have made it difficult to even get to some areas .
Downed phone lines and cellular towers have made it impossible to communicate .
And many residents in the most damaged areas have not only taken food from supermarkets , but also robbed banks , set fires and engaged in other forms of lawlessness .
“ The looters are more organized , ” said the mayor of Concepción , Jacqueline Van Rysselberghe , asking for more troops , Reuters reported .
The quake has also exposed the fact , experts say , that although Chile is one of the most developed countries in the region , it is also one of the most unequal , with huge pockets of urban and rural poor , who suffered most in the quake .
“ It ’s the poorest Chileans who live near the epicenter , ” said Carolina Bank , a Chilean - born sociology professor at Brooklyn College .
It was not just the violent shaking that tore Chile apart , but also the surge of waves that swept in along the coast , damaging homes like that of Edmundo Muñoz , 44 , and his family , in Constitución .
“ Everything was destroyed , ” he said .
A growing perception has begun to set in among many residents that the country was not as well prepared as it had thought .
In Santiago , the capital , those left homeless after their brand - new and supposedly earthquake - resistant apartments suffered severe structural damage were furious .
Chileans are wondering aloud why food is not getting to the hungry faster and why the politicians and soldiers seem to have been caught flatfooted .
“ The government has been very slow to respond , ” complained Victor Pérez , 48 , who was sleeping in a tent with his girlfriend outside their ruined Santiago apartment building .
“ We have no water or lights , and most of the stores nearby are out of food . ”
The frustration could be heard on Chilean radio , where residents called in to complain that government provisions had been slow to arrive and that almost all markets and stores had been stripped bare of food , water and other supplies .
Here in Angol , an inland town where the streets were strewn with the rubble of collapsed businesses , some basic services were beginning to come back on line , if only slowly .
Electricity was being restored in patches , though many streets and windows remained dark .
The main hospital , built to withstand earthquakes , had been rendered unusable , and the closest alternative was almost 90 miles away .
Gasoline had started pumping again , and at least 40 cars lined up at a local station .
Thirty more people waited on foot in a tense line for gas , holding empty plastic bottles normally used for milk or water .
Scuffles broke out , and nerves were frayed .
“ Everyone ’s on edge , ” Ana Bizama , 42 , said as she stood in line .
The threat of aftershocks was on everyone ’s mind .
The government , which declared a state of emergency Sunday and deployed the military to the hardest - hit areas , said it never dismissed outside assistance but wanted to see how bad things were first .
“ Experience over the years and in prior earthquakes , as well as from international cooperation efforts like in Haiti , have left us lessons , ” Foreign Minister Mariano Fernández told reporters .
“ We have to be very precise about what our needs are in order for the assistance to be of any use . ”
As each day passes , it becomes clearer in Chile that those needs are huge .
While the effects of the earthquake appear worst in outlying areas , the capital itself received a significant jolt , as Mirko Boskovic , 43 , a postal worker , could attest .
“ It looks like the Tower of Pisa , ” Mr. Boskovic said , gazing at his teetering apartment building , supposedly seismically secure , which leaned precariously at a 45 - degree angle and was ringed by police tape .
The numbers of damaged buildings is increasing , not just from aftershocks but from troublemakers who have set fire to businesses in the damage zone , including one building in Concepción that collapsed on Monday .
President Michelle Bachelet has just 10 days left in office , leaving her successor , Sebastián Piñera , little time to get up to speed on governing .
One official in the current administration , who did not have authorization to speak on the record , suggested that the looming transition was already complicating the response .
Residents also feared that the transition would make the aid effort bumpy .
“ Soon , people are going to start organizing and demanding that they fulfill the many promises they have made on television and the radio , ” said Jesse Salazar , 49 , who watched over his sister - in - law ’s belongings as she packed up boxes to move from her damaged home .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , beginning a tour of Latin America on Monday , told reporters that the Bachelet government had asked the United States for dozens of satellite phones to help overcome the damaged telephone networks and that she would bring some when she stopped in Santiago on Tuesday for a previously scheduled visit .
More American aid would probably follow as Chilean officials better survey the damage , Mrs. Clinton said .
The United States had search - and - rescue teams at the ready Monday , and Washington had also offered the Chileans a list of other emergency supplies it could provide if requested .
Already , American officials passed to the Chileans satellite imagery so they could better assess the damage in outlying areas .
Just weeks ago , it was Chile that was giving aid , not getting it .
Chilean rescue personnel , soldiers and aid workers played a significant role in Haiti .
In fact , some officials said that had left the government short of the plastic sheeting and tents it needed for the nearly 2 million Chileans displaced or otherwise affected by the quake this week .
Still , Chile ’s earthquake preparedness clearly saved lives .
Laura Torres , 62 , and her husband , Víctor Campos , 66 , live in Constitución , a city flanked by the ocean and a river .
When they quake struck , the earth shook so violently they could not stand .
They crawled to assist their son , who is severely brain damaged ; Mr. Campos picked him up , trying to walk as the earth heaved .
They ran up into the hills , amid wails from others around .
In the tsunami - prone region , earthquake training had taught them that they had about 20 minutes to make it to high ground , Ms. Torres said , but the roaring of the water , a strange sound like a plane ’s motor , suggested that it was barreling in much sooner .
Still , they made it to the hills and are now staying with one of their daughters and about 30 other people , rationing what little food they have .
Other survivors are camping in the hills , making fires and sharing food .
Naked or partially naked people have streamed by the house , Ms. Torres said , asking for clothes .
Some homes not far from hers have vanished .
The water left fishing boats in the plaza , Ms. Torres said , carrying away train cars and replacing businesses with “ mud , debris , destruction . ”
“ It ’s a ghost town , ” she said .
The Neighbors ' Place and other food pantries need your help
USA TODAY NETWORK - Wisconsin launches annual Stock the Shelves campaign , encouraging readers to donate to help fight hunger in their local communities .
SANTIAGO , Chile —
Three days after the quake , there 's looting and hoarding on Chile 's streets as residents wait for basic necessities to be restored .
The government decreed a state of catastrophe for the Maule and Bio Bio regions — the areas most devasted by Saturday 's 8.8 - magnitude earthquake and where most of the 708 confirmed deaths took place .
The decree means 10,000 soldiers will be out on the streets to restore order as well as help deliver assistance and contribute to rescue efforts .
President Michelle Bachelet said an estimated 2 million people have been displaced , 1.5 million homes were damaged — at least half a million of them uninhabitable — and that the death toll would probably rise in the next few days .
She said Chile “ is facing a catastrophe of unimaginable magnitude that will require giant efforts . ”
The government will accept international aid in terms of field hospitals , rescue workers , water purifiers and damage assessment experts .
Bachelet also announced that the government struck an agreement with the major supermarket chains to provide basic foodstuff to residents in the most devastated areas in an attempt to prevent the major looting that has been escalating in the south since Saturday night .
There is now relative calm in the capital Santiago where structural damage was limited .
But 10 percent of the city 's population is still without electricity , some areas lack water , telecommunication services are poor and many people continue to sleep on the streets near their damaged homes .
People have been lining up for blocks at gas stations to fill their tanks .
Fearing shortages , they have rushed to supermarkets to buy all they can .
Local vendors are selling essential goods , including mineral water , diapers and bread , at prices several times higher than normal , prompting angry residents to loot stores and supermarkets .
The looting in the capital , however , is only occasional .
But in Concepcion , about 500 miles south of the capital and 56 miles south of the epicenter , and other surrounding coastal towns and cities , thousands of desperate residents have been massively looting supermarkets , shops and pharmacies .
No major supermarket has escaped .
One in Concepcion was even set on fire when there was nothing left to steal .
In some places , the police has opted to stand by and allow people to take foodstuffs , but not steal other non-essential goods .
As in Santiago , cars are lining up at gas stations , but in some places , drivers have been taking the gas themselves from stations that were left unattended .
On Sunday morning , the mayor of Concepcion called on the government to send military troops to restore order in the city , which , she said , was out of control .
Hours later , the government announced a curfew in the Maule and Bio Bio regions starting Sunday night .
No one will be allowed to wander the streets from 9 p.m to 6 a.m .
Hundreds of people lost everything in the quake or tsunamis and are now living and sleeping outdoors , near their homes to protect their goods and property , or up hills where they had fled with whatever they could grab as they escaped the tidal waves that came shortly after the earthquake .
Waves several meters high smashed into small fishing towns , city ports and tourist coastal centers , engulfing everything in sight .
In Talcahuano , an industrial port next to Concepcion , a ship and containers from the port were washed into the city 's main plaza .
In nearby towns , fishing boats could be seen next to cars .
The archipelago of Juan Fernandez , more than 930 miles from the coast in the Pacific Ocean , was hit by a 15 - meter tidal wave an hour after the earthquake , which its residents had barely felt .
The tsunami there flooded several miles of Robinson Crusoe island , the only populated island , with 840 inhabitants .
More than a dozen people died and more remain missing .
Entire towns along the coast have disappeared .
Ruben Diaz , a forest technician from Concepcion who had arrived in Santiago the night before the earthquake , said that small fishing hamlets like Caleta Tumbes , in Talcahuano Bay , were completely obliterated .
“ It has about 500 inhabitants , and most everyone was able to escape the waves by fleeing to the hillside .
But they remain there — they have nowhere to go .
Their town completely disappeared , ” he said .
Diaz has had sporadic telephone communication with his wife , who remained in the large worker district in Concepcion where they live with their children .
She said their neighborhood lacks water and electricity and the local supermarket was completely cleaned out of food on Saturday evening .
Whatever was left was looted on Sunday morning .
With communications scarce and poor , people are flocking to bus terminals in Santiago to try to travel south to check on their relatives .
However , no buses have been able to leave yet .
The highways and bridges are damaged and there are numerous detours .
Monserrat Capdevila , a translator in Santiago , has barely received any news of her uncle , aunt and their three teenage children who live in a district on the outskirts of Concepcion , right past the bridge that connects that city to Talcahuano .
One of the walls of their home crashed down during the earthquake and since then , the family has been living out of its car .
Their house is not only uninhabitable , it also lacks gas for cooking and heating , water and electricity .
Communication with their relatives in Santiago has been sporadic and poor , and Capdevila worries about how they are getting by .
“ There is only one supermarket near them and it was closed after the quake .
Then it was completely looted so there is nothing there anymore .
I do n't know what or how they are eating , and my uncle is a diabetic , ” she said .
Her uncle was hospitalized Friday night in Concepcion and spent the earthquake alone in the hospital .
One of his sons went to get him the following morning and found his father standing in the hallway connected to a bag of serum .
There were no beds or stretchers available .
“ We do n't know how they will live .
Going to Concepcion or Talcahuano is useless , because there is nothing there anymore , ” said Capdevila .
Meanwhile , an expert rescue force that recently assisted in efforts in Haiti flew to Concepcion on Sunday to try to rescue some 50 people still trapped in a 15 - story building that crumbled to the ground .
The building — which opened just last year — collapsed to three floors .
In Santiago , a number of new apartment buildings in the Maipu district are in danger of falling down or have been rendered too dangerous to inhabit .
The apartments were brand new , and only half of them had been sold .
Their owners are outraged and since Saturday have been sleeping on the street , waiting for some explanation from the construction firm .
On Sunday evening , a newly constructed building in the Nunoa district was evacuated for fear it would collapse .
In other areas of Santiago similar situations are taking place , suggesting building contractors have been lax about regulations .
Theere are strict construction codes in place to make all installations resistant to tremors .
There is already talk of taking these firms to court once the emergency is over .
What does population growth mean for environmental policy ?
asks the Australian Conservation Foundation 's Charles Berger .
“ Growth does n’t have to be a dirty word , ” Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said ahead of the Growth Management Summit she hosts today and tomorrow .
Of course , she ’s right : “ growth ” is no more good or bad in the abstract than the direction west .
It all depends on where you are and where you want to go .
At the Growth Management Summit we ’ll hear lots about planning for population growth , but very little about why we would want our population to be rapidly growing .
For a conference about growth , the relative merits of slow versus fast population growth , let alone population stabilisation , are curiously off the agenda .
The Queensland government has developed a clever online tool for the conference , which allows users to play with a range of variables for south - east Queensland .
You can rank different priorities , such as public transport , large houses and preservation of agricultural land , and see how your choices affect the overall urban form of the region .
In many ways , it ’s what we need more of from government — engaging tools that allow us to think about future options and trade offs .
But there ’s one variable you can’t tinker with : population growth .
It ’s taken as a given .
The point of the conference , then , is to persuade us that very rapid population growth is desirable , inevitable and manageable .
Well , I ’m all for better management .
So let ’s get our hands dirty and look at what rapid population growth really means for environmental policy .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
First , carbon pollution .
The Rudd government has committed to reduce Australia ’s pollution levels to 60 % below 2000 levels by 2050 .
If our population stabilises at 27 million in 2050 , that means a per capita reduction of about 72 % .
That ’s tough enough already .
But if our population is 36 million by 2050 , a 79 % per capita reduction is required to meet the same goal , with even more ambitious reductions thereafter as our population continues to grow .
So carbon - intensive activities such as eating meat and flying in planes will have to be more expensive in the high - growth scenario .
Next , water .
The Victorian government has set Melburnians a water use target of 155 litres per person , per day .
If the city grows from its present population of 3.8 million to 5 million , Melburnians will have to cut their water use to 118 litres per person per day .
If Melbourne goes to 6 million , the daily target should be 98 litres .
Say hello to level - eight water restrictions .
Finally , land and biodiversity .
Population growth is causing environmental degradation on such a scale that ACF last week nominated it as a threatening process under the Environmental Conservation and Biodiversity Protection Act .
Restoring ecosystem health is much more than just protecting what ’s left .
Re-connecting fragmented habitats through biodiversity corridors is a centrepiece of many state environmental strategies .
The SE Queensland Regional Plan recognises the need to identify “ areas currently developed or cleared that can be rehabilitated to restore connectivity ” .
Currently developed land , to be restored for biodiversity ?
That will be hard enough as it is , but nearly inconceivable when you consider the housing demands of a rapidly increasing population .
So if they are being honest about the management challenges of a growing population , advocates for rapid growth must be prepared to spell out their plans for 79 % per capita cuts in emissions , water use of below 100 litres per person per day and housing densities that allow for the reversion of currently developed land to biodiversity corridors .
And that ’s just to be consistent with current government environmental policies .
I would genuinely like to see such a plan , but it does n’t exist and is n’t in the works .
In fact , the best existing regional and urban planning frameworks — Perth ’s “ Directions 2031 ” , the SE Queensland Regional Plan , Melbourne 2030 — are all at risk of being superseded by population growth .
Perhaps we should return to the original question : is rapid population growth a good idea in the first place ?
Recent polling suggests most Australians do n’t believe rapid growth is economically beneficial or environmentally benign .
And the government may not even believe its own rhetoric : just last year , the Australian government told the United Nations that population growth is one of the “ major current and long - term threats to Australia ’s biodiversity ” .
Perhaps growth is n’t a dirty word , but neither should it be pursued for its own sake .
IFSEC International : Europe 's leading integrated security event
IFSEC International 2021 is your unmatched opportunity to network and do business with the entire security buying chain , discover solutions and see real products put to the test across access control , video surveillance , cybersecurity and more .
Learn how to keep people and assets safe , enhance your knowledge , keep up - to - date with legislation , source products and grow your network .
Plus , expand your knowledge into counter - terrorism at Counter Terror Expo , taking place alongside IFSEC International for the first time .
At this free - to - attend event , you 'll meet major figures from government , security , emergency services , infrastructure and more .
IFSEC International has been rescheduled to take place on the 18 - 20 May 2021 , read the official press release here .
In spite of the fact that the United States faces no enemy anywhere in the world capable of opposing it on a battlefield , the Defense budget for 2011 will go up 7.1 percent from current levels .
A lot of the new spending will be on drones , America ’s latest contribution to western civilization , capable of surveilling large areas on the ground and delivering death from the skies .
It is a peculiarly American vision of warfare , with a " pilot " sitting at a desk half a world away and pressing a button that can kill a target far below .
Hygienic and mechanical , it is a bit like a video game with no messy cleanup afterwards .
The recently released United States Quadrennial Defense Review reports how the Pentagon will be developing a new generation of super drones that can stay airborne for long periods of time and can strike anywhere in the world and at any time to kill America ’s enemies .
The super drones will include some that can fly at supersonic speeds and others that will be large enough to carry nuclear weapons .
Some of the new drones will be designed for the navy , able to take off from aircraft carriers and project US power to even more distant hot spots .
Drones are particularly esteemed by policymakers because as they are unmanned and can fly low to the ground they can violate someone ’s airspace " accidentally " without necessarily resulting in a diplomatic incident .
Washington ’s embrace of drones as the weapon of choice for international assassination is one major reason why the United States has become the evil empire .
Drones are the extended fist of what used to be referred to as the Bush Doctrine .
Under the Bush Doctrine Washington asserted that it had a right to use its military force preemptively against anyone in the world at any time if the White House were to determine that such action might be construed as defending the United States .
Vice President Dick
Cheney defined the policy in percentage terms , asserting that if there was a 1 % chance that any development anywhere in the world could endanger Americans , the United States government was obligated to act .
It should be noted that President Barack Obama has not repudiated either the Bush doctrine or the 1 % solution of Dick Cheney and has actually gone so far as to assert that America is fighting Christianity - approved " just wars , " a position disputed by Pope Benedict XVI among others .
Far from eschewing war and killing , the number and intensity of drone attacks has increased under Obama , as has the number of civilian casualties , referred to by the splendid bloodless euphemism " collateral damage . "
Drones are currently killing people in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , and Somalia .
It should be noted that the United States is not at war with any of those countries , which should mean in a sane world that the killing is illegal under both international law and the US Constitution .
America ’s Founding Fathers used constitutional restraints to make it difficult for Americans to go to war , requiring an act of war by Congress .
Unfortunately it has not worked out that way .
The US has been involved in almost constant warfare since the Second World War but the most recent actual declaration of war was on December 8 , 1941 .
And then there are the special and clandestine operations that span the globe .
Apart from Israel , no other country in the world has an openly declared policy of going around and killing people .
One would think that the international community would consequently regard both Tel Aviv and Washington as pariahs , but fear of offending the world ’s only super power and its principal client state has aborted most criticism .
Most nations are resigned to letting assassination teams and hellfire armed drones operate as they please .
If Iran were operating the drones and bumping off its enemies in places like Dubai you can be sure the reaction would be quite different .
And it does n’t stop there .
Obama ’s Attorney General Eric
Holder has effectively blocked any inquiry into the use of torture by US government officials , mostly from the CIA .
The Administration claims to have stopped the practice but has declared that no one will be punished for obeying orders to waterboard prisoners , an argument that was not acceptable at the Nuremberg trials in 1946 and should not be acceptable now .
The United States is a signatory to the international agreement on torture and there are also both federal and state laws that prohibit either carrying out or enabling the practice , so the ruling by Holder is essentially a decision to ignore serious crimes that were committed against individuals who , in many cases , were both helpless and completely innocent .
It also ignores the participation of Justice Department lawyers and CIA doctors in the process , involvement that most would consider both immoral and unethical .
Worst of all , it lets off the hook the real war criminals , people like George Tenet and those in the White House who approved the practice .
Tenet , one recalls , received the Presidential Medal of Freedom and a $ 4 million book deal .
He still teaches at Georgetown University .
Justice Department lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee , who made the legal arguments for torture are now respectively a tenured professor at Berkeley and a federal appeals court justice .
One assumes that the actual CIA torturers continue to be employed by the federal government or are enjoying a comfortable retirement .
So much for accountability for war crimes under President Obama .
Finally there is assassination .
On February 3rd Director of National Intelligence Dennis Blair commented during a congressional briefing that the United States reserves the right to kill American citizens overseas who are actively " involved " with groups regarded as terrorist .
Involvement is , of course , a very slippery expression providing maximum latitude for those seeking to make a case for summary execution .
The death list involves a due process of sorts in that a government official makes the decision who shall be on it based on guidelines but it does not allow the accused to challenge or dispute evidence .
It should also be noted that no one in Congress objected to the Blair statement and the media hardly reported the story , suggesting that tolerance of illegal and immoral activity now pervades the system .
As former Reagan Deputy Attorney General Bruce Fein has commented , the claimed authority to suspend one ’s constitutional rights overseas can be extended to anyone in the United States by declaring one an enemy combatant under the terms of the Military Commissions Act .
Jose Padilla was denied his constitutional rights to a fair trial even though he was an American citizen and was arrested in Chicago , not overseas .
Can we anticipate extrajudicial killing of American citizens in America as part of the war on terror ?
Of course we can .
Three strikes and you ’re out , Mr. Obama .
Your government stands for preemptive killing and missile strikes on people living in countries with which America is not at war , lets torturers and torture enablers go free , and has asserted the right to assassinate its own citizens anywhere in the world based on secret evidence .
Ronald Reagan once described his vision of America as a shining city on a hill .
Over the past ten years the shining city has become the ultimate rogue nation , pumped up with power and hubris in spite of the clearly visible signs of decline and moving inexorably towards a catastrophic fall .
Dubai : A private Quran teacher , charged with raping an 11 - year - old schoolboy over a seven - month period and showing him pornographic material on his phone , has been referred to court .
Prosecutors have charged the 33 - year - old Pakistani teacher , Z.B. , with raping the compatriot boy , S.Z. , repeatedly and on different occasions while teaching him verses from the Quran , and have referred him to the Dubai Court of First Instance .
Gulf News has learnt that the defendant , who denies raping the boy but admits touching him , will be prosecuted in the criminal court on April 1 .
According to the arraignment sheet , prosecutors charged Z.B. with taking advantage of the fact he was alone with the boy in a private room and repeatedly having sex with him against his will .
The suspect repeated his sexual abuse on different occasions .
He was also charged with possessing child pornography on his mobile phone and showing it to S.Z .
Prosecutors have asked the Court of First Instance to apply the death sentence against the defendant — which is the toughest punishment applicable under the penal code .
Scared
The 11 - year - old schoolboy testified that the suspect at first started touching him and them moved on to having sex with him against his will .
" The suspect used to teach me the Quran five times a week .
He did bad things to me .
The last time he abused me was on January 11 , 2010 , " the schoolboy told the prosecutor who questioned him .
The boy 's 27 - year - old mother , T.Q. , said during the prosecution questioning : " I hired Z.B. to teach the Holy Book to my son because he taught several boys in our neighbourhood .
He used to teach him while the room door was left open for 30 minutes .
After the last lesson , I noticed that my son was confused and scared … he claimed to me that the suspect molested him .
Immediately after I reported to the police , my son claimed to me that the teacher raped him throughout the seven months he taught him …
I informed the police a second time . "
Prosecution records quoted the suspect admitting that he touched the boy 's back but denies rape .
Records have shown that this is the third court case involving Quran teachers accused of sexually assaulting children .
Zoologger is our weekly column highlighting extraordinary animals – and occasionally other organisms – from around the world .
Weird sex ( Image : Peter Funch )
Species : Symbion pandora
Habitat :
In the eastern Atlantic Ocean – on the mouthparts of Norway lobsters ( also known as Dublin Bay prawns or langoustines )
There ’s no question that discovering a new species is very cool .
But how about discovering a new phylum ?
Advertisement
A phylum is a broad division in taxonomy : all vertebrates , for example , from fish to humans , are in the chordate phylum .
In 1995 , Peter Funch and Reinhardt Møbjerg Kristensen , both then at the University of Copenhagen , Denmark , discovered an animal so unlike any other that a new phylum – Cycliophora – had to be created just for it .
Symbion pandora , as they called the new creature , is a tiny animal with a complex body and a bizarre life cycle .
It still baffles biologists 15 years after it was formally described , and the latest work on its nervous system is n’t helping matters .
Opening Pandora ’s tube
Symbion is a tiny animal about half a millimetre long , shaped like a bulbous tube with a ring of tiny hairs – cilia – at one end .
They live on the hairy mouthparts of Norway lobsters , with tens or even hundreds per lobster .
They feed on bits of leftover food and seem to be harmless to their hosts .
The ring of cilia drives food particles into a funnel , which delivers them into a U - shaped digestive tract .
Any indigestible fragments are ejected through the anus – with the help of a muscular sphincter .
Symbions have no legs , but keep themselves in place with a short stalk ending in an adhesive disc that attaches to their host lobster .
Things start to get complicated when you consider their life cycle .
Let ’s start with a feeding animal living on a lobster ’s mouthparts : this individual – it ’s hard to assign a sex – can then produce one of three kinds of offspring : a “ Pandora ” larva , a “ Prometheus ” larva or a female .
The Pandora larva develops into another feeding adult – a straightforward case of asexual reproduction .
By contrast , the female remains inside the adult and awaits a male – but , attentive readers will be crying , what male ?
The answer lies in the Prometheus larva .
This attaches itself to another feeding adult , then produces two or three males from within itself .
These dwarf males , which are even more internally complex than the other stages , seek out the females and fertilise them – though the details are unknown .
Once the female has been fertilised , she leaves the adult ’s body and hunkers down in a sheltered region of the lobster ’s mouthparts .
Her body , no longer needed , turns into a hard cyst .
Inside this , a fertilised egg develops into yet another stage : the chordoid larva .
In due course this larva hatches and swims off to colonise another lobster .
Once it has attached itself to one , it develops into another adult and the cycle begins again .
Mysterious origins
It seems there are two other species of symbion : one lives on American lobsters , and another , which may not be a distinct species , lives on European lobsters .
Nobody knows how the symbion phylum arose in evolutionary history , or where it fits into the evolutionary tree / thicket / web ( you can choose your own metaphor ) .
Genes and brains
Studies of their genes suggest that they may be related to the entoprocts and bryozoans , two groups of marine animals that look like goblets on long stalks .
The “ goblets ” are topped with rings of cilia called crowns with which the animals feed – rather like the symbions do .
There is just one problem : no one is really sure where the entoprocts belong in the tree of life either .
Another way of looking at the problem is to compare their nervous systems with those of other animals .
The symbion phylum ( along with the entoprocts ) is part of a larger group called the Lophotrochozoa – so which of these do their nervous systems look like ?
Bizarrely , the answer may be “ none ” .
The latest study , by Kristensen and colleagues , shows that the various symbion larvae have nervous systems quite unlike those of other lophotrochozoans .
They seem to be missing several of the key components – perhaps because they lost them at some point in their evolution .
It seems the symbions will keep their aura of mystery for a while yet .
Journal reference : Zoologischer Anzeiger – A Journal of Comparative Zoology , DOI : 10.1016/j.jcz.2010.02.002
Read previous Zoologger columns : Keep freeloaders happy with rotting corpses , Robin Hood meets his underwater match , The mud creature that lives without oxygen , Magneto - bat steers by a built - in compass , The world ’s most promiscuous … snail , Pregnant males are pro-choice for abortion , Mummy , can I have some more carrion soup ? ,
The largest arthropod to prowl the land , Fireproofing tips from the great bowerbird .
One of the most contentious parts of the controversial digital economy bill was voted down by the House of Lords last night – only to be replaced by a clause that campaigners say is even more draconian .
The Liberal Democrats forced through a surprise amendment to the bill 's notorious clause 17 on Wednesday – in a move that dealt a defeat to the government but troubled critics , who suggest it will have the opposite effect that its creators intend .
Instead of sweeping new powers that threatened sweeping alterations to British copyright law , the Lib Dems added a clause that gives extra oversight to the high court .
The new proposal – which was passed in the House of Lords by 165 votes to 140 – gives a high court judge the right to issue an injunction against a website accused of hosting a " substantial " amount of copyright infringing material , potentially forcing the entire site offline .
Putting forward the amendment , Lib Dem peer Lord Clement - Jones said that it would placate concerns over the so - called " three strikes " rule – which could see those accused of sharing files illegally online having their internet connections cut off – and added that it was a " more proportionate , specific and appropriate " way to approach infringement than the previous proposals made by the government .
" I believe this is going to send a powerful message to our creative industries that we value what they do , that we want to protect what they do , that we do not believe in censoring the internet but we are responding to genuine concerns , " he said .
But instead of making the proposed system more transparent and accountable , critics say it will simply leave it open to abuse .
" This would open the door to a massive imbalance of power in favour of large copyright holding companies , " said Jim Killock , executive director of the Open Rights Group .
" Individuals and small businesses would be open to massive ' copyright attacks ' that could shut them down , just by the threat of action . "
" This is exactly how libel law works today : suppressing free speech by the unwarranted threat of legal action .
The expense and the threat are enough to create a ' chilling effect ' . "
In particular , there are concerns that the amendment could follow in the footsteps of America 's controversial Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which has been accused of encouraging companies to file bogus copyright claims to block material they dislike .
The high costs and dangers of dealing with copyright claims in court mean that many web hosts simply take down the material in question without checking whether the copyright case is legitimate – even going as far as shutting down entire websites in some cases .
Just last week the well - known whistleblower website Cryptome was taken offline when Microsoft attempted to suppress the publication of its so - called " spy guide " by issuing a copyright claim under the DMCA .
When the site 's service provider received Microsoft 's request , it not only blocked the document in question but also effectively removed the entire Cryptome site from the web .
Microsoft eventually retracted its claim in order to let the site – which had stayed online for years despite numerous run-ins with other companies and US government agencies – go back online .
The new amendment could also have dire implications for websites like YouTube , where users can upload copyright - infringing material without the knowledge of the site 's owners .
The video sharing site , which is owned by Google , is already subject to a $ 1bn lawsuit by US media giant Viacom – but argues that it cannot screen every video that goes onto its site to check whether it infringes copyright .
Given the large amounts of material hosted on the site , however , the whole thing could potentially be blocked by the high court .
Lilian Edwards , a cyberlaw expert at Sheffield University , said that the new proposals had some benefits but also had sweeping downsides .
" For the first time , Sony and the rest can now go to court and demand that every ISP in the UK blocks YouTube , " she wrote .
" There will in reality be no , or few , court applications - just non-publicised notifications .
This is essentially legislation for cover extralegal censorship for the benefit of entrenched private interests . "
Such concerns mark only the latest controversy attached to the digital economy bill , which has caused upset since it was first proposed last year .
On Monday , Lord Puttnam said that the scheme was being rushed through parliament without sufficient scrutiny , and that legislators were subject to an " extraordinary degree of lobbying " from copyright holders .
The bill must pass through the House of Lords before it can be put before the Commons and turned into law .
Reading continues in the Lords on Monday .
THE state 's worst murderers and violent criminals will be kept behind bars after their sentences have finished under a radical plan by the NSW government that will target prisoners who resist rehabilitation .
Premier Kristina Keneally will today order Corrective Services to begin an audit of the 750 ' ' worst of the worst ' ' prisoners in NSW .
Radical plan ...
Kristina Keneally will order an audit of prisoners today .
Credit : Adam Hollingworth
Prisoners refusing rehabilitation programs or judged not to have taken responsibility for their crimes will be detained indefinitely under new powers .
The plan will build on the Crimes ( Serious Sex Offenders )
Act , which provides for the extended detention and strict monitoring of rapists and sexual offenders .
Extended Supervision
Orders would be expanded to keep murderers and violent criminals caged in the same way as sex offenders .
Is peak phosphorus the next global crisis ?
I 've read claims that world reserves of phosphates , a mined resource essential in the production of agricultural fertilizer , are running out .
The implications of this make global warming sound like a back - bencher in the End o' Civilization tournament .
Can you , in your vast knowledge , shed any light on the subject ?
- Arcadia
Yes , we face the dread prospect of peak phosphorus .
However , we 're also looking at peak oil , peak uranium , peak coal - hell , even peak gallium , a metal used in electronics and solar cells that may have reached peak production eight years ago .
The obvious question is , how much worse can things get ?
Answer : a lot , maybe .
Without oil , uranium , or coal we 'll be short of energy , which is bad enough .
But without phosphorus we 'll starve .
Phosphorus is found in everything from matches to Coca - Cola , but more than 90 percent of the phosphorus we use goes to make fertilizer , where it 's usually mixed with nitrogen and potassium .
Phosphorus is a key component of DNA and cell structures and in plants plays an important role in leaf growth , yield , disease resistance , and overall maturity and health .
Modern agriculture is heavily dependent on fertilizer .
Between 1919 and 1955 , about a quarter of all improvement in U.S. crop yields was due to fertilizer .
A UN study estimates every pound of fertilizer is responsible for about 10 pounds of cereal grain .
You can fertilize with nitrogen and potassium alone , but at considerable cost to your harvest .
Now for the bad news : the U.S. produces a bit more than 27 million tons per year of phosphate rock , the primary source of phosphorus , and has reserves of about 1.1 billion tons .
That means we 'll run out in 40 years .
Worldwide the situation is a little better , with about 160 million tons of annual production and 16 billion tons of reserves , enough for 100 years .
While that sounds like a decent margin , the global peak may be less than 30 years away .
Another problem is that most of the planet 's readily obtainable phosphorus supply is in Morocco ( which sits on more than a third of proven worldwide reserves ) , Western Sahara , China , Jordan , and South Africa .
Tradewise we 're already in hock to the Arab countries and China , and phosphorus dependency will only make things worse .
Even now China is imposing tariffs on its phosphorus to discourage exports .
Spot phosphorus shortages have caused wild swings in price - during 2009 , for example , phosphate rock sold for anywhere from $ 90 to $ 450 per ton .
Are we looking at phosphorus wars ?
Let 's just say we may see some strategic initiatives , if history 's any guide .
The quest for fertilizer was behind an American land grab beginning 150 years ago , when the Guano Islands Act of 1856 empowered U.S. sailors to seize islands around the world for their deposits of nitrogen - rich bird and bat guano .
Back to your question : how does peak phosphorus rate on the panic meter ?
There 's plenty of phosphate rock available , maybe ten times the amount we can profitably extract using today 's technology .
Rising prices will surely make it worth someone 's while to invent better methods , and once that happens we 'll be set for centuries .
For example , there 's an enormous amount of phosphate rock in the continental shelf offshore .
To get it , all we need are underwater robot miners and a willingness to tolerate massive environmental damage .
Problem solved !
We can do a few things in the meantime .
For example , no - till farming and crop terracing can reduce soil erosion , meaning we 'd need less fertilizer to replace what washes away .
We can fertilize with animal byproducts and manure , and human waste too .
Sewage sludge contains enough phosphorus to prompt the thrifty Dutch to process it for fertilizer .
Some approaches are more radical .
One excellent source of phosphorus , it so happens , is urine .
To harvest this resource , Sweden has rolled out special urine - diverting toilets , which use a partitioned bowl to send urine to storage tanks for phosphorus recovery .
What 's the likelihood of retrofitting 105 million American homes to store urine ?
At the moment , pretty low .
But who knows how desperate we 'll get ?
EDITORIAL
Putinomics Crushes Russia ’s Economy
“ The Russian economy is in recovery ! ”
That ’s the Kremlin ’s story and it ’s sticking to it , whatever the facts may show .
And what the facts in fact show is continuing disaster .
The VTB Capital purchasing manager ’s index , for instance , shows that employment has fallen every month since October 2009 , reaching 9.2 % in January , the highest level since March 2009 .
The PMI index fell to 51.0 , it ’s lowest level since last July , and just one point above the level that indicates a double - dip recession .
VTB says that the services sector “ slowed to nearly a standstill in February , as the number of new orders declined dramatically from the prior month . ”
That ’s only the tip of the bad - news iceberg where Putinomics is concerned .
Robert Amsterdam points out that the Russian banking system is so mired in failure that the Kremlin is actually praising the role of pawnshops , which are thriving as banks tumble and collapse and lending dries up to a mere trickle .
The initial public offering of Rusal , the world ’s largest aluminum producer , was a humiliating disaster , so much so that the offering ’s own underwriters lost interest in the shares and repudiated them .
And in another truly breathtaking development , the Kremlin admitted things were getting so desperate it might be prepared t0o abandon the national currency .
There is only one word for a person who can review an avalanche of bad news like this and still contend that the Russian economy is in recovery , and that word is : Idiot .
The world has watched slack - jawed as the once - vaunted Putin economy has imploded .
It has seen exposed Putin ’s ridiculous lies about Russia becoming an independent “ safe harbor ” that could challenge the United States as a leader in a multi-polar world .
The harm done to the Putin economy as a result of the global crisis was far , far greater than what the USA experienced .
Worse , the world has seen exposed the naked fraud of the Putin economy , which in fact is nothing but a sham , totally dependent on world crude oil prices .
Though he has held power for more than a decade now , Putin has done nothing to diversify the Russian economy .
To do so would require two things that Putin is incapable of : first , knowledge of economics and business ; second , a willingness to allow competing centers of power to arise in Russia , centers that could one day challenge him .
So Putin has fiddled while Russia burned .
He has not prepared his country for the vagaries of the business cycle , not prepared it to be competitive in a globalized economy , not prepared it to face the technology of the 21st century .
Instead , he has done nothing but provoke foreign countries , so that Russia has far more enemies now than when he took power , and divert huge amounts of resources to a new cold war .
Putin has acted , in other words , exactly like what he is : a narrow - minded , proud KGB spy who wants nothing but to create a new - and - improved USSR .
Two former computer programmers at Bernard L. Madoff ’s firm were indicted Wednesday by a federal grand jury in Manhattan .
The programmers — Jerome O’Hara , 47 , and George Perez , 44 — had been previously charged in the case .
They are accused of developing and maintaining the computer programs used in Mr. Madoff ’s fraudulent investment advisory business .
“ O’ Hara and Perez are alleged to have known that the special programs they developed contained fraudulent information and that they were used in connection with the S.E.C. and European accounting firm reviews ” of Madoff ’s business , according to a statement from the office of Preet Bharara , the United States attorney on the case .
Mr. O’Hara , of Malverne , N.Y. , and Mr. Perez , of East Brunswick , N.J. , were charged in a criminal complaint in November .
They each face a maximum sentence of 30 years in prison .
They are charged with conspiracy and falsifying records of a broker - dealer and of an investment adviser .
I was sad to find out it was not actually Thursday .
. .
Google ( GOOG ) is finally making some changes to its new Buzz product in response to outrage about the product 's glaring privacy flaws .
But these changes do n't include the most obvious and important one : Making the whole thing opt- in and private by default .
As of now , Google 's algorithm just picks people out of your email box for you to follow and be followed by , regardless of whether they are friends , spouses , mistresses , stalkers , or enemies .
Worse , the list of your followers and followees is made public by default , so anyone can see it .
Put simply , Google just let the whole world peek into your email Inbox , without ever asking you if you wanted it to do that .
That Google has had two days to understand these issues and still fails to see how outrageous they are speaks volumes about the company 's engineering - focused mentality and arrogance .
It works , says Google .
It 's better .
We know because we 've tested it .
And Google has tested it .
At Google .
Among folks who can answer all the clever questions on Google 's interview tests and who eat , sleep , and breathe Google 's algorithmic thinking .
But people who do n't work at Google are furious about the privacy violation that Google has just forced down their throats , as well as the company 's refusal to acknowledge it .
Time to wake up , Google .
This is about people , not technology .
And people are pissed .
2 Upcoming Appearances !!!
Staple !
THIS WEEKEND !!!
March 6 @ The Monarch Event Center in Austin , TX
MORE INFO
Emerald City Comic-Con
March 13 - 14 @ The Washington State Convention Center in Seattle , WA
MORE INFO
If there ’s one thing that makes Ron D. Moore ’s space - beard stand on end it ’s the juxtaposition of science and religion .
When you boil it down to space - ics this is the central theme of every show he ’s ever run .
He often broaches the topic in such s way that really gets you thinking about the wider implications of the argument .
“ If a planet of space - jews tell me I ’m the messiah and treat me like the messiah no matter what I do or say , AM I the messiah ?
Is that all it takes ?
Is that what happened to Jesus ? ”
But once the idea is presented from at least a dozen different angles it tends to wear thin .
Why ?
Because in none of these shows does he ever actually come close to answering the question .
Again , why ?
Because you can’t .
It ’s a universal unknown .
And I think that ’s his point .
No matter how advanced we get as a species , spirituality and faith will always be open to personal interpretation and will typically go against the commonly accepted scientific theories of the day .
That ’s just human nature for better or worse .
Robots , lasers , FTL’s and wormholes are n’t going to change us that drastically .
In each of the series mentioned in today ’s comic Moore also gives plenty of evidence that both sides ( science and religion ) are probably believing the same exact truths , just with different perspectives .
For instance , the wormhole aliens in DS9 ARE NOT GODS .
They do n’t claim to be .
They are just super powerful , all knowing , non-linear aliens .
The Bajorans view them as gods because … well they can do everything people expect a god can do .
Then you ask the same question I asked about Captain Sisko / The Emissary in the first paragraph : if it walks like a god and bends reality to its will like a god , is it a god ?
I think Moore ’s answer , again , is “ it does n’t matter . ” DS9 never comes out and says the Bajorans are wrong in their beliefs or that they are the Alpa quadrant equivalent of an ant worshipping a human , but it also never affirms their deifying of their planet ’s upstairs space - neighbors is really a great idea .
Ron Moore has always told SLOOOOOOOOW stories with a ton of gray area .
Nothing is fixed , everything is open to interpretation .
As I said earlier , this can wear thin .
Those of you that shared my opinions on the conclusion of Battelstar Galactica ( micro spoilers ahead ) know what I ’m talking about .
In any situation where you ’ve spent countless hours postulating and pontificating on the true causes behind a chain of emotional , intense and seemingly connected events “ oh , what ?
oh , it was probably God that did it all ” is not a satisfying resolution .
It reeks of lazy story telling .
But when you realize that is the ONLY way Ron Moore has ever told a story , you can begin to set your expectations appropriately .
Which brings us to Caprica .
I pored my mostly negative feelings about the first few episodes of Caprica all over the LoFijiNKS Podcast and there they remain for your listening pleasure .
Since then the show has taken a bit of an upward turn and really started to explore some of its untapped potential .
The concept of V - World ( the online , holographic , no consequences , virtual reality - scape all the kids are into ) could be a show in itself .
In fact , I wo n’t be surprised if Caprica begins to focus on the more “ Matrixy ” aspects of its reality as the season progresses .
There ’s a lot of meat on them scifi bones and it could make for excellent TV .
The “ I ’m a dead girl stuck in a robot / am I really dead if my memories are in tact ?/ what are we if not the sum total of our experiences ?/ am I the robot messiah ? ” on the other hand is already more Moore than I bargained for .
This space has been thoroughly explored to death by scifi since its inception as a genre and I doubt Caprica will uncover anything new in that arena .
I can say that I have changed my early opinion on Caprica from “ PASS ” to “ PROCEDE WITH CAUTION . ”
You really have to understand Ron D. Moore ’s M.O as a story teller in order to get into this series .
He is n’t afraid to have ZERO sympathetic characters , incredibly slow pacing when the story calls for it and to borrow heavily from the themes of his previous work .
He also just had an invincible virtual dead girl debug a few “ agents ” with her mind , and take out an entire online crime syndicate with virtual machine guns in a holographic version of Grand Theft Auto .
So there ’s that .
UPDATE : BILLS !
BILLS !
BILLS !:
I am very happy to report that the Fancy Bastards have already donated over $ 1000 towards my medical expenses !
If you enjoy the comic and would like to help out , please consider making a small DONATION .
Put “ ER Bill ” in the comments and I will make sure it goes straight to the Hospital / Collection Agency .
Thank you all so very much .
The stories of the US engagement with Syria and the sanctions issue regarding Iran 's nuclear program are fascinating .
Each day there 's some new development showing how the Obama administration is acting like a deer standing in the middle of a busy highway admiring the pretty headlights of the automobiles .
It 's like watching the monster sneak up behind someone .
Even though you know he wo n't turn around , you can't help but watch in fascinated horror and yell : " Look out ! "
But he pays no attention .
Briefly , the Syrian government keeps punching the US in the face as Washington ignores it .
On March 1 , a new record was set .
The place : State Department daily press conference ; the star , spokesman Philip J. Crowley .
A reporter asks how the administration views the fact that the moment a US delegation left after urging Syrian President Bashar Assad to move away from Iran and stop supporting Hizbullah , Syria 's dictator invited Iran 's dictator along with Hizbullah 's leader to visit .
In other words , the exact opposite of what the US requested .
Is the government annoyed ?
Does it want to express some anger or issue a threat ?
Let 's listen .
Crowley : " Well , I would point it in a slightly different direction ...
We want to see Syria play a more constructive role in the region .
We also want - to the extent that it has the ability to talk to Iran directly - we want to make sure that Syria 's communicating to Iran its concerns about its role in the region and the direction , the nature of its nuclear ambitions ... "
In other words , I 'm going to ignore the fact that the first thing that Assad did after Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs William Burns 's visit was a love fest with Iran and Hizbullah .
But even more amazing , what Crowley said is that the US government thinks Syria , Iran 's partner and ally , may be upset that Iran is being aggressive and expansionist .
And it actually expects the Syrians to urge Iran not to build nuclear weapons .
Meanwhile , as theadministration congratulates itself on explaining to Syria that it should reduce support for Hizbullah , IDF military intelligence releases an assessment that Syria is giving Hizbullah more and better arms than ever before .
Meanwhile , on the Iran front , it is now March and still - six months after the first administration deadline and three months after the second deadline - no major sanctions on Iran .
Remarkably , even former Democratic presidential candidate and head of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee John Kerry has taken a stronger stance than theadministration .
He supports the congressional call for tough sanctions to block Iran 's energy industry which easily passed both houses .
" I believe that the most biting and important sanctions would be those on the energy side . "
But the Obamaadministration wants far more limited sanctions focused on a small group in the regime elite .
Yet sanctions are getting further away rather than closer .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hinted at this by pulling back from her early prediction of sanctions by April , now saying it might be " some time in the next several months . "
At the same time , we have endless evidence that the claim the Russians ( and Chinese and others ) are coming to support sanctions is nonsense .
Just before meeting with Clinton to discuss the issue , Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva explained , " Peace in the world does not mean isolating someone . "
( Quick , invite him to explain this to the anti-Israel forces in Europe and elsewhere . )
But it 's outright amusing to see the efforts to spin the Russian and Chinese position .
In this regard , the prize for this week should be won by an AP dispatch whose headline read : " Russia moves closer to Iran sanctions over nukes . "
And what is the basis for this claim that there has just been " the strongest sign to date that the Kremlin was prepared to drop traditional opposition to such penalties if Teheran remain obstinate ? "
This statement from President Dmitry Medvedev : " We believe that [ engagement with Iran is ] not over yet , that we can still reach an agreement .
But if we do n't succeed , Russia is ready - along with our partners ... to consider the question of adopting sanctions . "
Get it ?
When Russia decides that talking with Iran wo n't work , at that point - how long from now would that be ?
- it will " consider " sanctions .
Actually , he said the same thing last August , a statement trumpeted in September by The New York Times as proving Obama 's policy was working .
There is more clarity with the Chinese , though the pretense is also made that they might do something .
But Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang put it this way : " We believe there is still room for diplomatic efforts and the parties concerned should intensify those efforts . "
At most , the optimists suggest , in the words of this Reuters dispatch : " China will resist any proposed sanctions that threaten flows of oil and Chinese investments , but most believe it will accept a more narrowly cast resolution that has more symbolic than practical impact . "
Yes , that 's the kind of thing that already existed four years ago .
Some progress .
Is it too much to ask policy - makers to pay attention to what 's going on occasionally ?
So let 's leave it to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to sum up how things seem to Iran , Syria , Hamas , Hizbullah and many others .
The Americans , he said , " not only have failed to gain any power , but also are forced to leave the region .
They are leaving their reputation , image and power behind in order to escape ...
The [ American ] government has no influence [ to stop ] the expansion of Iran - Syria ties , Syria - Turkey ties and Iran - Turkey ties - God willing , Iraq too will join the circle . "
I think this suggests that the radicals think that the US is weak , in retreat , and that the future belongs to them .
In other words , US President Barack Obama 's policy is n't moderating the radicals , it 's making them more aggressive and confident .
The UK Metro is reporting on a wedding ceremony held for a 28 - year old Korean man and his full - sized body pillow girlfriend .
The pillow cover supposedly has an image of a character named Fate Testarossa from the anime series Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha .
The story is reminiscent of a New York Times Magazine piece I wrote last year ; the Metro article also mentions a story we originally posted on Boing Boing in November about a guy who married a character in his Nintendo DS dating sim .
At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona we bumped on to a young Danish company filled with energy and sportive spirits , Endomondo has developed a sports tracking application .
The application works on phones with GPS and tracks your speed and distance covered in 20 different sports , from running and skiing , to hiking and cycling .
It works on Symbian , Windows Mobile , Andriod and iPhone platforms and currently has 70,000 users mainly in the US , UK and Denmark .
Mette Lykke one of the Co-Founders of Endomondo told us that they aim to have half a million users by the end of 2010 , let the race begin !
Our nation 's college journalists just cannot stop getting themselves arrested , for journalism .
Alex Kotran , intrepid photojournalist - at - large for the Ohio State Lantern , was simply covering two runaway and potentially deadly cows , when he was rudely detained .
Fiends .
Alex spotted the runaway cows from his dorm room .
He rushed to the scene and began documenting it , photographically .
He was accosted by cow - chasing thugs from the School of Agriculture .
He informed them that he was a working journalist , and that they had better summon the police if they expected to stop him from photographing two runaway hostile cows on the campus of the Ohio State University .
Shortly after , a fascist anti-First Amendment cop ordered him to stop his documentations .
" At the time , several officers and OSU workers were on the field chasing the cows .
Kotran was nearly 100 yards away from the action . "
Alex Kotran bravely persisted in his cow photography , and ended up being detained and cuffed by the police .
And what happened while he was being detained ?
What were they trying to hide ?
During that time , other OSU Police fired several shots at the cow , according to news reports .
We stand with you , Alex Kotran , cow photographer .
The Ohio State University police should know : the world is watching ( you shoot at cows ) .
[ The Lantern via Romenesko ]
In many computer operating systems a user authenticates himself by entering a secret password known solely to himself and the system .
The system compares this password with one recorded in a Password Table which is available to only the authentication program .
The integrity of the system depends on keeping the table secret .
In this paper a password scheme is presented which does not require secrecy in the computer .
All aspects of the system , including all relevant code and data bases , may be known by anyone attempting to intrude .
The scheme is based on using a function H which the would - be intruder is unable to invert .
This function is applied to the user 's password and the result compared to a table entry , a match being interpreted as authentication of the user .
The intruder may know all about H and have access to the table , but he can penetrate the system only if he can invert H to determine an input that produces a given output .
This paper discusses issues surrounding selection of a suitable H . Two different plausible arguments are given that penetration would be exceedingly difficult , and it is then argued that more rigorous results are unlikely .
Finally , some human engineering problems relating to the scheme are discussed .
Decked out in dress greens , his uniform so laden with insignia , badges , patches , ribbons , and medals that it seemed to pull him into a slight stoop , the Most Important General in America , David Howell Petraeus , arrived on Capitol Hill in September of 2007 bearing remarkable news .
Just back from Baghdad , the hot center of a four - year - long war that had come to be seen as a fiasco , Petraeus would testify that things had begun to improve — that the counter - insurgency strategy he had initiated eight months before was working , against all odds and expectations .
Violent incidents had fallen off dramatically .
Former Sunni insurgents had come around and begun to oppose al - Qaeda .
Dangerous Shiite militias were putting down their arms .
Instead of conceding futility and abandoning Iraq to chaos and civil war , there was a good chance the United States could stabilize the country enough to begin a relatively bloodless and honorable phased withdrawal .
The general brought , in short , unwelcome news , at least to many Democratic lawmakers .
When he arrived in the crowded hearing room , on the morning of September 10 , only his immediate staff had read his planned testimony .
With members of the House Armed Services and Foreign Affairs Committees staring down at him from a two - tiered dais , the general emphasized that simple fact : “ I wrote this testimony myself , ” he said .
“ It has not been cleared by , nor shared with , anyone in the Pentagon , the White House , or the Congress . ”
Shutters clicked and cameras flashed .
The general seemed perfectly calm but was , in fact , uncomfortable .
The stakes were enormous , the emotion was palpable , the scrutiny was intense .
The sheer length of the hearings would be physically painful .
Fortified with Motrin , Petraeus sat erect at the edge of a hard chair that afforded no cushion for his pelvis , which he had broken seven years earlier in a parachute jump .
He is a slight man , still boyish in his mid-50s , with blue eyes , limp brown hair combed flat to the right , and a concave face whose features slope away from a prominent nose .
He looks more like a bookworm than a warrior .
Cheerful by nature , he is eager to please and eager to explain .
Petraeus is a world - class explainer .
There is scarcely a soldier who has served with him who has not , in the general ’s own words , “ been PowerPointed to within an inch of his life . ”
His presentations are masterworks of explication that aspire to the level of art .
They reflect his deep understanding of — indeed , his love for — the byzantine machinery of America ’s military - industrial complex .
But no matter how well prepared he might be , there was little chance of dazzling this crowd .
Before he had even opened his mouth he was under attack .
Democrats had won a majority in Congress and were gearing up to ride anger and frustration over the Iraq war to the White House .
The last thing they wanted to hear was that things were looking up — that President George W. Bush ’s so - called surge was working .
The advocacy group MoveOn.org , anticipating that Petraeus would fail to signal retreat , had attacked him with a full - page ad in that day ’s New York Times , labeling him “ General Betray Us . ”
Before the first word of his presentation , Armed Services chairman Ike Skelton described the general ’s efforts in Iraq as a failure .
Foreign Affairs Committee chair Tom Lantos , a pink - faced Democrat from California with a perfectly coiffed white halo , squinted down at the general — again before seeing or hearing a word from him — and pronounced , “ With all due respect to you , I must say , I do n’t buy it . ”
That was just the start .
Petraeus would sit through two long days of hearings , first in the House , and the next day before the Senate heavyweights , including three Democratic presidential hopefuls vying with one another to appear the most fervently anti-war .
He had flown through eight time zones to answer questions , only to face interrogators more keen on listening to themselves .
He was lectured by Foreign Relations Committee chairman Joseph Biden , who questioned the validity of the general ’s figures about the sharply reduced violence .
( Biden was in fact wrong . )
Senator Hillary Clinton , then the front - runner , in so many words called Petraeus a liar .
To be fair , she put it politely , and might even have meant it as a compliment , one professional prevaricator to another , calling his testimony an “ extraordinary effort ” but one that requires a “ willing suspension of disbelief . ”
0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
0 ratings 0 % found this document useful ( 0 votes )
Iridium Multiplexing and Inverse Multiplexing KU- NSF - Iridium - Experience - latest
Save Save Iridium Multiplexing and Inverse Multiplexing KU - N... For Later
0 % 0 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
Inside the Climate Bunker
Three years ago , Rajendra K. Pachauri was accepting the Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the U.N. ’s climate science panel .
Now the IPCC head is under fire from critics for a catalogue of recent embarrassments : his initial kneejerk defense of the " Climategate " emails ( Pachauri first questioned the motives of those who had hacked into the University of East Anglia ’s email system , then said there was " virtually no possibility " that IPCC findings were impacted ) , the fight he picked with the Indian environmental minister when the latter questioned certain data on glacier melt within India ( Pachauri called the government report ’s " voodoo science " ) , and the steamy soft - core novel , Return to Almora , he released last month ( somewhere between memoir and fantasy , it features the sexual exploits of a 60 - something globetrotting climate expert , and has scandalized an Indian public not accustomed to its masturbating scenes and erotic explicitness ) .
Few stars have risen and fallen so quickly as Pachauri ’s , who has gone from being an international climate hero to subject of increasing ridicule at home and abroad .
Pachauri , an economist and former railroad engineer from a small town in the Himalayan foothills of north India , assumed his position at the helm of the IPCC in 2002 .
At the time , he had the enthusiastic backing of the Bush administration , which had grown tired of fielding industry complaints about his predecessor Robert Watson and hoped ( wrongly , it turned out ) that Pachauri would prove less vocal in his calls for carbon - reduction efforts .
But even as his credentials and honors stacked up — from the government of France anointing him an " Officier de la legion d’honneur " to GQ India naming him 2009 ’s " Global Indian of the Year " ( FP even named him a " top global thinker " last year ) —
Pachauri could n’t quite discipline his tongue .
Or perhaps he did n’t care what impression his verbal zingers left .
In 2008 , he told the Chicago Tribune : " I tell people I was born a Hindu who believes in reincarnation .
It will take me the next six lives to neutralize my carbon footprint .
There ’s no way I can do it in one lifetime . "
But he attracted the most attention for barbs directed at his critics , calling those who ’ve questioned IPCC reports " flat - earthers " — " they are indulging in is skulduggery of the worst kind , " he told the Financial Times — and generally bristling at the prospect of unwanted scrutiny , without providing clear answers to valid questions about his stewardship .
( " My conscience is clear , " he announced to the New York Times this week . )
But while Pachauri ’s larger - than - life persona and propensity for conducting himself as though beyond reproach catches attention , these characteristics do n’t in and of themselves defame the organization he heads — as much as global - warming deniers are happy to seize upon any opportunity to poke holes in climate science in general .
There is , however , at least one item in the recent round of Pachauri - bashing that does the U.N. panel no credit : a glaring error in an IPCC report about the date by which Himalayan glaciers are likely to have disappeared entirely .
The underlying technical report of the panel ’s 2007 climate assessment erroneously stated that by 2035 the glaciers would be gone entirely , when scientific consensus places the date much later ( studies cited by the BBC project a date closer to 2350 — more than 300 years later ) .
The 2035 date was an alarming , attention - grabbing finding — and many journalists , including Stephan Faris last year in Foreign Policy , cited it as evidence that global warming is an urgent crisis .
But , after the Indian government released its own report with conflicting glacier - melt data last fall , glacier scientists went back to the IPCC report and began to raise questions about the 2035 date .
The chatter among experts was picked up in Science magazine last year , before spilling into the mainstream media , which has already been primed by the " Climategate " saga and a disappointing outcome in Copenhagen to turn climate - science disputes into heightened political narratives .
( The initial error may have come because the IPCC cited a decade - old interview in The New Scientist which quoted a scientist mentioning the date 2035 , as opposed to sourcing peer - reviewed scientific literature . )
With all the attention , one might think the IPCC would by now have a precise and consistent explanation — or point to an ongoing investigation — for how this error crept in .
Alas .
It is telling that when I wanted to inquire about just how such an eye - popping error had made its way into the report , I was able to speak with the very the scientist responsible for coordinating that section , as opposed to a well - rehearsed communications officer .
( Media savvy does not come naturally to the IPCC , a two - decade - old body charged with identifying points of scientific consensus among the growing body of expert literature on climate change .
And even as the weight of the world rests on its shoulders , the panel still relies largely on unpaid scientists who volunteer their time . )
That scientist , Christopher Field , is director of the Carnegie Institution ’s Department of Global Ecology .
His own work focuses on the carbon cycle , and he cochairs the working group responsible for the section of the IPCC assessment that deals with impacts , adaptation , and vulnerability , including glacier melt .
If anyone has the wherewithal to identify precisely how the error survived the panel ’s extensive review process — which involved soliciting more than 2,500 reviewers and experts , and more than 9,000 review comments — it would be him .
Here is what he told me :
" That statement [ about Himalayan glacier melting by 2035 ] is in the literature that the report cites , but it ’s not a statement consistent with other scientific information available …
It should not have made it into final report . "
In other words , an outlier source was picked up by the chapter ’s authors .
But what of the vaunted review process ?
With all the input and reactions from some so many scientific experts , did no one flag that item as questionable ?
" No … In principle , [ our process ] should have turned over every rock and leaf in the forest . "
Interestingly , the error did come to light last fall , nearly two years after the report ’s initial publication , when competing glacier - melt data was released by India ’s ministry of environment and forests .
That discrepancy quickly focused the attention of international glaciologists on both sets of data , and questions about the particulars of IPCC glacier data soon surfaced .
( This , of course , raises the question of whether the IPCC ’s process for soliciting peer comments is targeting the right people . )
So when it became clear that a storm was brewing , how did the IPCC respond ?
Sloooowly .
The first rule of political damage control is to admit mistakes quickly and control the narrative , but the IPCC is still not accustomed to operating in the news cycle as opposed to on a more academic timetable .
Field says that the brewing controversy was clearly on the IPCC ’s radar screen by Jan. 1 , but that it then took until Jan. 20 for the panel to meet and put a press statement online .
" The IPCC is kind of slow responding , " Field says .
" It took two weeks to analyze the situation and get the statement on the website . "
And now that the IPCC has acknowledged an error , what comes next ?
" The IPCC does not have a formal error correction policy in place … Historically the approach is to address [ any errors ] in the next assessment [ due out in 2014 ] , but in the current environment , where there is now a lot of connection to the news cycle , waiting for next assessment is not good option . "
He adds that it is a " high priority " to develop one .
David Victor of Stanford ’s School of International Relations and Pacific Studies says : " They [ the IPCC ] have kind of a bunker mentality — it ’s not excusable but understandable . "
In the time since the U.N. created the IPCC in 1988 , global interest in climate change has risen dramatically , and so , too , the spotlight on and expectations for the scientific panel .
" The stakes and the pressure have both gotten higher , " says Andrew Revkin , the longtime New York Times climate reporter and author of the DotEarth blog .
" The IPCC was an experiment from the get - go — there ’s never been anything like it … it ’s still more of a 20th - century process than a 21st–century process . "
The ambition and global importance of the IPCC is growing , while its methods and resources are struggling to keep up .
Confusion , not orchestrated bias or , as some have asserted , greed , seems the most likely cause of recent slipups .
But with the fate of the planet in the balance , that ’s not good enough .
In an ambitious new project unveiled on April 27 , an Osaka - area business group has vowed to put a humanoid robot on the moon by 2015 .
The business group , known as SOHLA ( Space Oriented Higashiosaka Leading Association ) , made headlines in January 2009 after their Maido - 1 lightning observation microsatellite was launched into orbit .
Their new project is to develop a bipedal humanoid robot -- named " Maido - kun " -- which can function in the harsh lunar environment .
If all goes as planned , Maido - kun will be ready to travel to the moon in 2015 .
SOHLA admits there are a number of obstacles to overcome -- most notably the astronomical development costs ( now estimated at 1 billion yen , or $ 10.5 million ) -- but they are optimistic about their pursuit and believe it can help stimulate the local economy by getting small and medium sized manufacturers involved in the development of space technology .
At present , SOHLA consists of six local enterprises working in partnership with government - affiliated organizations such as the New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization ( NEDO ) and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) .
In 2005 , JAXA announced bold plans to send bipedal humanoid robots to the moon .
However , after recognizing the numerous difficulties that the lunar landscape poses for two - legged humanoids , they decided it would be more feasible to send wheeled robots instead .
Wheels may be more practical than legs , but SOHLA board member Noriyuki Yoshida sees an advantage in robots that look like people .
" Humanoid robots are glamorous , and they tend to get people fired up , " he says .
" We hope to develop a charming robot to fulfill the dream of going to space . "
JAXA plans to send their first robot rover to the moon in or around 2015 , and SOHLA hopes their Maido - kun humanoid will be able to hitch a ride on the same mission .
[ Source : Yomiuri ]
Welcome to the No- Launch - Book - Launch of Good Mothers Don’t , brought to you compliments of Covid 19 and Rural Internet Service .
I ’m so glad you could make it .
I know , I know , –it ’ just not the same , right ?
But hey , I ’m not about to let the fact that I can’t have a regular book launch at the community centre , or even a virtual launch , get me down .
When life gives you lemons you make lemonade , right ?
We tried , we really did , to come up with a way to help celebrate the release of my new novel but there was that uncomfortable feeling lurking in the background , that sinister pandemic pointing it ’s ugly finger like the grim reaper waiting to catch us off guard .
We thought about ways to make it safe and fun like all the other launches we ’ve had here at the community centre , but mask - wearing is n’t fun , neither is physical distancing , neither is allowing only a few people in the community centre at one time .
And we would n’t have been able to offer a lunch .
Well , you may as well forget having a gathering in East Dalhousie if there is n’t going to be a lunch .
I ’m serious ; it ’s almost mandatory in these parts .
So , I got thinking that if I had a No - Launch - Book - Launch , how could I make it fun and interesting .
I thought about all the people I would invite , figuring on how the sky ’s the limit when you ’re hosting a No- Launch - Book - Launch .
So here ’s my guest list . :
Patrick Murphy — It was Patrick ’s suggestion that I write this novel , so of course I ’m going to invite him .
I ’ll be honest , I might have cursed a time or two in the beginning , I ca n’t be sure now , but I do remember that I made him promise to tell me if I was writing monkey crap .
Yup , monkey crap–those were my exact words to him .
Thankfully he did n’t tell me that or I would have stopped working on this novel years ago .
I think he just felt sorry for me at that point .
Honestly , I ‘m pretty sure neither of us thought I ’d be able to pull this thing off — it was THAT bad .
But I persevered — I ’m small but stubborn .
I think the turning point for me came when Elizabeth said , “ I am well now .
When the pink dawn draws near to my bedroom window I take comfort in those words . ”
That ’s when I really started to “ get ” her and when I knew that , come hell or high water , I would write this novel .
Whitney Moran — Whitney was the first one to read the book when it was just a bunch of loose pages .
She liked it and wanted to publish it and I wanted to give her a big hug , but you ca n’t really hug over email .
Whitney has acquired five of my book ( three more to come ) and we have n’t once met .
I know — how is that possible ?
I can tell you that she seems pretty down to earth , very kind and patient , so VERY patient .
So , I ’d definitely add her to my No - Launch - Book - Launch invitation list .
Penelope Jackson — I ’ve worked on my last three books with Penelope .
She probably knows me , as a writer , better than anyone else , meaning she knows how to bamboozle me into digging deeper and finding a better alternative for all of the awkward sentences I might have written , without her actually telling me how awkward some of my sentences are–see what I mean about awkward sentences ?
She also knows how I dislike it if I use the same word in too many places and will point that out to me .
( Just so you know , I wanted to throw that word “ bamboozle ” into this post because it ’s presently one of my favourite words .
I just love the way it rolls off the tongue — bamboozle . )
Since this is my non-existing book launch , and I ’m the host , and get to make up the guest list , I thought it would be really great to have Carol Bruneau , Christy - Ann Conlin and Linda Little pop in to say hi .
These three wonderful writers blurbed my book–early praise , the publisher called it .
( Please check their work out ! )
They said some pretty amazing things about Good Mothers Do n’t which you ’ll see when you open the cover .
I ’d really like to thank them in person .
Such a generous thing for these writers to do for little old me — maybe scratch that word “ old . ”
I ’m inviting our Prime Minister this time around –for sure .
I think Good Mothers
Do n’t would make a great gift for Sophie , do n’t you ?
Whether you like him or you do n’t , I figure he ’d draw a crowd once word got out that he was coming .
There ’s even a field near the community centre perfect for landing a helicopter , but that ’s not even an issue with this No - Launch - Book - Launch .
really , he has no excuse for being a no - show .
I ’m so excited .
If this was a regular Launch , I ’m sure he ’d want to speak to the audience , however briefly , ( not moistly , although he would be wearing a mask I suppose )
Just a suggestion here , but he could always pose for a selfie with my book .
Bet that would go viral !
Leo Glavine — The Minister of Communitites , Culture and Heritage and our MLA out here in East Dalhousie — yes , that Leo Glavine .
Many East Dalhousians know that Leo and I go back a LONG way .
He taught me Geography when I was about fourteen at good old West Kings High .
He comes to all my launches ( which , oddly enough , usually coincide with an election year . )
And while he ’s there schmoozing with all of you , I hope he has a darn good explanation as to why we do n’t have high - speed internet for an author who is trying to launch a new book and how a virtual launch is out of the question because of it .
Believe me , I ’ve asked him the High - speed question more than once over the years …..
But , since this is a celebration of my new book , and not a debate about rural internet , he ’s not likely to give an adequate answer .
You know what politicians are like .
( PS : I hope he ’s reading this . )
Maria Panopalis and Jayson Baxter–obviously
I ’m going to invite the media .
This is MY launch after all and that means I get to make up all the rules .
These two gifted hosts entertain me over the supper hour .
They ’re a staple in our household .
Ca n’t miss CTV News Atlantic every evening at 5:00 pm , I just can’t .
I love all the heart - warming stories from around the Maritimes , especially during this pandemic .
They constantly renew my faith in the human race with the stories they present .
That ’s exactly what we need during these times .
Way to go Maria and Jayson !
Jann Arden–Who would n’t want the multi-talented Jann Arden at their book launch ?
Not only does she sing , she acts and she writes and she ’s just so darn funny .
I tweeted her book , “ Feeding My Mother ” after I read it and she even thanked me .
That was a thrill !
I wonder if her book sales soared after I tweeted it ? 😉
I ’m not expecting her to perform , that would n’t be fair but , if she insisted , she ’d be more than welcome to sing “ Good Mother ” to keep with the theme .
I love that song .
In the words of Michelangelo — ‘ The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it , but that it is too low and we reach it . ’
That is why I ’m aiming really , really high by inviting my next guest .
Please do n’t think I ’m off my rocker , just think of me as the author who dared to aim high .
I ’ve given it plenty of thought .
And if for some reason I could only have one person at my No - Launch - Book - Launch it would be Ellen. –yup , THAT Ellen , the Ellen who does n’t need to have her last name uttered because everyone just knows .
It seems to me that she ’s one of the kindest and most caring people on the planet .
She does so much good in the world and right now the world can use as much good as we can get .
And who knows , maybe when she ’s able to film in front of a live studio audience , she ’ll give everyone in the audience a copy of GOOD MOTHERS DON’T .
In fact , I ’m pretty sure she will because she ’s just THAT nice .
Like I said , I ’m aiming high , really really high .
😉
What we do know is that I wo n’t be a guest on the Ellen Show anytime soon , since I do n’t have high - speed and she ’s filming virtually these days .
Guess we ’ll just have to wait until this dang pandemic is over .
Hope that ’s Okay , Ellen .
No No - Launch - Book - Launch would be complete without my family and friends .
Of course my family and friends are invited .
What ’s a celebration without all those important people in my life showing up ?
Besides , they ’re also the ones most likely to come bearing gifts — yes , gifts .
I know — they are spectacular .
I ’ve receives flowers and potted plants , special mugs , Mars ( FYI – the bar , not the planet ) , homemade jam , cards and one person even gifted me some Arnica at one of my launches .
That ’s why I love them !
My mum will be there with bells on .
You can be sure .
She was the first person to read the book and she ’s been spreading the word .
It could be monkey crap , but she ’s still talking it up like all good mother do .
I ’m also inviting the good people of the Forties Settlement where I set much of my novel .
I love the people of the Forties , such a friendly bunch .
I also have family ties there .
And I love the landscape .
It ’s such a beautiful little community .
I ’m inviting all of East Dalhousie , of course I am .
East Dalhousie is my heart and soul .
It ’s where so many of my good friends live .
It ’s the place I wrote about in the Country Roads anthology many years ago .
So there ’s my guest list , and since it ’s my No - Launch - Book - Launch I can invite as many people as I want , no worries about crowd control or social distancing .
We have plenty of space on my blog .
No mask - wearing at my No- Launch - Book - Launch because I would have had to insist that everyone wear one if this had been your “ run of the mill pandemic book launch . ”
( Bet that ’s something that does n’t get uttered often . )
If you can think of anyone I left off my list or someone you think who ’d love to come to my No - Launch - Book - Launch please feel free to add them in the comment section of this blog and remember the words of Michelangelo about aiming high .
Invite anyone you ’d like , even yourself , especially yourself ..
And , because I put a lot of thought into this , I decided that it would be really great to have Margaret Atwood introduce me at my No- Launch - Book - Launch .
She does have ties to Nova Scotia so no doubt she ’d be anxious to come out to East Dalhousie .
I mean , why would n’t she ?
I ’ve gone to several of her events over the years and I kind of figure she owes me , not that I ’m a tit - for - tat kind of person , because I ’m not .
Still , it would be really swell if she were to introduce me before I do a reading from the book .
We writers need to stick together , right ?
And just imagine if she actually tweeted my book . $ $ $ $ $
After a grand intro by Margaret Atwood , and I ’ve thanked all of you for coming , I ’ll read an excerpt from my book .
I hope you enjoy it .
It ’s the best I can do with under these circumstances .
I hope you can appreciate the hoops I had to jump through to pull this reading off .
Just click on the link .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv0wkDjZKp8
You ca n’t have a launch in East Dalhousie , even a No - Launch - Book - Launch , without serving a lunch ; you just can ’t .
Ask anyone here .
But then I already explained that ..
Someone once told me that when people come to East Dalhousie they expect to be fed well .
Here ’s a sample from our last launch .
Spectacular , right ?
That ’s only half the table and I ’m pretty sure the food was replenished a few times .
Ca n’t say enough about the way people in this community come together on launch day .
They ’re the ones responsible for this spread , and really I could n’t do any of this without the many helpers I ’ve had over the years .
Since sales are a part of any launch , even a No - Launch - Book - Launch , you can contact me if you ’re in my area and we can make arrangements for a safe book sale .
Just call or email ahead of time , maybe even stop me on the road .
I have books .
I can even sign one for you !
You do want an author signed book , do n’t you ?
You can also order a book through your local Indie book store .
Good Mothers
Do n’t is also available at through Nimbus.ca , at Coles and Chapters , and can be ordered on line at Chapter.ca and Amazon.ca .
Despite the circumstances surrounding the release of my book , I ’m going to think positive thoughts .
The book recently made the “ Hottest Summer reads ” list in the Globe and Mail and that was an absolute thrill to have my book be recognized in that way .
When all is said and done , saying thank you is the most important part of any launch .
I thank all for coming to my No - Launch - Book - Launch .
It has meant so VERY much to me .
I hope you were n’t disappointed that we could n’t have an in - person event .
No one wanted this pandemic to happen but we ’re all making the best of it under the circumstances .
And think of all the famous people you ’ve had the chance to hobnob with .
It ’s not as if that would have happened at a regular book launch .
If you ’d like to leave a comment for me or if you have a suggestion of who else we should invite or if you want to add your name to let me know you ’re out there , please do .
One tiny thing you can do to help spread the word about my No - Launch - Book - Launch and the publication of GOOD MOTHER DON’T is to share this post on social media : share it , tweet it , shout it from the roof tops because when Margaret Atwood tweets it , and this thing goes viral , I promise , you ’re going to want to be a part of that . 😉
Thanks so much for coming and helping me celebrate today .
All jokes aside , I ’m making the best of the situation .
I ’m just so grateful to have my novel in print and that some of you have already picked up a copy and even told me how much you ’ve enjoyed it .
I love seeing the pictures my Facebook friends have been posting to let me know they have the book and helping to spread the word .
That means the world ; it really does .
Thanks so much to all the wonderful people at Nimbus Publishing for believing in me and my book !
And remember that no matter who you are , or where you ’re from , whether you ’re famous or just YOU ( because I ’m just me ) you ’re always welcome in East Dalhousie , not only on launch day –or No - Launch - Book - Launch Day as the case may be–but any day .
Please know how very special you all are !
I really appreciate The Teachers Hub for providing always a best tutor to me .
I am a teacher by profession and stay in Malda but I called them so many times for the teachers for my friend children who live in Kolkata n for my students .
Each n every time I got an Appreciation to have a best tutor provided .
Best wishes to The Teachers Hub and keep providing me best in near future too .
Thank you Sheetal Sarda
The teacher was provided within a week .
Very happy with the teacher as well as the prompt service of the teacher 's hub .
You guys are doing great .
Thanks Priyanka Agarwal
I am very happy with the teacher they provide for my son .
They provide very experience teacher .
The Teachers Hub is very dedicated towards their work .
Sarvesh Kochhar
Very Impressed by the knowledge , creativity , flexibility and preparedness of tutors recommended by The Teachers Hub .
As a teacher myself it can be difficult watching someone else doing your job .
The tutors of The Teachers Hub are in every way professional and outstanding .
Thanks !
Malika Kapoor
Got a excellent and dedicated teacher for my daughter .
The teacher not only nows her work but takes keen interest in all her classes .
Ruby Sony Singh
I came in contact with the teacher hub in the year 2018 , I was provided by a teacher for my daughter for class UKG and I am very much satisfied from there service .
They are always available 24* 7 Yash Tibrewal
It 's a great experience to see the teachers from The Teachers Hub , being so professional and brilliant ..
The tutors here are quite intelligent and experienced and their imagination skills too are excellent ..
Dolly Khanna Bhutoria
Kids from my home are a part of The Teachers Hub and its more than worth .
I really trust the team for an overall growth and progress in the kids .we can see the remarkable improvement on their language hold .
The new and different ways of making a kid learn the object of the session makes THE TEACHER HUB stand apart in comparison to other institutes .
.
The teachers are always ready to take our ideas and suggestions which make it more preferred by US as parents .
Richa Parakh Lunia
Irony is a much - misunderstood form of humour .
It is somewhat culture - specific , being more prevalent where wordplay is common ( notably in the UK , where the pun has been raised to an art form ) , so many people fail to ' get ' irony , while others apply the term incorrectly .
It is a technique beloved of satirists , and one which is hard to master ( there is always the danger of slipping into overt sarcasm which is , as has been observed , the lowest form of wit ) .
What Irony Is
Imagine that an England cricket captain covertly bets his shirt on the Aussies winning the next test series .
He does his best to lose but the England team pull off a historic and completely unexpected series victory .
The England captain is left victorious but destitute .
That , dear Researcher , is irony .
Irony is defined as ...
The humorous ( or mildly sarcastic ) use of words to imply something different from , and often opposite to , their literal meaning .
An expression marked by a deliberate contrast between apparent and intended meaning , usually to draw attention to some incongruity or irrationality .
A literary style employing such contrasts for humorous or rhetorical effect .
Incongruity between what might be expected and what actually occurs , or an occurrence or circumstance notable for such incongruity .
Dramatic irony is a special case where the irony is understood by the audience but not by the characters in the book or play .
Socratic irony is the process whereby a questioner feigns ignorance in order to lead another to expose their own ignorance .
These types of irony give the clue to the true definition of an ironic statement .
An ironic statement must appear as if you are sincere , there must be no hint of sarcasm , and you must not be self - consciously droll .
The line must be delivered straight , so that the recipient misses the hidden message but onlookers get it loud and clear .
The saying ' Irony is wasted on the stupid ' works well as long as the person addressed believes themself to be a sage despite making an absolute ass of themself , and nods wisely in assent .
Thus Fowler 's Modern English Usage defines irony as ...
... a form of utterance that postulates a double audience , consisting of one party that hearing shall hear and shall not understand , and another party that , when more is meant than meets the ear , is aware of that more and of the outsider 's incomprehension .
Some examples
An ironic statement might be , ' I enjoy avant - garde music - chords are so passé . '
Note , though , that this could equally be taken as either sarcastic or hopelessly pretentious depending on the tone in which it is delivered , and the audience .
So irony lies somewhere on a line with plain old - fashioned humour at one end , and outright sarcasm at the other .
One often - quoted example of an ironic situation is Joseph Heller 's Catch - 22 .
In chapter five of the classic novel , Yossarian and Doc Deneeka discuss the possibility of being grounded due to insanity ( thus escaping the appallingly dangerous combat duty ) .
The catch was , you could only be grounded if you were mad , you had to ask to be grounded , and anyone who asked to be grounded clearly was n't mad any more .
Irony can also be unconscious .
It is unlikely that George W Bush was being intentionally ironic when he said that he would not recognise the result of the Zimbabwean presidential election , since the process had been ' flawed ' .
What Irony Is Not
Irony can be humorous , but most humour is not ironic .
Some informative examples of what irony is not come , ironically , from the Alanis Morissette song ' Ironic ' .
Here are a few .
An old man turned 98 / He won the lottery and died the next day - Tragedy , not irony .
It 's a black fly in your chardonnay - Bummer but not ironic ( although there is arguably some irony in the fly being black , however this does at least mean you do n't ingest it with the drink ) .
It 's a death row pardon two minutes too late - Not irony , just another example of why the death penalty is fatally flawed .
It 's like rain on your wedding day - Not even close , unless you 've gone from Manchester to Hawaii for your wedding and get the first rain in August for 30 years , while Manchester experiences glorious sunshine , and how likely is that ?
A traffic jam when you 're already late - certainly fails the ' unexpected ' criterion .
A no -smoking sign on your cigarette break - more of a life - saver than an irony , that .
It 's like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife - Not unless you are in the Acme Knife Factory being approached by a mad axeman and reach behind you for a weapon , only to find that you 're in the newly - opened spoon department .
Relevant Links
Show full PR text
In line with our strategy Number ONE , we moved the company 's strategic realignment forward during the 2009 economic crisis .
We have sharpened our profile as a sustainable company .
We have launched attractive new models .
We have invested – in our sites , in new engine technologies and in future projects .
We have cut costs significantly .
Today , we are a leaner and more powerful company than ever before .
We have created a new and emotional design language for our cars .
Our technology package , Efficient Dynamics , is the best in the industry , combining maximum performance with minimum fuel consumption .
All these points demonstrate that we have approached the economic crisis as an opportunity and have capitalized on it .
In 2007 , we set in motion our strategy Number ONE with a clear vision :
In 2020 , we will be the leading provider of premium products and premium services for individual mobility .
An important milestone in this effort is meeting our profitability targets for 2012 .
In the current business year 2010 , we will take an important step in reaching this milestone :
We plan to post Group earnings significantly above the 2009 level .
We expect growth in the solid one - digit percentage range by selling over 1.3 million cars .
Today I would like to highlight the following :
When we met here last year I told you that 2009 would be a transition year with two priorities : crisis management in the short term , and investing in our future success in the long term .
Today our fixed costs are lower than in 2005 .
We also managed to cut material costs dramatically , thanks to our ability to increase scalability efficiencies in our processes .
These changes have been implemented in collaboration with our suppliers and partners .
We have always made continuous quality improvement a priority .
From our perspective , quality is a key aspect of our customer focus .
As a premium car company , we constantly strive to improve standards .
Despite the economic crisis , we continued to invest in our future .
First off , we invested in new technologies such as hybrid - and electric - motors as well as Efficient Dynamics , an area in which we managed to extend our lead further .
We also have invested in our production plants : Today I would like to highlight the following : 1 .)
What did we do to succeed in 2009 ?
2 .)
Why is the BMW Group on the right track towards future growth ?
When we met here last year I told you that 2009 would be a transition year with two priorities : crisis management in the short term , and investing in our future success in the long term .
Today our fixed costs are lower than in 2005 .
We also managed to cut material costs dramatically , thanks to our ability to increase scalability efficiencies in our processes .
These changes have been implemented in collaboration with our suppliers and partners .
We have always made continuous quality improvement a priority .
From our perspective , quality is a key aspect of our customer focus .
As a premium car company , we constantly strive to improve standards .
Despite the economic crisis , we continued to invest in our future .
First off , we invested in new technologies such as hybrid - and electric - motors as well as Efficient Dynamics , an area in which we managed to extend our lead further .
We also have invested in our production plants :
In 2009 and 2010 , more than one billion Euros is being invested in our German plants .
We will have invested around 750 million US - Dollars in our Spartanburg plant from 2008 through 2010 .
Growth markets will increasingly be found further east .
One of our business principles is that production follows the market .
In November 2009 , we announced our strong commitment to China as a production location .
We are going to expand our capacities in Shenyang from a little over 41,000 to 100,000 units .
Together with our partner , we will invest a total of almost 600 million Euros .
As a result , we will be able to produce up to 300,000 cars at the Shenyang plant in the long term .
In January and February 2010 alone , we doubled our sales volume in China compared to the previous year .
Customer focus is the core of our basic principles at the BMW Group .
Chinese BMW owners mostly ride with a chauffeur .
This is why , as early as this year , we will present a long version of the new BMW 5 Series exclusively developed for the Chinese market .
We took the right actions to steer the company successfully through a challenging year .
You are already familiar with the key data :
In 2009 , we posted positive pre-tax Group earnings of
413 million Euros , up 17.7 percent from the previous year .
All in all , we sold close to 1.29 million cars .
And it should be noted that national incentives such as the scrappage program in Germany only had a marginal effect on sales .
We stood our ground as the world 's leading manufacturer of premium cars and further increased our market share in the premium segment .
Our sales volume increased significantly in January and February 2010 .
Due to various model changes , March will be weaker than the previous months .
A few remarks about BMW Motorrad :
In 2009 , we delivered a total of 87,300 BMW motorcycles to customers , down 14 percent from 2008 .
Current sales figures show an upward trend in sales – with an increase of almost 25 percent from February 2009 .
Our shareholders and investors have remained loyal to us despite the difficult and volatile situation and we believe shareholders should share in our company 's performance .
The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board will propose a dividend for the same amount as 2008 at the Annual General Meeting .
The positive development of BMW ordinary shares , which were traded 47 percent higher at year - end than in the beginning of 2009 , demonstrates the confidence the capital market has in the company 's future .
In 2009 , we have once again showed that BMW stock is a sound , long - term investment .
Moving onto the second topic :
Why is the BMW Group on the right track for future success ?
We are really putting the pedal to the metal this year when it comes to new products .
From October 2009 to December 2010 , we will launch 17 new
or updated BMW , Our shareholders and investors have remained loyal to us despite the difficult and volatile situation and we believe shareholders should share in our company 's performance .
The Board of Management and the Supervisory Board will propose a dividend for the same amount as 2008 at the Annual General Meeting .
The positive development of BMW ordinary shares , which were traded 47 percent higher at year - end than in the beginning of 2009 , demonstrates the confidence the capital market has in the company 's future .
In 2009 , we have once again showed that BMW stock is a sound , long - term investment .
Moving onto the second topic :
Why is the BMW Group on the right track for future success ?
We are really putting the pedal to the metal this year when it comes to new products .
From October 2009 to December 2010 , we will launch 17 newor updated BMW , MINI and Rolls - Royce models :
The BMW 3 Series Coupe and the 3 Series Convertible , as well as the BMW X5 have been updated .
Starting this spring , customers will be able to purchase the BMW brand 's CO2 champion : the BMW 320d EfficientDynamics Edition .
This car uses only 4.1 liters per 100 kilometers and emits only 109 grams of CO2 per kilometer .
In addition , it is a truly athletic car with 163 Horse Power .
No other premium car company can offer customers more performance with fewer emissions without ever compromising on sheer driving pleasure .
The Countryman , due out in September , will be the next addition to the MINI family and the first MINI with four - wheel drive .
And Rolls - Royce will provide new customer segments with the Ghost .
The new BMW 5 Series Sedan is the start of a new era for the BMW Group .
The 5 Series is not only an image driver , but also a strong contributor to Group sales and revenue .
It is with this new model that we were able to harness all the newly gained efficiencies in our production process and modular system .
The new 520d is a technological masterpiece :
This car 's four - cylinder engine needs only 5 liters of
Next year , the 5 Series will also be available as a full
Developing innovations is part of our DNA , and this is not going to change .
Our innovative strength helps us tap new growth potential for the company .
Again and again , we present our customers with new offerings .
Two examples :
The new BMW 5 Series Sedan is the start of a new era for the BMW Group .
The 5 Series is not only an image driver , but also a strong contributor to Group sales and revenue .
It is with this new model that we were able to harness all the newly gained efficiencies in our production process and modular system .
The new 520d is a technological masterpiece :
This car 's four - cylinder engine needs only 5 liters of diesel per 100 kilometers and emits only 132 grams CO2 per kilometer , while offering the typical BMW performance with 184 horse power – making the 520d the world 's most efficient luxury sedan Next year , the 5 Series will also be available as a full hybrid .
Those who prefer not to wait can buy the first BMW hybrid models as early as April of this year , namely : the BMW ActiveHybrid X6 and the BMW ActiveHybrid 7 Series .
They represent the state - of - the - art BMW Active Hybrid technology .
In the future , we will select the optimal hybrid solution for each model from a modular system .
Developing innovations is part of our DNA , and this is not going to change .
Our innovative strength helps us tap new growth potential for the company .
Again and again , we present our customers with new offerings .
Two examples :
When we launched the BMW X5 about 10 years ago , it was the first premium SAV .
As an example of its success , both the X5 and X6 outsold all competitors combined in 2009 .
And with MINI , we have successfully established a premium brand in the small car segment .
MINI is not a miniature version of another model series .
MINI is and will remain the Original – with a signature face , a unique tradition and over 1.5 million fans around the world .
In the future , we will generate growth both in the large model segments and in the compact and sub - compact model segments .
We will launch more MINI and BMW models and variants – also in the small car segment .
This segment is expected to grow further .
And we will take advantage of this opportunity .
We are exploring the possibility of developing a joint architecture for the front and four - wheel drive systems of these cars .
In other words :
There will be front - wheel drive BMWs in the smaller vehicle classes in the future .
We all know that the cost structure in the small car segment is different from that of the larger model classes .
We intend to grow profitably in this segment as well .
Because there is one element that applies to the entire process chain :
We will increasingly apply modular manufacturing kits to various models and brands .
This approach enables us to cut costs further – without compromising on top quality .
Ladies and Gentlemen ,
Premium is also defined through sustainability .
As we see it , there are three components to this : an economic , an ecological , and a social factor .
Without financial success , we are not able to invest in eco-friendly technologies .
Our products need to be profitable in order for us to create new technologies like e-mobility .
Customers are currently testing the MINI E for us .
Some drivers have told me that they would love to keep their MINI E .
Our annual report actually includes a section on customers and their experiences with the MINI E. BMW will follow suit in 2011 with a customer test fleet based on the concept study " BMW Concept ActiveE " .
This test fleet will be built at the Leipzig plant .
Thanks to Efficient Dynamics , we have accomplished much more than our competitors .
In other words : Efficient Dynamics represents Sheer Driving Pleasure 2.0 .
The average emission of our European new - car fleet is only 150 grams per kilometer , equaling a fuel consumption of 5.9 liters per 100 kilometers .
And what 's even more amazing is the performance our cars achieve with these low emissions : 170 Horse Power or 125 kW .
And we plan to reduce our fleet 's CO2 - emissions worldwide by at least another 25 percent between 2008 and 2020 .
However , ecological responsibility as an automaker is only met if we maintain a sustainable production system as well .
2009 marked the fifth consecutive year that the BMW Group was named the world 's most sustainable automaker by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index .
In the superior discipline of yacht racing , the team " BMW ORACLE Racing " won the world 's oldest sports trophy – the America 's Cup .
We are also involved in the Olympic Games :
BMW will be the automotive partner of the 2012 Olympic Summer Games in London .
Thanks to Efficient Dynamics and our sustainability approach , the Sustainability Club chose the BMW Group as the fleet supplier for the next games in London .
As a National Supporter , we are also assisting the Cities of Munich and Garmisch - Partenkirchen in their bid for the 2018 Winter Games .
As a sustainable company , the BMW Group wants to have its share in making the games sustainable .
BMW will continue to be a sport - inspired brand .
We at the BMW Group continue to deliver maximum performance , tackle new challenges and sharpen our competitive edge .
Premium constitutes a special obligation to assume responsibility as a good Corporate Citizen .
In 2009 , we hired a total of almost 300 new staff worldwide .
More than 1,000 young people started their apprenticeship with
BMW AG .
This year , we will recruit about 500 university graduates , primarily experts in the new technologies such as hybrid or e-mobility as well as experts in sales and financial services .
We have set up a junior executive program to ensure our future supply of talented managers .
The program 's focus is on international experiences , social leadership competences and a solid understanding of economic and social aspects .
At the same time , we support teenagers who have not been able to find an apprenticeship position .
The BMW Group offers these teenagers pre-vocational training .
An important aspect of our strategy Number ONE is defining our leadership approach .
I am convinced that outstanding leadership is the decisive factor that separates a good company from a great one .
Simply put : Today , we at the BMW Group are a much stronger and more focused management team .
Ladies and Gentlemen ,
Growth will pick up in key automotive markets such as the US and China this year .
Nevertheless , the effects of the crisis will persist and continue to define our business for quite some time .
Although the competition will remain fierce , we at the BMW Group are all motivated and ready to rise to the challenge .
We have two priorities in 2010 : Profitability and shaping our future .
Here is a perfect example : The BMW Vision Efficient Dynamics :
This is sheer driving pleasure at 3.76 liters per 100 kilometers and 356 Horse Power .
This is the sophisticated combination of different drive systems .
This is future - oriented design and can only be made by BMW .
And you can be sure : Our Megacity Vehicle will also be fascinating .
This innovative car will be built at our Leipzig plant , our future Center for E - Mobility Production .
Two Bavarian locations are also involved in this project :
Wackersdorf will manufacture carbon fiber in a joint venture with the SGL Group .
The carbon fiber will then be sent to the Landshut plant to be turned into CFK parts – from reinforced carbon fiber – for the Megacity Vehicle .
We consider carbon fiber a cutting - edge material for the auto industry .
Our efforts will make sustainable mobility possible in urban environments .
In line with our corporate philosophy , the energy demand for producing carbon fiber will come from hydropower .
We are currently looking for a suitable location in North America to set up our joint venture plant .
We believe that a company 's global footprint and its ethical principles will play an increasingly important role in the way people do business .
Acting sustainably now will pay off in the future .
The BMW Group is clearly leading the way .
In early March , the BMW Group was ranked by Fortune Magazine as the most admired automotive company in the world .
This distinction was given to us because we are not only the leading premium automaker with regard to sales volume , but we also managed to use our resources efficiently and reduce our fleet emissions significantly in a very short period of time .
You can be certain :
We have a clear path forward .
We will remain an independent company that takes a long - term approach and acts in the best interest of all stakeholders .
This year marks the turning point toward long - term profitability as we remain focused on achieving our 2012 targets .
Thank you very much !
Ladies and Gentlemen , As you can see here : we are creating the future .
And , we are on a path to profitable growth .
In an unassuming corner of Burnaby , a lush , green suburb of Vancouver , BC , I ’ve arrived at the doorway of a company that could potentially change the world .
But you ’d never know it from the nondescript office park it ’s situated in , or the bare bones furniture and office equipment I see once I open the door and announce my presence .
It ’s almost as if I ’ve stepped back into the office of an insurance actuary circa 1973 , right down to spartan wall decoration and all - male staff .
Only the “ General Fusion ” sign on the door indicates anything out of the ordinary .
Indeed , General Fusion is anything but ordinary .
The startup is pouring brainpower , mechanical skill and sweat into building a low - tech but potentially revolutionary device capable of delivering virtually unlimited clean energy for the planet .
And they plan to do it for far less than the billions of dollars governments have put into massive facilities that — even by conservative estimates — wo n’t produce a single unit of power for another couple of decades .
“ So , ” General Fusion CEO Doug Richardson says as he shows me into his office , “ how much do you know about fusion ? ”
Using fusion as an energy source has been alternately hyped , derided and discounted over the past 55 years , ever since the first H - Bomb burst over Bikini Atoll .
The potential benefits of fusion are obvious : all you have to do is look up at the sun to see fusion at work .
Every second of every day the sun generates fusion reactions , expelling enough energy to create a net gain of energy that keeps our planet alive .
But creating that net gain from a fusion reaction here on Earth , in a safe and easily harnessed way , has confounded the best minds on the planet for more than half a century .
“ Fusion is easy .
Net gain is the hard part , ” Richardson said .
WHAT IT IS
Nuclear fusion is the process where multiple like - charged atomic nuclei come together , or “ fuse , ” to create a heavier nucleus .
Once this happens , energy is released .
Sounds simple , but like forces repulse each other , and in order for nuclei to fuse , they have to smash through substantial electrostatic forces known as the Coulomb barrier .
The smallest Coulomb barrier occurs in hydrogen , which only has a single positive charge in its nucleus .
But bi-protons are n’t stable , so fusion also uses neutrons , ideally from a helium nucleus .
As a result , deuterium , also known as “ heavy water ” and which contains helium , makes an ideal fusion fuel .
Richardson explains ,
“ The problem is that heating things up is how you get energy , but nature does n’t like things to be hot .
Nature always tries to bring everything to equilibrium , and the sun is only able to sustain fusion because it is isolated in a vacuum . ”
Once you ’ve started firing pellets of hydrogen at deuterium , you need someplace to contain the resulting release in energy in order to avoid the inevitable drift towards equilibrium and dissipation .
Gravity makes an excellent containment field , but the only objects capable of generating that level of gravity are stars — and stars , obviously , are not an ideal environment for humans .
Ions can be used to create a magnetic field , which keeps the resulting energy release from escaping .
Liquid metal can also be used as a containment layer .
“ Think of a smoke ring , ” Richardson explains .
“ If you squish that smoke ring fast enough , the energy ca n’t escape . ”
A SLAB IN THE LAB
At one point in our conversation , Richardson leads me to the back room where all the real work at General Fusion takes place .
In the middle of the room , surrounded by large batteries and intense looking technicians , we are staring at the beginnings of a fusion reactor .
The device measures about three meters end to end , and most closely resembles two oversized steel traffic pylons lying on their sides and pointing at each other .
Eventually these pylons will be joined in the middle by a spherical chamber .
I ’m struck by both the small size of the prototype and the DIY aesthetic of the whole operation .
Is this the energy source of the future , resting on wooden blocks ?
When the general public thinks of fusion , giant donut - shaped devices commonly spring to mind .
These devices , known as tokamaks , are essentially giant magnets built to contain high - speed fusion reactions .
These magnets and all the associated staff , equipment and maintenance are astronomically expensive .
The usefulness of this kind of magnetic fusion is limited , since it ca n’t be easily adapted for use in power plants .
Lasers can also be used to generate an implosion , but that ’s an equally expensive proposition .
Richardson : “ Lasers are high tech , and the magnetic guys are even more high tech .
But high tech is expensive .
What we want to do is take old stuff and put it together . ”
General Fusion ’s reactor is a metal sphere surrounded by pneumatic pistons .
The pistons create an acoustic wave that travels through a liquid metal containment layer , hitting the center with a shock wave .
In the center of the sphere , a plasma target should then — in theory — implode and create fusion energy , which is then extracted with a heat exchanger .
From there , steam is released to create electricity .
For the reactor to have any practical purpose , it has to repeat this process every second .
General Fusion is currently in the first stage of the project , building all the components including the sphere that will eventually contain a magnetized ball of plasma .
During the second stage , due to start in 2011 , they ’ll build the actual reactor .
Richardson is n’t talking about incrementally lowering the cost of fusion .
He ’s talking about a quantum leap downward in price .
The company has n’t yet reached their stated goal of raising $ 50 million , a pittance compared to the money spent on government funded fusion projects , but has succeeded in raising over $ 9 million from private investors and $ 12.9 million from Sustainable Technology Development Canada , a Canadian government agency .
Where GF innovates is in adapting today ’s technology to improve an old design .
Fusion energy is generated in miniscule amounts of time , and thirty years ago the technology simply was n’t available to control instruments fast enough to take control during the crucial moment when fusion energy is released .
But in 2009 , we have fast and cheap computer chips that offer very precise control over motors that can create compressive forces in mere microseconds .
“ We got to the point in the ’70s and ’ 80s that we could get plasma to last milliseconds .
The question was how to control it .
Now , with cheap digital signal processors , ” at this point Richardson points at my iPhone , “ it can be done . ”
And it only has to be done once .
If General Fusion can prove they ’ve produced net gain through fusion , the world will beat a path to their door .
“ The next stage would be to build a reactor at the same scale , but with the ability to reliably produce energy at a rate of once every thousand seconds .
From there fusion will eventually scale up into power plants , a development Richardson estimates will cost upwards of $ 1 billion , but it will be a cost born by industries who will benefit immensely from the potential benefits of fusion power .
Richardson : “ If you look at the scale of spending on energy research and development , $ 50 million is peanuts .
The oil and gas industry spends $ 20 billion to develop and deploy technology in the Alberta tar sands right now . ”
BAD REP : THE PONS SCHEME
Technical and scientific challenges are only part of the long uphill climb faced by companies working on developing fusion .
There is also public skepticism .
A lack of tangible results , even after decades of work and billions of dollars , has left fusion with a reputation for , in Richardson ’s words , being “ 30 years away for the past 30 years . ”
Perhaps the lowest ebb for fusion ’s public reputation was the infamous Fleischmann - Pons announcement in 1989 .
University of Southampton researcher Martin Fleischmann and University of Utah researcher Stanley Pons stunned the world when they claimed they had produced excess heat during the electrolysis of heavy water on a palladium electrode .
The magnitude of the heat production was high enough that they said it could only be explained as a nuclear process .
When the two researchers could n’t reproduce their experiment , fusion earned a black eye that it still has n’t fully recovered from .
General Fusion has to face a general pubic that is at best apathetic and at worst dismissive .
But that ’s not all .
Because they ’re attempting something no one else has been able to achieve , and doing it on the cheap , they run into an equal amount of skepticism within the fusion community itself .
Many fusion projects are mammoth undertakings funded with billions of dollars of government money .
Each project requires hundreds of scientists and technicians — all smart people who , after several decades , still ca n’t produce a controllable fusion reaction .
When a startup like General Fusion decides it will tackle fusion from a small space in the middle of suburban Vancouver , the default position of many in the fusion establishment is negative .
Richardson sighs : “ There ’s a feeling that the research has to be done by a government , that it costs billions of dollars and that 3,000 smart people ca n’t be wrong .
People have a mindset that this ca n’t be done by a small company , and overall I ’m disappointed with that attitude .
Those involved in science should be curious , but it ’s easier to just dismiss us . ”
Unlike the discredited cold fusion experiments and even the “ legitimate ” fusion researchers , General Fusion is n’t interested in discovering anything .
In fact , they ’re going out of their way to stick to what they know .
“ We ’re boring , ” Richardson says .
“ This is basic stuff , and all we ’re doing is taking other people ’s ideas and going down a path that no one has taken yet , ” Richardson said .
WORLD CHANGER
Boring ?
Maybe .
But the benefits from controlled fusion will be anything but boring .
While Richardson cautions that it makes little sense to power a car or other small devices via fusion , power plants and other large scale projects do make sense , and would be much more environmentally sound than current coal - fired electrical plants .
Richardson : “ You can buy an electric car today , but all that does is created ’ distributed pollution . ’
For that car to run , at some point someone had to burn coal . ”
With fusion , which runs off tanks of heavy water , no such pollution is created .
“ Electric plants in the united States take three trainloads of coal a day , but you could run a fusion reactor with one truckload of heavy water for a year , ” he said .
Building a low - tech but potentially revolutionary device capable of delivering virtually unlimited clean energy for the planet .
And while he says that current spacecraft designs are n’t well suited for fusion engines , it ’s important to remember how low on the developmental curve we currently reside .
“ When the Wright Brothers flew their plane in 1903 , no one could predict 747s only 60 years later , or planes breaking the speed of sound .
We did n’t even know what metal fatigue was until we had planes regularly flying in the air .
When man wants to innovate , it will happen .
Fusion will evolve , and it will be cheaper , faster , and better , ” he said .
But right now , the staff is gathered around their ragtag collection of batteries and fuses watching an oscilloscope as they test a switch .
And as I leave the office , I get the feeling that I know what people who walked out of Apple ’s formative garage or the Google founder ’s dorm rooms must have felt like .
The future may be lying in partially assembled pieces in Vancouver , just waiting to be put together and switched on , so it can change the world .
Warren Frey is a filmmaker and journalist and can be contacted at freyburgmedia.com .
Population pressures could make water shortages a UK crisis Although Britain is typically seen as a damp , rainy nation water shortages could be a very real environmental crisis as demand from a high population squeezed onto a small island puts pressure on this deceptively limited resource .
" In reality , water supplies are under varying degrees of stress throughout England south of the Humber , with rainfall per capita in the south - east being lower than in the Mediterranean .
" This problem will continue to grow in line with population growth , and with altered rainfall patterns caused by climate change .
" Although the environmental lobby groups get most excited by the prospect of global catastrophe caused by climate change , from a national perspective water shortages may be a crisis that arrives somewhat sooner . "
Rainwater harvesting is not a new idea , with archaeological evidence showing that we 've been tapping into this easily - accessible water source for millennia .
But despite this , relatively few homes have a collection system .
Mr Nash told edie that retrofitting in existing homes could be a complex business due to the need for separate pipework and was best installed during a general refurb or when the homes were being built .
At industrial or commercial premises , however , retrofitting is often far easier , particularly where most of the water is to be used for purposes other than drinking or cooking .
" With non-domestic buildings , the pipework is usually much more accessible , " he said .
" Also , far more mains water can be saved in the workplace as the buildings often have large roofs , and most of the water used at work is non-wholesome . "
The modern rainwater harversting rig is a far cry from the traditional barrel tagged onto the garden shed , typically collecting and saving around 25,000 times as much water as a butt at the bottom of a drainpipe , with a hugely improved quality of water .
Those who want to hear how water shortages , building regulations , consumer awareness and the Code for Sustainable Homes is driving this sector can attend Mr Nash 's presentation at IWEX , part of SustainabilityLive !
Sam Bond
© Faversham House Ltd 2010 .
edie news articles may be copied or forwarded for individual use only .
No other reproduction or distribution is permitted without prior written consent .
Kiraz Janicke ( right ) .
By Ali Mustafa
March 23 , 2010 --
As Venezuela 's Bolivarian Revolution enters a new decade of struggle and defiantly advances towards its goal of “ 21st century socialism ” , serious challenges to the future of the process emerging from both inside and outside the country still abound .
As a result , key questions surrounding Venezuela 's mounting tensions with the West , the role played by its fiery and outspoken leader Hugo Chavez and the future of the process itself remain as relevant today as ever before .
Australian - based journalists and long - time Venezuela solidarity activists Federico Fuentes and Kiraz Janicke have been carefully following Venezuela 's ongoing political transformation for several years now , countering mainstream media spin and providing invaluable on - the - ground coverage and analysis about the process as it unfolds .
I had the fortunate opportunity to sit down and speak with them in Toronto before they returned to Caracas , following a 10 - day solidarity tour of Canada .
* * *
Ali Mustafa :
Over a decade now has passed since the beginning of the Bolivarian Revolution in Venezuela .
Can you provide an overview of the type of gains that have been made since President Hugo Chavez has come to power .
What does Venezuela look like today ?
Federico Fuentes :
Well , I think the first thing to note in regards to the gains that have been made in the 10 years of the Venezuelan Revolution is the huge improvement that has occurred in peoples ' daily lives .
The fact that the previously excluded majority of people now have access to free health care , free education , unemployment has fallen by more than half of what is was before , the level of poverty has decreased , and many other statistics and social indicators that show that general Venezuelan living standards have improved dramatically .
But also extremely important has been the active political participation of people in daily life ; we are talking about a country where , literally , something like 80 per cent of the nation were excluded and felt that they were not represented at all by the sort of representative democracy and two party system that had existed .
It ’s the collapse of that system and the important movement for change that erupted – prior to Chavez 's election but , of course , which then has been stimulated even further by Chavez 's election – in the re-writing of the new constitution that 's brought about these important gains that Venezuelans have been able to achieve ...
This reflected itself in important mobilisations that occurred particularly in 2001 , 2002 , 2003 that defeated a military coup and an attempt by the capitalist class to strangle the economy , which of course meant that the government basically was unable to carry out a lot of the “ missions ” that it first set out for itself , but through that struggle was able to move into a position where it could begin to carry out a lot of these social programs , and as always places emphasis on the people involved in them .
I think one of the most exciting things is , for instance , the health care social missions – it's not just that free health care is now being provided but that this health care is being carried out by the people , for the people .
So , I think the Venezuela that exists today is fundamentally different from what it was like 10 , 11 years ago in the social aspect , in the political aspect – and I think it 's a Venezuela that today , in its large bulk , refuses to go back to what existed before .
That 's one of the most common things that you 'll find amongst Venezuelan people : that no matter what problems , or whatever they may be encountering , they strongly feel that there is no going back to what Venezuela was like before and they are willing to die to defend what they 've won .
Kiraz Janicke : Yeah , I think that for the first time the Venezuelan people have a government that 's actually truly independent of US imperialism .
But of course in addition to all of the social gains , one of the most fundamental changes is this kind of mass political awakening of the Venezuelan people and the amount of participation of the Venezuelan people in political life through many instances of grassroots participatory democracy .
For instance , the communal councils that since the end of 2005 have developed and spread all around the country .
You have now approximately 35,000 of these communal councils ... where the highest decision making body is the General Assembly of the local community , and importantly they have the ability to recall elected officials or elected spokespeople .
This is something that was also another major democratic gain of the 1999 Constitution ... which was the first constitution that the Venezuelan people were ever able to democratically decide upon themselves .
They democratically voted on that constitution in a popular referendum , and that in many ways has provided a legal framework for further changes .
But the real driving force behind the change has been the mobilisation of the people .
Initially when the Chavez government came to power , Chavez said he thought that there was a third way between Capitalism and Socialism and that it was possible to create Capitalism with a human face .
For every time that the government attempted to implement reforms in the interest of the poor majority of Venezuelans , they were met with extremely violent resistance by the traditional ruling elite ; for instance , the carrying out of the coup in 2002 , the bosses lockout of the oil industry , and so on .
It 's actually been through this process that Chavez himself came out and said that , “ I 've come to the conclusion that it's not simply possible to reform the system but it 's necessary to change the system entirely ” , and he came out and made his famous speech at the Porto Alegre World Social Forum in 2005 , where he called for “ Socialism of the 21st century “ .
And that really has sparked a huge debate in Venezuela .
People are very politically aware , people are participating and debating and discussing an alternative to the capitalist system , which is currently in crisis .
Can you further elaborate on the formation of these communal councils and how they fit into the notion of participatory democracy currently taking root in Venezuela ?
FF : Well , when Chavez was elected he said that the only way to get rid of poverty was to give power to the people , and I think that the communal councils are probably the most concrete example of that .
The background to the communal councils is that throughout the 90s there was an explosion of community organising – particularly in the poor areas in Caracas , but also in some of the other large cities – and what you saw was the emergence of a lot of small , localised committees dealing with a lot of issues : health , education , housing , roads , water , but all campaigning around local issues .
The communal councils emerge out of that necessity to bring together all of these committees , so that rather than being just simply campaigning groups to demand that the government or state do things , it 's actually organising those communities so that they themselves can take control over these issues .
The communal councils today represent 200- 400 families in an urban area , 20 - 50 families in a rural area ( given that they are more spread out ) , and it 's essentially the community getting together to discuss what are their most urgent needs and , within those needs , which are the ones that they as a community ... can collectively come up with a plan for how to combat those problems ...
The emphasis is , again , not on asking someone else to do it , but doing it themselves – of course with the help of the government – but really empowering the people through that process .
KJ : And there 's a vision that is being presented now – and it's a very new development in Venezuela – that is , the formation of what they call communes .
These are more than just an aggregate number of communal councils but also other organisations such as cooperatives in a particular geographical area that will coordinate grassroots decision - making on a larger scale than what a communal council can do .
For instance , a communal council can make a decision over a smaller project in their local community but they can't necessarily make a decision to build a new school because that 's something that affects a much larger area .
But the important aspect of these communes is the idea that they have communally owned property or control over the means of production in their local area .
So , the idea is not only that communities can get together and make decisions about how resources are distributed ; they can also own the means of production that benefit these communities and collectively control them ...
This fits into the idea that Chavez has spoken of many times and was part of his proposed reform referendum in 2007 of what he refers to as “ creating a new geometry of power in Venezuela ” , and essentially this is a vision of creating a new superstructure that 's different to the old superstructure of the traditional Venezuelan state .
So , in addition to creating the communal councils and the communes , there 's a vision of coordinating the activities of communes on a broader scale ; so , for instance , creating communal towns or communal cities and then ultimately what they call communal territories .
And just before we left Venezuela , there was a new law passed called the “ Law of the Federal Government Council ” , and the idea is that it will create a space where these representatives or spokespeople for these grassroots institutions – as well as representatives of the traditional structures such as governors and mayors and the national executive – can participate ...
This is one key example where you see an attempt to decentralise power from the traditional structures of the capitalist state ...
Typically , media coverage surrounding Venezuela tends to represent one of two extremes : uncritical praise and acclamation from supporters on one hand , and of course , especially in the Western mainstream media , a sort of reflexive , de- contextualised vilification of Chavez on the other .
As two individuals who have spent much time covering Venezuela both inside and outside the country , what is the main misconception about the Bolivarian Revolution that you would like to dispel ?
KJ : Well , for me , I think the main misconception or lie that is often repeated in the media is the idea that this is an undemocratic government – that Chavez is a dictator .
Most of the international media overwhelmingly focuses on Chavez , but they always ignore the fact that the Bolivarian movement , which is led by Chavez , is a movement that 's made up by millions of people that support Chavez : the workers , the urban poor , campesinos , students , sectors from right across Venezuelan society ...
They feel that the Chavez government is implementing policies that are in their interests .
If you look at all the opinion polls over the years , they will show that Chavez has consistently higher levels of support within Venezuelan society , and it 's always hovering around 60 % support .
And it 's not only that people are just passive supporters of Chavez , they are active supporters as well , and active participants in the Bolivarian Revolution .
FF : Yeah , I think that definitely one of the main myths of the media is this idea of Venezuela drifting towards an undemocratic dictatorship – which is ironic because I think there is possibly no other country in the world that has more electoral processes than Venezuela .
Almost every year there is an election , and there has been at least one example of an election that the government has lost , and that was the Constitutional reform vote in 2007 , which generally under a dictatorship does n't happen ...
The other major lie is this idea of the restriction of the freedom of the press ; I think it 's an important issue , particularly in the case of RCTV [ Radio Caracas Televisión Internacional ] .
It 's worth just quickly explaining that no TV station has ever been shut down in Venezuela .
What we have is RCTV , which in 2007 – after having actively participated in provoking and carrying out a coup that , by law , would have easily justified them being taken off air in any country – was not taken off air ; instead , their license was up for renewal ... and the government , or the broadcasting authority , decided that at this time it was not in its best interests to continue to give a license to a company that would use it to destabilise the country .
Then , again , at the beginning of this year , it became a scandal internationally because , even though we were told in 2007 that RCTV had been shut down , it was still broadcasting ( it was broadcasting on cable ) .
But this was not a question of the government silencing dissent ; this was a TV station that was operating illegally : their paperwork said they were an international channel , but by law – and everyone accepted this , including RCTV afterwards – they were a national channel , because more than 80 % of their production was made in Venezuela for a Venezuelan audience .
So they needed to renew their paperwork , and the government said that until they did , they would be temporarily removed from air .
Once the paperwork was put in , they would be able to broadcast again on cable .
There are many other examples , but that 's I suppose the biggest one that 's always in the media .
KJ : Yeah , well , as an independent journalist , I monitor the media everyday about Venezuela and look at what all different kinds of news sources say about the government – both news sources internally and externally – and I would have to say that the kind of manipulation and distortion of Venezuelan reality is something that I 've never seen anywhere else .
There 's an Australian journalist and documentary film - maker , John Pilger , who said that , “ What you 're seeing is really an unprecedented propaganda campaign that 's being waged against the Chavez government ” –
FF : It 's a media war –
KJ : It really is a media war .
And I think if you go to Venezuela and see what the media says , this will become clear immediately .
You often hear the claim that there is no freedom of speech and so on , but internally in Venezuela there are more than 50 daily newspapers and about 45 of those newspapers support the opposition and are constantly attacking the government everyday – including having front page headlines calling for the military overthrow of the government ...
Then you have those 4 newspapers that support the Bolivarian process ; and then you have one newspaper that , you know , presents itself as being neutral .
So , on the level of the print media , the opposition to the government is overwhelmingly dominant ...
A lot of the television stations are extremely hostile as well .
The other important aspect to note is that , as a result of the Bolivarian process , you actually have a massive explosion of community media in Venezuela , in particular community radio stations in the Barrios ... but also a number of community television stations and other independent media websites and so on .
So this is like the first time where a lot of the grassroots groups and Venezuelan poor are actually getting to participate themselves in the production of the their own media ; whereas prior to the Chavez government , they did n't have a voice in politics or the media .
They were just excluded .
For all the popular support he continues to enjoy in Venezuela , Chavez still remains quite a polarising figure here in the West and to some extent even in Latin America , portrayed as everything from a dictator and demagogue , to a liberator and socialist hero .
How much does being the face of the revolution make him an easy target and feed into such facile caricatures ?
FF : I think it 's undeniable the role Chavez has played in that , what I mentioned before , profound level of local organising that exploded in the 1990s but which was kind of very fragmented and dispersed and localised .
What Chavez , more than a person , but as an image , represents is a national project that unites all of these people towards building a new Venezuela .
That dynamic bond that exists between Chavez and the people has really been the motor force that has been able to move this process forward .
Now of course , the media then tries to use this as evidence of Chavez trying to be a demagogue and a populist , but I think what is clear at every step of the way is that – unlike many of the other cases where you 've had a situation where a particular individual has used that power to reinforce it – Chavez has constantly moved to try to empower and organise the people , making it clear to them that the revolution is more than just him , that the revolution is the people and it is with the people that it will continue to move forward .
As he always says , one day he is going to die , so this thing has to keep going with or without him ( hopefully he will be there for a while longer ) and I think one of the key examples of that is the construction of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela [ PSUV ] – that is , the attempt to bring together the most politically militant people to discuss and debate the way forward .
So , of course it makes him a target and I think it makes it harder to understand from the outside .
I think it 's easy to see a particular , partial vision of that situation , but I think there 's a historical explanation , and I certainly believe that that bond between Chavez and the people has been so fundamental for where the revolution is today ...
As phenomenal as the social transformation in Venezuela has no doubt been , at the same time we also see tremendous gains being made in other countries in Latin America – Bolivia for example – but not the same type of virulent attacks from the media or the organised right in general .
Why do you think that is ?
FF : I think there are a number of aspects to that .
The first aspect is the fact that Evo Morales is a much harder target to personally attack – I mean it 's much easier to target Chavez who comes from the military ; they like to talk about how he attempted to carry out a coup in 1992 , but which was in fact a rebellion by a section of the military and the people against the government .
So it 's easy to try and portray a picture of ..
“ This guy comes from the military ” ; “ he 's carried out a coup ” ; ” he's a strong - man ” , and so on , which is very different when you look at Evo Morales , the first Indigenous president in a country where the overwhelming majority are Indigenous .
To put it into context , Evo got elected in 2005 ; in 2003 the president who was there at the time [ Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada ] literally spoke Spanish with an English accent .
In a country where actually there 's a lot of people who do n't even speak Spanish and their first language is an Indigenous language , this guy 's second language was Spanish and his first was English ...
So , in that kind of context to attack a guy that emerges from a poor peasant family , who goes on to lead social struggles , be part of that social movement , and today represents the first Indigenous president is a little bit harder , I think , to attack .
But that does n't mean that they have n't attacked Evo as well .
We should n't forget that in 2008 there was an attempted coup against Evo ...
The social base of that was a particularly virulently racist , White , upper - middle - class in the east of Bolivia ...
This was reflected in open calls of things like , you know , ' Let 's overthrow this shitty little Indian ' – that 's how they used to refer to him , and some probably still do now , except they are on the back foot because the social movements pushed them back .
When the Constituent Assembly met in Sucre , there were literally racial lynch mobs that went and physically attacked Indigenous people there ...
That virulent racism in Bolivia , the media tried to portray it as if Evo was responsible for that ; they talk about how the Indigenous , now that they are in power , are going to do a ' racial revenge ' against the White people ( ironically accepting the fact that the White people who dominated for so long were doing that to the Indigenous people ) but Evo has made it clear that that 's not his mission ; his mission is to involve all Bolivians , but understanding that the Indigenous people have a central role to play ....
KJ : Yeah , I think it 's particularly because Venezuela has really played a leading role – it's the spearhead of this push for independence from the US in Latin America ...
When there was that attempted coup in Bolivia in September of 2008 , it was partly because the strategy of US imperialism at the time was to pick on what they thought was the weakest link in terms of this growing shift to the left in Latin America .
But in fact what happen was the opposite occurred and the upshot of that was that , as Fred said , the Morales government came out of that politically strengthened .
But I think that they really concentrate on Venezuela because it is playing a leading role in the region , and they want to really try and rollback this process of integration and independence that 's happening in Latin America .
So you have not only this kind of media campaign against Chavez ... but also an ideological or diplomatic offensive against Venezuela .
Every day you hear United States diplomats and even Canadian officials , like Peter Kent [ Canadian Minister of State for Foreign Affairs of the Americas ] , come out and make some statement attacking Venezuela ...
The other aspect is the increased militarisation of the region to put pressure on the revolution that 's developing in Venezuela – so you 'll see that with the reactivation of the United State 's fourth fleet , which was deactivated after WWII ; the seven US military bases in Colombia ; the 4 extra military based in Panama ; the US - backed coup in Honduras ; and now more than 15,000 US troops in Haiti , which I think has a geo- strategic importance for imperialism .... however , I think it 's not all going imperialism 's way .
The fact that all the Latin American and Caribbean countries came out recently and said , “ We will form an organisation without the US and Canada ” just gives you another kind of indication of how much this shift to the left and independence has occurred ....
The organised right and the traditional ruling elite are no longer in political power in Venezuela , yet they continue to act as an irrepressible and resilient destabilising force in the country .
What can you tell us about this bloc and how much of a threat do they really pose in Venezuela today ?
FF : I think the real threat comes from Washington .
This opposition within Venezuela is very much backed by Washington and that is what gives it a lot more strength and visibility internationally .
But that does n't mean that the opposition does n't continue to have strong allies within Venezuela – as Kiraz said , they continue to own the overwhelming majority of the media ; economically , they continue to have very firm control over important parts of the economy that they are able to use to pressure the government ; and they have a solid base , particularly among upper - middle - class people that constantly come out to vote against Chavez .
So that 's why we see , even ten years later , most elections tend to be split 60 – 40 per cent ; some will be a bit different and get down to 50 - 50 , but generally the percentage tends to rely more on the fluctuation of the vote for - or - against the revolution than necessarily the vote in favor of the opposition .
The opposition kind of stays steady , its about 4 or 5 million , and they will consistently come out to vote , and it's this bloc that the opposition leaders have been able to maintain through their control of the media and the economy .
They are certainly a threat and they have to be taken very seriously , but I think they have to be taken very seriously in the context of what they represent , as I said , as part of that broader front internationally because that 's where a lot of their funding comes from ....
I think it 's also important to note – I do n't think that the only threats come purely from US policy , other regimes , and the opposition within Venezuela , but I think that there is also that opposition internal to the process itself ; that of course does n't express itself as being against Chavez ( because obviously no one would accept anyone within the process who was against Chavez ) but that continually expresses itself in attempts to sabotage government initiatives ...
This has been expressed in many ways as the process has radicalised .
We 've seen different people leaving the revolution ; the most recent example being , for instance , the governor of Lara , Henri Falcon , who was elected less than two years ago as a PSUV governor but today has left the party and has already started to say that he wo n't be implementing certain policies that the government is bringing in .
So , I think it 's also important to realise that within the process itself there are different ideas and there is a battle there .
There are sectors within the process that reflect that pressure from outside to hold back this process .
That 60 - 40 split is really important and indicates that , as much support as Chavez may enjoy and as deep as the gains of the revolution have been , there still exists a sort of tenuous balance in moving from election to election and referendum to referendum that jeopardises the stability of the revolution and can cause it to implode at any point .
A lot of it seems to be attributed to low voter turnout or abstentions when it comes to key referendums .
To what do you attribute this lack of voter turnout ( whether it's a sense of disillusionment or complacency or so on ) and how much of a threat does this pose to the revolution moving forward ?
FF : As I said , the opposition have maintained a pretty solid voting bloc , and it does n't really increase much ; what fluctuates is how many people come out to vote or not .
I think there are both circumstantial and more profound reasons for that .
The circumstantial reasons are that when Chavez is up for election , the people come out and vote because they understand and believe that Chavez is the leader , but many of the other governors and mayors and National Assembly deputies do n't have that same respect or level of support from the people ...
I think the other challenge is that – Fidel Castro said it to Chavez best : “ Look , there are 4 million people that pretty solidly vote against you , but there are not 4 million oligarchs or 4 million capitalists ” , so it 's also a question of how do we , as I mentioned , break down that economic power , that media power .
Because the Bolivarian Revolution , like much of the left resurgence in the region , has taken place primarily in the electoral arena and operated largely within the existing framework of state institutions , what role do grassroots social movements still play in the life of the revolution ?
To what extent have they been absorbed or collapsed into the state or undercut from acting as a countervailing force to state power ?
FF : Well , I think the important aspect is to understand the historical context .
For instance , unlike in Bolivia where Evo Morales was elected as president after at least two presidents were overthrown and there were powerful mobilisations of large , national social movements with a history of struggle , with Chavez 's election there was a huge sentiment of resistance and opposition to neoliberalism and a huge level of local organising but you can't really talk about powerful social movements like what you had in Bolivia ...
I think today there is a challenge .
As these new institutions are built from the bottom - up by the people , together with the government of Chavez , they are really set up in parallel to the old existing structures which the government has found do n't work .
You know that if you have got to set up a special mission to carry out health - care when you have a Ministry of Health , it 's because you 're basically accepting that the Ministry of Health does n't work , and that 's why there is a necessity to create a new parallel structure .
But the problem is how long can you maintain this ?
How long can you maintain funding for two separate states ?
Because as the old is dying and the new is being born , the old , of course , is going to try and gain a stranglehold over the new emerging institutions – and sometimes you see that corruption and bureaucratism that infects the old begin to infect the new as well ...
These are things that predate the Chavez government but that still exist and have n't been wiped out , and are almost impossible to wipe out in one day – so there 's that constant tension ...
KJ : Yeah , I think there 's a real struggle because the Venezuelan government really inherited a capitalist state in crisis , a capitalist state that was unable to even meet the basic daily needs of the Venezuelan people , so the government has had to focus a lot on addressing these basic needs ... but I think how this will be resolved depends a lot on the internal struggles within Venezuela – particularly the struggle of grassroots sectors , workers , urban poor , the key activists and militants in the communal councils and the ability to really push and develop these new structures – but also on the strengthening of the PSUV and the idea of creating a political instrument that can drive the process forward ...
Venezuela is one of the largest oil producing and exporting countries in the world and , as a result , is heavily dependent on the resource of oil , which has largely funded and bankrolled the revolutionary gains made in Venezuela today .
First , is this something that Venezuelans are conscious of , and second , is this the principal obstacle to the deepening of the revolution in the long - term ?
FF : I think Venezuelans are very clear that their economy has historically been highly distorted by the role of the oil industry ...
Of course , the challenge to that is how do you diversify ?
How do you start to develop local industry ?
How do you start to have technological transfer , where the Venezuelan government can stimulate a new productive economy ?
And of course there are ecological factors to this ...
I think that this dependency on oil is a challenge that 's hard to break ; it 's not that easy to move an economy away from oil ...
It 's just easier to rely on oil funds – the idea that oil money can solve all of our problems .
But I do n't think that 's the principal obstacle , and I also do n't think that the principal obstacle , in and of itself , is imperialism 's attack against Venezuela .
I actually think that perhaps the foremost obstacle that the revolution faces is that challenge that exists within the process , because it 's those sectors – that act to sabotage the governments actions , to hold back the revolution , to confuse the masses – that pave the way for imperialism to be able to carry out its actions ...
Because it's when internally you have people who wear the red hat , wear the red t- shirt , and salute Chavez – but are doing the opposite – where you start to see , for instance , discontent that perhaps can grow amongst the people ; that internal enemy that exists in the revolution that put forward reformist solutions that say , “ Really , we should just co-exist with private capital and not see ourselves in a permanent battle against capital ” , and that , “ Maybe if we conciliate with Washington and extend our hand , they will accept us ” , when in fact Washington has made it clear that it wants to not just get rid of Chavez but reverse the whole process ...
So in order to defend and prepare the revolution , it needs the maximum amount of , of course , discussion , debate , criticism and so on , but also unity and strength putting forward a revolutionary alternative ...
KJ : I think the question of oil is pervasive in every sphere of Venezuelan life – politically , economically , culturally .
This kind of struggle to change Venezuela and its dependency on oil is very difficult ... it means that , of course , the Venezuelan economy is extremely vulnerable to the world price of oil .
I 've heard arguments by some environmentalists that have criticised the Chavez government because it drills and exports oil , but you can't simply just tell Venezuela to stop producing oil .
We saw the effect of that in 2002 - 2003 when there was a bosses lockout of the oil industry : they shut down the oil industry and caused $ 20 billion worth of damage to the economy , unemployment spiked to 20 per cent , people went hungry ...
So , it 's a very difficult kind of dependency to break , but I think the only way for Venezuela to break its dependency on oil is to actually break with the logic of Capitalism that 's imposed from the outside , and it's only through this process of taking control over their own resources that Venezuelans themselves can decide how their going to develop their country ...
As central a figure as Chavez has been and continues to be for the revolution , he obviously cannot rule forever .
What might a post - Chavez Venezuela look like and do you foresee this political void perhaps posing a real risk of jeopardising some of the gains made under his time in power ?
FF : First , the constitutional amendment that was approved in 2009 allows all elected officials to re-stand for elections as many time as they like .
So , according to the constitution , Chavez can continue to stand until he decides not to , or the party decides not to preselect him , or he loses the elections .
Now , if today Chavez was to leave , say , by a hypothesis of an assassination – which cannot be ruled out – I think there is high likelihood that the country would descend into a civil war because Chavez is that figure that maintains social unity not just amongst the people but also amongst the armed forces ...
I have no doubt that it's through the development of the PSUV that those millions of “ Chavezes ” and “ little Chavezes ” that exist today all over the country will organise themselves politically through this instrument of the masses and ensure that the process will continue ...
Finally , what should international solidarity mean in the context of the Venezuelan Revolution ?
FF : I think the first thing is that there is a lot to learn from the internationalism of the Venezuelan Revolution itself – that willingness , firstly , to speak out when things have to be said , as Chavez said when the US declared its war in Afghanistan and made that very bold statement to say , “ You can not fight terrorism with terrorism ” ; that very bold statement denouncing Israel 's actions in Gaza and in Lebanon , and many other statement that he has made in all sorts of public forums and summits .
So , I think we also need to be willing to speak out in this particular context against any attacks that come out against Venezuela .
Any time that any government or any media comes out and says a lie about Venezuela we have to be responding and telling the truth to combat it ...
I think it also has to be done through concrete demonstrations of solidarity ; the Venezuelan government has placed a lot of emphasis on social programs and financial aid , with no strings attached , to some of poorest countries in the world – classic example being what they 're doing now in Haiti with the reconstruction effort .
Well , I think we should also think about how we can help to build that concrete element of solidarity in whatever country we are .
Every time the US talks about building another military base in Latin America , that means one more protest that we have to organise wherever we are ...
So , I think that solidarity is so important to the Venezuelan Revolution and so important to what we have to do as well in building a social force , not just to defend Venezuela , but as part of building a social force for change here .
How we do that here in Canada or in Australia or wherever we are , that 's the question we have to try to deal with .
KJ : Another aspect is that people should actually learn from Venezuela and study the process of the Bolivarian Revolution because there are so many lessons that activists and evolutionaries can actually learn from the process – not to export models and so on but to inspire struggles in our own countries against our own governments .
That 's why I think promoting as much debate and discussion as possible of what is really happening in Venezuela is really important .
[ Kiraz Janicke is an journalist based in Caracas , Venezuela , where she writes for Venezuelanalysis.com .
She is also the editor of the Peru en Movimiento blog , part of the Green Left Weekly / Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal Caracas bureau and a member of the Socialist Alliance in Australia .
Federico Fuentes is the editor of the Bolivia Rising blog and , together with Kiraz Janicke , is part of the Green Left Weekly / Links Caracas bureau , where his articles are regularly published .
He is also a member of the Socialist Alliance in Australia .
Both are members of the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network .
Ali Mustafa is a freelance journalist , writer , and media activist .
He resides in Toronto .
His writing can be found at : http://frombeyondthemargins.blogspot.com.
This article first appeared at UpsideDownWorld , and is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the participants ’ permission . ]
About Me
Name : Luke Location : Tamworth / Loughborough , United Kingdom
I am an illustration student .
This is a blog generally of things I 've done and perhaps some things other people have done and what I think about them .
View my complete profile
As soon as you enter the North Kenwood / Oakland Elementary campus of the University of Chicago , one of the things that catches your attention is a quote that is more like a mantra - “ We are a community of learners and leaders ” .
If you are familiar with the quote at the entrance , you understand how unconventional your response to one of the selected Uchicago essay prompts needs to be .
Your goal is to impress .
The best way to do that is to choose one of the less popular University of Chicago essay prompts .
However , you need to familiarize yourself with the most common ones first .
Here are just a few examples of the most popular UChicago essay questions :
How does the University of Chicago satisfy your desire for a certain kind of learning ?
While the University of Chicago has international centers all over the world , there are no interdimensional or interstellar campuses .
Propose a spot where such a campus could be founded and dwell upon its cultural significance .
What are your thoughts on the following quote by Jessamyn West - " Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures " ?
It is up to you which of the University of Chicago essay questions to choose .
Besides , you may also need to write a why UChicago essay delving into the reasons why you have chosen this particular university , what kind of knowledge and experience you expect to acquire while studying there , as well as how getting a degree from this educational institution will help you build a career in the field you are interested in .
The key aspect to remember when writing a response to a chosen UChicago essay prompt is to be original and to think outside the box .
Do n’t worry if you are not quite sure whether you have interpreted the question right .
The goal is to stand out .
This is the only way to make certain your essay gets noticed .
As a result , you will get a chance to become a student at the University of Chicago .
Speaking about the Uchicago essay word limit , there are no strict rules .
However , it is advisable to aim for 250 - 500 words .
Apart from that , take into consideration the following tips before you get down to answering the selected essay prompt .
They might come in handy when you are trying to craft a stellar response :
Do your research ( UChicago admission committee needs to see that you are familiar with classes , courses and opportunities they offer , and you understand how you can use all of them to your advantage )
Prove that you are a good match ( highlight your strengths and explain how you will make the most of what the University of Chicago has to offer )
Explain why you think UChicago is the best school for you
Take a look at a few well - written examples to get a better idea of what you are required to do .
Where to Find Why UChicago Essay Examples
To write a stellar response to the University of Chicago essay prompt , the first thing you need to do is to find out what is expected of you .
This is the reason why spending some time looking through well - written why UChicago essay examples will be so advantageous .
You will see how others have dealt with this task , as well as analyze what helped them attract the attention of the admission committee and got them enrolled .
Check out the website of the University of Chicago , as well as look through a few reputable college blogs where you can find past responses to essay prompts written by applicants who managed to get in .
Yet , do n’t forget that you can also get expert writing assistance if you can’t figure out how to deal with the task of writing a response to an essay prompt on your own .
If that is the case , what you should do is find a trustworthy application essay writing assistance service that is known for helping applicants like you .
They have the whole team of experts who have helped hundreds of applicants get better at application essay writing , as well as assisted them in the process of writing a stellar response to an essay prompt .
Due to their vast experience in this field , they know which techniques to use to make sure your essay stands out .
What is more , they are willing to share their knowledge with you .
So , get a sample written by an expert in the field of application essay writing and you will have a perfectly written example right in front of you within the shortest period of time .
Such a sample will help you better understand how to write and format these essays .
What is more , you will also feel less frustrated about the whole thing .
Application essay writing assistance is right on hand .
With a recent announcement from Nick Quaranto , RubyGems.org has become the default gem source for RubyGems .
The three domains gemcutter.org , gems.rubyforge.org , and rubygems.org now all point to the same place , and gem serving and installation work for all three .
RubyGems.org is the main web front end , to which the other two sites redirect .
The secure site , https://rubygems.org, also went live on March 23 .
Hosting approximately 11,500 Gems , RubyGems.org is now the default Gem host for the community , superseding both RubyForge and GitHub .
GitHub announced in October that it would no longer automatically build Gems , and that it would only host existing gems for a year ; it recommended Gemcutter for hosting .
Shortly thereafter , the teams behind Gemcutter , RubyGems and RubyForge announced that RubyForge would be phased out in favor of Gemcutter , which would take the name RubyGems.org .
Gemcutter appeared last year as a repository aiming to simplify the hosting and release of Gems .
With the gemcutter RubyGems plugin , a simple gem push command would publish a Gem to the repository ; this functionality has now become part of the RubyGems package manager with the 1.3.6 release .
The only change in RubyGems relevant to the downloading and installation of Gems is the use of RubyGems.org as the default repository .
For publishers of Gems , user accounts from RubyForge have been merged over to RubyGems.org ; users new to the site but with existing RubyForge accounts can log in with their RubyForge account information .
The focus of RubyGems.org is Gem hosting ; other features of RubyForge , such as website hosting , file hosting , bug tracking , forums , and mailing lists , are being retired in deference to other hosting sites that specialize in such features .
Support for the RubyGems package manager , however , as well as for the RubyGems.org site as a whole , is available at help.rubygems.org .
This site features knowledge base articles , forums , and issue tracking .
While the gem push and gem owner commands have been merged into the RubyGems package manager , the gemcutter plugin continues to exist and makes available several additional commands .
The gem yank command will remove a Gem from the RubyGems.org index while leaving it available for download ; by using gem webhook a user can be notified about Gem updates by registering a URL to be called each time a gem gets pushed .
Some other features of the RubyGems.org site include a " Metrics " button on each Gem 's page that links to Caliper , which generates metric_fu results for every pushed gem .
RubyGems.org also makes available a web - based API for creating and querying Gems , for managing owners , and for various other interactions with the site .
After 30 years in power , Zimbabwe 's veteran leader Robert Mugabe said this week he was ready to stand for another term as president .
BBC Africa correspondent Andrew Harding finds
Mr Mugabe 's party in angry mood , and others - the white minority and the former opposition MDC party - full of foreboding .
The law intends to redistribute more wealth to the black population
It has been a grey , drizzly week here .
In the wealthier suburbs of Harare , Zimbabwe 's shrinking white population is once again feeling nervous .
Pat , who runs a small hairdressing salon , and whose family has lived here for four generations , is finally planning to leave .
They do n't want us " whiteys " here any more she says .
The writing is on the wall .
Pat has been spooked by a new law , introduced this week , which is supposed to correct the enduring economic legacies of colonialism , and give black Zimbabweans a controlling stake in almost all companies .
The main focus is Zimbabwe 's rich mines and its industry .
But the indigenisation law also seeks to prevent white people from owning things like hairdressing and beauty salons .
In a few years , says Pat , we will be like an extinct species .
They will come for our houses next .
The reaction may well be extreme .
Many white Zimbabweans have been slow to acknowledge the debt they owe to the black majority here .
Economic empowerment is clearly necessary .
But after a decade of economic chaos , horrific violence , and the brutal seizure of white - owned farms , it is easy to understand why so many Zimbabweans - of all colours - are hair - trigger tuned to expect the very worst .
Bitter words
Our children are dying because of sanctions
Saviour Kasukuwere , Zanu PF Saviour Kasukuwere does not exactly try to smooth the waters .
" You people , " he almost spat at me , as I sat in his office on the ninth floor of the squat grey building that houses President Mugabe 's Zanu PF Party .
Mr Kasukuwere used to be a member of Mr Mugabe 's notorious state security .
He is a hardliner and a rising star .
" You British , you could learn a lot about democracy from us , " he says with a thin smile .
Mr Kasukuwere , a tall , heavy - set man , was at primary school when his country won full independence from Britain 30 years ago .
Unlike Mr Mugabe 's generation , he did not fight and suffer for freedom .
But , full of passionate intensity , he seems to wallow in his bitterness .
In his eyes , and words , everything can still be blamed on what he calls the " genocidal " West .
Zanu PF 's current preoccupation is with what it calls " Western sanctions " .
The state media makes it sound like some overwhelming economic blockade .
" Our children are dying because of sanctions , " says Mr Kasukuwere .
But as diplomats and economists here point out , the reality is less extreme .
The European Union is currently imposing a travel ban on 198 individuals .
Thirty - five companies are also frozen out .
" This is about Mrs Mugabe not being able to shop in Paris , " one diplomat put it .
" Zimbabwe can't borrow money , not because of sanctions , but because it owes $ 6bn , and can't pay it back because it systematically wrecked its own economy . "
Train smash Within Zimbabwe 's unity government , sanctions are a poisonous issue - one of many .
The unity government , formed after bitterly disputed elections , has survived a year now - President Mugabe 's Zanu PF sharing , or at least pretending to share power with its enemy , the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) .
" It 's a train smash , warfare every day , " one MDC minister told me .
But the government has survived and on some issues is clearly making progress .
The MDC is hoping now to water down the new indigenisation law in order not to scare away foreign investors and potentially plunge the economy back into chaos .
The 2008 elections saw MDC supporters beaten and killed Both parties are now gearing up for new elections - possibly next year .
It is the only way to settle Zimbabwe 's political deadlock once and for all .
The sanctions issue and the indigenisation law , are key campaign themes for Zanu PF .
If the MDC tries to question either of them - it is accused of being a stooge for colonial Western interests .
The MDC can probably handle that sort of criticism .
It has got a strong support base , and at least one recent opinion poll showed it would crush Mr Mugabe and his party at the polls .
Any credit for the economic stability achieved here during the past year , seems to have gone to the MDC .
But the party is not nearly as well organised or ruthless as Zanu PF .
We are floundering , one MDC insider told me dejectedly .
And of course , past experience in Zimbabwe shows that elections here are won by intimidation , not popularity .
Unless we have foreign peacekeepers to protect us , it will be another bloodbath
Senior MDC official
In 2008 , Zanu PF orchestrated a campaign of terror - killing and beating MDC supporters - in order to hold on to power .
Now at the age of 86 , after 30 years in office , President Mugabe has announced he is planning to run for yet another term .
Elections could be held next year , he says .
Mr Mugabe controls the police and the army , and under the current constitution , most of the electoral infrastructure .
Will he play fair this time ?
We are heading towards another big fight , a senior MDC official told me anxiously .
Unless we have foreign peacekeepers to protect us , it will be another bloodbath .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) BBC World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Watch the latest news video at video.
foxnews.com
It takes a special kind of unexamined existence to sit through this segment and not have your head explode .
How many people have heard of the Milgram experiments ?
The Milgram 's experiment on obedience to authority figures was a series of social psychology experiments conducted by Yale University psychologist Stanley Milgram , which measured the willingness of study participants to obey an authority figure who instructed them to perform acts that conflicted with their personal conscience .
Milgram first described his research in 1963 in an article published in the Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology and later discussed his findings in greater depth in his 1974 book , Obedience to Authority : An Experimental View .
The experiments began in July 1961 , three months after the start of the trial of German Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Jerusalem .
Milgram devised his psychological study to answer the question : " Was it that Eichmann and his accomplices in the Holocaust had mutual intent , in at least with regard to the goals of the Holocaust ? "
In other words , " Was there a mutual sense of morality among those involved ? "
Milgram 's testing suggested that it could have been that the millions of accomplices were merely following orders , despite violating their deepest moral beliefs .
It -- along with Jane Elliott 's famous " blue eye / brown eye " experiment -- were seminal in showing just how easily people could be persuaded to hate and hurt others .
I remember seeing a school film on these experiments by a teacher concerned by the " Bomb bomb bomb , Iran " chants students yelled during the Iranian hostage crisis .
It has stayed with me how susceptible people could be to suggestions of hate and fear , which may be why I object so much to the fear - mongering of the Republicans in the last ten years .
This week , French documentarians decided to update the Milgram experiment for the 21st century : in the guise of a TV game show , contestants were encouraged to administer what appeared to be near - lethal electrical shocks to rival contestants .
Although unaware that the contestants were actors and there was no electrical current , 82 % of participants in the Game of Death agreed to pull the lever .
Programme makers say they wanted to expose the dangers of reality TV shows .
They say the documentary shows how many participants in the setting of a TV show will agree to act against their own principles or moral codes when ordered to do something extreme .
I think there are more parallels to be drawn beside the dangers of reality shows , although I 'd be thrilled to see fewer of those on TV too .
What was amazing was just how horrified Fox News anchor Martha MacCallum and Bill Hemmer were at the thought of people cheering for the torture of another individual .
Glennzilla :
Speaking as employees of the corporation that produced the highly influential , torture - glorifying 24 , and on the channel that has churned out years worth of pro-torture " news " advocacy , the anchors were particularly astonished that television could play such a powerful role in influencing people 's views and getting them to acquiesce to such heinous acts .
Ultimately , they speculated that perhaps it was something unique about the character and psychology of the French that made them so susceptible to external influences and so willing to submit to amoral authority , just like many of them submitted to and even supported the Nazis , they explained .
Yeah , those Frenchies ... they 're all weak - minded and easily - led sheep , willing to compromise their ethical and moral codes by authority figures .
Go figure .
Again , that the cognitive dissonance does n't cause their heads to explode is simply stunning .
RALEIGH , NC — Carolina Hurricanes forwards Jussi Jokinen ( Finland ) and Ray Whitney ( Canada ) will represent their countries at the 2010 International Ice Hockey Federation World Championship , to be held May 7 - 23 , in Mannheim and Gelsenkirchen , Germany .
Jokinen , 27 , scored 30 goals and earned 65 points , while playing in 80 of the Hurricanes ’ 82 games in 2009 - 10 .
His team - leading 30 goals ranked first among all Finnish - born National Hockey League players , and his 65 points ranked second among NHL - playing Finns to only Minnesota ’s Mikko Koivu ( 71 ) .
Since making his NHL debut in 2005 - 06 , the Kalajoki , Finland , native has scored 84 goals and earned 153 assists ( 237 points ) in 386 NHL regular - season games with Dallas , Tampa Bay and Carolina .
This marks Jokinen ’s fourth IIHF World Championship , as he also represented Finland in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 , helping Finland to bronze medals in 2006 and 2008 .
Whitney , 37 , finished the 2009 - 10 season ranked third among Hurricanes skaters with 37 assists and 58 points , and ranked tied for third on the team with 21 goals .
The Fort Saskatchewan , Alb. , native played his 1,000th NHL regular season game on Oct. 21 , and now has 324 goals and 545 assists ( 869 points ) in 1,072 NHL regular - season games with San Jose , Edmonton , Florida , Columbus , Detroit and Carolina .
This mark ’s Whitney ’s fourth IIHF World Championship , as he also represented Canada at the tournament in 1998 , 1999 and 2002 .
Well theyve gone and done it .
Congress has passed a bill that has been consistently opposed by the majority of Americans .
This bill is horrendously costly and will cause the country ’s deficits and total debt to rapidly expand–something that we can hardly afford when we are already in grave danger of losing our AAA credit rating .
After watching debate over this bill on C - SPAN , it is clear that the Congressional supporters of this bill seemed to be intentionally ignoring both the financial problems with this bill , as well as the potential that this bill will lower the quality of health care available for all Americans .
For confirmation of this , check out the C - SPAN coverage of this issue , especially the speeches starting from around 70 minutes until they begin voting on the rule .
President Obama promised that American people that he would pursue a bipartisan approach to health care reform .
Unfortunately for the American people , President Obama did no such thing .
Representative Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) and several other Republicans have been begging President Obama and the Democratic leadership to listen to other ideas and to move to attack some of the problems with health care that the vast majority of Americans agree on .
This bill is not bipartisan in any remote sense of the word .
In a clear sign of both idiocy and doublespeak , Nancy Pelosi disagreed and declared that a “ bill can be bipartisan without bipartisan votes . ”
The argument here was that because Democrats have included a few small ideas that Republicans and independents support in the bill that it can be called bipartisan .
In fact , the only thing that can even be said to be bipartisan about this bill is the opposition to it .
There are no Republicans supporting this bill ; it is opposed by every single Congressional Republican and a number of Congressional Democrats .
But , even if this bill had been a perfect example of bipartisan compromise , it is still wrong .
On top of being immoral and undemocratic , this bill is blatantly unconstitutional .
Alas , they have passed it and the battle is over .
What do we do now , you ask ? :
Well , we have three choices here .
We can :
1 ) Admit the fight is over , accept this new national health care system , its immense costs and potential to result in a level of care much lower than the current level .
Accepting this option is akin to tacitly accepting that our federal government no longer has any limits and thus , is no longer bound to the contractual restraints placed upon it by the Constitution .
2 ) Accept that the battle is over , but focus our efforts on repealing this bill .
Republicans have little chance of retaking the Congress in November , and given their history of supporting big government programs , there is little if any reason to believe that they will seek to implement a health care system based on the principles of freedom .
3 ) Take the passage of this bill as a setback and as the loss of a major battle , but regroup and get ready for a major guerrilla offensive .
The centralized approach to fighting this bill should be abandoned for now .
This battle simply cannot be fought on the national level right now .
The answer is for a number of different methods of attacking this plan .
Clearly , I favor option 3 .
Under this option , we must urge our State legislators to nullify this and all future health care bills coming from D.C.
We must urge our State to follow the lead of Idaho and sue the federal government ( however , we should also realize that it is unreasonable to expect federal courts to curb federal power ) .
Individuals and groups must follow a similar strategy and file lawsuits against the implementation of this bill .
One good thing about this bill is that many of its provisions do not take effect until 2013 and 2014 , giving us plenty of time to try out various strategies
The important thing here is to not rely on only one strategy .
We must favor a decentralized strategy for fighting this bill for the same reason that we must facor a decentralized system of government .
The consequences of failure in a “ one size fits all ” system are too great .
By fighting a number of separate battles against the bill , we can be sure that the failure of one strategy will not lead to our total failure .
Additionally , the beauty of this strategy is that the success of any one of the single strategies that we are using to fight this bill could result in the death of this bill .
The Constitution was a contract between the States to create a federal government .
In creating the federal government , the Constitution also served as a contract between the States and the federal government .
The Constitution delegated certain powers to the federal government and reserved the remaining powers to the States ( and to the individual people ) .
Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution delegated certain powers to the federal government .
The 9th and 10th amendments to that Constitution placed every power not given to the federal government in the hands of the States and the people .
[ The 9th Amendment reads : “ The enumeration in the Constitution , of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . ” ]
[ The 10th Amendment reads : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ” ]
This is the plain and simple truth .
Anyone who argues that the Constitution must adapt to changing times is ignoring the fact that the Constitution contains the mechanisms for this adaption in the amendment process .
Any expanse of federal power that is not covered by the Constitution or by subsequent amendments is a direct violation of the Constitutional contract .
Thus , if the federal government wanted to lawfully implement a national health care system , Congress and the States would need to ratify a Constitutional Amendment granting this power to the federal government .
A contract obviously cannot be expected to enforce itself –Party A must be vigilant to ensure that Party B does not ignore the provisions of the contract and take advantage of Party A. But , suppose that Party B does take advantage of Party A–what now ?
The States as sovereign actors must do their parts to reject the improper violations of the Constitutional contract by the federal government .
This means that State governments must refuse to implement–or to allow the implementation of –this violation of the Constitutional contract by one party .
An illegal law is no law at all .
A law that expressly violates the Constitutional contract is invalid and can be ignored by the States .
37 of the 50 States are considering bills to nullify this health care bill .
That is , these States are refusing to allow the federal usurpation of local power to continue ( at least in the area of health care ) .
Several days ago , Idaho became the first State to sign a bill into law requiring the State ’s Attorney General to sue to federal government over this bill .
States like Virginia , Arizona , and Utah have also passed nullification bills and are only awaiting the signature of their governor .
Many of these States are considering laws that would lead to the imprisonment of any federal official attempting to enforce any law which is not explicitly authorized under Article 1 , Section 8 of the Constitution .
There has been a long history of nullification to prevent the federal government from implementing unconstitutional or unjust violations of the Constitutional contract .
This history has included but is not limited to the following : attempts by Northern States to nullify the propsed military draft in the War of 1812 and actions by Maryland and Wisconsin to nullify the Fugitive Slave Act ( and to charge anyone who took an escaped slave back into captivity with the crime of kidnapping ) .
More recent examples of nullification include ( but are certainly not limited to ) the nullification of the REAL ID Act by 25 States ( effectively blocking the federal government from implementing a national identification card ) and the nullification of federal marijuana laws by thirteen States .
We can and must apply these same principles to this unwanted health care bill .
Many people have taken time in the last year plus to contact their Congressmen and Senators to tell them to vote against national health care .
This approach has failed , but the fight is far from over .
We can win this fight !
We need to put the pressure on our State officials to consider nullifying this and all other unconstitutional violations of our rights .
Please take some time this week to contact your State representatives to tell them to support nullifying this and any other federal health care bills .
Just as in any contract , one side could not grant himself the right to edit the terms of the contract and do as he pleased , the federal government cannot ignore the terms of the Constitutional contract and do as it pleases .
The States must do all that they can to prevent any further violations of the Constitutional contract by the federal government .
Nullifying unconstitutional laws will show the federal government that the States are serious upholding the Constitutional contract and its balance of power .
The federal government will be less likely to pass unlawful laws if they know that these laws will not be enforced on the State level .
Enough violations of a contract–any contract–by one party eventually render that contract null and void .
If the federal government continues to violate the Constitutional contract and encroach on the domain of the States , the States must reserve the right to peacefully withdraw from the contract and fully control their own affairs .
Americanly Yours ,
Phred Barnet
Please help me promote my site :
Share on Facebook
Become a fan on Facebook
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama 's nominee to head the Transportation Security Administration told Congress on Tuesday he wants U.S. airport security to more closely resemble security at Israeli airports , where officers engage travelers in conversations and questions to determine whether they are a threat to aircraft .
" We should move even closer to an Israeli model where there 's more engagement with passengers , " Robert Harding told members of the Senate Commerce Committee .
Harding , a retired Army major general , said U.S. airport screeners take a one - week course in engaging passengers , and about 2,000 specially trained " behavior detection officers " roam airports looking for suspicious behavior .
" We 've just started to do that at TSA , " he said , adding , " It 's not at the same level being done in Israel . "
" I would look forward to working with my 48,000 ( screeners ) and ensuring that their training goes even further than where we are presently in ' engage ' and move toward the Israeli model of training and drilling .
And I think you would see a change very fast , " he said .
The Israeli system , marked by its aggressive questioning of passengers , is praised by many security experts as one of the most secure in the world .
But it also is criticized by some civil rights and privacy advocates because Israeli officials profile passengers , ask intrusive questions and sometimes prevent people from flying .
At Tuesday 's confirmation hearing , shortened so senators could attend the president 's health care bill signing ceremony , Harding endorsed the use of full - body imagers at airports .
Concerning full - body imagers -- machines that can see through travelers ' clothes -- Harding called them " the best technology that we have right now . "
He said the privacy concerns he had were addressed during a recent inspection of the machines at Reagan National Airport near Washington .
Harding said he visited a viewing booth where screeners view the ghost - like images of travelers .
" As I entered the booth , my phone was taken away from me .
I tested that to see whether or not someone was conscious enough to say , ' This is something that can't be taken into the booth , ' and it was taken away , " he said .
Phones are banned to prevent booth occupants from taking photos of images on the monitors .
Harding said he watched as the security officer in the booth observed an object on a female passenger 's leg .
The booth officer communicated with the checkpoint officer who found " it was something in her pocket that was subsequently removed , " he said .
Harding said he also asked whether screeners could store computer images and was told they could not .
" I 'm not a cyber expert , but I could tell from the way that the computer was configured that there was no storage , " he said .
Finally , Harding said , he was told he could not leave the booth until the woman had left the area , in accordance with the security agency 's policy intended to protect passengers ' privacy .
Harding deferred questions about whether he supports unionization of airport screeners .
Harding said that if he is confirmed , he will conduct an in - depth review and consult with screeners and others before making a recommendation to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on unionizing the work force .
But he would not " bargain away security , " he said , saying any changes would have to allow the Transportation Security Administration the ability to rapidly change workers ' hours to address terrorist threats or attacks .
Obama supported unionization during his presidential campaign .
Harding said his 33 years in the U.S. Army -- most of it in intelligence capacities -- would serve him well as the agency 's administrator .
After leaving the military , Harding in 2003 founded Harding Security Associates , a defense and intelligence contracting business that he sold last year .
Harding said he would " go up and above what normally would be expected of a nominee , " not only recusing himself from any dealings with his former company for one year following its sale , but recusing himself from dealing with any company that Harding Security Associates does business with for that same time frame .
Harding is scheduled to appear Wednesday before the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee for a second confirmation hearing .
THE NEXT TIME YOU THINK YOU ARE HAVING A BAD DAY :
Fire authorities in California found a corpse in a burned out section of
forest while assessing the damage done by a forest fire .
The deceased male
was dressed in a full wet suit , complete with scuba tanks on his back ,
flippers , and facemask .
A post -mortem revealed that the person died not from
burns , but from massive internal injuries .
Dental records provided a positive identification .
Investigators then set
about to determine how a fully clad diver ended up in the middle of a forest
fire .
It was revealed that on the day of the fire , the person went for a
diving trip off the coast some 20 miles from the forest .
The firefighters ,
seeking to control the fire as quickly as possible , called in a fleet of
helicopters with very large dip buckets .
Water was dipped from the ocean and
then flown to the forest fire and emptied .
You guessed it .
One minute our diver was making like Flipper in the
Pacific , the next he was doing the breaststroke in a fire dip bucket 300
feet in the air .
Apparently he extinguished exactly 5 ' 10 " of the
fire .
Some days it just does n't pay to get out of bed .
This article was taken from the California Examiner , March 20 , 1998 .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
STILL THINK YOU ARE HAVING A BAD DAY ?
A man was working on his motorcycle on his patio and his wife was in the
kitchen .
The man was racing the engine on the motorcycle when it
accidentally slipped into gear .
The man , still holding onto the
handlebars , was dragged through the glass patio doors and along with the
motorcycle dumped onto the floor inside the house .
The wife , hearing the
crash , ran into the dining room and found her husband lying on the floor ,
cut and bleeding , the motorcycle lying next to him , and the shattered patio
door .
The wife ran to the phone and summoned the ambulance .
Because they lived
on a fairly large hill , the wife went down the several flights of stairs to
the street to escort the paramedics to her husband .
After the ambulance
arrived and transported the man to the hospital , the wife
uprighted the motorcycle and pushed it outside .
Seeing that gas was spilled on the floor , the wife got some paper towels ,
blotted up the gasoline , and threw the towels in the toilet .
The man was
treated and released to come home .
Upon arriving home , he looked at the
shattered patio door and the damage done to his motorcycle .
He became
despondent , went to the bathroom , sat down on the
toilet and smoked a cigarette .
After finishing the cigarette , he flipped
it between his legs into the toilet bowl while seated .
The wife , who was
in the kitchen , heard the loud explosion and her husband screaming .
She
ran into the bathroom and found her husband lying on the floor .
His trousers
had been blown away and he was suffering burns on the buttocks , the back of
his legs , and his groin .
The wife again ran to the phone to call the ambulance .
The very same
paramedic crew was dispatched and the wife met them at the street .
The
paramedics loaded the husband onto the stretcher and began carrying him to
the street .
While they were going down the stairs to the street accompanied by the
wife , one of the paramedics asked the wife how the husband had burned
himself .
She told them and the paramedics started laughing so hard , one of
them slipped and tipped the stretcher , dumping the husband out .
He fell down
the remaining stairs and broke his arm .
Taken from a Florida Newspaper .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
STILL HAVING A BAD DAY ?
Just remember , it could be worse .....
The average cost of rehabilitating a seal after the Exxon Valdez oil spill
in Alaska was $ 8,000 .
At a special ceremony , two of the most expensively
saved animals were released back into the wild amid cheers
and applause from onlookers .
A minute later , in full view , a killer
whale ate them both .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A psychology student in New York rented out her spare room to a carpenter in
order to nag him constantly and study his reactions .
After weeks of
needling , he snapped and beat her with an axe leaving her
mentally retarded .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A woman came home to find her husband in the kitchen , shaking frantically
with what looked like a wire running from his waist towards the electric
kettle .
Intending to jolt him away from the deadly current she whacked him
with a handy plank of wood by the back door , breaking
his arm in two places .
Until that moment he had been happily listening to
his Walkman .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Two animal rights protesters were protesting at the cruelty of sending pigs
to a slaughterhouse in Bonn Germany .
Suddenly the pigs , all two thousand of
them , escaped through a broken fence and stampeded , trampling the two
hapless protesters to death .
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
And finally .......
Iraqi terrorist , Khay Rahnajet , did n't pay enough postage on a letter bomb .
It came back with " return to sender " stamped on it .
Forgetting it was the
bomb , he opened it and was blown to bits .
Your day 's not so bad , is it ?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Another version :
Deep thoughts .... by Jack Handey
The next time you 're having a bad day , imagine this :
You 're a Siamese twin .
Your brother , attached at your shoulder , is gay .
You 're not .
He has a date coming over today .
But you have the only ass .
Feel better now ?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Another one :
Are ya havin ' a Bad Day ????
Well , then , consider this ...............................
In a hospital ' s Intensive Care Unit , patients always died in
the same bed , on Sunday morning , at about 11:00 a.m. ,
regardless of their medical condition .
This puzzled the doctors and some even thought it had
something to do with the supernatural .
No one could solve the
mystery as to why the deaths occurred around 11:00 a.m. on
Sunday , so a worldwide team of experts was assembled to
investigate the cause of the incidents .
The next Sunday morning , a few minutes before 11:00 a.m. , all
of the doctors and nurses nervously waited outside the ward to
see for themselves what the terrible phenomenon was all about .
Some were holding wooden crossses , prayer books , and other holy
objects to ward off the evil spirits .
Just when the clock struck 11:00 , Pookie Johnson , the part - time
Sunday sweeper , entered the ward and unplugged the life support
system so he could use the vacuum cleaner .
Having a Bad Day ????
The average cost of rehabilitating a seal after the Exxon
Valdez Oil spill in Alaska was $ 80,000.00 .
At a special
ceremony , two of the most expensively saved animals were being
released back into the wild amid cheers and applause from
onlookers .
A minute later , in full view , a killer whale ate them
both .
Still think you are having a Bad Day ????
A woman came home to find her husband in the kitchen shaking
frantically , almost in a dancing frenzy , with some kind of wire
running from his waist towards the electric kettle .
Intending
to jolt him away from the deadly current , she whacked him with
a handy plank of wood , breaking his arm in two places .
Up to
that moment , he had been happily listening to his Walkman .
STILL think you ' re having a Bad Day ????
Two animal rights defenders were protesting the cruelty of
sending pigs to a slaughterhouse in Bonn , Germany .
Suddenly ,
all two thousand pigs broke loose and escaped through a broken
fence , stampeding madly .
The two helpless protesters were trampled to death .
What ??
STILL having a Bad Day ????
Iraqi terrorist Khay Rahnajet didn ' t pay enough postage on a
letter bomb .
It came back with " Return to Sender " stamped on
it .
Forgetting it was the bomb , he opened it and was blown
to bits .
There now , feeling better ????
The former wife of a top barrister today won a lump sum payment of £ 215,000 from the husband she divorced in 1985 .
Philippa Vaughan asked the Court of Appeal to reverse a ruling by a High Court judge who refused her application for a lump sum payment after her £ 27,175 - a- year maintenance was discharged last year .
David Vaughan QC , an expert on European law , had been paying her maintenance since 1991 and had applied to the High Court when he faced a reduced income because of retirement .
Allowing her appeal , Lord Justice Wilson said the High Court judge was " plainly wrong " to conclude that Mrs Vaughan could adjust without undue hardship to the ending of the husband 's periodical payments .
Richard Anelay QC made his ruling in the Family Division on the understanding that Mrs Vaughan had no children and her desire to leave a legacy to a niece would be covered by the value of her home .
" In my view , it is invidious for the court to try to analyse a person 's relationships in order to seek to measure the extent of reasonable expectations of benefit under her or his estate , " said Lord Justice Wilson .
Mrs Vaughan , 66 , an expert on Islamic and Indian art but who now has no earned income , lives alone in a four - bedroom house in Hammersmith , west London , worth £ 1,091,000 .
She was married to Mr Vaughan for 13 years .
Mr Vaughan , 71 , remarried after his divorce and lives with his 56 - year - old wife , Leslie , in North Kensington , west London , in a house worth £ 4,365,000 .
They have two children at university .
Nicholas Mostyn QC , representing him at the Appeal Court hearing earlier this month , told the three judges that Mr Vaughan 's first wife was claiming that his pension pot should be included in assets available to her .
Mr Mostyn said the fund , which could generate up to £ 100,000 a year , did not exist during his first marriage and was set up during his second marriage .
He said Mr Vaughan 's second wife was entitled to half of it and to argue that the fund should be available to support Philippa Vaughan " would mean the second wife would be chipping in to the maintenance of the first wife " .
Philippa Vaughan had been asking for a £ 560,000 lump sum but reduced her claim to £ 341,000 .
The ruling today gave her £ 215,000 to be paid by July 2010 and , until then , periodical payments of £ 14,000 a year backdated to November 2009 .
Lord Justice Wilson said : " In my view , the judge in the present case wrongly gave priority to the claims of the second wife . "
He said that , whatever the length of the second marriage in relation to the first , however substantial the contributions made by the second wife to it and whatever the extent to which the pension fund was built up during the second marriage , it was " illogical " for the judge to attribute one half of the pension income to the second wife .
The judges were told at the hearing by Christopher Wagstaffe , representing Mrs Vaughan , that the husband 's overall wealth was more than £ 5 million and he had an income in " six figures " .
In a statement after the ruling , Mrs Vaughan said : " I am relieved that finally justice has prevailed .
Court orders and first wives cannot be swept aside at the whim of the rich and powerful .
" David Vaughan is a wealthy and successful QC and part - time judge .
In 1991 , an order was made which provided me with a modest but vital income for life .
" He initiated this case to set aside that order , on the grounds that he no longer wished to pay .
He refused to negotiate a lump sum compensation and I found myself drawn into this process against my will .
" David engaged the services of top advocate Nicholas Mostyn QC , who has previously represented Paul McCartney and other high profile clients .
The court was subsequently informed that he was acting pro bono for David .
" I therefore felt obliged to instruct a similarly high calibre advocate , thereby incurring great financial risk .
" They led an aggressive case of attrition , no doubt hoping I would give up .
However , it was the knowledge that I was also fighting on behalf of others in a similar situation which has kept me going .
" It has been a terrible two years .
The whole system seemed to be positioned against me .
I was being bled of energy and resources .
The High Court decided entirely in favour of David and criticised my costs .
Zhang Ruifang , 101 , of Henan province in China , appears to have a horn growing on the left side of her forehead .
Another is reportedly sprouting on the right side , according to the Daily Mail .
I know , I know , the Daily Mail … but look at that horn .
Just look at it .
From the Daily Mail :
Although , it is unknown what the protrusion is on Mrs Zhang 's head , it resembles a cutaneous horn .
This is a funnel - shaped growth and although most are only a few millimetres in length , some can extend a number of inches from the skin .
Cutaneous horns are made up of compacted keratin , which is the same protein we have in our hair and nails , and forms horns , wool and feathers in animals .
They usually develop in fair - skinned elderly adults who have a history of significant sun exposure but it is extremely unusual to see it form protrusions of this size .
The growths are most common in elderly people , aged between 60 and the mid-70s .
They can sometimes be cancerous but more than half of cases are benign .
How sophisticated is the Conservatives ' digital strategy ?
If you 've stumbled on the ' Cash Gordon ' campaign you'd be forgiven for thinking the party has conjured an elite squad of internet wizards out of the ether .
It certainly looks very slick .
The Conservatives ' official blog yesterday revealed the Cash Gordon campaign attacking the Prime Minister 's links to the Unite union , and encouraging supporters to earn ' action points ' by reading , donating or tweeting about the campaign , which is built around Facebook Connect .
Which is all very clever .
But if this all seems a little too slick - it is probably because the site is based on an off - the - shelf template developed by a US anti-healthcare lobbyist .
In the words of @wdjstraw : " Tory #cashgordon campaign brought to you by the team that tried to scupper US healthcare reform .
# ToryFail "
Compare cash - gordon.com with noenergytax.com .
( Not , as I first said , with Operation Waiting Game , which is rallying supporters against President Obama 's healthcare reforms ) :
Cash Gordon , reports Political Scrapbook , also hosted beside campaign sites Hands Off , which aggregates tweets against healthcare reforms , Americans for the Military 's petition against homosexuals in the armed forces and , just for good measure , the Heritage Foundation 's attacks against carbon trading legislation .
All perfect right - wing bedfellows , but perhaps a little unseemly for the Cameron machine .
Political Scrapbook claims the site cost $ 15,000 , which makes it a fairly expensive decision : " Contrived to herd visitors through a linear series of actions , Cash Gordon rewards users with a system redolent of primary school ' merit points ' .
Once you 've read Michael Gove 's bonkers " new militant tendency " speech ( described by the FT as " lazy politics " ) you receive a gold sticker – oh sorry – 25 points .
Helping to bombard Charlie Whelan with hectoring tweets ( straight out of the # kerryout playbook ) gets you 20 points . "
@BeauBodOr " Like the fact you get 50 % extra points if you 're a non-dom on the # cashgordon website . "
We do n't think that 's true , but then again ...
And lastly , whoever cobbled together the rent - a - crowd site decided not to moderate tweets with the hashtag #cashgordon .
Cue carnage :
@ OllyBeat " All tweets with #cashgordon appear on Tory campaign website .
The sh*t door is open and the nutters are pouring in .
See you there ... "
• Update : And ... cash - gordon.com has been taken down .
It now redirects back to conservatives.com .
But only after the mischief - makers discovered not only that were Tweets unmoderated but the page was accepting code that let the page be hacked and redirected .
Remarkably , the site stayed up long enough for the situation to escalate from uncomplementary tweets and very naughty language to an amusing picture of ' Dave ' Cameron and eventually the inevitable Rickroll / porn hack .
As well as a redirect to the Labour Party site .
Bet you wo n't see an unmoderated hashtag on conservatives.com for a while .
The arrest in Turkey last week of more than 40 people for their alleged involvement in fixing football matches has added weight to the suspicion that this is an epidemic in European football that the authorities are struggling to control .
Indeed , when police in Germany arrested 15 people last November , accusing them of having fixed more than 200 games , the man leading the prosecution said this was only the tip of the iceberg .
David Goldblatt has been investigating .
Show less
When this picture of Louis Vuitton 's most recent show cast was posted by LOVE , it was unexpectedly linked on Reddit .
Predictably , the majority of the 1700 + comments left by Reddit 's overwhelmingly male readership are rabid criticisms of the women 's looks .
Advertisement
" There 's a few lookers in there , but most of them look like aliens , " wrote one of the nicer ones .
There was a ready supply of coke jokes , cheeseburger jokes , coke - and - cheeseburger jokes .
And then yet more cracks about heroin , meth , and sandwiches .
This kind of commentary is hardly uncommon .
Whenever a model is mentioned in the news , reams of commenters — presumably male — immediately appoint themselves to judge her " hotness . "
And they always find it lacking .
It 's almost cute the way they seem to imagine their opinions matter .
So let them criticize .
That 's kind of the point .
Modeling is just one of the many areas of the fashion industry that does not give much consideration to men and their alleged needs .
It is not created or intended to serve men's tastes .
Although the modeling industry obviously suffers from some significant blind spots — it is generally ageist , size - ist , and racist , for starters — with those handicaps acknowledged , I have always felt that fashion still represents a fairly extraordinary diversity of female beauty .
What these men are remarking on — the wide - set eyes , the strong noses , the high foreheads — is merely fashion 's long - established tendency to find and glorify the most unusual good looks , rather than the interchangeably pretty , thin - but - curvy , pneumatic appearances that are validated by beer ads and Maxim throughout the West .
Models can't be merely pretty ; pretty does n't cut it .
Fashion sends the message that it is better to look interesting .
It 's frankly true that many models are not necessarily " attractive , " which is a passive word and a poor synonym for beautiful , anyway .
" Attractiveness " as a concept practically contains the male gaze .
In what other context than high fashion would a woman like Ranya Mordanova , with her milk - pale skin and black bowl cut , be recognized as beautiful ?
Maybe Mariacarla Boscono , who comes in for special criticism on Reddit for her wide - set brown eyes , is n't really " pretty " by the debased standards of that site and its users .
But she is beautiful .
And while she might not cut it in a Budweiser ad , I 'm glad fashion values her striking appearance .
Advertisement
And a few things : one , these are reference photos taken from fittings for a runway show .
They are casual snapshots , most likely taken with a point - and - shoot by someone whose full - time job is not photography .
I 'm saying this not because I think the women pictured here look " bad " — I 'm saying this because anyone who would take these photos as a totally , 100 % faithful representation of what these women " really " look like ( i.e. " busted " ) is a fool who does n't understand that all photography is a manipulation of reality .
They are no more " real " than the candid , unretouched photographs of these same women that were taken by professionals with professional - grade equipment during the actual Louis Vuitton show or the retouched editorial photos that make it into fashion magazines .
They are different .
That 's all .
Fashion is an industry dominated by women .
The workforce is majority female .
Fashion magazines and women 's magazines are largely interchangeable as categories .
We out - spend men on fashion and beauty products more than two - to - one .
And while it 's true that industries can become female - dominated in part because of discrimination and lack of alternative opportunities , and that female - dominated sectors tend to be more poorly paid than similar male - dominated professions , I happen to believe that part of the reason why fashion is of interest to so many women — and also , why we feel so betrayed when fashion disappoints us — is that women feel a sense of ownership of it .
Fashion is ours .
I do n't mind at all that some men — maybe even many men — do n't " get " what 's impressive about an Avedon photograph of a skinny girl in a couture dress .
I can say this :
The opinions of a bunch of Reddit users will not enter into Marc Jacobs ' and his casting director 's consciousness when they set about assembling next season 's runway cast .
Men and their tastes dictate so much in this world , but this is one thing they do n't get a say in .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Obviously , the male - friendly Marilyn Monroe beauty standard was unattainable for most women .
The thinner , taller , and more eccentric beauty standard of contemporary high fashion is just as rigid and remote .
But while most girls who like fashion will never have Karlie Kloss 's build , some of them may have her quirky eyebrows , or her ears .
Or they may have a cleft chin , like Angela Lindvall's .
Or wide - set eyes , like Jourdan Dunn .
Or freckles , like Caroline Trentini .
Or short hair like Alek Wek's .
Or Lara Stone 's square jaw .
All those features are things those Redditors are calling flaws — but I like that fashion calls them beautiful .
In a world where our appearance , and our performance of our gender , is policed in so many different ways , I 'd argue that it 's valuable that one of the main engines of women 's representation at least has the inclination to recognize a wide array of beauty .
Editorial photography tends to highlight models ' particular physical idiosyncrasies , and the effect is generally one of celebration rather than censure .
Fashion has proven its appetite for difference , for the proudly abnormal ; it just needs to set its parameters a little bit wider , to find aesthetic interest in different body shapes and in different races and in women over the age of , say , 20 .
Anyone who 's ever been made to feel like she looked " weird , " though , may already identify with plenty of the imagery fashion generates .
Seriously , these women look bloody fantastic .
Because they are unusual , not in spite of it .
Advertisement
Vuitton Heads [ LOVE Blog ]
Those Are n't Mugshots .
Just Louis Vuitton Models Without Makeup . [ Reddit ]
Estimated reading time — 5 minutes
Hi , I ’m Seth .
I ’m writing this note , bottling it , and tossing it in the brook by my house .
Writing helps me keep my sanity .
Hopefully somebody who still reads will pick it up and come help me .
It started a month ago .
I was down in my basement office on my computer watching old Mystery Science Theater 3000 reruns .
The phone rang next to me , but I did n’t pay any attention to it .
It was never for me ; on the off occasion it was , it was usually my brother , and half the time we were on the phone my nephew would be trying to grab it and talk to me himself .
Mom yelled down the stairs that the phone was for me .
Yeah , I lived at home with my folks .
Sue me .
Anyway , I picked up .
“ Hello ? ” I said , paying more attention to the antics of the robots on the screen .
“ It ’s begun . ”
The voice was little more than a whimper , a plea .
I did n’t even recognize the voice .
“ Excuse me ? ” I asked , wondering who on earth was calling .
“ They ’ve come , I do n’t have much time , Jeff ; you told me to call if what we did caused trouble . ”
Now a little worried , I said , “ I think you ’ve got the wrong number , this is Seth , not Jeff . ”
“ DON ’T GO OUTDOORS ! ”
The person shrieked .
Completely freaked out , I disconnected the call .
Must ’ve been some prank caller , but I was n’t amused .
Rattled , I put the matter behind me .
Much later , I finished watching videos and shut the lights off to head upstairs .
It was pitch black , but I knew the way .
The dark seemed a little more oppressive this time , though .
I shrugged off the feeling and went upstairs .
As I passed through the living room , I chanced a look out the window .
There were people outside , on a walk or something ; I checked my watch and it said 3:00 am .
“ That ’s weird , ” I muttered .
I stumbled up to my upstairs room and drifted off to sleep .
I was a fool that first night .
If I ’d recognized what I ’d seen , I would have saved myself the terror and just stepped outside .
The next morning , the news was on ; odd , since my dad usually turned to the sports channel before we went off to work .
I did n’t even glance at it as I threw on a tie and stumbled into the bathroom .
An uneasy feeling crept into my gut as I did my morning routine .
I usually had to fight for bathroom space , but today there was n’t a sound .
I peeked out of the room and saw that the front door was open , but the glass storm door was n’t .
There was n’t a sound .
Looking outdoors , I saw those same people as I ’d seen the night before .
I opened the door .
Immediately their heads snapped towards me .
I recoiled and leapt inside as quickly as I could , feeling something catch at my ankle as I did so .
Their faces were fixed in expressionless gazes , their mouths slightly agape and dripping blood .
I looked down and saw one right next to the porch , withdrawing its arm ; it had tried to grab me .
With a dizzying feeling of horror , I recognized my little brother .
Slamming the door , I locked it tight and stumbled back into the living room .
The television was reporting that a disease was spreading south from Canada across the U.S. I shut it off , and pointlessly called out to see if anyone else was in the house .
No answer .
So began my solitary existence .
The news ran for a few days , before they were caught .
Kept making the stupidest mistake , going home every night .
The electricity has stayed running ; I guess someone left the switch on at the factory .
Or maybe it ’s just northern New England that ’s been overrun , I dunno .
The internet ’s been out too , so that ’s annoying .
While the news was running , they called them zombies , going back to that old standby .
I guess it works .
I mean , they do n’t do a whole lot , and they ’re definitely dead ; they walk around until their legs rot out from under them , then they crawl until they literally fall to pieces .
While they ’ve got legs , though , they ’re fast .
That ’s how they jumped my family , I suppose .
And the police car that drove up to the house to see if there were any survivors .
That was n’t fun to look at every morning .
They overturned my car while chasing him , so I ’m stuck .
Cops to the rescue again .
They did n’t really need food , so they did n’t finish eating the poor guy .
But they dismembered him ; that ’s why he could n’t get up and join them .
I could see him gnashing his teeth fruitlessly , though .
For about a week , a guy on the radio hopefully pointed out that they were falling to pieces , so all we needed to do was wait them out .
Then he got impatient , went outdoors .
Nobody ’s been on the radio for two weeks .
I ’m in trouble , though .
You see , the house has no food left .
I ca n’t wait for them to all to fall down dead all over again .
I ’ve made a couple expeditions to the general store .
Lucky I had that sword collection upstairs .
They ’re all too slow to catch me when I run , but there are so many that I sometimes panic .
Last time , they nearly got me .
I broke the front door getting back in ; now the cold seeps in every night , and I can see one standing out on the porch right now , not ten feet from where I ’m writing this .
You ’re safe indoors .
Do n’t ask me why they abhor coming inside .
Whatever the reason , it ’s been my lifeline .
Unfortunately , they seem to know that there ’s someone alive in the house .
Do n’t ask me how ; this fellow on the front step does n’t even have eyes anymore .
Maybe they can hear a heartbeat , or smell sweat .
Or blood .
I spent a couple days naming them .
Some of the faces I recognized , and gave their old names to them .
The same old gang ’s been hanging around here for the last few weeks , slowly dropping in number as they fall to pieces .
They ’ve never wandered off , though .
There ’re 79 who were once men and 63 who were once women out there .
Once , just to see what would happen , I shot one in the head with our shotgun .
You know , to see if the old “ shoot a zombie in the head and they die for good ” adage had any truth .
So I ’ve actually got 79 who were once men , 62 who were once women and 1 who was once a woman and decided to keep standing even after losing about 80 % of its head .
And I ’m down one shotgun shell .
So they wait .
And I ’m losing it .
I talk to myself constantly , and I ate a stuffed animal last night .
The cotton went down hard , but it felt good to have something in my stomach again .
There are no fruit trees around , and anyway , it ’s November .
Water has been getting scarcer .
The tap water stopped working eight days ago ; lucky I ’d filled the bathtub and every bottle I could find before it stopped .
Oh , great .
Now the lamp ’s getting brighter and I hear a buzzing sound .
I wonder if the power ’s going ou
Well , that was n’t fun .
Total loss of power for four days .
Ever try sleeping in the dark knowing that there are things just outside that ’ll kill you and make you one of them the first chance they get ?
Probably , since these things are everywhere , as far as I can tell .
Quick update : I mentioned Herschel , that guy on my porch ?
One of his legs fell off , so he ’s sitting down , sniffing at it .
Thank God they lose all higher brain functions .
I ’m pretty sure the soul is n’t held captive in these things , and that this is all the disease ( or whatever ) trying to spread itself as far as it can in the population .
I do n’t know if you ’ve noticed this , reader , but the animals just do n’t seem affected .
It ’s a small comfort .
Of course , they die if they eat the flesh , but they do n’t get back up once they die .
Weird , huh ?
I ’m getting hungry , and desperate .
Maybe , just maybe , I can load the old .22 and bag a squirrel from inside .
But how will I go get it ?
On one hand , I ’m a bit more optimistic that you ’re out there now , whoever you are .
The power could n’t have come back if there were n’t people out there working to restore order .
I ’m feeling lucky ; time to grab a sword and go drop this in the brook .
Maybe this whole thing is almost over .
Maybe .
On the other hand , if it is almost over …
Why are there fresh faces outside today ?
—
Credited to Master Kenobi .
Please wait ...
Animal experimentation is horrible and terrible .
Even in the most ethical of studies suffering is inflicted upon animals that otherwise would not have happened ; entire genotypes of animals doomed to additional suffering have been bred in some cases .
But the alternative is far worse : to not perform these animal studies , or rather for some privileged group to use force to prevent others from performing such studies , and so bring progress in medicine to a grinding halt .
Without animal studies there would be no new meaningful advances in medical science .
It is a harsh and unpleasant aspect of the human condition that forcing suffering upon animals in the course of scientific studies is necessary to advance both human and veterinary medicine .
A few suffer for the benefit of many - an equation that should make any sane and compassionate person uncomfortable .
Animal studies are even required to refine the science needed to move beyond animal studies .
Ethics and morality aside , studies employing animals are expensive and time - consuming .
Given the choice , scientists would much rather experiment on cells in a dish , or on slabs of unfeeling cultured tissue , or upon simulations of animals , if these methods would generate results of the same quality .
For example :
It ’s possible that animal testing , which is required for health and medical products , could be done using tissue generated from stem cells [ and ] not living creatures .
The research by professor Amit Gefen of Tel Aviv University could put lab rats out of work ( and harm ’s way ) .
His investigation of fat cells , published in Tissue Engineering , suggests that tissue needed for experiments can be produced using fat , skin , bone and muscle cells .
Gefen uses adult rat stem cells to create the tissues he needs for his own work on the mechanical properties of pressure ulcers .
In comparison to what might be and what is possible , we live in a barbaric age of suffering , war , death , and sundry other horrors that we like to keep behind the curtains and out of the mind 's eye .
But barbaric as it is , this age is far better than the past by all such measures .
We no longer absolutely , definitely need to slaughter animals for food to sustain the populace , for example , and rates of violence between humans are far lower than in the pre-modern era of tribes and universal poverty .
The option stands open today for a society of vegetarians : it is practical from a technological and economic standpoint .
That we have not moved rapidly in that direction is our shame , and our descendants will look back on us as savages for this and many other reasons .
Those people who criticize and take action against the use of animals in medical research should first look to their diets , and then to the practice of farming animals .
Vast and expansive animal suffering is caused in the name of putting meat into the marketplace - greater many times over each month than in all the animal experiments in modern history .
Persuade the omnivores of the human race to relinquish their participation in the meat market before savaging the medical science that will benefit both man and beast .
In short , the human condition is a rotted , cloying swamp , but we 're closer to the edge than we were - no longer up to our necks in it , we now have the luxury of finding more of our surroundings to be disgusting and primitive .
The way out to solid ground is forward , through more of the same , until our biotechnology becomes good enough to do away with the suffering we must inflict upon animals in order to build better medicine .
Perhaps along the way , societies will arise whose members also reject the needless suffering we presently choose to inflict upon animals in order to eat the same diet as our ancestors .
Enlarge By Frederick M. Brown , Getty Images Actress Betty
White , 88 , will be the oldest host on NBC 's long - running late - night show .
MARCH TV CALENDAR MARCH TV CALENDAR WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
Saturday Night Live .
Facebook has gotten Betty
White the gig she never asked for : host of The 88 - year - old actress , beloved by generations of TV fans , will host NBC 's late - night veteran May 8 .
The Mother 's Day episode also will feature a reunion of six former female cast members , most of them moms : Tina Fey , Amy Poehler , Molly Shannon , Maya Rudolph , Ana Gasteyer and Rachel Dratch .
SNL executive producer Lorne Michaels says he has " always wanted "
White to host .
" Years ago , I turned it down three times , " White says .
" It 's so New York , and I 'm not New York at all .
" But my agent said he 'd divorce me if I did n't do it , and I love my agent . "
( That agent , Jeff Witjas , says he was only joking , but " it 's perfect timing for her career right now .
I said , ' Do it now , or when you 're 95 . ' " )
But it was n't the legacy of White 's Emmy - winning roles as the cutting happy homemaker Sue Ann Nivens on The Mary Tyler Moore Show or naive Rose Nylund on The Golden Girls that nabbed her the gig .
Nor was it the lifetime achievement award from the Screen Actors Guild in January , or last year 's role as Ryan Reynolds ' crazy grandma in The Proposal .
It was her appearance in a Super Bowl candy commercial in which she 's tackled in the mud by a football player .
The spot topped USA TODAY's Ad Meter poll and lit a fuse on a Facebook campaign , where a " Betty White to Host SNL ( please ? ) ! " group — started in late December — has attracted nearly half a million members .
" It took on a groundswell , " Michaels says , loath to admit he was goaded into casting her .
" It is n't something we would have said no to , " but the campaign " validated that , ' Oh , that 'd be fun . ' ...
It was the outpouring of affection from fans , and we feel the same way . "
The fan who started it , David Mathews , 29 , of San Antonio says he has " never considered myself to be a super fan of anything , but if there was somebody to be a super fan of , it would be Betty White . "
He 's not even a big SNL watcher , but the idea " came up over the holidays " and took hold .
" She 's been in most of your life , whether you 're 70 years old or 17 . "
Michaels says that as the live show 's oldest host , she can perform " as much as she wants to do " but adds that the physical demands of the show led him to plan the cast reunion , though make no mistake :
White is the solo host .
She 's flattered and flabbergasted by the attention : " It 's lovely , and at my age it 's certainly unexpected . "
And she 's not worried about the workload : " I 've got so much energy , it 's ridiculous .
I love working .
My schedule is a feverish one , and I 'm used to that . "
White has no children of her own , though she counts her golden retriever , Pontiac , as one .
But , Michaels says , " she 's the mother of us all in comedy , so it will be a celebration of Betty White . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As Dave Neiwert has so often documented , the online right wing communities are a breeding ground for rage directed at the government .
But you know what I find fascinating ?
That these angry " patriots " are taking out low - level employees , plain old working people doing their job .
In other words , the very same philosophy al Qaeda used to justify the World Trade Center attacks on civilians .
Interesting , huh ?
The setting was seemingly random : an outer gate at the Pentagon at evening rush hour .
But John Patrick Bedell 's violent rampage Thursday made him only the latest in the growing ranks of the disaffected and disturbed to take aim at a symbol of official Washington .
The shooting contained jarring echoes of other recent attacks , from last month 's plane crash at an IRS building in Texas to the shooting last June of a museum guard at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum in the District .
Although the circumstances differ greatly , all were acts of rage by men who blamed their personal misfortunes on what they perceived to be sinister forces within the government .
All three also appear to have drawn ideological nourishment from the same well : online communities of like - minded people who validate and amplify extreme views .
Today , more than in recent years , such communities are tapping into a broad undercurrent of anti-government discontent fueled by economic recession , joblessness and concern over the growing federal deficit , according to experts who have studied the phenomenon .
For Bedell and others like him , Washington and its institutions are an irresistible target -- the " ultimate symbol of power for the powerless , " said Jerrold Post , a professor of political psychology at George Washington University .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Afternoon everybody
archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:47 ,
hahaha , brilliant
good to see you on here more often of late :) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:48 ,
Nice to be back .
I avoided b3ta as my ( now ex ) girlfriend threw tantrums when I spent any time here .
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:56 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:56 ,
Bet it was the En Pissant move
Have an arf .
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:48 ,
You dirty great punster ;)
spang . ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:49 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:49 ,
Ha ha ha !
Leave some puns for the rest of us you bastard !
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:50 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:50 ,
pfft
you silly ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:53 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:53 ,
Hahaha !
You are a pun grandmaster ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:58 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 12:58 ,
Hehehe ....
Nice one .
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 13:00 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 13:00 ,
Puntasmagorical !
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 13:15 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 13:15 ,
I feel flushed .
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 16:32 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 16:32 ,
Hahaha :D
( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 17:24 , archived ) ( , Mon 12 Apr 2010 , 17:24 ,
genuine lol moment
Thanks for putting a smile on my face :D ( , Tue 13 Apr 2010 , 21:41 , archived ) ( , Tue 13 Apr 2010 , 21:41 ,
Closed Captions category
We 're rolling out closed captions to more shows every week OnDemand .
Check here to see if your favourite show has been added .
A Marriage Strike has been declared by a majority of men and women in order to stop the destruction of the institution of marriage and the devastation of the family unit .
Men and women , in ever increasing numbers are avoiding marriage .
The impediments to a commitment for marriage stem largely from " lifetime alimony . "
Both sexes are not immune , it affects them equally .
On one hand , some are facing financial suicide in the outcome of divorces and want to avoid it while the recipient of alimony fears losing their permanent welfare ticket and avoid marriage since doing so will usually cut off their income .
Along with this , women are now saying that they do n't need men in their lives to raise children .
[ Read this blog about a Times article ]
Believing that goes against generations of families traditions of a husband and wife sharing the responsibilities of raising children .
If you believe that only one parent is necessary , then take a walk down to your nearest police station to get the statistics on how many single - parent families raise responsible children .
The system is badly broken and needs to be fixed immediately as we are facing an unprecedented social crisis .
The present methods to reform the system are now very slow to be implemented and appear to have little promise for a resolution in the near future .
Read about the destruction here in an article by the highly respected author Stephen Baskerville .
Divorces are the result of the breakdown of the family unit in America today .
The Federal government is spending billions of your tax dollars to promote marriages while the State governments have passed legislation to encourage the dissolution of marriages with no -fault divorces .
No - fault divorce laws combined with the liberal benefits normally granted to one of the spouses provides a great " incentive " to the breakup of a marriage .
Divorces can be had with as little as a declaration of " irreconcilable differences " from one of the spouses .
The ease with which this can be accomplished combined with the promise of at least half of the assets , pensions and retirement funds , child support if there are children and a lifetime of alimony welfare support payments are the incentive for a dissatisfied spouse to terminate the marriage with the other spouse picking up the bill .
The divorce rate hovering around 50 % and the number of unmarried households outnumbering the married households supports this view .
In the wake of these no - fault laws comes the legal profession to feed off the divorces and misery caused by a marriage turned sour and which profits them to the tune of billions of dollars annually .
Not only does the legal profession profit , but there is an incentive for the States to facilitate this progress because they profit from this dissolution process by taking advantage of the grants offered to them in their course of overseeing this misery .
In addition , the U.S.A. is spending $ 46 Billion every year on programs caused due to broken families .
If you will notice , the courts in many states are requiring all alimony and child - support payments to be made through a State Disbursement Unit ( DSU ) ( or something similar ) .
From the State 's administration of this system the Federal Government provides grants to the States to cover a portion of their costs .
For example ,
In the fiscal year ending in 1998 , the State of Utah received nearly $ 1.4 Billion from the federal government , of which the lion 's share , $ 907 Million , went to " Human Services " .
This is four and half times as much as was provided for education , and six times what was provided for transportation .
To receive federal money , the State must comply with federal laws establishing unprecedented control over every aspect of family life .
Self - perpetuating Legal System
Reflect on the fact that legislatures are composed largely of lawyers who make the laws affecting your marriage and your life .
These laws are administered by judges who are all attorneys promoted or elected to that position .
Considering the hefty legal fees that they charge and the resulting profits to be made from the adversarial nature of divorces , you can see that the legal profession is a self - perpetuating system and it is to their advantage to encourage all these laws as a matter of job security for themselves .
Ask anyone who has gone through the trauma of a divorce and you will find that not only has a large portion of their finances been devoured by legal fees , but one of the spouses has been placed under a financial hardship for the rest of their lives .
Oftentimes being divorced becomes a matter of FINANCIAL SUICIDE for one of the spouses .
One of the other big tragedies of the divorces have been the loss of meaningful contact with the children who have been taken out of the lives of the non-custodial parent .
The effects of this can be seen not only from the statistics showing the problems in the children adjusting to be responsible citizens when they grow up , but from their attitudes towards society and the moral and ethical standards it is suppose to represent .
The divorce laws , purportedly being gender neutral , apply their divorce laws to not only men but to women as well .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics department figures indicate that over 33 percent of women in households today are the breadwinners of the family earning more than the men .
In fact , more than 10 million married women in the U.S. earn more than their husbands these days , and the number grows each year .
From these statistics , it can be seen that , in the near future , more women will be subjected to paying alimony just as men are now .
You can now see that the ease of getting a divorce combined with the incentives to a spouse , the government and the legal profession are leading to the destruction of the family in our society .
We need to stop this process and to do this we need to get the legislators and the courts to take notice .
We can do this by removing the profit incentive from them .
We need to stop the legal systems that has grown into a symbiotic " professional " economy which has has emerged to " process " divorce , support and custody issues in a complex comparable to the military - industrial complex .
No Marriages Equates To No Divorces
No marriages means no divorces .
No divorces means no legal proceedings ,
No legal proceedings means no attorneys or courts involved in your life .
And all that means that no profits will be made off the divorce process because there will be none .
When there are no profits to be made , only then will they sit up and take notice .
The only way the courts and the legislators will take notice of the inequities of the family law injustice system is if we make our voices heard with a showing of a reduction in the marriage rate .
Only you can make it happen .
Make our voices heard and help stop runaway alimony rulings .
Join in the strike by canceling any plans for marriage and get everyone else you know who is contemplating marriage to do the same .
Efforts are being made by small groups of people who have banded together in an attempt to change the laws through court challenges and passing legislative initiatives .
These attempts are a slow , expensive and time consuming operation with an uncertain outcome .
Efforts to get the media to expose the issue of family law abuse and injustices have been unsuccessful for reasons unknown .
Such groups are :
if you join any organization , join this one .
It will assist you in your fight for alimony reform and to protect your Constitutional right to privacy .
Your Gateway to Alimony and Divorce Information
An Political Action Committee ( PAC ) organization dedicated to making changes to the alimony statutes through legislative initiatives .
Their mission is to promote and assist in the introduction and passage of legislation that would change spousal support laws in Virginia so that they will be brought into conformity with the realities of the modern world .
Movement to organize alimony victims across the country to challenge the constitutionality of alimony
Georgia Alimony Reform - Fighting for alimony reform in GA .
Reform Massachusetts
Alimony : Fighting for alimony reform in MA .
Now Is The Time To Bring It Out In The Open !
The Marriage Strike is already underway and growing .
Up to now , it has not officially been declared but has been sort of an underground movement .
Today is when that movement becomes official and it starts with your involvement !
Pass the word around and get others to join in our strike .
To read more articles showing the ongoing worldwide phenomena of the Marriage Strike click here .
To read some of the victim horror stories that prevail , click here
Attunements
Elementalists quickly adapt to threats by harnessing the power of the elements .
Even their weapon skills change to suit the element they ’re currently attuned to .
Fire Inflict scorching damage on multiple enemies by turning the ground to fire , raining down molten rock from the skies , and more .
Air
By harnessing wind and lightning , elementalists shock foes , stop them in their footsteps , and run as swiftly as the wind itself .
Water Elementalists chill their foes with ice and rejuvenate their allies with the soothing power of water .
Earth
The ground under an elementalist ’s feet can be called to their aid .
They turn flesh to stone , destabilize foes with seismic shocks , or trigger volcanic eruptions .
Spells
As masters of magic , elementalists have access to a variety of spells and cantrips .
People in the southern state of Kerala are the heaviest drinkers in India , and sales of alcohol are rising fast .
The BBC's Soutik Biswas examines why .
Kerala has the highest per capita consumption of alcohol in India Jacob Varghese says he began drinking when he was nine years old , sipping on his father 's unfinished whisky and brandy in glass tumblers .
It 's a terrifying story of a descent into alcoholism for this 40 - year - old health inspector .
At school , he consumed cheap local liquor .
He lived in a haze of alcohol through his teens and dropped out of college .
He lost a job , cut his wrists twice trying to end his life , landed up in rehabilitation centres and at the age of 32 , was reduced to begging on the streets to fund his alcohol habit .
' Lost respect ' " Drinking is a disease in Kerala , " he says , his voice dropping to a whisper .
" I lost my kin , my respect and all my money chasing alcohol .
Everyone encourages you to have it - your friends , the government . "
This was before he was dragged to the local Alcoholics Anonymous chapter by friends .
This , after 17 years of drinking had reduced him to a mental wreck and a pauper .
If you have willpower ... booze will never harm you
NL Balakrishnan
Forum For Better Spirit Mr Varghese has been sober for the past eight years , and is now married with children and holds down a job .
" Many of my friends have not been as lucky .
So many of my drinking buddies died , and others landed up in mental asylums , " he says .
Kerala is India 's tippler country .
It has the highest per capita consumption - over eight litres ( 1.76 gallons ) per person a year - in the nation , overtaking traditionally hard - drinking states like Punjab and Haryana .
Also , in a strange twist of taste , rum and brandy are the preferred drink in Kerala in a country where whisky outsells every other liquor .
Alcohol helps in giving Kerala 's economy a good high - shockingly , more than 40 % of revenues for its annual budget come from booze .
A state - run monopoly sells alcohol .
The curiously - named Kerala State Beverages Corporation ( KSBC ) runs 337 liquor shops , open seven days a week .
Each shop caters on average to an astonishing 80,000 clients .
This fiscal year the KSBC is expected to sell $ 1bn ( £ 0.6 bn ) of alcohol in a state of 30 million people , up from $ 12 m when it took over the retail business in 1984 .
Similarly , revenues from alcohol to the state 's exchequer have registered a whopping 100 % rise over the past four years .
The monopoly is so professionally run that consumers can even send text messages from their phones to a helpline number to record their grievances .
" If we delay opening any of our shops by even five minutes , clients send us text messages saying that they are waiting to buy liquor , " says KSBC chief N Shankar Reddy .
That 's not all .
There are some 600 privately run bars in the state and more than 5,000 shops selling toddy ( palm wine ) , the local brew .
There is also a thriving black market liquor trade .
Spirited defence Despite a growing number of people who demand a ban on the sale and consumption of alcohol , there is an equally spirited group of hard - core drinkers who lobby for cheaper and more widely distributed liquor .
One of them is well - known actor NL Balakrishnan , a veteran of more than 200 films , who launched a lobby group called Forum for Better Spirit in 1983 .
The forum 's manifesto asks the government to provide liquor through the state - subsided public distribution system , boost toddy production , slash prices for elderly drinkers and supply free alcohol to drinkers over 90 .
The jolly and convivial Mr Balakrishnan , 67 , says his father " initiated " him into drinking when he was four .
" We used to go to the cinema together .
After the show was over , he would take me to a toddy shop where he would drink .
He would give me a few spoons of toddy too .
It was an amazing experience , " he says .
He says when his father died at the ripe age of 98 after a " lifetime of heavy drinking " , he wet his lips with liquor and not holy water , as is the Hindu custom .
There are over 5,000 toddy shops in the state ( Photo : AS Satheesh ) Mr Balakrishnan says that on his average day out with his drinking buddies he downs 22 shots of his favourite brandy - and " never has any problems " .
" If you have willpower and have enough food to go with your drink , booze will never harm you , " he says cheerily .
But drinking is killing a lot of people and exacting a heavy social cost , say doctors and activists .
Rising numbers of divorces in Kerala are linked to alcohol abuse .
Johnson J Edayaranmula , who runs the Alcohol and Drug Information Centre , a leading NGO , puts the figure as high as 80 % .
And the majority of road deaths in the state - nearly 4,000 during 2008 - 2009 - are due to drink driving , he says .
Hospitals and rehab centres are packed with patients suffering from alcohol - related diseases .
' Societal problem '
The situation is so grim that , ironically , the KSBC itself is planning to open a hospital specialising in treating alcohol - related problems .
It also runs a campaign to combat alcohol abuse .
But why do people in Kerala drink so heavily ?
Jacob Varghese says it is a " societal problem " - what he possibly means is that drinking liquor is almost a social rite of passage , taken very seriously .
But he elaborates other , perhaps more important , reasons - high unemployment , easy access to alcohol and the fact that drinking has become a " part of upwardly mobile living " .
Most activists believe that " prohibition " is not the solution - it just drives buyers and sellers underground .
" The solution possibly lies in introducing drinks with mild alcohol content .
And since drinking is also a cultural problem , people need to be made aware of the havoc that alcohol can wreak on their lives , " says Mr Edayaranmula .
Until then alcohol will continue to dominate the lives of many of Kerala 's people - and boost its exchequer 's finances .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You may remember Kina Grannis .
In 2008 , she won a singing contest .
Made a video watched by 97 million Super Bowl fans .
And got a record contract with Interscope Records – home of the Black Eyed Peas and No Doubt .
Overnight , the Mission Viejo waitress ’s wildest dreams came true , right ?
Well , not exactly .
Two Super Bowls later : No CD .
No tour .
No Big Splash .
“ Every time I told someone what I did , ” says Grannis , 24 , sipping coffee in a West Hollywood Starbucks , “ they were like , ‘ You did what ?
You ’re crazy . ' ”
Instead of a major tour , her career took a major detour .
Or did it ?
MESSAGE FROM HER HEART
When her song aired during Super Bowl XLII , Grannis says , “ My heart almost fell out of my body .
I broke down for like five minutes , hugging people and just crying . ”
The next day , her face adorned full - page ads in USA TODAY .
And her song , “ Message From Your Heart , ” – recorded in one take in front of her laptop computer – shot into the iTunes Top 30 .
Her euphoria lasted three months .
That ’s when her label suggested their songwriters help Grannis write an album .
“ While it could ’ve been a nice album , ” she says , “ I already had an entire album written .
Those songs meant a lot to me . ”
And not just her .
They meant a lot to “ Kination , ” her legion of 140,000 online fans , who ’ve made her the 31st “ most - subscribed to ” YouTube musician of all time .
Ahead of U2 , Mariah Carey , Kelly Clarkson .
And based , almost entirely , on songs recorded at home , in front of her laptop computer .
Grannis felt torn .
In one hand , she held hundreds of thousands of dollars in big - time backing – instant fame .
In the other , she held a thin stack of her own songs .
She asked her online fans for advice .
Play your own music , they said .
We ’re behind you 100 percent .
Grannis took that as a message … from her heart .
And walked away from a major label .
GOING IT ALONE
Crumpled posters .
It is four days before her CD - release party – already postponed five times .
But if she does n’t fix this shipping problem herself , fans will get crumpled $ 10 posters .
“ It ’s all up to me now , ” she says .
Actually , it ’s up to her , her sisters and parents , who help with everything .
“ I call ( sister ) Emi when I want to cry , ” Grannis says .
“ And I call my parents when I have a decision to make . ”
She reads more than 200 fan e-mails a day .
Writes 100 .
She Tweets .
Facebooks .
Blogs .
YouTubes .
Posts homemade music videos with Happy Birthdays and shout - outs to fans .
She ’s nurtured an intensely personal relationship with her fans , but the more popular she gets , the more exacting its price .
“ Lately , I ’ve had zero time for music , ” she says .
“ I need every second to make this the most successful release it can be . ”
She spent her life savings to record the new CD , “ Stairwells . ”
With it came a flood of self - doubts for the singer who chose to go it alone .
“ What if I spent all this time and money and it ’s not any good ? ” she asks .
“ What if my fans do n’t like the album ? ”
Excuse us , but if you ’ve ever met a “ Kinerd , ” ( and get ready , because you ’re about to ) , well , that ’s one problem she can cross off her list right now .
KINAMANIA !
Two days early , they start flying in from Australia .
Finland .
Canada .
New York .
New Jersey .
Driving up from Vegas and down from the Bay .
This for an unsigned singer who does n’t even have a publicist .
Or a booking agent .
For a singer whose mother baked cookies for the event !
“ Kinerds , ” they call themselves .
And “ Kination . ”
The name tags , goody bags and awards they ’re preparing are for “ KinaCon , ” a convention they ’ve planned around her release party .
“ I know , ” says early arriver Alison Cosker , an Australian university teacher .
“ It sounds like a Star Trek convention .
Or a cult . ”
And at first it does .
These are fans who write Grannis ’s name on school chalkboards – in Poland .
Who play Kina Grannis CDs for passersby – in Paris .
And leave Post -its with her name on trees – in Japan .
But then you hear how they all pitched in to buy a Finnish fan ’s airplane ticket to this week ’s party .
How they send care packages to troops in Iraq and Kuwait .
How they chat online with Grannis ’ mom ( “ Mama G ” ) and dad ( “ Dr. G ” ) and sisters Emi and Misa .
“ I ’ve never met them in person , ” says Army Sgt. Fabian Gloria , in Kuwait , “ but it feels like we ’re best friends . ”
And then there are moments like this …
PART OF THE JOURNEY
“ Bum - bum , ” is the sound of a heart .
Grannis sings this near the end of “ Message From Your Heart . ”
Every time you laugh – bum - bum , bum - bum …
Every time you cry – bum - bum , bum - bum …
“ I remember when I wrote that song , sitting alone in my bedroom , hoping someday people would sing this with me , ” she says .
On Saturday , Feb. 27 , they did – all 300 strong at the Dakota Lounge in Santa Monica .
“ The buildup , the electricity , of waiting for that line , ” recalls Cosker who stood in front .
“ I leaned over the stage and said , ‘ Oh God , this is going to kill me . ’
I could n’t help but cry . ”
Grannis herself could hardly sing the line .
“ I was so overwhelmed with gratitude and excitement , ” she says .
“ There was so much history in that moment . ”
Tucked inside those few heartbeats was an unknown coffee - shop waitress singing in front her laptop computer and , possibly , a star waiting to emerge – on her own terms .
“ It was more than singing along to a song in the car , ” says Cosker .
“ It was part of Kina ’s journey . ”
Within a few days , Grannis ’s self - made CD would hit # 25 on iTunes and debut at # 139 on the Billboard 200 .
With no more promotion than “ kinerds ” writing her name on chalkboards and in the snow and on Post - its left in trees .
“ It felt like the beginning , ” says Cosker .
In more ways than one .
Contact the writer : 714-796-6979 ortberg@ocregister.com
Ca n't Be Unseen
What has been seen can't be unseen .
Once you see these pictures you may never look at the original the same way again .
After all once you see it you can't unsee it .
More disturbing still is the behavior of the Tea Partiers and their fellow - travelers .
Their importance , and certainly their numbers , are absurdly exaggerated by the media .
Why not ?
They make for a great story .
But their capacity for mischief is n't dependent on the existence of vast hordes of like - minded comrades .
Nor even on a coherent set of beliefs : one of the more disturbing things about the Tea Party movement is how ill - defined its credo actually is .
Once you get past the slogans --- many of them drawn verbatim from Fox News talking points --- you look in vain for serious content .
Yes , these people are mad as hell and they are n't going to take it anymore .
No argument there .
But they do n't seem able to define with any precision what " it " is .
Those pictures of Obama with a Hitler mustache , or decorated with a hammer and sickle , or sporting a lipsticked Joker grin , do not exactly suggest a sophisticated understanding of either politics or history , nor a desire to engage in serious forensics .
This very morning on NPR , I heard several interviews Ina Jaffe had conducted with people who had traveled to Searchlight , Nevada , to attend the big weekend Tea Party rally .
One participant said of Harry Reid , " He 's a traitor , really .
He hates America , really . "
( Those " reallys " sure make his inanity more persuasive , do n't they ? )
With someone like that , there is n't much point in sitting down for a frank exchange of views ; reality itself is just a pesky inconvenience to such people .
And if you factor in the recent death threats , and drawings of nooses sent to House and Senate members , and the spitting , and the shouts of " Nigger " and " Faggot , " you begin to grasp that this inchoate anger is all the more dangerous precisely because it is n't wedded to a recognizable set of political principles .
It 's just rage , free - floating and ready to blow .
Rage that 's been cultivated , guided , and validated by some of more irresponsible media stars on the right .
With the shameful assistance and connivance of some elected officials .
Why is this scary ?
Have n't there always been nuts among us ?
Has not the invocation of Richard Hofstadter 's " The Paranoid Style in American Politics " become a trusty , rusty cliche of liberal journalism , especially by those who have n't read it ?
Well , yes .
But for those of us who recall President Clinton 's first term , there is nothing innocuous about this sort of thing .
A similar taint of illegitimacy had been attached to the Clinton presidency in some circles , with all sorts of wild rumors ( no , not those rumors , I 'm talking about ones that were n't true ) given much wider currency than they ever merited .
The flames were similarly fanned by voices in the right - wing media ( some of them the same people who are active and influential today ) , and given official imprimatur by the likes of the late Congressman ( her preferred title ) Helen Chenoweth , who affirmed the existence of black helicopters being flown over Western skies by secret government agents , and Congressman Dan Burton , who famously put a lethal bullet through a cantaloupe to prove Vince Foster had been murdered ( unless the melon had in some way insulted his honor , but if that 's the case , he kept it to himself ) , to President George H. W. Bush , to Pat Buchanan , to Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich .
RED ’s Scarlet appears to be just around the corner and both Sony and Panasonic seem to be responding to the challenge of the upstart photo manufacturers .
No matter what acronym you use – DSMC , HD - DSLR , HDSLR – these hybrid HD video / still photo cameras have grabbed everyone ’s attention .
2010 may indeed be the year that hybrid digital SLR cameras hit their stride .
The Canon EOS 5D Mark II showed the possibilities in late 2008 when Vincent Laforet released Reverie , but like all of these new camera products , the big question was how to best handle the post .
The 5D ( so far ) only shoots video at a true 30 fps – lacking both the filmic 24 fps rate – or any of the video - friendly frame rates ( 29.97 , 25 or 23.976 ) .
That oversight was corrected in Canon ’s EOS 7D and EOS 1D Mark IV models and may soon be corrected by a firmware update to the 5D .
Even so , the 5D has remained a preferred option , because of its low light capabilities and full frame sensor .
Photographers , videographers and filmmakers love the shallow depth - of - field , so a 24p - capable 5D is certainly on many wish lists .
Click the above image to enlarge
Until the 5D gets a 24 fps upgrade [ EDIT : coming in March , download will be here ] , folks in post will have to contend with the 30 fps footage generated by the camera .
Last year I wrote an article on how to post a 5D project , which covers a lot of the basics .
I ’ve since done more 5D projects and formed a number of opinions and workflow tips .
I ’ve picked up many of these from reading Philip Bloom and Bruce Sharpe ( Plural Eyes inventor ) and at the end of this post , I ’ll include a number of useful links .
My first observation on the several 5D projects I ’ve posted is that you get the best results from these new cameras when you treat them like film .
Use classical production methods – slow pans , steady hand - held work , tripods , dollies and record audio as double - system sound .
Secondly , allow time for processing files and syncing sound before you expect to start editing .
35 mm film shoots typically require a day or more between the production day and post for lab processing and film transfer .
The equivalent is true for HDSLRs .
Whether it ’s RED or an HDSLR , you have to become the film lab and transfer house .
Once you wrap your head around that concept , the workflow steps make a lot more sense .
Click the above image to enlarge
I recently cut another Canon 5D Mark II job with Director / DP Toby Phillips .
This was an internet commercial for the wine growers of the Yarra Valley region of Australia .
Yarra Valley is to Australia , what Napa Valley is to California .
Coincidentally , it ’s also the region ravaged by the horrific fires of 2009 .
In order to keep the production light , Toby ’s crew was bare bones and nearly all images were shot under available light – including sodium vapor lighting in warehouse areas .
The creative concept was intended to be tongue - in - cheek .
Real workers discussed why their job was the most important role in winemaking .
The playful interplay between worker comments and winery / vineyard footage round out this :60 commercial .
Production tips
Toby rigged his camera with a modified plate , rails and matte box from his existing film equipment .
This includes Arri and Manfrotto parts modified by Element Technica .
The 5D records passable sound on its own , but it really is n’t ideal for the best quality .
To get around this , a Zoom H4n handheld recorder was used for double - system sound .
The Zoom has XLR inputs for external mics , in addition to its built - in XY - pattern stereo mics .
A Sennheiser shotgun was plugged into the Zoom , which in turn recorded uncompressed 16 - bit / 48 kHz WAV files .
The headphone output of the Zoom was connected to the 5D , so that the camera files always contained reference audio .
There are a number of important tips to note here .
First , there ’s an impedance mismatch in this connection and the 5D uses an AGC circuit to attenuate audio , so the camera file audio will be clipped .
To avoid this , turn down the headphone output level to a very low volume .
Second , because the audio is clipped , if you forget to press record on the Zoom , the 5D ’s audio is NOT acceptable .
Following the traditional approach , a slate with clapstick was used for every sound take .
The Zoom records numbered , sequential files , so the crew also wrote the audio file number on the slate for each take .
These two steps make it easy to identify the correct audio take and to sync audio and video later in post .
Post workflow / pre-processing
This production configuration is n’t too different than shooting with other tapeless video cameras , but post requires a unique workflow .
Key steps include video format conversion , speed adjustment and syncing the sound .
Video conversion – The Canon EOS 5D Mark II records 40 Mpbs H.264 QuickTime movies in a 1920x1080p / 30 fps format .
H.264 is not conducive to smooth editing in its native form .
5D files can be up to 4GB in length ( about 12 minutes ) , but there is no clip - spanning provision , as in P2 or XDCAM .
Where and when you convert the native H.264 camera files depends on your NLE .
With Avid Media Composer , files are converted into Avid ’s MXF format upon import .
The import will be slow , since it ’s also transcoding , but this is a one - step process .
Unfortunately it ties up your NLE , so maybe in the future Avid ’s MetaFuze or AMA will come to the rescue .
I cut with Apple Final Cut Pro , which does permit direct editing with the H.264 files , but you do n’t really want to do that .
I typically convert 5D files into Apple ProRes , using a batch setting in Compressor .
You can use other codecs , of course , like DVCPRO HD , ProRes HQ , ProRes LT , etc. Philip Bloom likes to convert his files to the EX format using MPEG Streamclip .
The reason for EX , according to him , is that the data rate is similar to the 5D files , so storage requirements do n’t expand significantly .
The wine commercial had 127 camera files ( 2 hours 11 minutes of raw footage ) , which were converted to ProRes in about 4 hours on an 8 - core Mac Pro. Storage needs increased from 40 GB ( H.264 ) to 142GB ( ProRes ) .
The nice part of this step ( at least for FCP users ) is that the conversion can be left as a batch to churn unattended .
One word of caution , though .
Compressor has a tendency to choke and crash when you throw tons of files at it , like 100 + camera files .
So I usually do these conversions in groups of 20 or so files at a times .
Video speed adjustment – The 5D files are a true 30 fps and not the fractional video rate of 29.97 fps .
Avid will convert these files to the correct rate on import , if audio and video tracks have been separated .
According to Michael Phillips of Avid ( one of their workflow gurus ) , “ If the MOV file is video - only , then I use the ‘ ignore Qtrate true ’ console command and get a frame - for - frame import , resulting in a .1 % slow down . ”
This is analogous to what happens when film is transferred to video .
In my testing , it was important to first strip off the audio track of the MOV in order for this to work .
You can do this using QuickTime Player Pro 7 .
Final
Cut permits native 30 fps editing , but then your files wo n’t play through standard video gear , like a KONA card .
I suppose for an internet spot this would n’t matter , however we had other uses , so a speed adjustment would have to happen at some point .
I could either convert to 29.97 first and be done with it – or I could cut at 30 fps and convert the finished spot .
I normally opt to convert the ProRes files to 29.97 fps first .
To do this I use the Cinema Tools “ conform ” feature .
That ’s a nearly instantaneous process , which only alters the file ’s metadata .
It tells media players to run the file at the fractional frame rate of 29.97 fps instead of 30 fps .
Audio speed adjustment – Changing the frame rate from 30 to 29.97 means the picture has been slowed by .1 % and so audio must also undergo the same pulldown .
If you use a location sound recorder capable of a 48048k Hz sample rate , then Avid Media Composer will automatically adjust the rate upon import back down to 48 kHz and achieve the pulldown .
In addition , there are various utilities that can “ restamp ” the metadata for the sample rate .
A good choice is Sound Devices ’ free Wave Agent .
The Zoom recorder created 48 k Hz files , but these could be restamped as 47952 k Hz by such a software utility .
In the case of Media Composer , the software sees this on import and slows the file by .1 % to achieve the desired 48 k Hz sample rate .
Thus the audio is back in sync .
Final Cut Pro works differently than Media Composer so your results may vary .
FCP simply tries to maintain the same duration and thus would force a render in the timeline to convert the sample rate to 48 k Hz without altering the speed .
Instead , I recommend that you render new versions of the audio before importing the files into FCP that have an applied speed change .
When I initially tried the restamp approach , I got sync drift .
After posting this entry , I tried it again with Wave Agent and the results were dead - on in sync .
The only issue is that then you have to render the audio in FCP to get the correct sample rate .
I ’m not a big fan of how FCP renders audio files and so prefer to correct them prior to import into FCP .
I have also had inconsistent results with FCP and how it handles sync with external audio files .
Because of these various concerns , I used Telestream Episode Pro and created an audio - only preset that included a speed change with a .999 value .
I used this preset to batch - convert 20 16 - bit /48 kHz WAV files from the Zoom recorder ( 1 hour 9 minutes of raw dialogue ) into “ pulled down ” AIF files .
This took about two minutes .
Whichever approach you take , I urge you to do this only with copies of files .
Some of these various utilities use destructive processes , so you do n’t want to change your originals .
( Note : For a better understanding of how BWF ( broadcast wave files ) , QuickTime and Final Cut Pro interact , check out this product ( BWF2XML ) and description by Spherico . )
Syncing the dailies – After these conversion steps , the files are ready to import into FCP .
Audio and video files are now in optimized formats that will match FCP ’s native media settings .
Next , you ’ll have to sync the audio and video takes .
If the crew used a clapstick , it ’s easy to sync in either Avid or Final Cut using the standard group or multiclip routines .
For this wine spot , I used Singular Software ’s Plural Eyes to automatically sync all sound takes .
PluralEyes was one of the highlights of NAB 2009 and is about as close to magic as any software can get .
It analyzes audio waveforms to compare and align the reference camera audio against the separate audio files .
This is why it ’s critical to record even poor - quality reference audio to the camera in order to give Plural Eyes something to analyze .
Unfortunately for the Avid editor , Plural Eyes only works with Final Cut and Sony Vegas Pro .
It ’s not a plug - in , but works on a timeline labeled “ pluraleyes ” in an open and saved FCP project .
Here are the steps :
a ) Create a blank FCP timeline named “ pluraleyes ” .
b ) Drag & drop all camera clips with dialogue ( audio & video ) onto the timeline ( random order is OK ) .
c ) Drag & drop all separate audio files onto the same timeline onto unused audio tracks ( random order is OK ) .
d ) Disable any redundant audio track ( speeds up analysis ) .
e ) Save the project , launch PluralEyes , start analysis / sync processing .
After a few minutes of processing , Plural Eyes will automatically create a series of new FCP sequences – one for each sync take .
The audio will be aligned so that the double - system sound files are now perfectly in sync with the camera audio .
Post workflow / edit / mix / grade
Now that you have sync takes , you can pretty much edit anyway you like .
I picked the following tip up from Bloom ’s blog .
To make editing easier on the wine spot , I took these new sequences and renamed them according to the person who was speaking and which take it was .
I export the sequences as QuickTime references movies ( not self contained ) to a location on my media drives .
I then re-imported these reference movies , in effect turning them into master clips with merged 5D video and Zoom audio .
These became my source for all sync takes .
Any b-roll shots came from the regular ProRes files .
The rest of the edit went normally .
I ’ve got my MacPro set up with two internal 1TB drives configured as a software RAID - 0 for media files ( 2TB ) .
No issues with cutting ProRes this way .
I bounced the audio to Soundtrack Pro for the final mix .
No real reason , other than to take advantage of some of the plug-ins to add a touch of “ sparkle ” to the dialogue .
I used Apple Color for the grade .
If you follow my blog , you know that I could have tackled this easily with various plug-ins and stayed inside FCP , however , I do like the Color interface and toolset .
This spot was ideally suited to go through a grading pass using Color .
As it turned out , this step might have been a bit premature due to client revisions .
In hindsight , using plug-ins might have been preferable .
I thought the cut was locked , so proceeded with the correction in Color .
The first version of the spot was a faster paced cut ( 57 shots in :60 ) , so the client requested a second version with a little more breathing room and a few alternate dialogue takes .
This necessitated going back into the footage .
Those familiar with Color know that it generates new media files when it renders color correction .
This is required to “ bake in ” the color corrections .
If you assign handles of a few seconds to each shot , you have some room to trim shots when you are back in Final Cut .
This does n’t help you with other footage .
I decided to step back to the sequence before “ sending to ” Color and cut a second , more - relaxed version ( 46 shots in :60 ) .
Although this meant starting a new Color project , I was aided by Color ’s ability to store grades .
I could save the settings for each of the shots in version one and apply these settings to the similar or same shot in version two , within the new Color project .
Adjust keyframes , tweak a few settings , render and bingo !
– the grade is done .
With :02 handles on each shot , version one ( 57 shots ) rendered in about 40 minutes and version two ( 46 shots ) took about 30 minutes .
Both as 1920 × 1080 ProRes ( 29.97 fps ) media .
Of course , like many commercials this was n’t the end and a few more changes were made !
The final version ended being a combination of these two cuts .
( As an aside , Stu Maschwitz has done a nice post about Color Correcting Canon 7D Footage on his ProLost blog . )
Post - processing / 24 fps conversion
This could have been the end of the post for the wine spot , but there ’s one more step .
A big reason people like these HDSLRs is because they provide a very cost - effective way of getting that elusive “ film look ” .
One part of that look is the 24 fps frame rate .
Yes – some film is shot at 30 fps for spots and TV shows – so technically the 5D ’s 30 p footage is just fine .
But clients really do want that 24 fps look .
You can convert these 5D files quite cleanly to 24 fps .
This is a process I picked up from Bloom and discussed in my previous Canon post .
Here are the steps :
a) Note the exact duration of the 29.97 fps timeline .
b ) Export a self - contained QuickTime movie of the finished 29.97 sequence .
c ) Bring that exported file into Compressor and set up a ProRes - to - ProRes conversion .
Use a frame rate of 24 fps ( it actually is 23.98 , but Compressor labels it as 24 ) .
d ) Turn Frame Controls on , set Rate Conversion to Best and change Duration from 100 % of source to the exact duration of the original 29.97 timeline .
Now let Compressor crunch for a while .
My :60 spot took about 36 minutes to convert from 29.97 to 23.98 .
For good measure , I also take the finished file into Cinema Tools and conform it to 23.98 , just in case it ’s 24 and not 23.98 .
Then I import the file back into FCP .
I create a new 23.98 timeline and edit the clip to the file .
If everything is done correctly , this media should match without any rendering needed .
Then I ’ll copy and paste the audio from the 29.97 timeline to the 23.98 timeline .
This should be in sync .
A couple of additional pointers .
Since I do n’t want to have this conversion process get confused with titles and dissolves , I remove all graphics and make dissolves into cuts ( with handles ) in the 29.97 sequence , prior to export .
I actually exported the wine spot timeline as 1:04 instead of :60 .
When I was back in the 23.98 timeline , I fixed these trims , added back the fades , dissolves and graphics in order to complete the sequence .
The second issue is speed changes .
I sped up two shots , which actually passed through Color and this 24 p conversion just fine – except for one problem .
My 29.97 timeline was actually an interlaced timeline .
This does n’t matter for the camera files , as they are inherently progressive .
However , any timeline effects , like speed changes , titles and transitions are processed with interlaced motion .
This affected the two sped - up shots in the 24 p conversion , resulting in interlace artifacts .
The simple fix was to replace these with the normal - speed media and redo the speed change in the 23.98 timeline .
No big deal , but something to be mindful of in the future .
Finally , although this conversion is very good , it is n’t perfect .
Cuts do stay as clean cuts and slow action converts cleanly looking as if it were shot at 24 fps .
Fast motion , however , does introduce some artifacts .
These mainly show up as blended frames in areas of fast activity or fast camera movement .
It ’s no big deal really , as it tends to add to the filmic look of the material – a bit like motion blur .
Remember that this is an OPTIONAL and SUBJECTIVE step .
I personally think that 30 p is a “ sweet spot ” for LCD and plasma screens .
This is especially true for the web and computer displays .
In the end , my client decided they liked the 30 p image better , because it was crisper .
Click the image to see the video in HD on Vimeo .
Or here for the “ Alternate Cut ” at 30 fps ( no 24 p conversion ) .
Additional tools
Since the media files the HDSLR cameras generate are an outgrow of file creation at the consumer product level , there is very little metadata in them that an NLE would care about .
No reel numbers , SMPTE timecode , edge numbers , etc .
That ’s good and bad .
Good – in that the folder and file structure is quite simple and very malleable .
Bad – in that you can have duplicate file names and there ’s no ability to span clips .
Think of it like a roll of 35 mm negative .
That would have about 11 minutes of capacity and new metadata is added when it ’s transferred to video .
Since files are sequentially numbered on the memory card , once you start recording to the next card , it ’s likely to have repeating file names .
This is true both in the camera and on a recorder like the Zoom , simply because there is no reel ( i.e. card ) ID name or number .
The good news is that you can easily change this without corrupting metadata – as you would with RED or P2 – but , it means you have to manually impose some sort of structure yourself .
R - Name –
One utility that can help in R - Name .
Unfortunately it may be out of development , but I still use version 3 , which works with Snow Leopard .
You might be able to find a download still lurking in the depths of the internet – or , if not – a similar utility or an Automator routine .
R- Name lets you rename files ( as the name implies ) , but you can also append prefix or suffix character strings to a file name .
For example , a set of media files from a 5D may be named MVI_1073.mov through MVI_1200.mov and you ’d like to add a prefix for Card 1 .
Simply create an R - Name batch that adds a prefix such as “ C001 _ ” to all these files .
Run the batch and voila – your files are now named C001_MVI_1073.mov through C001_MVI_1200.mov .
Follow this process for each card and it becomes a nice , fast way of organizing your media .
QtChange –
If reel numbers and timecode are important for you to have , then check out VideoToolshed ’s QtChange .
This is a comprehensive QuickTime utility , which lets you alter several file parameters .
Most importantly , you can add or change reel number and timecode values .
Although this is n’t essential for you to cut in FCP , certain functions , like dupe detection , wo n’t work without an assigned reel number .
There are several ways to alter this info in QtChange , but one of the ways it can work is to automatically use the date stamp of the file for the reel number and the time stamp as a starting timecode number .
Files can be changed in a batch , but be careful as these are destructive changes .
Developer Bouke Vahl has been making ongoing changes to the product and recently added Avid Log Exchange functionality .
MetaCheater – One deficiency of Avid Media Composer has been the inability to directly read all of the metadata from a QuickTime file .
For instance , older versions of Media Composer and Symphony would not read QuickTime timecode .
This has been corrected in the most recent versions ; these apps now import the timecode , but still no reel number .
In addition , the Canon cameras do n’t generate timecode or reel numbers so you must add them if you need such information .
You could use QtChange to add reel IDs and timecode , which Media Composer would import , but then there ’s still the reel ID problem .
MetaCheater is a simple way around this .
This program extracts QuickTime metadata and creates an Avid Log Exchange file ( ALE ) with proper reel numbers and timecode values .
Import the ALE file into Media Composer and then batch import the corresponding QuickTime movies .
In this process , Media Composer uses the timecodes and reel numbers from the ALE instead of default values , with the result that your Avid bins properly reflect the reel and timecode information added to the 5D files .
It would be just as if this media had been captured from a videotape source .
Here are a few comparisons of the color grading applied to these shots .
Click each of these images to see an enlarged view .
Original Image
Graded Image
Split Screen
Original Image
Graded Image
Split Screen
Addendum ( Feb 2010 )
After I initially wrote this article in January , I pulled it down for some tweaks .
In the interim , I got busier for a few weeks until I could repost it .
In that time , was able to do some more testing with Avid Media Composer 4.0.5 on another Canon 5D spot .
I am adding my observations here , since many of my readers are Avid cutters and want to know the best way to handle these files in Media Composer .
Unlike FCP , there ’s no simple drag - and - drop method in Avid .
If you elect to convert the files using an external encoding application , you still have to bring the files in through Avid ’s import routines .
This adds a step and effectively doubles the total time it takes to convert and import as compared with FCP .
Another frustrating issue is that when you move from the native camera files into Avid , you have to move out of the QuickTime color and gamma architecture and into an MXF structure using Avid codecs .
In the Avid world , video files are treated using the rec. 601/709 colorspace ( 16-235 on an 8 - bit scale ) and computer files are assumed to be in RGB space ( 0-255 ) .
When you import or export files to and from Media Composer , you always need to check the proper setting – RGB or 601/709 .
Unfortunately ( or fortunately depending on your POV ) , this is largely hidden from view in the QuickTime world .
Furthermore , Canon really has n’t provided documentation that I ’m aware of regarding the colorspace that these cameras work in and how closely color scaling conforms to either RGB or rec. 709 .
The long and short of it is that when you move in and out of QuickTime , you are often fighting level and gamma changes to varying degrees .
I tried a number of different import and encoding methods with Media Composer .
All of them work , but with various trade - offs .
The easiest method is as I outlined earlier in this article – simply import the H.264 camera files into Media Composer .
When you do that , select RGB color space .
The import time will take approximately 3:1 to 4:1 on a fast machine , depending on the target codec you choose to use , because the media is being transcoded during this import stage .
I had the fastest encoding times using the Sony XDCAM - EX codec , which is now natively supported by Media Composer .
A second option is to use Apple Compressor ( or another QuickTime encoder ) to convert the camera files into QuickTime movies using an Avid DNxHD codec .
This is the same approach as converting to Apple ProRes 422 .
Unfortunately , Avid still imposes a longer import time to get these files from QuickTime MOVs into the MXF media format .
Although Compressor offers a choice between RGB and 709 when you select DNxHD , it does n’t seem to make any difference in the appearance of the files .
The files are converted to 709 color space and so should be imported into Avid with the import setting on 709 .
I hope that this import step will be eliminated at some point in the future , when and if Avid decides to support QuickTime files through its AMA feature .
The fastest , current method was to use Episode Pro again .
MXF is now supported in this encoder , so I was able to convert the H.264 files into MXF - wrapped XDCAM - EX files that were ready for Avid .
The beauty of is that the work can be done on an external machine in a batch and the import back into Media Composer is very fast .
No transcoding is needed , as this just becomes a file copy .
The EX codec looked clean and was n’t too taxing on my Mac Pro .
You also have the option of using XDCAM - HD and XDCAM HD 422 ( 50 Mbps ) codecs in the MXF file format .
The only issue was that one of the media files appeared to be corrupt after encoding and had to be re-encoded .
This might be an anomaly , but we ARE dealing with two long - GOP codecs in this process !
Another benefit of this route is that no user interaction is required to determine color space settings .
Now to the level issues .
In all of this back and forth – once I exported back out to QuickTime ( ProRes 422 codec , using RGB setting on export ) – no conversion identically matched the original camera files .
When I compared versions , direct import of the files ( H.264 into Avid ) yielded slightly darker results .
External conversion to DNxHD and then importing , yielded a slight gamma shift .
Conversion / import via the MXF route appeared a bit lighter than the original .
None of these were major differences , though .
If you are going to color grade the final product anyway , it does n’t really matter .
I finally settled on a 2 - step conversion workflow ( described in my February 21 post ) that yielded good results going from the 5D files into Media Composer and then to FCP .
As far as editing , syncing and grading , that is the same as with any other acquisition media .
I used the same preparatory steps as outlined earlier ( Cinema Tools conform to 29.97 and a .999 speed adjustment of the audio ) – then converted and imported the video files .
Inside Media Composer ( 1080p/29.97 project ) , everything synced and edited just as I expected .
Also in early February , Canon announced its EOS Movie Plugin - E1 for Final Cut Pro. Click here for the description .
It ’s supposed to be released in March and if I understand their description correctly , it allows you to import camera clips via FCP ’s Log and Transfer module .
During the import stage , files are transcoded to ProRes .
Unfortunately there is no explanation of how frame rates are handled , so I presume the files are imported and remain at their original frame rate .
My conclusion after all of this is that both FCP and Media Composer are just fine for working with HDSLR projects .
FCP seems a bit faster at the front , but in the end , you ’re just traveling two different roads to get to the same destination .
I leave you with one last tidbit to ponder .
Apple has just introduced Aperture 3 , which includes HD video clip support in slideshows .
I wonder how apps like Aperture , Lightroom and Photoshop ( already supports some video functions ) will impact these HDSLR workflows in the future ?
( UPDATE :
If you got here through links from other blogs , make sure you read the updated Round III post as well . )
Useful Links
5DMk2 blog – 1001 Noisy Cameras
Assisted Editing
Philip Bloom
Canon Explorers of Light
Canon Filmmakers
Cinema5D
DSLR HD
DVinfo
DVXuser
Element Technica
FreshDV
Tyler Ginter
Vincent Laforet
ProLost
Red Rock Micro
Bruce Sharpe
Spherico
Peter Wiggins
Planet5D
Video Toolshed
Zacuto
©2010 Oliver Peters
As usual , this impressive legislation to reduce our national deficit is being condemned across the board by Republicans .
Rep. Phil Gingrey ( R - GA ) said :
" It costs too much . "
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Tanfast ) strangely suggested on Thursday that Americans should demand that Congress NOT lower the national deficit :
" It 's not too late for the American people to continue to speak up .
They need to yell a little louder , and we can stop this . "
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) issued a direct threat to Democrats over their attempt to reduce the country 's skyrocketing deficit :
" Every election this fall will be a referendum on this bill "
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor went a step farther :
" Make no mistake this vote that ... this ... is a betrayal of the American people ...
As the leader said we 're going to do everything we can to make sure that this bill does not pass . "
Sources note that this historic deficit - reduction package has a side benefit of ensuring 95 % of Americans have health insurance .
I 'm just sayin ' ...
---------
Please Digg this HERE .
Thanks !
ZURICH — Last month , Antoine Goetschel went to court here in defense of an unusual client : a 22 - pound pike that had fought a fisherman for 10 minutes before surrendering .
Mr. Goetschel is the official animal lawyer for the Swiss canton of Zurich , a sort of public defender who represents the interests of pets , farm animals and wildlife .
He wound up with the pike as a client when animal - welfare groups filed a complaint alleging animal cruelty in the fish 's epic battle with an amateur angler .
The ...
Tune in to CNN all this week for a special series , " Broken Government "
Washington ( CNN ) --
Nearly six in 10 Americans say they are dissatisfied with the way democracy is working in the United States , according to a new national poll .
Forty percent of people questioned in the CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll say they are satisfied with the way democracy is working in this country , with 59 percent saying they are dissatisfied .
" One reason that Americans think the government is broken is that they think the way we choose our elected officials is broken , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
The poll released Thursday also indicates Americans do n't think very highly of government officials .
Eight in 10 think that government officials are out of touch , influenced by special interests , and mainly concerned with getting re-elected .
Despite that , according to the poll , two - thirds of all Americans admit that they would not be able to do as good a job of running the country as government officials currently do .
" Men are almost twice as likely as women to say they could do a better job running the government , " Holland notes .
" More Republicans feel that way than Democrats , and Independents are even more likely than members of either party . "
According to CNN poll numbers released Sunday , Americans overwhelmingly think that the government in the country is broken , but the public overwhelmingly holds out hope that what 's broken can be fixed .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted February 12 - 15 , with 1,023 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the overall survey .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) - Hewlett - Packard Co. HPQ , +0.37 % on Wednesday said it has agreed to buy Palm Inc. PALM , +6.55 % in a $ 1.2 billion deal .
H- P said Palm shareholders will receive $ 5.70 in cash for each share of Palm common stock .
H- P said the boards of both companies have approved the transaction .
They added laughter where there was none during uncomfortable portions .
Well , there was some laughter .
Mine , of derision .
During those pregnant pauses in her performance I was laughing long and loud , could n't help myself as much of what she was saying was utterly surreal , ridiculous , hypocritical - nonsense , spewed platitudes , pushed buttons .
I was seriously thinking of leaving as it was getting hysterically unfunny .
After sitting through the taping of the show in the studio I can recount many portions where there was little or no laughter or response , but at the later broadcast they are smoothed over with applause and laughter that WERE NOT THERE at the taping .
Groans , hoots , grumbling , or just dead silence - all missing .
Soon after leaving the studio I basically tweeted , " Hey , was in the belly of the beast , attended taping of Palin on Tonight show , she bombed . "
Retweets abounded , let folks know that they could listen to my jeering laughter during dead spots in the interview , jokes no one laughed at , etc , and many folks cursed me for making them think about watching her on Leno that night .
We all had a good chuckle - but I was n't laughing at the broadcast , because selective miking during a " live edit " or later additions made it appear as if I 'd lied nearly as much as Sarah Palin does .
( In the interest of disclosure my wife and I created a parody " Going Rouge : The Sarah Palin Rogue Coloring & Activity Book " http://goingrouge.net and have sold many copies .
It was featured in the Washington Post , AP , The New York Times , Buzzflash , Entertainment Tonight broadcast the cover repeatedly pre-Christmas , and in general it 's been happily received .
Even right wingers have purchased copies , and loved them . )
But we had never attended a Palin " event " , and decided it was time to see her in person , so we flew 6 thousand miles round trip from the east coast to be in the audience as a sort of mellow protest , wave copies of the book to freak her out , hand them out to staff & audience at the Studio .
Security waved our copies on through , and folks there were reading it during the show and cracking up at the humor .
Even the camera guys .
Well , not the one Security guy during the show who told my wife to sit down , she was dancing and waving our book , and to the shows credit we were n't expelled nor did they confiscate the books .
I would n't have cared if they did , we 've been activists for a long time , and I 've been ready on many occasions to go to jail for making folks aware of lies and distortions by media and govt , mostly during the GWBush years , when Takebackthemedia.com was an intregal part of the protest scene .
Some folks have credited us with the invention of the online Flash political attack ad .
Millions enjoyed my political animations from 2000 on , before the advent of YouTube .
From my seat to the right of the stage , by the band , I could tell that an average of 70 % of the audience did not like Sarah Palin .
Many literally sat on their hands .
This is LA and I wondered when we went in , just how many people would be into Palin here .
C'mon , this is LA , man !
Make no mistake , the national figure for nutjobs were represented , the same insane 30 % of the country that always believe in racism , GWBush , War , Torture , the Libertarians , Teabaggers were there too , and quite vocal .
Throw in a shotgun microphone and you 've got yourself a laugh riot with these guys .
Before the show they brought out a cheerleader , ginning up the audience , telling jokes , dancing around the stage .
Having been a sound engineer I knew that this comedian 's secondary use was setting the sound levels for the room ahead of time .
" Okay , now everyone on the right side of the room , let 's hear it ! ! "
" Left side of the room , applause !
Give it up !
Do n't let those on the right side of the room beat you ! "
" Now everyone , squeal like a piggy , WHEEEE - Loud ! "
Behind us the sound man was tweaking levels for all manners of amplitude , to reduce murmur , bottom end rumble , they use all sorts of filters to keep out unwanted levels of noise , chatter , etc .
Straight to the sound booth , who make sure there 's no " crunchy " or overamped audio , no overpowering of VU meters .
Set up compression , all the good stuff .
Jay came out to raucous applause , hell , we clapped too , I like the guy , not as much as Letterman or Connan but I 'm a comedy fan , and some of the show as funny .
Shaun
White was way cool , funny , authentic , there multiple ovations , and Adam Lambert ROCKED the house , as the latest and future incarnation of David Bowie .
Lots of fun .
But when Jay brought out Sarah Palin , she was completely nerved .
Watch the video , check out her breathing , she 's Freaked and talks a mile a minute .
Both my wife and I agreed - when you actually get close enough , she 's just plain Creepy , and those yech vibes filled the room .
Nevermind the applause sign - something that 's a staple of late night shows .
My brother in law used to say , " You know why they add laugh tracks ?
So you know it 's Comedy . "
Folks did as they were told , hooting , clapping , having a good time , hey , that 's why they were there .
Me too .
The basic rules for the studio audience were simple : NO Eating , NO drinking and NO shouting anything out .
Other than that , knock yourselves out , have a good time .
Yet , judging by the Security surrounding the stage where Palin brought the Silly , shouting out , " Hey Sarah , How many wolf puppies have you gassed ? ! " would have been suicidal .
Nothing in the rules said that Laughing at all the Wrong Times would be a problem , the wrong times in this circumstance were when she was bringing the crazy that no one wanted to touch , or call her out on .
And Jay , while he chided her , did n't really put down the hammer .
Ratings .
Shame .
And while NBC Sold Palin , she sold her body , jiggling , teasing , pushing the cutesy - pie , what we used to call in the military , a " prick tease " .
She short circuits brains , deflects the fact that most of what she says is nonsense or hateful , as lizard layers of right wing men's brains hum a sexual fantasy tune , and women who have thrown all sense of propriety to the wind , watching her strip , want to be just like her .
Rich .
Stupid .
The sweet " Bite Me " bitch attitude she 's honed to an art form .
No , she does n't just " wink " - she uses her whole body to sell the package .
Turn off the sound , just watch her body language .
I find it whorish , repulsive , and I 'm no prude .
At at least four points in the show she was getting so far out in screwball territory , or was just so damned unfunny that I could n't help but laugh when no others were , at the absurdity of her statements .
Literally biting off yards of tongue , because at home I 'm ready to throw bricks at my TV when she 's on .
The TV , not Her , let 's be clear .
One :
She was so happy to back John McCain 's bid for re-election in Arizona , at least for now , left the audience puzzled , confused .
I Chortled with great vigor .
Not in the broadcast .
Two : During the monologue when she made a crack about No Tomatoes being allowed , even the Teabaggers in the audience did n't want to touch that one .
The Sarah Sucks crowd , my people , said nothing .
Crickets .
The whole audience seemed stunned , and again , I howled .
Not in the broadcast .
Nothing .
Nada .
( You may recall that after someone threw a tomatoe at her in a mall , at the following Costco Book signing ALL Tomatoes were removed from the store prior to her entrance . )
I was sitting by the band .
They do n't mike the BAND ?
C'mon .
Three : Explaining how it 's cool to write on her hand .
She lied about what was on there , then sails to pluto with , " my dad , a teacher , used to come home with notes ( answers ? ) written all over his hands ... " again , dead air .
No ONE was buying it , it was just too bizarre .
The answer ?
Just ADD canned Laughter .
A lie .
Four : Was directed at US .
( Of course this joke was written long before we were in the audience , and hey , she kills moose , so , it 's kind of an obvious one ) The Moose Joke .
We feature a layout in our book of a whole , cooked moose on a platter surrounded by vegetables as a Palin " recipe " .
I wrote copy about her getting beauty sleep in a crashed plane , stealing canoes from natives , packing 800 lbs of moose out after plugging it , sitting on its body as it dies , all just to get back and feed her family .
Now ,
If you watch the video , Palin looks hard Left , right at us , pauses , as we wave our coloring books .
Do n't look for footage of the coloring books being bandied about like a prize bass , you wo n't see that .
And I 'm not saying that was edited out , audience video is very controlled , not everyone gets seen , though they try like hell - but she looked us in the eye .
Sarah does n't like us much .
We expose many of her anti-environmental policies in our book , her cruelty to animals , destruction of ecosystems , being in the pocket of the oil companies , all in a humorous way .
Do n't get me wrong , I 've eaten moose myself , lived in Alaska for 12 years .
I know Alaska .
I 've crashed in helicopters in ANWR .
She 's not the Alaska I know , and does n't represent those fine people , or their ways .
She 's a fraud , and I was beginning to think she knows it , deep down inside , when my wife said , " She 's Very Competitive , and she 's not about to give up .
We may have actually spurred her on with our antics and the book . "
Oops .
We 'll spur her on with some more in the next one .
But Sarah Palin is vengeful .
She ever gets into office again , she might have us sent to Siberia , or worse , Wasilla .
Hold me .
The real heroes of the night were Shaun White and Adam Lambert - the audience was delighted , all of it , and blew the roof off the place when they were mentioned and appeared .
Meanwhile , Leno 's show used the ambience to give Palin Cover .
They sold her .
Her book , her body , her celebrity , her future , all of it .
And 70 % of an audience were n't buying it , but you can't tell from the broadcast .
I know .
I was there .
They should bear some responsibilty for hawking a defective product .
This is corporate shilling in the worst way , not only to raise Leno 's ratings , but to push Palin on a crowd with fake laughter and applause .
The applause sign is one thing , an american institution .
But INSERTING Laughter for Sarah Palin ?
Try to realize that while you may be laughing at the things she says , because she 's a train wreck , the corporate powers that be are ADJUSTING the laughter so it appears APPROPRIATE .
I worked in a mental institution .
The very basic definition of insanity is " inappropriate laughter " .
WHO decides what 's " appropriate " ?
Apparently , corporations .
Not you .
Your reality no longer belongs to you .
There is at this time no way of telling if a crowd actually backs a person or not .
( Enter Twilight Zone music here , or Outer Limits , your choice . )
Because ...
Your reality has been hacked .
But not mine .
I was there .
I wanted to say that Leno has earned his ratings , that he 's funny , and he is at times , and deserves his talk show .
Can't .
Not now .
Sorry to say , The Tonight Show is a lie , more than ever a corporate shill that 's performing a cultural engineering service .
Selling garbage , that is literally ruinous to our nation and women 's rights .
That destroys the fabric of our society .
It 's real .
I saw it .
I was there .
I need a stiff drink .
You ?
Activist Micheal Stinson aka Symbolman , former Alaskan , Founder of Takebackthemedia.com is an author , satirist , animator ( and gonzo tweeter @symbolman ) who has appeared on FOX's O'Reilly , MSNBC's Joe Scarborough and CNN cable shows , as well as numerous radio shows .
His wife , Julie Sigwart , is the brilliant cartoonist behind the hit parody " Going Rouge : The Sarah Palin Rogue Coloring & Activity Book " http://goingrouge.net
Micheal can be contacted at symbolman@gmail.com
Hyphae grow into the lighter areas of the image while avoiding their own trails .
Branching and growth speed are also functions of the avalible food ( brightness ) in the image .
Larry , The Barefoot Bum
The Accidental Tutor , my other blog
Buy me a book !
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - No Derivative Works 2.5 License
Notwithstanding fair use , you are free to republish the contents of this blog , but you may not directly or indirectly charge money for its use nor edit the content without my permission , and you must properly credit and link to the original .
You do n't have to tell me , but it would feed my vanity if you did .
Subscribe with Feedburner
Subscribe with Blogger ( Atom )
Subscribe with Blogger ( RSS )
Subscribe to comments
Cause merry mayhem by voting for rtmpdump as " Best Multimedia " Nominating rtmpdump for " Best Multimedia " project had the desired effect of getting it up as a finalist .
Vote here for rtmpdump : Why I , Adobe , Should Stop Peddling DRM DRM does not work and you , Adobe , were foolish enough to drink the cool - aid .
DRM does not work for many reasons :
DRM and mass - distribution are mutually exclusively incompatible .
A maths joke i saw once goes , " Security tends to zero as the number of idiots tends to infinity " .
The thing is : it 's true !
It only takes one person to screw up , and it 's Game Over .
Do a maths experiment .
Take any number ( 1,000 ; 1,000,000 ) , and put it through this formula : Probabilty = ( 1 - ( 1/N ) ) to the power of N .
What you 're doing is this : if the probability of DRM _not_ being bypassed by one person is 0.999999 , and you have a million such people , the probability that DRM remains secure against a million people is 0.999999 multiplied one million times .
It comes out , every time , at around 36.7 % .
The moment that you go up by another factor of ten in the number of people , but leave the " bypassing " probability the same ( e.g 0.999999 multiplied ten million times ) , you can see instantly that things fall apart .
In this simple example ( 0.9999999 multiplied ten million times ) the probability of DRM remaining secure is : 0.05 % .
That 's Zero Point Zero Five Percent .
near as damnit : zero .
Can you see , Adobe , how DRM is therefore clearly mathematically incompatible with mass - distribution ?
Water flows downhill .
If you add in difficult prohibitive measures which restrict peoples ' choices and freedom to choose , they simply go with the next easiest option .
Money talks .
If you add in expensive " we do n't trust you " hardware , the cost of the extra silicon , and the requirement to have more expensive CPUs running the paranoia distrusting encryption system ... all that happens is that people go , " why is this more expensive compared to this cheap Korean trash ?
and what is this my friends say about having to throw away all their existing older equipment ? "
Let 's say that you decide to make actual secure DRM instead of " fake " secure DRM , by utilising actual passwords ( e.g. PIN numbers ) , and putting in place Public Key Infrastructure .
All you 've done is increase the barrier to acceptance , and again increased the cost !
People will forget their passwords .
They 'll ask their friends to record the show and send them a copy .
The complexity of deployment of DRM increases the time - to - market of a solution , making it uncompetitive .
Red5 only contains a server - implementation ( in java ) .
The python project rtmpy aims to be a free software implementation of an RTMP library , whilst Tape intends to be a full streaming server ( in Python ) .
rtmpy is in active development .
There is a java client implementation of RTMP , called Flazr .
As of 2nd June 2009 ( just two weeks after Adobe issued the take - down notice ) , Flazr also has RTMPE support .
Congratulations to Peter , and thank you to Adobe : none of this would have remotely happened , if you had n't brought RTMPE to people 's attention .
SWFDec has a partial and experimental implementation of RTMP .
swfdec is client - only .
Gnash has a partial and experimental implementations of RTMP .
Gnash has both client and server , sharing the same common source .
Cygnal is making particularly good progress , as a server : video can already be streamed from it , with real - time video planned for Q3 2009 .
libRTMP by boxee contains an RTMP client library , and was used as the basis for rtmpdump .
haxeVideo is a server implementation of RTMP in Haxe .
crtmpserver is a server implementation of RTMP that has implemented ( as of 25th may 2009 ) the RTMPE protocol .
Mammoth , formerly known as OpenFMS , is a server implementation that has implemented an RTMPE - compatible algorithm known as " H264 - compatible and DH handshaking " .
RubyIzumi is an implementation of an RTMP server in Ruby .
Applian caved in and agreed : " We have resolved a dispute with Adobe Systems Incorporated , [... ] , by agreeing not to circumvent any Secure RTMP Measures developed by Adobe . "
Well , that was stupid of you - you lent weight to Adobe 's belief that you were actually doing any circumventing , and to their belief that there is anything " secure " about Adobe 's RTMP " measures " .
So , Applian - go right ahead and put RTMPE right back in , because you will still be complying with your agreement with Adobe .
The minute that they actually put any secure RTMP measures in , then you might get left behind , compared to all of the Free Software implementations that are being created , but hey : you can always fix that by just releasing the source code of your application and then contacting the Software Freedom Law Centre , if you ever hear from Adobe again .
Smaxe java client , for research purposes .
Hmm , that means he can't apply to the softwarefreedom.org for help if he gets smaxed with a DMCA takedown notice , can he .
'( swf verification ) ensures that only your SWF or AIR files can connect to your application or content on Flash Media Server ' .
" if anyone can obtain the publicly - available SWF or AIR file ( or a hash of it , and knows the SWF or AIR file 's size ) they can also connect to your application or content " .
R ob Ford loves to portray himself as the champion of the little guy , a lone wolf fighting on behalf of taxpayers fed up with waste and incompetence at city hall .
It 's a role Ford has honed to perfection during his 10 years as a Toronto City Councillor .
Now , the combative councillor from Etobicoke North is taking his act out across the city as he mounts a full - scale campaign to become the city 's next mayor .
Cheered on by hardline Conservatives , radio show hosts and right - wing newspaper columnists , the brash - mouthed Ford is running a strong race to succeed outgoing David Miller as mayor .
Next to former provincial Liberal cabinet minister George Smitherman , Ford is likely the best - known candidate in the race .
He could place second to Smitherman in the early opinion polls , ahead of Rocco Rossi , who like Ford is trying to capture right - wing votes .
Ford 's boosters argue that he's the kind of leader Toronto needs today , a populist politician who will act on behalf of voters fed up with garbage strikes , lousy TTC service , rising taxes , councillors ' salaries , litter in the streets , petty crime , downtown elites and every other conceivable " angry guy " gripe .
In truth , though , Ford as mayor would be the worst thing that could happen to this city .
On one point , Ford is right – the city is in big trouble , from finances to traffic gridlock and job loss .
That 's why leadership is so critical , and why Ford is so unqualified for the job .
To be a good mayor , a person must be someone who can build coalitions , work with residents of all persuasions , get city councillors on side and win support from provincial leaders on issues that matter for Toronto .
To date , Ford has shown none of those traits .
He is a solitary voice on council , with a history of screaming tirades .
He 's bombastic .
He 's often a buffoon .
That style may work for a city councillor seeking cheap headlines , but it would be fatal for a mayor , who must be a consensus builder as well as a forceful leader .
Ford has officially been in the race only six days , but it 's clear he is n't about to tone down his style .
For example , his campaign team talks about this campaign as " a war . "
So much for reasoned debate .
At the same time , his vision for the city is limited to cutting taxes and spending , attacking public employees and the TTC , berating other councillors and sucking up to suburban voters by suggesting the city ignores them and only pays attention to downtown residents .
To assess how Ford would be as mayor , it 's important to look back at his history .
In 2002 , Ford called fellow Councillor Giorgio Mammoliti , who is also running for mayor , " a scammer " and " Gino - boy " in reference to his Italian heritage .
In 2003 , he wanted Toronto declared a " refugee - free zone " and called council 's decision to ban the use of pesticides a sign of " dictatorship . "
The following year he said the city 's bylaw to protect trees " is communism , if you ask me . "
In 2005 , he called Councillor Gloria Lindsay Luby a " waste of skin . "
He once suggested that " it 's their own fault " if cyclists are killed in traffic accidents .
In 2006 , he was ejected from the Air Canada Centre for being drunk and verbally abusing fans at a Maple Leafs game , calling them " communist bastards . "
Later ,
Ford denied he was even at the game , but subsequently admitted he lied , saying " I 'm going through a few personal problems . "
Also in 2006 , he fought against a $ 1.5 million AIDs prevention program , claiming he did n't understand why more women were becoming AIDS patients , adding " Maybe they 're sleeping with bisexual men . "
In 2008 , he claimed " Oriental people work like dogs ...
They 're slowly taking over . "
He later said he meant it as a compliment , but apologized anyway .
Also that year , he was arrested and charged with assault and threatening death , but the charges were later dropped .
For his part , Ford said last week on John Oakley 's radio show when he announced his candidacy that he realizes he 's " not in opposition anymore .
I have to be a leader . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Given his record , this is not the " leader " that Toronto needs .
Bob Hepburn 's column appears on Thursday .
bhepburn @ thestar.ca
There appears to be a disagreement between Pearce and the IA State on the use of freezing .
IA State says that freezing buys time for dealing with wet books in a manageable way , first by allowing you to put wet books on hold while you work on other water damage , and then by letting you triage the books for careful drying .
Pearce seems to imply that the books will dry while frozen , I think .
IA State does say that there are commercial freeze - drying companies that can dry frozen items .
This would remove water by sublimation , bypassing the liquid state and its associated problems .
I would imagine that such a thing would be rather expensive , however .
Alternatively , they give instructions for conventionally drying books after they are thawed .
It is possible that if Pearce does mean that frozen books will become dry , he may have experienced a type of freeze - drying that can occur in a frost - free type of freezer .
Such freezers cycle their temperature between the frozen minimum to some higher temperature that lets them remove frost by circulating cold air .
This would constitute a type of ambient - pressure freeze - drying that would also involve sublimation .
Vacuum freeze - drying is used to preserve biological macromolecules such as DNA or proteins .
Vaccines may be treated in this way for storage and shipment , I think , through a process called lyophilization .
The preserved material can be reconstituted to nearly - full biological activity , implying good structural preservation down to the molecular level .
Similar treatment of books and papers may yield similar levels of success , except that gross structural changes , such as swelling of fibers , will be preserved after drying , since the evacuated water will leave voids in the material .
This process has also been used to preserved deceased pets with remarkably life - like results ( shudder ) .
But the threat was eliminated
“ I was playing in a tournament in Germany one year when a man approached me .
Thinking he just wanted an autograph , I reached for my pen , when the man made a startling announcement .
‘ I ’ve solved chess ! ’
I sensibly started to back away , in case the man was dangerous as well as insane , but the man continued : ‘ I ’ll bet you 50 marks that if you come back to my hotel room I can prove it to you . ’
Well , 50 marks was 50 marks , so I humored the fellow and accompanied him to his room . ”
“ Back at the room , we sat down at his chess board .
‘ I ’ve worked it all out , white mates in 12 no matter what . ’
I played black with perhaps a bit incautiously , but I found to my horror that white ’s pieces coordinated very strangely , and that I was going to be mated on the 12th move ! ”
“ I tried again , and I played a completely different opening that could n’t possibly result in such a position , but after a series of very queer - looking moves , once again I found my king surrounded , with mate to fall on the 12th move .
I asked the man to wait while I ran downstairs and fetched Emmanuel Lasker , who was world champion before me .
He was extremely skeptical , but agreed to at least come and play .
Along the way we snagged Alekhine , who was then world champion , and the three of us ran back up to the room . ”
“ Lasker took no chances , but played as cautiously as could be , yet after a bizarre , pointless - looking series of maneuvers , found himself hemmed in a mating net from which there was no escape .
Alekhine tried his hand , too , but all to no avail . ”
“ It was awful !
Here we were , the finest players in the world , men who had devoted our very lives to the game , and it was all over !
The tournaments , the matches , everything – chess had been solved , white wins . ”
About this time Capa ’s friends would break in , saying “ Wait a minute , I never heard anything about all this !
What happened ? ”
“ Why , we killed him , of course . ”
The libtheora api gives YCbCr data as the result of a decoded frame .
The current method of displaying data through Firefox requires it to be converted to RGBA .
The conversion of YCbCr to RGBA turns out to be a bottleneck .
In current Firefox builds we use the conversion routines provided by liboggplay .
The Ogg backend is being modified to reduce the third party library usage ( Started by me and continued now by Chris Pearce ) and the liboggplay usage will go away .
I looked at some of the colour space conversion routines available to get an indication of their relative performance .
I tested the following colour space conversion routines :
Using integer math and lookup tables .
A basic C version using floating point math .
liboggplay .
BSD license .
FrameWave ( also known as the AMD Performance Library ) .
Apache License 2.0 .
[ Intel Integrated Performance Primitives ] ( http://software.intel.com/en-us/intel-ipp/).
Commercial license .
Moonlight 's colour space conversion routines .
I tested the C and MMX implementation from Moonlight .
LGPL2 license .
The conversion routines from Chromium .
BSD license .
libswscale .
LGPL license .
For testing I modified plogg to decode a theora file and time the colour space conversion portion of the process .
I have a series of command line switches to pick the implementation of the colour space conversion .
I used a movie trailer Theora file I had handy ( 480x260 ) and these were the results :
Implementation Total Time Frame Time Relative FrameWave 1.00752 0.00033584 0.65 | Chromium 1.02053 0.00034017 0.66 | Intel IPP ( optimized ) 1.32477 0.00044159 0.85 | Moonlight MMX 1.35934 0.00045311 0.87 | liboggplay 1.55765 0.00051921 1.00 | libswscale 2.68307 0.00089435 1.72 | Intel IPP ( default ) 4.21107 0.00140369 2.70 | Integer C 4.81204 0.00160401 3.09 | Moonlight C 6.80419 0.00226806 4.37 | Floating Point C 11.16770 0.00372257 7.17 |
The ' Total Time ' is the time spent in the conversion code for every frame in the file ( 3,000 frames ) .
' Frame Time ' is the average time per frame .
' Relative ' is the time taken relative to the liboggplay implementation .
Since this is what we are currently using this makes it easy to see what sort of improvement we could get by switching .
The testing was done on a 1.83 GHz Core Duo laptop running Linux .
From the results it seems that FrameWave and Chromium are the fastest and very close in performance .
The license for the Chromium colour space conversion code is probably a bit better fit for our usage though and it's smaller and easier to integrate if we were to choose to use it .
The ' default '
Intel IPP version uses the non-processor specific implementation whereas the ' optimized ' uses routines optimized for the particular processor on the machine I used for testing .
I 'm interested in any comments on the libraries listed and recommendations for other libraries that I could try .
I 'll put the source for the test program on github shortly and update this post with the link .
Results from different machines would be useful .
Kim and Kourtney Kardashian took Kourtneys stupid baby to the pool in Miami the other day , and Kim held him up against her hugely awesome tits .
Unfortunately for him it ’s all downhill from here .
Those are probably the best tits he ’ll ever see and his skull has n’t even hardened yet .
He ’s gonna be one of those people in a mental ward who mutter under their breath and just draw circles , again and again , on everything , nothing but two big perfect circles , and no one will know what it means , except for us .
Anti-Health Care Reform Suits Face Steep Hurdles
Created : March 23 , 2010 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Tea Party demonstrators on Capitol Hill on Sunday ( Photo by David Weigel )
The moment that the House of Representatives passed the health care reform bill , 10 Republican state attorneys general were ready for it .
Early Monday morning , Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli announced plans to sue on the grounds that the federal government was abusing its “ power to regulate interstate commerce ” by passing a personal mandate for health care .
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum agreed , calling the mandate an attempt “ to fine or tax someone just for living . ”
On the surface , conservative opposition to universal health care had dusted itself off and charged right back into the fight .
[ GOP1 ] But beneath the headlines , press releases , petitions and donation drives that followed the historic vote , lawyers and legislators are less confident that health care reform can be repealed — much less that it can be repealed quickly .
In Idaho and Tennessee , two states where state opt-outs of the federal mandate have passed ( in Idaho , the legislation has even been signed by the governor ) , the people who will decide whether to challenge the bill are treading more carefully than the rhetoric suggests .
“ Everybody needs to take a deep breath , ” said Bob Cooper , a spokesman for Idaho Attorney General Lawrence Wasden .
“ This bill is a few thousand pages long .
We need some time to review it .
We need time to see whether or not it impinges on rights , how so , and whether we can bring a case that has merit .
There are serious sanctions for attorneys who file frivolous lawsuits . ”
Mae Beavers , a Republican state senator in Tennessee , was also cautious about how to proceed with a health care challenge .
Her Tennessee Health Freedom
Act sailed through the upper house , becoming a model for pre-emptive opt - out bills in other states .
And while she expects a companion bill to move through the lower house , the possibility of an immediate challenge to the reform bill seemed remote .
“ Our legislation says that whenever the national health care would start , our citizens will have a choice , ” said Beavers .
“ I assume it would take a while to put together . ”
The problem with a challenge , say conservatives , is that the mandate for health care — an idea with origins on the right that has become anathema ever since its implementation in Massachusetts — will not take effect until 2014 .
Whether attorneys general can successfully challenge the mandate until then is unclear .
Thomas Woods , a conservative scholar who is putting the finishing touches on a Regnery - published book about nullification , suggested that challenges to the mandate will be fruitless , working their way through a legal system that has no great record of repealing major legislation .
“ If states file legal challenges , ” asked Woods , “ who do they file them with ?
The federal courts !
I would n’t even go to the legal level .
From my point of view nullification is a way to announce to the government that your state is ready to engage in civil disobedience .
It boils down to this :
We are confident that obeying the will of the people means not enforcing this mandate .
So what are you going to do now ? ”
Michael Boldin , the president of the Tenth Amendment Center — founded in 2009 to organize for such fights on behalf of state sovereignty — told TWI that legal challenges of any kind were the “ first step ” to opposing health care reform .
But he envisioned the resistance to the mandate taking a more low - key form : Simple , persistent disobedience .
“ If I were to reduce this whole thing down to one word , ” said Boldin , “ I ’d say : Marijuana .
Look at medical marijuana in California .
California passed a medical marijuana law and the federal government said it could n’t do so , under the supremacy clause .
But people continued to disobey laws and it cost more money to enforce them then to ignore them . ”
As difficult as a repeal of health care reform would be , as realistic as the disobedience plan sounds , neither approach to the issue satisfies the high - level legal groups , pundits and politicians who have campaigned against reform .
Prior to the health care vote , on the Friday episode of his Fox News show , Glenn Beck showed Sarah Palin a map of states with opt - out bills in the works — many of them dominated by Democrats , where the legislation has no chance of success .
”
Beck and Palin were only slightly ahead of the curve — the final 72 hours of the debate saw surge in the number of Republican politicians promising constituents that health care reform could be stopped at the courts .
At Saturday ’s “ Code Red ” rally in front of the Capitol , Rep. Zach Wamp ( R - Tenn . ) , a candidate for governor of Tennessee , promised activists he ’d meet federal regulators “ at the state line ” if elected .
On Sunday , Rep. Pete Hoekstra ( R - Mich . ) , a candidate for governor of Michigan , raised the possibility of blocking reform “ at the ballot box ” or “ in the courts . ”
On Monday , Florida U.S. Senate candidate Marco Rubio endorsed Attorney General McCollum ’s potential lawsuit — on a mid-afternoon Fox News appearance , former Gov. Jeb Bush ( R - Fla . ) praised Rubio and chided his rival , Gov. Charlie Crist ( R - Fla . ) , for not backing the suit .
Conservative legal groups have taken much the same tack .
Last week , the Landmark Legal Foundation — nominally run by conservative author and radio host Mark Levin — prepared a draft legal brief challenging any health care bill that the House “ deemed passed ” without a vote .
Because the House held a full vote on the bill , the foundation scrapped that brief and , according to vice president Eric Christiansen , moved on to assisting attorneys general with whatever they decided to do .
“ We want to see this thing defeated , ” said Christiansen .
“ However we can leverage our resources and make the biggest impact , that ’s what we ’ll do . ”
For the first time in the health care debate , however , opponents of the reform package face a complicated , uncertain struggle at odds with the promises and podium - pounding that marked the year of opposition .
“ I do n’t know what people are telling their donors , ” said Curt Levey , executive director of the conservative Committee for Justice , “ but litigation is always lengthy especially where , as here , the final answer will likely come from the Supreme Court …
Courts will typically move things along faster when a case is as important as this one , but it ’s unlikely that we would get a final decision from the Supreme Court before the 2011 - 2012 term . ”
Levey ’s take was in line with that of Idaho ’s Cooper , hard at work in one of the AG offices that ’s viewed to have the best chance of challenging the mandate .
“ We ’re not trying , ” said Cooper , “ to win a race to the courthouse . ”
Show full PR text
Cisco Introduces Valet Home Wireless Products
Breakthrough Simplicity Makes Wireless Accessible for Everyone
March 31 , 2010 – Irvine , Calif. , – Cisco is pairing its wireless technology leadership with Flip Video 's simplicity - in - design approach to launch Valet™ -- a breakthrough new product line that makes home wireless simple and accessible for everyone .
Valet is designed to transform how families use the Internet in their homes so they can enjoy the freedom of wireless access without frustration and complexity of setting up a home network .
" Valet is home wireless made easy , " said Jonathan Kaplan , senior vice president and general manager of Cisco Consumer Products .
" With complementary backgrounds and expertise , our Cisco and Flip teams have combined forces to change the rules for home wireless with a product line that empowers consumers to easily set up , use and manage all of their wireless devices anywhere in their home . "
Untapped Home Wireless Market
While consumer demand for wireless products is on the rise with a tremendous array of new devices in the market , research from IDC1 reveals that only one - third of US homes are currently set up for wireless use .
This surprisingly slow adoption of home wireless is largely due to the complexity of current offerings that are too technical for the average consumer to install and manage on their own .
At the same time , the demand for wireless - enabled products – such as mobile phones , gaming systems , and music players – is extremely strong according to ABI Research data that reports more than 264 million devices shipped worldwide in 2009 .
" Consumers have felt powerless and frustrated with the entire process of home wireless , but with Valet we are tearing down the walls and opening it up to everyone , " added Kaplan .
" The market for wireless - enabled products is exploding and now mainstream users will be able to take full advantage of all the new opportunities . "
Quick Set - Up and Simple Management
Valet is the first wireless product line to make it simple for anyone to set up and manage their own home wireless network .
Getting started with Valet is incredibly easy .
Consumers simply insert the included USB set - up key right into their PC or Mac and the Cisco Connect software takes over .
Unlike other wireless products that require 20 to 30 complicated steps to set up , Valet takes only three steps from start to finish for a single computer .
The Valet set - up key retains all set - up information and can be easily inserted into additional home computers to add them to the home 's wireless seamlessly .
Personalized Wireless Experience
Once set up , Valet gives consumers a simple way to manage their family 's home wireless experience .
The included Cisco Connect software makes it easy to : 1 ) add additional devices to the network , 2 ) set parental controls , 3 ) provide Internet access for guests on a separate guest network and 4 ) customize personal security settings such as passwords .
Valet also provides a new level of control for parents with simple tools to manage their family 's online experience .
Valet 's Cisco Connect software lets parents easily set controls on the fly , so they can modify web usage for certain days and times of the week , or even for temporary periods .
If teens are spending too much time on social networks or game systems , for example , parents can modify their wireless access so that they cannot go online after 9:00 p.m on weeknights .
Internet access for each personal device connected to a Valet - from a computer , to a gaming system , to a smartphone - can be individually controlled or changed as needed for the particular child or teen , including blocking inappropriate web content .
In addition , Valet makes it easy to set up wireless access when friends or family come to visit .
With a completely separate wireless connection , guests can use their laptops or mobile phones around the house , while the main Valet home network remains highly secure and private .
Price and Availability
The new Valet line is offered in two models – Valet and Valet Plus – based on the size of the home and the mix of wired and wireless devices .
In addition , there is a simple Valet Connector to update older computers without built - in wireless capabilities or to upgrade to wireless - n.
Valet users have access to Cisco 's award - winning 24/ 7 phone support in the unlikely event they have a question or problem .
The Valet product line is available immediately at Amazon and Staples , and soon at Best Buy , Target , Wal - Mart and other leading retailers .
Valet
For small to medium - sized homes with primarily wireless devices .
MSRP : $ 99.99
Valet Plus For Medium to large homes with a mix of wireless and wired devices .
MSRP : $ 149.99
Valet Connector Upgrades an older computer to wireless and ideal complement to Valet or Valet Plus .
MSRP : $ 69.99
( CNN ) --
A man coolly and calmly approached the screening area outside the Pentagon Thursday evening and opened fire , grazing two Pentagon police officers before they returned fire , critically wounding him , officials said .
The incident happened at 6:40 p.m. , when the man wearing a coat -- with " no real emotion in his face " -- approached the officers outside the Pentagon Metro station , said Pentagon Police Chief Richard S. Keevill .
" As the officers started to ask him for his pass to get into the Pentagon , he drew a weapon from his pocket and started shooting immediately at the officers " from a few feet away , Keevill told reporters .
" He drew a gun and just started shooting immediately . "
The two Pentagon Force Protection Agency officers returned fire with their semi-automatic Glock .40 - caliber weapons and the suspect , thought to be a U.S. citizen , was critically wounded , Keevill said .
He praised the police officers for acting " quickly and decisively to neutralize him as a threat " without hurting anyone else .
Asked how many shots were fired , he said , " Many . "
Keevill would not identify the man .
The Pentagon Force Protection Agency is the Pentagon 's police department .
Pentagon entrances were locked briefly but all were reopened with the exception of the Pentagon Metro entrance , the Pentagon said in a statement .
Lisa McDonald , a spokeswoman for George Washington Hospital , said three people were being treated there -- both officers and the suspect .
The Pentagon police department , the Arlington County Police Department , U.S. Secret Service and the FBI were all involved in the investigation , Keevill said .
The Pentagon is one of the largest office buildings in the world with three times the floor space of New York 's Empire State Building , according to its official Web site .
Some 23,000 military and civilian employees work there .
Are you there ?
Send images , video
Though it contains 17.5 miles of corridors , a person can walk between any two points in the World War II - era building in no more than seven minutes .
CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Larry Shaughnessy and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this story .
Expanding on a provocative article she wrote for The Atlantic Monthly in 2008 , and interviewing , among many others , therapists , members of the clergy , and both single and married people , Gottlieb makes a case that many women today end up alone because they hold men to insanely high standards .
The feminist ideal of having it all , on our own terms , she argues , “ is exactly how many of us empowered ourselves out of a good mate . ”
Image Lori Gottlieb Credit ... Leigh Manacher
The author treads good - naturedly over taboos , asking whether the “ Go , girl ! ” ethos has run amok and our hard - won professional identities have become lonely traps .
While she believes the workplace can be a fertile hunting ground , she also notes that men are often less impressed than we expect by our brilliant careers .
Gottlieb ’s triumph of experience over hope is not as depressing as it sounds .
She skewers herself and her post - ­feminist peers so accurately and disarmingly that we wish we knew an unattached man to fix her up with .
She convinces us that we women are simply too fussy , entitled and downright delusional about our own worth in the mating marketplace .
We overanalyze and seek undiluted sexual and intellectual fulfillment , thus setting men up for failure .
Gottlieb ’s female subjects complain :
He “ brought me flowers , but cheesy ones . ”
“ He was too optimistic . ”
He “ loved me too much . ”
One whines about a boyfriend ’s onerous demands for sex , even while reporting that it was the best sex she ’d ever had .
Another confides that “ boring guys are n’t funny , but they think you ’re funny . ”
Gottlieb ’s own checklist , now discarded , included the following specs : “ talented but humble , ” “ creative but not an artist , ” “ over 5 - 10 but under 6 feet . ”
But her male subjects add jarring perspective .
Women may hold the cards when they ’re in their 20s , one 35 - year - old man says , but by the time they ’re in their 30s , “ it ’s the opposite . ”
A psychologist tells Gottlieb he is seeing in women “ a heightened sense of entitlement that previous generations did n’t have , ” adding that our mothers did n’t expect to be thrilled and charmed at all times by their husbands .
Today ’s woman , by contrast , often “ sees herself as too good for an ordinary relationship . ”
Published by Jennifer
Republished with permission
Jennifer Eolin for Bacon Freak : Hi , Nicky .
Thanks for doing this interview with me .
Nicky Stein - Grohs :
Of course , Jennifer .
How could I turn down an opportunity to discuss bacon ?
Jennifer : I saw your bacon bra photo on the internet and thought , “ Man , I need to know this lady . ”
Jennifer continues :
So let ’s start at the beginning , what brought you to bacon ?
Nicky : Hmmm , probably the deliciousness .
Jennifer :
That is reason enough !
So how long have you been addicted to bacon ?
Nicky : I would n’t say I ’m addicted .
But I love it .
Sometimes I want to be a vegetarian but I think I ’d be a “ bacontarian ” instead .
I think my love for bacon has been growing for most of my life .
I think it came to a culmination a couple years ago .
I was dating a guy who really liked to cook breakfast and breakfast is my favorite meal .
We ate a lot of bacon , he introduced me to bacon and cream cheese on a bagel which is now my favorite , and I started experimenting with combinations .
Jennifer : OOO – bacon and cream cheese is heavenly .
What kind of combinations are you trying ?
Nicky :
Have you tried the Elvis sandwich ?
Jennifer : No !
What is it ?
Nicky : Banana , bacon , and peanut butter .
Jennifer : Excuse me while I swoon .
Nicky : Yeah , be sure to try it right after this interview !
I had my first annual Bring Your Own Bacon party in July of 2008 .
Everyone brings a bacon dish .
The 3rd one is coming up in April !
People started buying me bacon gifts and sending me all sorts of interesting bacon articles around that time , so I guess that was the start to this bacon - love .
Jennifer : A BYOB party with a porky twist .
I love it !
So describe how you went from “ I love to eat bacon ! ” to “ I wonder what it ’s like to wear bacon ? ”
Nicky : I am sorry to say I do n’t remember the exact moment .
I had been reading a couple bacon blogs , including Bacon Freak , and I ’d seen some raw bacon bras around on the internet .
I thought : “ Bacon bra !
Awesome !
But it ’s raw .
Kind of gross ! ”
Jennifer : Yeah , the raw one freaks me out .
Nicky :
So I started thinking about making a cooked bacon bra and wearing bacon just seemed like an added bonus of making the bra .
I ran it by my Titter friends –
Jennifer : Titter ?
Nicky : Yes , you heard right .
Anyway , someone thought I could n’t make a cooked bacon bra .
So then it was a challenge .
And I ca n’t turn down a challenge .
Jennifer : Of course not !
So how did you plan the bacon bra ?
Did you have a “ pattern ” ?
Nicky : I asked my friend , Neely , to help me with the bra and we brainstormed a little .
She found a recipe for bacon cups to put salads in , or something .
So we followed that for the temperature and cooking times .
The first attempt at the bacon bra was sort of a failure .
I was clutching greasy , dripping bacon , holding it over my breasts , while she took a picture of me .
I looked ridiculous .
We sort of got the idea to weave the bacon but did n’t really implement it very well .
For Bacon Bra 2.0 we knew we wanted to start by weaving bacon and cooking it longer since the inside was so soft and greasy the first time .
We kind of had a pattern .
Both times we took tin foil and put it over my breasts to make a mold .
Then we rolled tin foil balls to put under the tin foil boobs because the bacon is pretty heavy .
We cooked the bacon on that .
Nicky continues : I have a lot of photos of the process since I had a photographer for Bacon Bra 2.0 , my friend Alex who took some great shots .
Jennifer : How much bacon did you use on the bra ?
Nicky : I used one package of bacon .
I think it was a lb .
Jennifer : I gotta know , how comfortable was the bacon bra ?
Nicky :
The bacon bra was n’t really comfortable but it was uncomfortable either .
It was kind of greasy but if you love bacon you are n’t afraid of a little bacon grease .
The inside was still a little less cooked than the outside , so it was n’t crispy .
No one wants crispy bacon rubbing on their breasts .
Jennifer : How long did it last ?
Did you throw it out ?
Was it a sad day ?
Nicky :
It lasted through the photo shoot .
There are quite a few pictures of bacon strips starting to fall off me .
There ’s a few where Neely is biting them and a few where my dog , Ninja , is trying to get a snack from it , too .
One side stayed together pretty well though .
I took it off after the photos were taken .
And no , I did n’t throw it away .
We ate it .
Jennifer : GOOD WOMAN !
Nicky :
The 3 of us munched on it for a while , and then I put the rest in my fridge and snacked on it .
I do n’t believe in throwing away bacon .
Even if it ’s been on boobs .
It ’s probably better that way anyway .
Jennifer :
So I have to ask , has this helped your dating life ?
Nicky : I would n’t say it ’s made a huge difference .
Since I posted the photo , I definitely think I ’m getting more friend requests from random guys I do n’t know on | Facebook .
And also one old lady .
But I ’m not getting a lot of hot men asking me if they can take me out for breakfast .
So if you know any who want to , send ‘em my way .
Especially if they cook .
Jennifer :
What ’s next in your line of “ bacon couture ” ?
Nicky : Jennifer , thanks for the idea for the domain name .
I love it .
Jennifer :
You ’re welcome !
Make sure to remember me in your acceptance speech for best bacon attire .
Anyways , you were saying …
Nicky : I ’m working on something for an event here in Minneapolis on the 30th .
It ’s not clothing , but it ’s wearable and made out of bacon .
I do n’t want to ruin the surprise but if you follow me on bacontits .com you ’ll find out about it soon enough .
And if all goes well , I ’ll be wearing a bacon dress to my B.Y.O. Bacon party in April .
I ’m getting inspiration from a meat dress made by artist Jana Sterbak that a friend told me about .
Hopefully I can get started soon .
Jennifer : Wow .
Do you have a website / twitter so we can follow your bacon adventures ?
Nicky : I recently started up www.bacontits.com and that ’s where you can find out about my bacon adventures .
I ’m going to also talk about some fun bacon products and recipes in between bacon wearables , like all the dishes that show up and the B.Y.O. Bacon party .
I ’m also going to be selling a bacon pendant made by a local Minneapolis artist and hopefully some other bacon jewelry very soon .
My twitter account is @formica_dinette – you can follow my bacon adventures and non-bacon adventures there .
Jennifer : Nicky , thank you so much for sitting down and talking bacon with me .
Nicky :
Thanks ,
Jennifer , it ’s been fun !
Now go try that Elvis sandwich !
EDITOR ’S NOTE : Nicky now owns “ baconcouture.com ” as of this interview !
Squee !
– Jennifer Eolin
Categorised in : Bacon News
This post was written by Jennifer
MPs say a review of anti-terror laws should be an urgent priority
All counter - terrorism laws passed since 11 September 2001 should be reviewed to see if they are still necessary , says a committee of MPs and peers .
It questioned whether ministers could legitimately argue , nine years on , that a " public emergency threatening the life of the nation " remained .
And it said the government 's " narrow " definition of what amounted to complicity in torture was " worrying " .
The government says the threat from terrorism remains " real and serious " .
In its report , Parliament 's joint committee on human rights said it was pleased to see that ministers said a commitment to human rights " underpinned " counter - terrorism work .
But it said " all too often " this were " squeezed out by the imperatives of national security and public safety " .
Detention concern
It said the government should drop entirely its plan to extend the period terrorism suspects can be held without charge from 28 to 42 days .
The plan was shelved in the face of opposition in the House of Lords but remains as a draft bill , to be enacted if needed .
The committee said the draft bill was " alarmingly broad " .
MI6 chief Sir John Scarlett denied security services were complicit in torture
The need for the current 28 - day limit , extended from 14 days in 2005 , should be revisited and bail should be considered " in principle " for some terrorist suspects , the committee said .
It complained that the intelligence agencies ' insistence on control over the examination and transcription of intercept evidence - like phone taps - amounted to a " de facto veto " of efforts to see it used as evidence in court .
' Deleterious effect '
The committee asked whether it was realistic to continue to say the same state of emergency as in September 2001 still remained .
The government then used the " public emergency test " to derogate from the European Convention on Human Rights , so it could detain foreign terrorist suspects without trial .
That was ruled illegal in 2005 , but the committee said the government had " never relinquished its assertion that there is a public emergency threatening the life of the nation " - something which had a " deleterious effect on public debate " about anti-terror laws .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The committee pointed out that the threat level had fluctuated between " critical " and " substantial " , according to the assessment of the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre ( JTAC ) .
The government argued that the JTAC assessment and the " public emergency test " were independent of each other - the committee disagreed .
It added : " In our view it devalues the idea of a ' public emergency ' to declare it in 2001 , and then to continue to assert it more than eight years later . "
The committee has already called for a full inquiry into claims UK security services were complicit in the torture of terrorism suspects - a claim denied by the head of MI6 .
' Worrying change '
The government denies any complicity in torture , saying it " unreservedly condemns " it and does not " participate in , solicit , encourage of condone torture " .
But the committee said ministers ' definition of " complicity " was " very much narrower " than that of the committee .
The government said its position was " that the receipt of intelligence should not occur where it is known or believed that receipt would amount to encouragement to the intelligence services of other states to commit torture " .
The committee said that was a " significant and worrying change in definition " .
The threat to the UK from terrorism remains real and serious and we are committed to doing all we can to protect our nation 's security
Send us your comments
Home Office
The wide - ranging report also says the independent reviewer of terrorism laws - currently Lord Carlisle - should be appointed by , and report directly to Parliament and criticises the head of MI5 , Jonathan Evans , for choosing not to appear before the committee in public .
The committee 's chairman , the Labour MP Andrew Dismore , said : " There is no question that we face a serious threat from terrorism , or that we need legislation to counter that threat .
" The question is , are the counter - terror measures we have in place justifiable , on an ongoing basis , in light of the most up - to - date information we have . "
He said a " thoroughgoing , evidence - based review " of counter - terrorism laws passed since 2001 should be " an urgent priority for the next Parliament " .
' Real threat '
A Home Office spokeswoman said a full response to the report would be released in due course .
But she added : " We are pleased that the committee recognises our commitment to human rights , which are at the heart of our counter - terrorism legislation .
" The threat to the UK from terrorism remains real and serious and we are committed to doing all we can to protect our nation 's security while protecting individual liberties using the proper safeguards . "
Shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling said all counter - terrorism laws passed since 2001 should be reviewed as a matter of urgency .
" The committee is right to question whether all of the legislation introduced since 2001 is proving effective or necessary , " he said .
" But even more important is the need to stop the use of terror laws for other purposes , like routine stop and search and local authorities ' surveillance of recycling habits . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " We 're going to use CMMI .
It 's a model for developing a process to creat a framework . "
The Boss says , " Or it might be a process for creating a framework to make a model . "
The Boss says , " There 's no budget for training , so we 'll be relying on guessing more than usual . "
This is a very original game .
You are a magical warrior in a magical world full of fog and evil creatures .
You need to pass various levels defeating numerous enemies on your way .
You walk left and right with A and D and jump with W or with space .
If you press jump once you simply jump .
If you hold the jump key you lower down slowly .
If you press the jump key twice , you double jump .
If you press the jump key 3 times , you jump and attack downwards .
Added 23 - Jun-09
Played 100,224 times
Add to Favorites
In favorites
Rate
Thanks for rating this game
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Saturday announced he would make 15 recess appointments held up by Republicans , including two top Treasury Department positions and two on the National Labor Relations Board that have been vacant for more than a year .
President Barack Obama departs the White House in Washington for a weekend at Camp David , Maryland March 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
The move intensifies an already bitter partisan atmosphere in Washington and Republicans swiftly condemned the action for sidestepping Congress , which goes into recess for its spring vacation on Monday .
Recess appointments , which have been used by both parties , evade potentially difficult Senate confirmations required for senior federal posts by making the appointments on an interim basis when lawmakers are out of town .
Obama ’s Democrats lost their 60 - seat super majority in the Senate in January , denying them the votes needed to overcome procedural delays by Republicans .
Obama accused Republicans of playing politics by obstructing his nominations , and calculated the appointments had already been held up for an average of 214 days .
“ I simply cannot allow partisan politics to stand in the way of the basic functioning of government , ” said Obama , who days ago signed historic healthcare reform despite bitter Republican opposition .
The two top Treasury posts are for Jeffrey Goldstein , an executive at a New York private equity firm and a former managing director at the World Bank , for under secretary for domestic finance ; and Michael Mundaca , a senior policy advisor at Treasury , for assistant secretary for tax policy .
“ At a time of economic emergency , two top appointees to the Department of Treasury have been held up for nearly six months , ” Obama said in a statement .
The appointments on the NLRB , a five - seat body that has been functioning with only two members for the last two years , are labor lawyers Craig Becker and Mark Pearce .
The NLRB decides cases involving workers ’ rights to form and join unions and the nominations are part of a bigger fight between Democrats and their labor allies and the Republicans and their business allies .
Republican Senator John McCain , who in February helped block Becker ’s confirmation , said he was disappointed by Obama ’s decision .
Becker has served as associate general counsel for the AFL - CIO as well as for the Service Employees International Union .
“ The U.S. Senate rejected this highly controversial and partisan nominee , and once again the administration showed that it had little respect for the time honored constitutional roles and procedures of Congress , ” McCain said in a statement .
The White House said Obama has a total of 217 nominees pending before the Senate , including 34 nominees pending for more than six months .
Comparing Obama ’s track record with his predecessor , Republican George W. Bush , the White House said Bush had made 15 recess appointments at this stage in his presidency , but argued he faced far less obstruction from Congress .
When the Sun sets in the evening of Saturday , March 20 , 2010 , it will be crossing the celestial equator , as spring begins in the Northern Hemisphere and autumn in the Southern .
See the equinox as the Moon and Pleiades are close together .
On Saturday night , March 20 , 2010 , the Sun will be crossing the celestial equator , going from the southern portion of Earth 's orbital plane to the northern part .
It is one of two days each year in which the length of the day is approximately identical to the length of the night .
As such , it is called the equinox '” spring ( vernal ) equinox for the Northern Hemisphere and fall ( autumn ) equinox for the Southern Hemisphere .
All of this happens because the Earth is tilted about 23.5 degrees on its axis of rotation with respect to the plane of its orbit around the Sun .
So , on about half of its orbit around the Sun the Earth is tilted away from the Sun , and on the other half it is tilted toward the Sun .
Specifically , during two points on its orbit , the Sun is crossing the celestial equator , which means that nearly equal amounts of sunlight are falling on the Northern Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere , and the amount of daylight and amount of darkness at night are approximately of equal length .
Along with this equinox event , the Moon will also be about one - third of the way above the horizon on the evening of March 20 , 2010 -- just after the Sun sets .
Look toward the western portion of the sky , just about the time that the Sun fades completely from view and darkness sets in .
And the Moon will be closely joined by the Pleiades , an open star cluster within the constellation Taurus .
View the Moon and Pleiades with at least binoculars , for the best possible viewing experience .
On page two , check out a Sky Map of the March 20 , 2010 evening sky at SpaceWeather.com 's webpage ' Happy Equinox . ' 
Also called the Seven Sisters ( or Messier object 45 ) , the Pleiades are among the closest star clusters to our Solar System , and also one of the more noticeable ones in the night sky due to its very luminous grouping of stars .
The Seven Sisters refer to the seven stars that are visible to the naked eye , here on Earth .
They are Sterope , Merope , Electra , Maia , Taygete , Celaeno , and Alcyone .
Together they look like a little dipper , but not the real Little Dipper , or the constellation Ursa Minor ( Little Bear ) in the Northern Hemisphere .
See a picture of their position in relation to each other at ' The Pleiades . ' 
According to the March 19 , 2010 NASA article Equinox Sky Show , ' The Moon and the Pleiades are having a close encounter of rare beauty .
There 's so little space between the two , the edge of the Moon will actually cover some of cluster 's lesser stars . "
" According to David Dunham of the International Occultation Timing Association , this is the best Moon - Pleiades meeting over the United States until the year 2023 .'
Page three concludes with more interesting stuff to see on Saturday night as you look up into the night sky .
Learn more about Mid-Atlantic Occultations to early April 2010 at '
This is the last Pleiades occultation for the USA until 2023 !
' It begins , ' For non-astronomers , " occultation " is a term that astronomers use for an eclipse of a star by an asteroid or by the Moon . '
And , learn more about " Earthshine , " something you 'll see Saturday night , as you look at the crescent Moon .
Check out the 10.4.2005 NASA article The Da Vinci Glow , which states , " Five hundred years ago , Leonardo Da Vinci solved an ancient astronomical riddle : the mystery of Earthshine . "
The strikes hit near Rafah in southern Gaza
At least 11 people have been injured by Israeli air strikes targeting Gaza 's airport , Palestinian officials say .
The Israeli military confirmed the missile strikes near Rafah , in southern Gaza , which it said targeted militants .
It was the second night of Israeli raids since a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip killed a worker on an Israeli farm on Thursday .
Earlier , the international Middle East Quartet called for Israel to freeze all settlements in the occupied West Bank .
In a strongly worded statement , the Quartet condemned Israel 's announcement last week of planning permission for 1,600 new homes in East Jerusalem , occupied by Israel since 1967 .
That move undermined efforts to restart indirect Israeli - Palestinian talks .
Response to fire Friday 's missiles hit Gaza 's long disused international airport and tunnels dug by militants near the border with Israel .
On Thursday , Israeli missiles hit smuggling tunnels and a metal workshop in Gaza , but there were no reports of serious injuries .
An Israeli military spokesman said the strikes were a response to five rockets fired at Israel from Gaza in the past two days - including one that killed a farm worker from Thailand in a kibbutz in southern Israel .
He was the first person to be killed by rocket fire in southern Israel since the Israeli campaign in Gaza last year .
Stalled talks ANALYSIS Kim Ghattas , BBC News , Moscow
Hillary Clinton seems to believe that the spat over settlements with Israel might produce something positive .
In a BBC interview she appeared to concede that escalating the tone with the Israelis had been a risk but she said it was " paying off " .
She added she believed there would be a " resumption of the negotiating track soon " .
In other words , pressure on Israel is working .
But the pressure will have to continue if there are to be concrete results .
Israeli officials are already pushing back .
Mrs Clinton said Benjamin Netanyahu had committed to peace and she made clear she expected him to deliver .
She added it was his responsibility to bring the whole of his government , a right - wing coalition , on board .
Speaking for the Quartet , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said : " Recalling that the annexation of East Jerusalem is not recognised by the international community , the Quartet ... condemns the decision by the government of Israel to advance planning for new housing units in East Jerusalem . "
Mr Ban stated the goal of an Israeli - Palestinian peace agreement - including a Palestinian state - within two years .
The UN chief is due in Ramallah on Saturday morning , the first stop on a weekend visit to the region .
He spoke after talks in Moscow with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the other Quartet foreign ministers - new EU foreign policy chief Baroness Ashton and Russia 's Sergei Lavrov .
Speaking to the BBC , Mrs Clinton indicated that hardening the tone with Israel had paid off , with talks now back in prospect .
" I think we are going to see the resumption of the negotiating track , and that means that is paying off , because that is our goal , " she said .
Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat welcomed the Quartet statement and urged the creation of a " surveillance mechanism " on Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
But Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said the Quartet timetable was unrealistic and ignored " the last 16 years of Israeli attempts " at negotiating with the Palestinians .
US envoy George Mitchell is due to visit the region on Sunday in an effort to re-launch stalled peace talks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Okay , we 'll break these apart like Apple does -- first the ones from the federal lawsuit , and then the ones from the ITC complaint .
Remember , though , we 're just summarizing the major claims of each patent here to get a sense of the issues , so do n't go reading too much into this -- even Apple and HTC have to appear before a judge and have a hearing to determine exactly what these patents mean before the case can go to trial , and we 're by no means experts .
Click through for the real deal and maybe call a lawyer over for pizza if you want to get super technical .
Feds first , here we go :
Patent # 7,362,331 : Time - Based , Non-Constant Translation Of User Interface Objects Between States
This is an interface patent granted in 2008 -- it 's not specifically related to phones .
According to the claims , it 's a method of moving a GUI object along a path with a non-constant velocity for a period of time -- one of the claims specifically covers minimizing windows with a scaling effect like OS X , and two others describe a row of icons that rearranges itself when icons are added or removed , just like the iPhone 's app dock .
Patent # 7,479,949 : Touch Screen Device , Method , And Graphical User Interface For Determining Commands By Applying Heuristics
We did this one at length after it was issued in January of last year -- check out our Palm discussion for more .
The big one here is scroll behavior : starting a scroll in a single direction locks you in that direction , but starting it at an angle lets you pan around freely -- just like the Android browser .
Patent # 7,657,849 : Unlocking A Device By Performing Gestures On An Unlock Image
This one 's cute ' cause it 's brand new -- seriously , it was just granted on February 2 .
It 's almost exactly what it says on the tin : it covers unlocking a touchscreen device by moving an unlock image .
It 's broad enough for us to say that it covers virtually every unlock behavior we 've seen on phones , not just the iPhone 's slide - to - unlock implementation .
Patent # 7,469,381 : List Scrolling And Document Translation , Scaling , And Rotation On A Touch - Screen Display
Yep , we covered this 2008 patent in our Palm piece too -- well remembered , friends .
Jump back to that for the full details , but the executive summary is that it covers the iPhone 's distinctive scroll - back - and - bounce behavior .
Patent # 5,920,726 : System And Method For Managing Power Conditions Within A Digital Camera Device
Granted in 1999 , this patent is surprisingly broad -- it flatly covers managing power in a digital camera device to a power manager that sends state information to a processor controlling the camera .
Patent # 7,633,076 : Automated Response To And Sensing Of User Activity In Portable Devices
This was issued in October of 2009 , and it 's really quite specific : it covers a phone with multitouch input , a proximity sensor , and an ambient light sensor , which allows input when the sensors indicate one condition and does n't allow input in others .
In simple terms ?
It 's how the iPhone shuts off the touchscreen when you hold it to your ear , a scenario that 's specifically called out in the claims .
Patent # 5,848,105 : GMSK Signal Processors For Improved Communications Capacity And Quality
The year was 1998 , and times were lean in Cupertino .
Steve Jobs had just returned to Apple , and although the company 's fortunes were turning with the introduction of the iMac , it was clear that a true breakout was needed .
" We have the answer ! " cried William A. Garnder and Stephan V. Schell , two of the company 's employees .
" We 'll develop an an apparatus for extracting a signal of interest from a plurality of spectrally and temporally overlapping input signals containing digital data having a bit rate ! "
Years later , this patent would thoroughly confuse a young lawyer simply trying to make sense of this mad , mad world .
Patent # 7,383,453 : Conserving Power By Reducing Voltage Supplied To An Instruction - Processing Portion Of A Processor
Another deeply technical patent , granted in 2008 .
On reading the claims , we 're going to hazard a guess and say it covers powering down a processor when told to sleep , but this sort of patent is exactly why this litigation will take years and require many hearing to determine exactly what 's covered .
Patent # 5,455,599 : Object - Oriented Graphic System
This is the oldest patent of the bunch , issued in 1995 .
( You can really get a sense for how Apple 's counsel has changed the way it writes patents over time by reading all of these , by the way .
The older ones are really quite terse . )
Again , it 's technical to the point where we do n't feel comfortable saying exactly what it means , but it covers building graphics objects with a processor and outputting them through various means .
Given the fact that this predates Steve Jobs ' return to Apple , we 'd say this one was thrown in because Apple 's lawyers think it 's particularly strong , not because it has something to do with phones specifically .
Patent # 6,424,354 : Object - Oriented Event Notification System With Listener Registration Of Both Interests And Methods
This one is actually quite interesting : it 's from 2002 and is illustrated with drawing from Mac OS 9 , but it covers event notifications passed among objects -- a system specifically described in the abstract as presenting a context - sensitive menu on the screen .
That 's very much the core of the Android UI , if you think about it .
We do n't know exactly what Apple thinks HTC is infringing with this patent , but it 's one to keep an eye on , since it could have huge implications .
Okay , that 's it for the federal case .
Ready for the patents claimed in the ITC complaint ?
They 're even more dryly technical , it 's going to be a blast .
This one 's fun -- it 's actually an old NeXT patent from 1996 .
And we 're talking old - school NeXT -- the inventors are listed as Betrand Serlet , Avie Tevanian , and Lee Boynton .
Anyway , this one is large , broad , and technical : it covers passing objects in an OS between processes by way of a proxy object .
Again , given that this is primarily an OS patent and that Apple claims all of HTC's Android phones infringe it , it 's hard to shake the impression that this case is anything but a proxy for a larger fight to come .
andApple lumps these older OS patents together , so we are too .
' 867 is from 1996 and covers accessing OS level services in a multithreaded way ; '983 is from 2001 and describes an OS in which apps can access native system services and those services can make use of data associated with an object .
Again , dry , technical -- and totally aimed at Android , not HTC itself .
Another OS patent from 1996 , this time relating to passing event notifications between objects -- like changing app behavior based on battery status .
If you 're not getting that Apple is targeting Android with the ITC case in particular by including low - level patents like these , there 's really nothing more we can do .
Oh , wait -- we can drop another six patents on your head .
This one is also interesting because of it's age -- it 's from 1999 , and describes a way for users to get at remotely - stored resources more effectively by using software " components " that deal with different data types .
Seriously , we 're almost impressed at how deeply Apple is pulling here .
' 647 , issued in 1999 , is what you might characterize as the " data detectors " patent -- it covers parsing data for known structures like phone numbers , address , and dates , and then taking action with that data .
The model described is client / server , though , so it remains to be seen how Android handles similar tasks .
You 're going to love this one : ' 705 is a 1999 patent covering a form of multitasking .
Specifically , it hits on the idea that a foreground app can direct a background process to go do some task while the foreground app remains responsive .
The actual implementation is a bit more specific , but in the end , it 's just another OS patent that 's aimed directly at Android .
Apple 's also claiming this one against Nokia .
Hey , a patent claim that 's aimed at HTC's WinMo phones as well as its Android phones !
That 's a new one .
This 2002 patent covers using a separate real - time API to control low - level systems like digital signal processors .
This is the one and only claim in the ITC complaint that touches on non-Android HTC devices .
It 's like that , people .
Apple 's also claiming this one against Nokia .
A 2002 patent hitting on multiple API usage in operating systems .
Guess which Google - designed OS Apple says infringes on this one ?
Oh , and yes -- Apple 's also claiming this one against Nokia .
This patent was originally issued in 2001 and then reissued in 2007 , and it covers -- surprise ! -- OS - level software .
Specifically , RE '486 covers organizing modular software " components " into a network layer with an API .
It 's more specific than that , but again , what 's important for our purposes here is that this is about low - level software , not devices -- and the HTC devices that Apple says infringe this patent all run low - level software from Google .
This is another one that Apple 's claiming against Nokia .
Okay , that 's all 20 patents .
Everyone still with us ?
Good .
So here are the takeaways : as of right now , it 's impossible to predict what 's going to happen in this case -- Apple and HTC could settle tomorrow , or it could turn into a ten year courtroom monster .
But what we do know is that Apple 's specifically gone after HTC's Android devices , and it 's organized its attack very carefully : it 's gone before the ITC with a collection of older patents on very deep OS - level functionality , which traditionally would be considered stronger patents , and it 's gone before the federal court with a different set of patents that include some very new claims on user interface features .
Both courts have the ability to stop HTC from selling devices and issuing fines , but none of that is going to happen anytime soon .
The real question now is how HTC is going to respond -- and whether or not Google is going to get involved .
Ehab Barghouti would not have been at the demonstration at all if his father Asdal had had his way .
Asdal found his son , 14 , on the road from their village of Beit Rima and ordered him into the car .
" I told him : ' You should n't go , you 're too young . '
He told me : ' I want to resist . '
I said : ' Do you want me to see you on TV ? ' "
But when Asdal stopped at a local garage and went in to talk to the mechanic , Ehab made his escape .
A few hours later he was unconscious in intensive care in Ramallah 's main hospital , a rubber - coated steel bullet having penetrated his skull .
He had been standing among a crowd of youths , well inside the nearby village of Nabi Saleh , on a hillside carpeted with the first daisies and wild flowers of spring .
Many of the youths were throwing stones at an unfinished house 25 metres away which had been occupied by armed Israeli Border Police some 15 minutes earlier .
Shortly after 2.30 pm a shot rang out , probably from the window , and Ehab dropped face down on the ground before being carried vomiting and bleeding from the wound above his right eye by four older men to relative safety back up the hill .
Even if freshly promised " proximity talks " between Israelis and Palestinians get under way , they are unlikely to halt the weekly protests that will take place after noon prayers today in some villages and tomorrow in others .
The Palestinian Authority did not start the weekly protests that have now spread to more than half a dozen West Bank villages .
And it is not leading them .
But a supportive Palestinian cabinet statement appeared to adopt their model last month , applauding that : " Peaceful and popular efforts have regained international recognition of the just Palestinian cause and revealed the void Israeli excuses for the construction of settlements and the wall . "
For something is happening in these villages nestling among the rocky hills and olive groves between Ramallah and Nablus .
The Israeli military does not accept the classification of the protests as non-violent ; most usually end in confrontations between stone - throwing Palestinian youths and armed police and troops .
But for the six years of such protests none of the Palestinians , in contrast to the security forces , have carried weapons .
If these are the first tentative stirrings of a new uprising , and it is doubtful they can be described as that yet , then they are closer to the beginnings in 1987 of the first intifada , the so - called " war of stones " , than the second , with its bloody record of suicide bombings between 2000 and around 2005 .
Some commentators have dubbed the protests – and the apparent endorsement of them by the internationally respected Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad – as the " white " intifada .
Either way the protests , and the Palestinian Authority 's refusal to condemn them , have provoked a strong reaction from Israel 's security establishment .
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported this week that Israel had warned the PA that if it did not " contain " the protests it would lose co-operation with Israel and there would be more arrests within the West Bank .
An unnamed Israeli security official was earlier quoted in the same paper as having told diplomats that the protests constituted an " existential " threat to Israel .
Except for the 10 real injuries ( eight to demonstrators and two to photographers ) , Nabi Saleh , where the villagers all belong to one clan , the Tamimis , last Friday had a flavour of Kabuki about it with Palestinians , supporting international and Israeli activists , and security forces all playing their part .
The march of perhaps 100 men , children and a few women started in bright sunshine from the middle of the village .
They began their descent along the main street chanting slogans like " National Unity : Fatah , Hamas , PFLP " .
They followed the road round to the left , past the petrol station and were still a good 800 metres from the main road ( Route 465 ) separating Nabi Saleh from the Israeli settlement of Halamish when the first tear gas canisters – along , say the protesters , with rubber bullets – were fired by the Israeli forces who had long taken up a position on a hilltop to the right .
Some marchers scrambled down the hillside to the right , others retreated back towards the village , while others continued to move forward .
There was perhaps an hour of cat - and - mouse between the Tamimi youths and the Israeli forces controlling the exits from Nabi Saleh , the former throwing stones that fell short of any target and the latter firing rubber bullets and tear gas canisters ( aluminium and rubber ) that hit and injured a few protesters before the forces began to advance into the village itself .
Three Jeeps advanced slowly up the road behind a white truck carrying a water cannon spraying " skunk " , a foul - smelling substance that leaves its odour for a week in the clothes of anyone who comes into direct contact with it .
Taking refuge with perhaps a dozen protesters in the back room of the petrol station you could hear the loud explosion of a stun grenade – and the firing of tear gas and rubber bullets to cover the front Jeep as it was pelted with stones – before it began to move slowly back down the road again .
It seemed all over .
But then the forces took over two houses , one the green building from which Ehab Barghouti , still in a coma yesterday , was shot .
Pictures taken by The Independent from earlier in the protest show him hanging back from the front lines .
But once the forces were inside the house , he was within range and in real danger .
According to the Israeli human rights agency B'tselem , the regulation minimum range for firing rubber bullets is 40 metres and such bullets must be fired only at legs and not fired at children .
Secondly , it is far from clear why the security forces occupied the house at all .
According to Ramzi Tamimi , 33 , one of the men who took the inert Ehab back up the hill : " As long as the soldiers stay away from the village and stay at the entrances , nothing happens .
They deliberately come to make friction with us . "
And beyond this is the fact that the entire protest took place on Palestinian land , land that if the putative peace talks ever had an outcome , would be part of a Palestinian state .
For the stated , and of course never reached , destination of the march was a spring a few metres on the other side of Route 465 , on what had long been Tamimi land .
But the Halamish residents now control the land – and the spring – to the extent that when the villagers tried to cultivate their olive trees last November , they say they were driven away by armed , stone - throwing settlers .
The military says that " rock - throwing is considered a serious offence , placing others at significant risk and endangering both public and regional security . "
But in Nabi Saleh the protesters were still marching peacefully , well within the village , and certainly not throwing stones when the military started firing tear gas .
At times the Israeli military has been deploying more lethal ammunition .
The more famous and longer - running protests against the separation barrier have been at Nilin and Bil'in ( where the IDF has finally decided to modify the route of the barrier so it will swallow up less of the villagers ' land , two - and - a - half years after a court order to do so ) .
At both it has fired .22 live ammunition and high - velocity tear gas projectiles which are intended by their US manufacturers to be used to penetrate walls rather than against open - air crowds .
It was one of these that severely wounded the US activist Tristan Anderson in the forehead in Nilin in March 2009 and has left him , after months in an Israeli hospital , with permanent brain damage .
Another killed a prominent Bil 'in protester Bassem abu Rahmah a month later .
According to the Popular Struggle Co-ordination committee , a loose body linking the local protest organisers , the .22 live bullets – which were proscribed for crowd - control by the military Advocate General in 2001 but reintroduced Operation Cast Lead in Gaza – have killed one demonstrator and injured 28 in Nilin alone since January last year .
Then there are the scores of arrests , frequently at night , including five in Nabi Saleh two days before last Friday 's demo .
The arrests – including 112 in Bil 'in alone since May 2008 – have worried European diplomats enough for them to form a rota to monitor the military court in Ofer where most of the detainees appear .
One day last week – in the additional presence of an official from the US Consulate General – one of the Bil 'in protest leaders , Abdullah Abu Rahmah , 39 , who has been in military detention since December , was remanded again on a series of charges including a bizarre one of illegal arms possession ; the indictment relates to Mr Abu Rahmah 's collection of spent tear gas canisters for an exhibition .
As his Israeli lawyer Gaby Lasky told the court , her client was in no different a position from the police in the Negev border town of Sderot who have a collection of exploded Qassam rockets fired from Gaza to show visitors .
" Because they are spent , they cannot be addressed as illegal arms , " she patiently explained to the military judge .
The case continues .
The military has also sought to move against another notable aspect of the protests , the supportive presence of the left - wing Israeli activists who now regularly join them .
The registration numbers of cars entering the West Bank through various checkpoints are checked against those of known Israeli participants .
Among the 15 Israelis taking part in Nabi Saleh last week was Jonathan Pollak , a 28 - year - old from Anarchists Against the Wall who is media co-ordinator on the joint committee .
Cybertron is n't just the homeworld of the Transformers ... it is a Transformer itself .
It was the first Transformer .
In War for Cybertron you get to explore the Civil War between the Autobots and the Decepticons as they blast their way across the planet .
At GDC we were treated to a long demo of the game , and yes , it looks good .
The characters were given all - new designs , and some of them will in fact be made into toys .
The game takes place before Optimus gains his " Prime " designation , and shows his early days of gaining the trust of the Autobots ; we get to see just how he learned to be a leader on the battleground .
On the flip side of things , the game explores how Megatron met Star Scream .
" We also explore why Megatron keeps this guy , who is basically a back - stabber , around , " we were told .
This game is taking the Transformers lore back to basics , and filling in some serious holes .
Luckily the gameplay seems to back the story up .
The action is fast , and the title of the game is n't trying to be clever ; this is a war game .
The battles are intense , and you 're given the ability to transform at will .
In one section we see Star Scream fly around a large room , shooting his adversaries , changing from his jet form back into robot form quickly and fluidly .
It looks great , and the expected sound effects are there .
The game is co-op , with up to three players joining the fray .
You choose from three characters every round , and players can jump in and out at will .
The co-op will be online - only — no split - screen .
The reason ?
The levels are large , the game uses Unreal Engine 3 , and no one wanted to compromise on the graphical fidelity .
There are many small details that show we 're on the Transformers home world .
When you grab a turret you actually transform into the machine , creating a weapon that is part gun and part ... you .
When you pick up a weapon it 's incorporated into your color scheme , so guns will look different depending on who is carrying them .
The consoles attach directly to the chests of the characters when you open and close doors .
" The scale of the game comes from the world , " we were told .
Doors are much larger than they need to be .
On our world these characters are huge , but on Cybertron they 're dwarfed by their surroundings .
You 'll also explore areas beneath the surface of the planet .
" This is a place where no one has been .
So you get to explore it alongside the characters . "
You 'll meet beings that may still be robotic , but they seem to have much more of a basis in biological design .
Over the course of the demo , we saw part of a boss fight with Omega Supreme , a character that towers above everyone else .
We were assured that it is impossible to make a Transformers game without the incomparable voice of Peter Cullen as Optimus .
The team focused on the gameplay first , and then layered in the Transformers .
Some games demo very well , and this may be one of them .
Still , it looked and sounded great .
The tiny details that make the world of the Transformers so endearing are all there .
The transition from robot to vehicle was done well , and the game allows you to use both at any time .
Good things happen when games are n't tied into a franchise ; look at how well last year 's X - Men Origins : Wolverine turned out by moving away from the film .
Transformers : War for Cybertron is coming to the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and PC ; we 're told to look for some big announcements when it comes to multiplayer before E3 .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/09/2010
0 out of a gajillion credible scientists agree : Under ENDA there will be 547 sexual orientations
by Jeremy Hooper
You thought it was bad when the Traditional Values Coalition listed 30 paraphilias that would supposedly be classified as " sexual orientations " under the Employment NonDiscrimination
Act ( even though credible science has already nipped that absurdity in the bud ) ?
Yea , well , check out the following .
This comes from propaganda that Janet Porter , Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt , and other far - right social conservatives are using to convince followers to send anti-ENDA letters to Congress :
547 SEXUAL DEVIANCES TO BE PROTECTED : YOU MUST PREFER TO HIRE THEM
Just like the Hate Crimes Bill , this ENDA bill broadly defines the phrase " sexual orientation " to include " gender , " and " gender identity " as federally - protected classes under the law , and without specific definitions of those words it will codify federal protection of up to 547 types of sexually deviant behaviors , including :
* Incest – sex with one ’s offspring ( a crime , of course )
* Necrophilia – sexual relations with a corpse , also a crime
* Pedophilia – sex with an underage child , another crime
* Zoophilia – bestiality , a crime in numerous states
* Voyeurism – a criminal offense in most states
* Fronteurism – a man rubbing against an unknown woman ’s buttocks
* Coprophilia – sexual arousal from feces
* Urophilia – sexual arousal from urine
* Source : Ridiculous ( yet eye - opening ) effort to kill ENDA through a militant campaign of outright lies
Medical science , Schmedical science .
They have a bill to kill .
So why the crucifix should they care what is , undeniably , considered to be a sexual orientation or gender identity / expression in this world ?
After all , 90 % of their supporters are just going to accept what they say anyway .
Oh , but that 's not even all .
This exact same effort also includes this graphic , meant to send the message that LGBT people are some sort of alien life form who will lead to the acceptance of all other extraterrestrials :
Yes , friends :
This is America 's " religious right " at work .
We just hope the aliens who are monitoring our planet will judge our planet 's sense of morality not by how vocal we Earthlings are in self - appointing ourselves to Team Righteous , but rather how righteously fed up some of us are with these same folks ' obvious and odious addiction to trafficking in outright fallacy .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Neal McDonough is a marvelous actor who elevates every role he plays , whether it ’s in Band of Brothers or Desperate Housewives .
So when he was suddenly replaced with David James Elliott 3 days into the filming on ABC ’s new series Scoundrels earlier this week , there had to be a story behind the story .
The move was officially explained as a casting change .
But , in fact , McDonough was sacked because of his refusal to do some heated love scenes with babelicious star ( and Botox pitchwoman ) Virginia Madsen .
The reason ?
He ’s a family man and a Catholic , and he ’s always made it clear that he wo n’t do sex scenes .
And ABC knew that .
Because he also did n’t get into action with Nicolette Sheridan on the network ’s Desperate Housewives when he played her psycho husband during Season 5 .
And he also did n’t do love scenes with his on - air girlfriend in his previous series , NBC ’s Boomtown , or that network ’s Medical Investigation .
“ It has cost him jobs , but the man is sticking to his principles , ” a source explained to me .
You ca n’t help but admire McDonough for sticking to his beliefs , even if he ’s poised to lose as much as $ 1 million in paydays for Scoundrels , which is based on the New Zealand series Outrageous Fortune centering on the matriarch ( Madsen ) of a family of criminals who decides it ’s time for her brood to go straight after her husband ( McDonough , now Elliott ) is sentenced to a long prison term .
( “ I thought these things only happened to women in LA ! , ” a source mused . )
When solving the initial value problem to an ordinary differential equation , such as
where is the unknown solution ( taking values in some finite - dimensional vector space ) , is the initial datum , and is some nonlinear function ( which we will take to be smooth for sake of argument ) , then one can construct a solution locally in time via the Picard iteration method .
There are two basic ideas .
The first is to use the fundamental theorem of calculus to rewrite the initial value problem ( 1 ) as the problem of solving an integral equation ,
The second idea is to solve this integral equation by the contraction mapping theorem , showing that the integral operator defined by
is a contraction on a suitable complete metric space ( e.g. a closed ball in the function space ) , and thus has a unique fixed point in this space .
This method works as long as one only seeks to construct local solutions ( for time in for sufficiently small ) , but the solutions constructed have a number of very good properties , including
Existence : A solution exists in the space ( and even in ) for sufficiently small .
: A solution exists in the space ( and even in ) for sufficiently small .
Uniqueness :
There is at most one solution to the initial value problem in the space ( or in smoother spaces , such as ) .
( For solutions in the weaker space we use the integral formulation ( 2 ) to define the solution concept . )
: There is at most one solution to the initial value problem in the space ( or in smoother spaces , such as ) .
( For solutions in the weaker space we use the integral formulation ( 2 ) to define the solution concept . )
Lipschitz continuous dependence on the data :
If is a sequence of initial data converging to , then the associated solutions converge uniformly to on ( possibly after shrinking slightly ) .
In fact we have the Lipschitz bound for large enough and , where is an absolute constant .
This package of properties is referred to as ( Lipschitz ) wellposedness .
This method extends to certain partial differential equations , particularly those of a semilinear nature ( linear except for lower order nonlinear terms ) .
For instance , if trying to solve an initial value problem of the form
where now takes values in a function space ( e.g. a Sobolev space ) , is an initial datum , is some ( differential ) operator ( independent of ) that is ( densely ) defined on , and is a nonlinearity which is also ( densely ) defined on , then ( formally , at least ) one can solve this problem by using Duhamel ’s formula to convert the problem to that of solving an integral equation
and one can then hope to show that the associated nonlinear integral operator
is a contraction in a subset of a suitably chosen function space .
This method turns out to work surprisingly well for many semilinear partial differential equations , and in particular for semilinear parabolic , semilinear dispersive , and semilinear wave equations .
As in the ODE case , when the method works , it usually gives the entire package of Lipschitz well - posedness : existence , uniqueness , and Lipschitz continuous dependence on the initial data , for short times at least .
However , when one moves from semilinear initial value problems to quasilinear initial value problems such as
in which the top order operator now depends on the solution itself , then the nature of well - posedness changes ; one can still hope to obtain ( local ) existence and uniqueness , and even continuous dependence on the data , but one usually is forced to give up Lipschitz continuous dependence at the highest available regularity ( though one can often recover it at lower regularities ) .
As a consequence , the Picard iteration method is not directly suitable for constructing solutions to such equations .
One can already see this phenomenon with a very simple equation , namely the one - dimensional constant - velocity transport equation
where we consider as part of the initial data .
( If one wishes , one could view this equation as a rather trivial example of a system .
to emphasis this viewpoint , but this would be somewhat idiosyncratic . )
One can solve this equation explicitly of course to get the solution
In particular , if we look at the solution just at time for simplicity , we have
Now let us see how this solution depends on the parameter .
One can ask whether this dependence is Lipschitz in , in some function space :
for some finite .
But using the Newton approximation
we see that we should only expect such a bound when ( and its translates ) lie in .
Thus , we see a loss of derivatives phenomenon with regard to Lipschitz well - posedness ; if the initial data is in some regularity space , say , then one only obtains Lipschitz dependence on in a lower regularity space such as .
We have just seen that if all one knows about the initial data is that it is bounded in a function space , then one usually cannot hope to make the dependence of on the velocity parameter Lipschitz continuous .
Indeed , one cannot even make it continuous uniformly in .
Given two values of that are close together , e.g. and , and a reasonable function space ( e.g. a Sobolev space , or a classical regularity space ) one can easily cook up a function that is bounded in but whose two solutions and separate in the norm at time , simply by choosing to be supported on an interval of width .
( Part of the problem here is that using a subtractive method to determine the distance between two solutions is not a physically natural operation when transport mechanisms are present that could cause the key features of ( such as singularities ) to be situated in slightly different locations .
In such cases , the correct notion of distance may need to take transport into account , e.g. by using metrics of Wasserstein type . )
On the other hand , one still has non-uniform continuous dependence on the initial parameters : if lies in some reasonable function space , then the map is continuous in the topology , even if it is not uniformly continuous with respect to .
( More succinctly : translation is a continuous but not uniformly continuous operation in most function spaces . )
The reason for this is that we already have established this continuity in the case when is so smooth that an additional derivative of lies in ; and such smooth functions tend to be dense in the original space , so the general case can then be established by a limiting argument , approximating a general function in by a smoother function .
We then see that the non-uniformity ultimately comes from the fact that a given function in may be arbitrarily rough ( or concentrated at an arbitrarily fine scale ) , and so the ability to approximate such a function by a smooth one can be arbitrarily poor .
In many quasilinear PDE , one often encounters qualitatively similar phenomena .
Namely , one often has local well - posedness in sufficiently smooth function spaces ( so that if the initial data lies in , then for short times one has existence , uniqueness , and continuous dependence on the data in the topology ) , but Lipschitz or uniform continuity in the topology is usually false .
However , if the data ( and solution ) is known to be in a high - regularity function space , one can often recover Lipschitz or uniform continuity in a lower - regularity topology .
Because the continuous dependence on the data in quasilinear equations is necessarily non-uniform , the arguments needed to establish this dependence can be remarkably delicate .
As with the simple example of the transport equation , the key is to approximate a rough solution by a smooth solution first , by smoothing out the data ( this is the non-uniform step , as it depends on the physical scale ( or wavelength ) that the data features are located ) .
But for quasilinear equations , keeping the rough and smooth solution together can require a little juggling of function space norms , in particular playing the low - frequency nature of the smooth solution against the high - frequency nature of the residual between the rough and smooth solutions .
Below the fold I will illustrate this phenomenon with one of the simplest quasilinear equations , namely the initial value problem for the inviscid Burgers ’ equation
which is a modification of the transport equation ( 3 ) in which the velocity is no longer a parameter , but now depends ( and is , in this case , actually equal to ) the solution .
To avoid technicalities we will work only with the classical function spaces of times continuously differentiable functions , though one can certainly work with other spaces ( such as Sobolev spaces ) by exploiting the Sobolev embedding theorem .
To avoid having to distinguish continuity from uniform continuity , we shall work in a compact domain by assuming periodicity in space , thus for instance restricting to the unit circle .
This discussion is inspired by this survey article of Nikolay Tzvetkov , which further explores the distinction between well - posedness and ill - posedness in both semilinear and quasilinear settings .
— 1 . A priori estimates —
To avoid technicalities let us make the a priori assumption that all solutions of interest are smooth .
The Burgers equation is a pure transport equation : it moves the solution around , but does not increase or decrease its values .
As a consequence we obtain an a priori estimate for the norm :
To deal with the norm , we perform the standard trick of differentiating the equation , obtaining
which we rewrite as a forced transport equation
Inspecting what this equation does at local maxima in space , one is led ( formally , at least ) to the differential inequality
which leads to an a priori estimate of the form
for some absolute constant , if is sufficiently small depending on .
More generally , the same arguments give
for , where depends only on , and is sufficiently small depending on .
( Actually , if one works a little more carefully , one only needs sufficiently small depending on . )
The a priori estimates are not quite enough by themselves to establish local existence of solutions in the indicated function spaces , but in practice , once one has a priori estimates , one can usually work a little bit harder to then establish existence , for instance by using a compactness , viscosity , or penalty method .
We will not discuss this topic here .
— 2 . Lipschitz continuity at low regularity —
Now let us consider two solutions to Burgers ’ equation from two different initial data , thus
and
We want to say that if and are close in some sense , then and will stay close at later times .
For this , the standard trick is to look at the difference of the two solutions .
Subtracting ( 6 ) from ( 7 ) we obtain the difference equation for :
We can view the evolution equation in ( 8 ) as a forced transport equation :
This leads to a bound for how the norm of grows :
Applying Gronwall ’s inequality , one obtains the a priori inequality
and hence by ( 5 ) we have
if is sufficiently small ( depending on the norm of ) .
Thus we see that we have Lipschitz dependence in the topology … but only if at least one of the two solutions already had one higher derivative of regularity , so that it was in instead .
More generally , by using the trick of differentiating the equation , one can obtain an a priori inequality of the form
for some depending only on , for sufficiently small depending on .
Once again , to get Lipschitz continuity at some regularity , one must first assume one higher degree of regularity on one of the solutions .
This loss of derivatives is unfortunate , but this is at least good enough to recover uniqueness : setting in , say , ( 9 ) we obtain uniqueness of solutions ( locally in time , at least ) , thanks to the trivial fact that two functions that agree in norm automatically agree in norm also .
( One can then boost local uniqueness to global uniqueness by a continuity argument . )
— 3 . Non-uniform continuity at high regularity —
Let be a sequence of data converging in the topology to a limit .
As and are then uniformly bounded in , existence theory then gives us solutions , to the associated initial value problems
and
for all in some uniform time interval .
From ( 5 ) we know that the and are uniformly bounded in norm ( for small enough ) .
From the Lipschitz continuity ( 9 ) we know that converges to in norm .
But does converge to in the norm ?
The answer is yes , but the proof is remarkably delicate .
A direct attempt to control the difference between and in , following the lines of the previous argument , requires something to be bounded in .
But we only have and bounded in .
However , note that in the arguments of the previous section , we do n’t need both solutions to be in ; it ’s enough for just one solution to be in .
Now , while neither nor are bounded in yet , what we can do is to introduce a third solution , which is regularised to lie in and not just in , while still being initially close to and hence to in norm .
The hope is then to show that and are both close to in , which by the triangle inequality will make and close to each other .
Unfortunately , in order to get the regularised solution close to initially , the norm of ( and hence of ) may have to be quite large .
But we can compensate for this by making the distance between and quite small .
The two effects turn out to basically cancel each other and allow one to proceed .
Let ’s see how this is done .
( The argument here originates from this paper of Bona and Smith . )
Consider a solution which is initially close to in norm ( and very close in norm ) , and also has finite ( but potentially large ) norm ; we will quantify these statements more precisely later .
Once again , we set and , giving a difference equation which we now write as
in order to take advantage of the higher regularity of .
For the norm , we have
for sufficiently small , thanks ( 9 ) and the uniform bounds .
For the norm , we first differentiate ( 12 ) to obtain
and thus
The first two terms on the RHS are thanks to the uniform bounds .
The third term is by ( 13 ) and a priori estimates ( here we use the fact that the time of existence for bounds can be controlled by the norm ) .
Using Gronwall ’s inequality , we conclude that
and thus
Similarly one has
and so by the triangle inequality we have
for sufficiently large .
Note how the norm in the second term is balanced by the norm .
We can exploit this balance as follows .
Let be a small quantity , and let , where is a suitable approximation to the identity .
A little bit of integration by parts using the bound on then gives the bounds
and
and
This is not quite enough to get anything useful out of ( 14 ) .
But to do better , we can use the fact that , being uniformly continuous , has some modulus of continuity , thus one has
as .
Using this , one can soon get the improved estimates
and
as .
Applying ( 14 ) , we thus see that
for sufficiently large , and the continuity claim follows .
Ksplice : Upgrade / Patch Your Linux Kernel Without Reboots
All Linux distributions need a scheduled reboot once to stay up to date with important kernel security updates .
RHN ( or other Linux distro vendors ) provides Linux kernel security updates .
You can apply kernel updates using yum command or apt - get command line options .
After each upgrade , you need to reboot the server .
Ksplice service allows you to skip reboot step and apply hotfixes to the kernel without rebooting the server .
In this post , I will cover a quick installation of Ksplice for RHEL 5.x and try to find out if service is worth every penny .
The technology and hack behind this looks pretty cool .
This is useful if you ’ve a small number of Linux based servers and / or you want avoid unscheduled reboot just to apply hotfix to Linux kernel .
ADVERTISEMENTS
How Do I Install Ksplice ?
First , you need to register with Ksplice .
Type the following command to install rpm repo under RHEL 5 :
# rpm -ivh https://www.ksplice.com/yum/uptrack/centos/ksplice-uptrack-release.noarch.rpm
To install Ksplice , enter :
# yum install uptrack
Edit /etc/uptrack/uptrack.conf , enter :
# vi /etc/uptrack/uptrack.conf
Update it as follows ( input your access key ) :
[ Auth ] accesskey = ADD - YOUR - ACCESS-KEY -HERE [ Network ] #
Proxy to use when accessing the Uptrack server , of the form # [ protocol :// ] < host > [ : port ] #
The proxy must support making HTTPS connections .
If this is unset , # Uptrack will look for the https_proxy , HTTPS_PROXY , and http_proxy # environment variables in that order , and then finally look for a # proxy setting in the system - wide GConf database , if available .
https_proxy = [ Settings ] # Automatically install updates at boot time .
If this is set , on # reboot into the same kernel , Uptrack will re-install the same set of # updates that were present before the reboot .
install_on_reboot = yes # Options configuring the Uptrack cron job .
# # GUI users will get all notices via the GUI and likely want to set # the following cron options to " no " . # Cron job will install updates automatically autoinstall = no # Cron job will print a message when new updates are installed .
#
This option is only relevant if autoinstall = yes cron_output_install = no # Cron job will print a message when new updates are available cron_output_available = no # Cron job will print a message when it encounters errors cron_output_error = no [ Auth ] accesskey = ADD - YOUR - ACCESS-KEY -HERE [ Network ] #
Proxy to use when accessing the Uptrack server , of the form # [ protocol : //]< host >[ : port ] #
The proxy must support making HTTPS connections .
If this is unset , # Uptrack will look for the https_proxy , HTTPS_PROXY , and http_proxy # environment variables in that order , and then finally look for a # proxy setting in the system - wide GConf database , if available .
https_proxy = [ Settings ] # Automatically install updates at boot time .
If this is set , on # reboot into the same kernel , Uptrack will re-install the same set of # updates that were present before the reboot .
install_on_reboot = yes # Options configuring the Uptrack cron job .
# # GUI users will get all notices via the GUI and likely want to set # the following cron options to " no " .
# Cron job will install updates automatically autoinstall = no # Cron job will print a message when new updates are installed .
#
This option is only relevant if autoinstall = yes cron_output_install = no # Cron job will print a message when new updates are available cron_output_available = no # Cron job will print a message when it encounters errors cron_output_error = no
Save and close the file .
How Do I Apply Rebootless Kernel Updates ?
You need to first download and apply updates via RHN :
# yum -y update
OR
# yum update kernel kernel - headers kernel - devel
Do n’t reboot the box , simply type the following command to apply hotfix :
# uptrack - upgrade
To see a list of updates that are currently installed , enter :
# uptrack - show -y
Sample Email Notification
You will get an email as follows when updates are available :
Conclusion
The web interface also provides information about your server and installed kernel updates :
The pricing is as follows :
Monthly price per system First 20 servers : $ 3.95
Beyond 20 servers : $ 2.95
Currently it is free for all Ubuntu users .
Ksplice is a pretty good and stable software .
This is useful for Linux admin or business who can not accept downtime for patching .
A few business comes in my mind :
Small shop , say 8 - 12 Linux based servers .
, say 8 - 12 Linux based servers .
Pro-blogging or webmaster servers ( a typical setup included one web server and one db server ) .
Avoiding downtime means more ad revenue for webmasters .
or webmaster servers ( a typical setup included one web server and one db server ) .
Avoiding downtime means more ad revenue for webmasters .
Hosting companies – again avoiding downtime means good customer satisfactions and less work for sys admins .
If you run VM based hosting ( OpenVZ or XEN based vps ) you can avoid downtime too .
– again avoiding downtime means good customer satisfactions and less work for sys admins .
If you run VM based hosting ( OpenVZ or XEN based vps ) you can avoid downtime too .
Small cluster of Linux system , say 6 system –
If cluster is using 80 % of capacity and if one of node rebooted for kernel upgrade , load will up for rest of 5 systems .
In such case , this service can help to keep load under control without rebooting the box .
However , this is NOT very useful for very large Linux based cluster redundant load - balanced servers , routers , switches , firewalls etc .
Since your cluster is so large that 4 - 5 servers failing makes no difference to the remaining nodes .
In some cases it is possible to do geo load balancing too .
But I ’ve HA Failover Solution In Place …
100 % uptime depends upon lots of factors and and HA solution handles hardware or other failures very well .
However , Ksplice service is not all about 100 % uptime , it is about not rebooting your server for a Linux kernel upgrade .
You can easily combine Ksplice with HA solution ( such as keepalived + nginx reverse proxy ) and try to get perfect five 9s .
I highly recommend this service for small to medium size business or professional webmasters .
Further readings :
The nurses have been told there 's a crisis .
But they 're hardly prepared for the chaos that awaits .
Dozens of patients , stricken with a debilitating flu , crowd the emergency room .
Some slump mutely in chairs .
Others wander , moaning or calling out for blankets .
Just as the nurses begin triage , part of the hospital goes dark : a blackout .
This ...
Baby Squirrel By Electrikshock Watch
12 Favourites 19 Comments 1K Views
There are two red squirrels in the back yard who have had little baby red squirrels .
This little guy is a little smaller than a chipmunk .
Enjoy !
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 2043x1779px 2.34 MB
Make EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY Model KODAK Z650 ZOOM DIGITAL CAMERA Shutter Speed 1/158 second Aperture F/ 3.7 Focal Length 63 mm ISO Speed 160 Date Taken May 27 , 2007 , 12:46:50 PM
Show More
Published : May 28 , 2007
Sky may be heading for the biggest shakeup of its history as it has emerged that the satellite broadcaster is mulling plans to deliver its premium content - including PL Football - on the popular Freeview satellite system .
The Sunday Times , which is owned by News Corporation which also owns 40 percent of BSkyB , says that the Ofcom investigation into the way Sky has cornered the pay per view and subscription market could have some profound impact on the paid for subscription market .
But BSkyB will also be fighting back with a vengeance by reviving its own Freeview alterego , Picnic , that would be offered alongside TopUP TV .
However the plans were never formally approved by the telecommunications watchdog .
Picnic was then frozen by the company which resulted in a number of jobs losses with BSkyB blaming Ofcom back in 2008 .
Sky already has three channels on Freeview : Sky News , Sky SPorts News and Sky 3 .
Picnic would add Sky Sports 1 , Sky Movies Screen 1 , Sky1 , the Disney Channel and the Discovery Channel .
Freeview is already in more than 10 million households , just ahead of Sky 's official 9.7 million subscribers .
Should Ofcom approve Picnic this time around , it could ironically help BSkyB cement its domination by bringing in more subscribers .
There 's also questions about whether BSkyB may shun its Freesat From Sky scheme .
Our Comments
Ofcom is planning to level the pay - TV market where BT , Virgin Media and Top UP TV are far behind Sky .
This could however have some very worrying long term impact for the world of British football .
Related Links
Premier League football to be made available on terrestrial Freeview television
( Telegraph )
BSkyB may put its top channels on Freeview
( Timesonline )
BSkyB : they think it ’s all over
( Timesonline )
BSkyB could offer rivals its channels
( Thisismoney )
Record - breaking month for BBC iPlayer
( BBC )
Thanks to another blog , I was linked to the following quote from an article in the online version of Christianity Today .
Those steeped in the grace of God know there is no difference between freedom and obedience , and that the spiritual life is all about being compelled .
Jeremiah says he cannot hold in the message God has given him ( Jer. 20:9 ) .
Paul feels obligated to preach to Gentiles ( Rom. 1:14 ) .
Jesus describes salvation in a parable in which servants compel people to come to a banquet ( Luke 14:23 ) .
What is the life of faith but one compelled by the love of God to love others ?
Grace is so extraordinary ; it has been known to compel people to do extraordinary things , to do things that fill one with dread , to go to places one would rather not go . . .
We read verses such as that one which tells us that we are bought with a price and quickly misread it to our advantage , or actually to our disadvantage .
Saint Paul warns us more than once that we have been bought with a price means that we are now owned by God .
The term he uses for himself can be variously translated as either bond - servant or slave .
At one point , he even says that woe is him if he does not preach .
He says this despite the various shipwrecks , beatings , etc. , that he has suffered .
He is compelled both by the knowledge that he is now owned by God instead of by sin , and he is compelled by the direct experience of the Holy Spirit which is impelling him on .
The Prophet Jeremiah has the same experience of the calling of God upon his life .
In fact , his experience of following God has moments so bitter that he ends up writing the Book of the Lamentations .
Have you ever read it ?
Jeremiah had to preach God ’s judgment , and it came .
But here is a small part of what he says of his personal experience of preaching what God required him to preach :
He drew his bow and made me the target for his arrows .
He pierced my heart with arrows from his quiver .
I became the laughingstock of all my people ; they mock me in song all day long .
He has filled me with bitter herbs and sated me with gall .
And , yet , today one hears all too often of how God is a gentleman who will not force Himself upon you .
But , the common experience of the patriarchs , prophets , and apostles was that God called them with a requirement that could not be resisted .
It is no wonder that C.S. Lewis has Mr. Tumnus say in The Lion , The Witch , and the Wardrobe that , “ He is not a tame lion . ”
To which Lucy later says , “ No . . . but he is good . ”
No , the line about God being a gentleman has more to do with our American craving for absolute personal freedom than it has to do with Biblical reality .
Christians in America during the 19th century still understood a God who expected to be King .
Francis Thompson , who was born in the 1850 ’s , wrote a poem called The Hound of Heaven .
In part , the poem says :
I fled Him down the nights and down the days .
I fled Him down the arches of the years .
I fled Him down the labyrinthine ways
Of my own mind , and in the midst of tears
I hid from him , and under running laughter .
. . .
Naked , I wait thy Love ’s uplifted stroke .
My harness , piece by piece ,
thou’st hewn from me
And smitten me to my knee ,
I am defenceless , utterly .
The poem is actually very long .
And , yet , in it one gets two senses .
One is the inexorable pursuit of the Lord from which the person is desperately fleeing .
And the other is the total Love which is pursuing the author of the poem .
But , this love is not the weak sentimental love that we often portray from our pulpits .
No , this is something much stronger , much more powerful , and , yes , much more fearful ( in the old sense of fearful as in the old sense of awesome ) .
This is a God who is King and who expects to be the head of his Kingdom .
As generals have to send their soldiers into danger in order to win the war , so this King sends his servants into battle to fight the good fight .
And this is a Love which mystics such as Santa Teresa de Avila and San Juan de Dios picture as being given to us as a pure , burning , and transforming energy of God that will burn out our dross from the inside out until we are truly changed .
We love to read the Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis .
We love to read the Trilogy of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien .
But , have you ever really looked closely at them ?
In the trilogy , Frodo realizes that he is the only one who can carry out the task .
He is almost pushed into it .
Sam , in faithfulness , follows his master into the most extreme danger .
Pippin and Merry almost perish .
Even those left behind in the Shire find no safety there , for the war tracks down the Shire and spills into it .
Can you not see that he / she who follows God can either willingly or unwillingly be involved in the battle , but either way he / she will be involved ?
That is the God we serve and the Earth upon which we find ourselves .
He is a King who sends his servants into battle .
He is a Lover who changes us and will not let us stand unchanged and filthy .
And , so , this Great Lent I ask what picture of God you have in your mind and in your heart .
Do you have an American God ?
Or do you have a King and a Lover ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Like this : Like Loading ...
Bungie has released the first ViDoc for Halo : Reach , in which the team talks retooling the engine , crafting new weapons , and creating a more human story in the Halo universe .
This video elevated Halo : Reach from just another Halo game to a new title to keep my eyes on in the coming month .
I mean , sure , it 's my job to keep my eyes on a new game in the Halo franchise , but there 's a big difference between keeping up because you have to and keeping up because you want to .
Advertisement
I 'm intrigued at the concept of a more human Halo story .
Almost as intrigued as i am by having additional Spartans running by my side .
Did you see the running ?
Here 's how those " Charles & YaVaughnie " billboards came to be , according to people the couple spoke to : Charles was publicly sucking up to his wife , while mistress YaVaughnie was busy launching an incriminating online photo album .
Spurned lover , much ?
It 's still just a working hypothesis , since we 've yet to hear back from either member of the couple .
But everything we 've heard from associated parties today is further evidence for the theory in our last post : YaVaughnie Wilkins is a scorned mistress bent on publicizing her eight - year relationship with Charles E. Phillips , Oracle co-president and member of President Obama 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board .
The pair first come to light in a mysterious Times Square billboard we posted about on Tuesday .
The billboards included the address of a romantic online photo album , CharlesPhillipsAndYaVaughnieWilkins.com , and a quote attributed to " C.E.P . : " " You are my soulmate forever ! "
Our readers quickly figured out that the man in the billboard was Oracle 's Charles Phillips , and we wondered if the co-president was emulating his attention - grubbing boss , Oracle CEO Larry Ellison .
But then came evidence of Phillips ' marriage to one Karen Phillips , who Charles Phillips called his wife in a 2006 interview and who appeared with him in the society pages recently .
We wondered if Wilkins was n't out for revenge .
She was certainly acting alone , according to the man who designed the website advertised on the mystery billboards .
The designer Béla Kovács , told us in an interview that he dealt only with Wilkins , and consistent with the lovey - dovey look of the billboards that just went up , he thought Wilkins was trying to do something nice for her sweetie .
" My understanding was that the site was for a gift to Charles , that 's what I was told , " Kovács told us .
Was there any hint she wanted to embarrass Phillips ?
" That was not my impression , no , " he told us .
" She was ecstatic when it finally launched and the whole thing was done ... she gave me indication that Charles liked it , " too .
But " she was my only source " on that .
Wilkins found Kovács ' San Jose - based Web design company on Craigslist , he said , and called him out of the blue asking for help putting together the " gift " site .
Kovács ' experience digitizing analog media , both audio and visual , was an asset in importing some of Wilkins ' prints , though many of her photos were already digital .
The site was completed in October or November , he said .
He was " absolutely not " aware that it would later be promoted on billboards .
We do n't know when Charles became aware of the site but after it went live , Charles was still attending events with his wife , Karen .
As we noted , in our last post , the couple attended the American Natural History Museum 's gala event last November .
And now , we 've heard from a source who was on hand at the Waldorf Astoria in New York on Dec. 3 to hear Charles accept the Dwight D. Eisenhower Global Innovation Award from the Business Council for International Understanding .
In his speech , he effused about the very special woman in his life .
This was , mind you , barely a month and a half ago .
Said our audience source :
Instead of giving a normal acceptance speech , he spent the entire time talking about how he owes everything to his wife , Karen ( he gestured to someone while saying this , so I assume she was there with him ) .
So , as of December 09 he was still making public appearances with Karen , referring to her as his wife , and , apparently , sucking up to her big time .
It 's not clear if Wilkins already was working on a publicity campaign which includes at least three billboards in New York , at least one more in San Francisco and a sign in Atlanta ( pictured up top , thanks to an email tipster there ) .
So far , Kovács said no one has contacted him to complain or to demand that the site be taken down , which is just as well , since Wilkins had the site transferred to her own account at internet services company 1And1 and so it is no longer hosted through Kovács .
Whether 1And1 keeps the site live , and whether Clear Channel continues to display the associated billboards , remains to be seen .
Phillips is no small fish in the tech world , after all , and we 're increasingly getting the feeling he was n't particularly grateful for this " gift " from his sometime girlfriend .
Thomas F. Quinn 's alleged aliases have included Georgios Samaras , Robert Dzigi , Tasos Douros and Pele Lechien .
" Chien " is French for dog and Pele was supposedly the name of a Quinn pooch .
Even in the face of authorities , Mr. Quinn remained maddeningly elusive .
At one Securities and Exchange Commission session , Mr. Quinn insisted on only answering questions by blinking his eyes , says a former agency attorney who was there .
After a few questions and blinks , the proceeding was halted as a pointless exercise .
During ...
Atbrox is startup providing technology and services for Search and Mapreduce / Hadoop .
Our background is from from Google , IBM and Research .
Update 2010 - June - 17
Code for this posting is now on github – http://github.com/atbrox/Snabler
This posting gives an example of how to use Mapreduce , Python and Numpy to parallelize a linear machine learning classifier algorithm for Hadoop Streaming .
It also discusses various hadoop / mapreduce - specific approaches how to potentially improve or extend the example .
1. Background
Classification is an everyday task , it is about selecting one out of several outcomes based on their features , e.g
In recycling of garbage you select the bin based on the material , e.g. plastic , metal or organic .
When purchasing you select the store from based e.g. on its reputation , prior experience , service , inventory and prices
Computational Classification – Supervised Machine Learning – is quite similar , but requires ( relatively ) well - formed input data combined with classification algorithms .
1.1 Examples of classification problems
Finance / Insurance Classify investment opportunities as good or not e.g. based on industry / company metrics , portfolio diversity and currency risk .
Classify credit card transactions as valid or invalid based e.g. location of transaction and credit card holder , date , amount , purchased item or service , history of transactions and similar transactions
Biology / Medicine Classification of proteins into structural or functional classes Diagnostic classification , e.g. cancer tumours based on images
Internet Document Classification and Ranking Malware classification , email / tweet / web spam classification
Production Systems ( e.g. in energy or petrochemical industries ) Classify and detect situations ( e.g. sweet spots or risk situations ) based on realtime and historic data from sensors
1.2 Classification Algorithms
Classification algorithms comes in various types ( e.g. linear , nonlinear , discriminative etc ) , see my prior postings Pragmatic Classification : The Very Basics and Pragmatic Classification of Classifiers .
Key takeaways about classifiers :
There is no silver bullet classifier algorithm or feature extraction method .
Classification algorithms tend to be computationally hard to train , this encourages using a parallel approach , in this case with Hadoop / Mapreduce .
2. Parallel Classification for Hadoop Streaming
The classifier described belongs to a familiy of classifiers which have in common that they can mathematically be described as Tikhonov Regularization with a Square loss function , this family includes Proximal SVM , Ridge Regression , Shrinkage Regression and Regularized Least - Squares Classification .
( note : If you replace the Square Loss function with a Hinge - Loss function you get Support Vector Machine classification ) .
The implemented classifier – proximal SVM – is from the paper Incremental Support Vector Machine Classification , referred to as the paper below .
2.1 training data
The classifier assumes numerical training data , where each class is either - 1.0 og +1.0 ( negative or positive class ) , and features are represented as vectors of positive floating point numbers .
In the algorithm below are :
D - a matrix of training classes , e.g. [ [ - 1.0 , 1.0 , 1.0 , .. ]]
A - a matrix with feature vectors , e.g. [ [ 2.9 , 3.3 , 11.1 , 2.4 ] , .. ] e - a vector filled with ones , e.g [ 1.0 , 1.0 , .. , 1.0 ] E = [ A - e ] mu = scalar constant # used to tune classifier D - a diagonal matrix with - 1.0 or +1.0 values ( depending on the class )
2.2 the classifier algorithm
Training the classifier can be done with right side of the equation ( 13 ) from paper
( omega , gamma ) = ( I / mu + E.T*E ) .
I*( E.T*D*e )
Classification of an incoming feature vector x can then be done by calculating :
x.T*omega - gamma
which returns a number , and the sign of the number corresponds to the class , i.e. positive or negative .
2. Parallelization of the classifier with Hadoop Streaming and Python
Expression ( 16 ) in the paper has a nice property , it supports increments ( and decrements ) , in the example there are 2 increments ( and 2 decrements ) , but by induction there can be as many as you want :
( omega , gamma ) = ( I / mu + E_.T * E_1 + .. + E_i.T* E_i ) .
I* ( E_1.T *D_1*e + .. + E_i.T*D_i*e )
where
E.T*E = E_1.T*E_1 + .. + E_i.T*E_i
and
E.T*De = E_1.T* D_1*e + .. + E_i.T*D_i*e
This means that we can parallelize the calculation of E.T*E and E.T* De , by having Hadoop mappers calculate each of the elements of the sums in as in the Python map ( ) code below ( sent to reducers as tuples )
2.3 – the mapper
def map ( key , value ) : # input key= class for one training example , e.g. " - 1.0 " classes = [ float ( item ) for item in key.split ( " , " ) ] # e.g. [ - 1.0 ] D = numpy.diag( classes ) # input value = feature vector for one training example , e.g. " 3.0 , 7.0 , 2.0 " featurematrix = [ float ( item ) for item in value.split ( " , " ) ]
A = numpy.matrix ( featurematrix ) # create matrix E and vector e e = numpy.
matrix ( numpy.ones ( len( A ) ).reshape( len ( A ) ,1 ) ) E = numpy.matrix( numpy.append(A,-e,axis=1 ) ) # create a tuple with the values to be used by reducer # and encode it with base64 to avoid potential trouble with ' \t ' and '
' used # as default separators in Hadoop Streaming producedvalue = base64.b64encode(pickle.dumps ( ( E.T*E , E. T * D*e ) ) # note : a single constant key " producedkey " sends to only one reducer # somewhat " atypical " due to low degree of parallism on reducer side print " producedkey\t %s " % ( producedvalue )
2.4 – the Reducer
def reduce ( key , values , mu=0.1 ) : sumETE = None sumETDe = None # key is n't used , so ignoring it with _ ( underscore ) .
for _ , value in values : # unpickle values ETE , ETDe = pickle.loads ( base64.b64decode( value ) ) if sumETE == None : # create the I / mu with correct dimensions sumETE = numpy.matrix ( numpy.eye( ETE.shape [ 1 ] ) / mu ) sumETE += ETE if sumETDe == None : # create sumETDe with correct dimensions sumETDe = ETDe else : sumETDe += ETDe # note : omega = result [ : - 1 ] and gamma = result [ - 1 ] # but printing entire vector as output result = sumETE.I*sumETDe print " % s\t %s " % ( key , str(result.tolist ( ) ) )
2.5 – Mapper and Reducer Utility Code
Code used to run map ( ) and reduce ( ) methods , inspired by iterator / generator approach from this mapreduce tutorial .
def read_input ( file , separator= " \t " ) : for line in file : yield line.rstrip ( ) .split( separator )
def run_mapper ( map , separator= " \t " ) : data = read_input ( sys.stdin , separator ) for ( key , value ) in data : map ( key , value )
def run_reducer ( reduce , separator= " \t " ) : data = read_input ( sys.stdin , separator ) for key , values in groupby ( data , itemgetter ( 0 ) ) : reduce ( key , values )
3. Finished ?
Assume your running time goes through the roof even with the above parallel approach , what to do ?
3.1 Mapper Increment Size really makes a difference !
Since there is only 1 reducer in the presented implementation , it is useful to let mappers do most of the job .
The size of the ( increment ) matrices – E.T*E and E.T * D*e given as input to the reducer is independent of number of training data , but dependent on the number of classification features .
The workload on the reducer is also dependent on the number of matrices received by the mappes ( i.e. increment size ) , e.g. if you have a 1000 mappers having one billion examples with 100 features each , the reducer would need to do a sum of one trillion 101×101 matrices and one trillion 101×1 vectors if the mapper sent one matrix pair per training example , but if each mapper only sent one pair of E.T*E and E.T * D*e representing all the mappers billion training examples the reducer would only need to summarize 1000 matrix pairs .
3.2 Avoid stressing the reducer
Add more ( intermediate ) reducers ( combiners ) that calculates partial sums of matrices .
In the case of many small increments ( and correspondingly many matrices ) it can be useful to add an intermediate step that ( in parallel ) calculates sums of E.T*E and E.T * D*e before sending the sums to the final reducer , this means that the final reducer gets fewer matrices to summarize before calculating the final answer , see figure below .
3.3 Parallelize ( or replace ) the matrix inversion in the reduction step
If someone comes along with a training data set with a very high feature - dimension ( e.g. recommender systems , bioinformatics or text classification ) , the matrix inversion in the reducer can become a real bottleneck since such algorithms typically are O( n ^3 ) ( and lower bound of Omega ( n ^ 2 lg n ) ) , where n is the number of features .
A solution to this can be to use or develop hadoop / mapreduce - based parallel matrix inversion , e.g. Apache Hama , or do n’t invert the matrix ...
3.4 Feature Dimensionality Reduction
Another approach when having training data with high feature - dimension could be to reduce feature - dimensionality , for more info check out Latent Semantic Indexing ( and Analysis ) , Singular Value Decomposition or t- Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding
3.5 Reduce IO between mappers and reducers with compression
Twitter presented using LZO compression ( on the Cloudera blog ) to speed up Hadoop .
Inspired by this one could in the case of high feature dimension , i.e. large E.T*E and E.T * D*e matrices , compress the output in the mapper and decompress in the reducer by replacing base64encoding / decoding and pickling above with :
producedvalue = base64.b64encode(lzo.compress(pickle.dumps ( ( E.T*E , E. T * D*e ) ) , level=1 )
and
ETE , ETDe = pickle.loads(lzo.decompress(base64.b64decode( value ) ) )
3.6
Do more work with approximately the same computing resources
The D matrix above represents binary classification with a value of +1 or - 1 representing each class .
It is quite common to have classification problems with more than 2 classes .
Supporting multiple classes is usually done by training by several classifiers , either 1 - against - all ( 1 classifier trained per class ) or 1 - against - 1 ( 1 classifier trained per unique pair of classes ) , and the run a tournament of them against each other and pick the most confident .
In the case of 1 - against - all classification the mapper could probably send multiple E.T * D_c*e – with one D_c per class and keep the same E.T*E , the reducer would then need to calculate ( I / mu + E.TE ) .
I once and independently multiply with several E.T * D_c*e sums to create a set of ( omega , gamma ) classifiers .
For 1 - against - 1 classification it becomes somewhat more complicated , because it involves creating several E matrices since in the 1 - against - 1 case only the rows in E where the 2 classes competing occur are relevant .
4. Code
( Early ) Python code of the algorithm presented above can be found at http://github.com/atbrox/Snabler ( open source with Apache Licence ) .
Please let me know if you want to contribute to the project , e.g. from mapreduce and hadoop algorithms in academic papers .
5 . More resources about machine learning with Hadoop / Mapreduce ?
Apache Mahout – active project that implements ( in Java ) several machine learning algorithms ( also unsupervised machine learning , i.e. clustering )
Good paper about machine learning algorithms with mapreduce – http://www.cs.stanford.edu/people/ang//papers/nips06-mapreducemulticore.pdf
Best regards ,
Amund Tveit , co-founder of Atbrox
Do we have the right to end our lives if life itself becomes unbearable , or when we enter the late - stages of painful , terminal illness ?
The questions , debated for centuries , have only grown more pressing in recent years as medical technology has allowed us to live longer lives , and several U.S. states have legalized physician - assisted suicide .
With unique access to Dignitas , the Swiss non-profit that has helped over one thousand people die since 1998 , Academy award - winning filmmaker John Zaritsky offers a revealing look at a couple facing the most difficult decision of their lives –and lets us see for ourselves as one Chicago native makes the trip to Switzerland for what will become the last day of his life .
[ Explore more stories on the original website for The Suicide Tourist . ]
Does Justin Bieber Like Turtles ?
One little turtle is asking what every Chelonian on the planet is dying to know : does Justin Bieber like turtles ?
Thus far , he 's been unsuccessful in soliciting a response from the teen idol , but he hopes that Justin will tweet back an answer soon .
If you want to help , you can retweet his plea in support .
Margaret , I really do like this President .
He is young and smart … and I think he is trying his best under bad circumstances to do the right thing and create change for good .
Not easy these days …
Sort of like your convincing Howard that seeing a doctor annually at his age is still preventative medicine .
You ’ve both got a tough sales job ahead of you .
I really do appreciate his trying to reach across the aisle – as they say – and get Republicans to work towards bipartisanship .
But honey , that dog just do n’t hunt .
Trying to reach bipartisanship with this particular Republican Party will probably achieve bipolarism instead of bipartisanship .
Harsh ?
Well yes maybe I am being a bit harsh .
Part of the problem ?
Well maybe that too .
After all bipartisanship requires a little give and take from both sides .
So who am I to suggest that the problem is mainly with the Republicans ?
Good questions all of them – particularly because I was the one who asked them .
You know me , Margaret .
I ’m always trying to play both sides of the same issue .
Well what do you expect from a woman who invented the all pie diet ?
To all my Republican readers out there – I have had quite enough of your nonsense .
Your party gave us Sarah Palin and George W. Bush – dumb and dumber .
He ’s the guy whose mission still is n’t accomplished and she ’s the gal who could n’t handle being governor of one of our least populous states .
Even the “ professional ” wrestler was able to finish the job in Minnesota .
Your party had an issue with President Obama telling school children to stay in school and study hard .
I guess a black man ca n’t be trusted with your children regardless of his credentials .
And your party decided the tradition of separating church and state had an expiration date .
You love the constitution but you seem to pick through that document the same way you pick through the Bible – with all the effectiveness of eating corn on the cob through a picket fence .
We are actively involved in two wars , but you just ca n’t understand why the deficit is so big ?
Regardless of what you have been told , every time a bomb is dropped , an angel does n’t not get her wings .
Hint : Defense spending represents almost one quarter of all federal spending .
Today ’s Republican Party has an issue with abortion , but then fights against healthcare reform knowing full well that more than 9 million children lack health insurance .
A stretch argument to be sure , but then again 18 19 Children and Counting is a big hit .
My party at least recognizes the need for increased access to birth control .
Your party is pro-life right up until they cut the cord and then you turn your attention to electing judges who promote shortening the waiting time on death row .
And for Pete ’s sake your party has an issue with gay people , but you gladly send your straight children to war while telling gays they cannot serve .
This one , more than any other , has me scratching my head .
Aren ’ t you just delaying their eventual trip to Hell ?
You actually have Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck as your spokesmen .
Rush Limbaugh ?
Are you serious ?
Even the NFL did n’t want Limbaugh .
And Beck… Glenn Beck ?
When people use the expression “ nuttier than a fruitcake ” Glenn Beck is the main ingredient .
The Republican Party of yesteryear was respectable .
You were all about a small government that carried a big stick .
Now you are just despicable .
You used to be the Party of Lincoln and now – honest to God – you make Archie Bunker look progressive .
If it was n’t for Fox News you would be irrelevent .
That ’s right .
You have become a party that owes its entire existence to a cable news channel owned by an Aussie .
Your mascot should be a kangaroo instead of an elephant .
After all , the last guy you sent to the White House arrived there thanks to a kangaroo court ruling rather than an election .
He then spent the next 8 years bringing our nation to its knees .
How about sitting down and shutting your damn pie holes long enough to see if the guy in office now can actually clean up your mess .
Honestly , you are embarrassing yourself .
Look .
My party has problems too .
It ’s biggest problem might be in attempting to please everyone , the Democratic Party seems to please no one .
But diversity of opinions is something I am willing to work through .
Bigotry and ignorance is not .
I mean it .
Really .
Helen , dear , one of the many things I love about you is your ability to see the positive in just about every situation .
Now it might take you a while to get there and it might involve scalping a Republican or two along the way , but eventually you do and life is a much better place for it .
Now , could you please just explain to me why my Howard thinks now is the perfect time to get a good deal on a new Toyota ?
Honestly , Helen , that man will be the death of me yet .
I do n't think elandria meant to say , that having this picture in your gallery is ok .
I think she wanted to say , that it 's a poor thing to do .
You really should at least note in the description , that you did n't take the picture and credit tim walker , who is , as you should really know by now , because about ten people allready noted that in their comments !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Generating Britain ’s electricity from offshore wind farms is likely to be at least twice as expensive as nuclear power , according to a new report by engineering consultants Parsons Brinckerhoff .
Britain plans to build up over 30 gigawatts ( GW ) of offshore wind power capacity by 2020 and wants to build new nuclear power plants to replace old reactors .
The government ’s nuclear plans are opposed by some environmental groups as being too costly .
But analysis by Parsons Brinckerhoff , a company backing plans for an offshore wind grid , estimates nuclear generation costs to be 6 - 8 pence per kilowatt hour ( p / KWh ) , including decommissioning and waste disposal , compared to 15 - 21 p / KWh for offshore wind .
“ Presenting findings such as these is always difficult , because there is a tendency for people to only see in them what they want to see , ” Paul Willson , author of the update and deputy director of generation at Parsons Brinckerhoff .
“ The reality is that in each case , they show there are choices that can be made which affect what the likely cost outcome will be . ”
The report published Monday identified tidal power generation as the most expensive source of electricity for Britain , with costs likely to be in a 16 - 38 p / KWh range , while onshore wind costs of 8 - 11 p/ KWh are competitive with gas at 6 - 11 p/ KWh .
Stiff public opposition to onshore wind turbines has held many such projects up for years , forcing developers out to sea in search of a solution to Britain ’s carbon emissions reduction targets , while fears about gas supplies over the coming decades have dampened enthusiasm for more gas plants .
The analysis takes account of predicted fuel , carbon , operation and maintenance costs , together with optimum plant life and construction scheduling .
The model does not include transmission because of great uncertainty over how costs for wind farms and other decentralized power supply sources would be allocated .
If all the costs of transmitting electricity from wind farms out at sea are allocated only to offshore wind generation it could increase the price per unit of output by another 20 percent , the report says .
For more information about this , have a look at David Baron ’s post , the bug and the post on the security blog .
For many years the CSS : visited selector has been a vector for querying a user ’s history .
It ’s not particularly dangerous by itself , but when it ’s combined with getComputed Style ( ) in JavaScript it means that someone can walk through your history and figure out where you ’ve been .
And quickly – some tests show the ability to test 210,000 URLs per minute .
At that rate , it ’s possible to brute force a lot of your history or at least establish your identity through fingerprinting .
Given that browsers often keep history for a long time it can reveal quite a bit about where you ’ve been on the web .
At Mozilla we ’re serious about protecting people ’s privacy , so we ’re going to fix this problem for our users .
To do so we ’re making changes to how : visited works in Firefox .
We ’re not sure what release this will be part of yet and the fixes are still making their way through code review , but we wanted to give a heads up to people as soon as we understood how we wanted to approach fixing this .
These changes will have some impact on web sites and developers , so you should be aware of them .
At a high level here ’s what ’s changing :
getComputedStyle ( and similar functions like querySelector ) will lie .
They will always return values as if a user has never visited a site .
( and similar functions like ) will lie .
They will always return values as if a user has never visited a site .
You will still be able to visually style visited links , but you ’re severely limited in what you can use .
We ’re limiting the CSS properties that can be used to style visited links to color , background - color , border -*- color , and outline - color and the color parts of the fill and stroke properties .
For any other parts of the style for visited links , the style for unvisited links is used instead .
In addition , for the list of properties you can change above , you wo n’t be able to set rgba ( ) or hsla ( ) colors or transparent on them .
These are pretty obvious cases that are used widely .
There are a couple of subtle changes to how selectors work as well :
If you use a sibling selector ( combinator ) like : visited + span then the span will be styled as if the link were unvisited .
then the will be styled as if the link were unvisited .
If you ’re using nested link elements ( rare ) and the element being matched is different than the link whose presence in history is being tested , then the element will be drawn as if the link were unvisited as well .
These last two are somewhat confusing , and we ’ll have examples of them up in a separate post .
The impact on web developers here should be minimal , and that ’s part of our intent .
But there are a couple of areas that will likely require changes to sites :
If you ’re using background images to style links and indicate if they are visited , that will no longer work .
We wo n’t support CSS Transitions that related to visitedness .
There is n’t that much CSS Transition content on the web , so this is unlikely to affect very many people , but it ’s still worth noting as another vector we wo n’t support .
We ’d like to hear more about how you ’re using CSS : visited and what the impact will be on your site .
If you see something that ’s going to cause something to break , we ’d like to at least get it documented .
Please leave a comment here with more information so others can see it as well .
MBL , WOODS HOLE , MA — If you can imagine identical twin sisters at rest , their breath drawing them subtly together and apart , who somehow latch onto ropes that pull them to opposite sides of the bed — you can imagine what happens to a chromosome in the dividing cell .
Understanding the forces that drive chromosome segregation – a crucial aspect of human development and some diseases , including cancer – is the goal of an international group of researchers who collaborate each summer at the MBL .
In a paper published this week , the group describes newly discovered interactions between sister kinetochores — the protein bundles at the contact point between the two identical strands of a chromosome — and microtubules , the " ropes " that attach to the kinetochores to pull the strands apart .
This is a metaphase in a human cervical carcinoma ( HeLa ) cell .
Chromosomes are red and microtubules are green .
( Photo Credit : Jason Swedlow , University of Dundee )
To do this , the group developed a novel pipeline for preparing and photographing dividing human cells , as well as computational image analysis to quantify the interplay of sister kinetochores in three dimensions .
" We believe we have developed new methods and gained insights that simply are n't available anywhere else .
We could n't have done this work anywhere except at the MBL , " says Jason Swedlow , a professor at the University of Dundee in Scotland .
Source : Marine Biological Laboratory
By Mark Dummett
BBC News , Dhaka
War crimes trials featured in Dhaka street theatre this month
The Bangladeshi government has set up a tribunal to prosecute those accused of committing war crimes during the country 's war of independence in 1971 .
The government says it will put on trial those Bangladeshis who at the time collaborated with Pakistan .
Forces from Pakistan are accused of killing many civilians .
In its doomed bid to suppress independence 39 years ago , Pakistan 's army unleashed terror against those suspected of supporting secession .
Many were killed and millions fled the country .
But the army was not acting alone .
It was helped by many locals , including members of the religious Jamaat - e - Islami party .
They formed militia which allegedly helped identify victims and also took part in the killings .
Their leaders were absolved after the war and are now prominent opposition figures .
The government wants to put them on trial , but they claim they are innocent and that this is a political move .
When I wrote about spatial thinking , I pointed out that the iPhone does a really good job of presenting applications in a spatial way , and preserving their position .
On Twitter , Bjango points out that the iPad breaks this .
Let ’s say you want to open the App Store on your iPad , and you know that you ’ve put this icon at the bottom right of your apps .
Turning the iPad rewraps the positions of your icons .
The App Store now suddenly jumps to the middle of the second row :
The App Store can no longer be found where you expect to find it .
I believe Apple is following its own Human Interface Guidelines a bit too closely here .
Apple writes :
Users often rotate their devices to landscape orientation because they want to “ see more . ”
If you respond by merely scaling up your content , you fail to meet users ’ expectations .
Instead , you should respond by rewrapping lines of text and , if necessary , rearranging the layout of the user interface so that more content fits on the screen .
While rewrapping is fine for text , it ’s not okay for things the user has intentionally arranged in a specific way .
Instead , Apple should make sure that the arrangement is preserved .
Since there is so much space between individual applications , this could possibly be achieved without shrinking the actual icons , simply by moving them closer to each other .
This way , the App Store icon would be the bottom right icon regardless of how the user holds the iPad .
Some applications use the additional horizontal space to show more UI elements .
There are several ways Apple could use the space here .
For example , they could show old notifications .
But I think a better idea would be to use the space to reinforce the spatial arrangement of apps , by showing some apps from the previous and next screens :
This would also serve as a subtle hint for new users , telling them that they can get to additional screens by swiping to the left or right .
Another solution would be to simply keep the applications positioned as they are , and only turn the actual icons and labels .
While the App Store is now no longer at the bottom right , it ’s still in the same position .
What has changed is the user ’s perspective , not the arrangement of the icons .
Humans are dealing with changing perspectives all the time and should still be able to identify individual applications based on their position .
April 15 , 2010 at 10:41 am
A real bummer —
Apple removed Scratch from the iTunes store , so it ’s no longer available for iPad , iPhone , or iTouch .
Why ?
Discussion on the Scratch forums suggests that it ’s because Apple wants to focus on consuming media using these devices , not producing media .
Want to be truly computing literate , where you write as well as read ?
There ’s no app for that .
I saw this coming .
Apple has banned all third party software from creating ipod apps .
What they did to scratch was nothing compared to what they did to Adobe .
Flash CS5 ’s biggest feature was the ability to make flash programs for the iphone and because Apple has banned this the usefulness of flash CS5 has gone down a lot .
Its a business decision .
Apple wants to be in complete control of what can make apps for their machines so they ban all app creators except their own .
Of course , they can take all the hate from developers because the mindless Apple legions will still love them .
As Tea Party favorite Karl Marx once said , historical events occur twice , first as tragedy , then as farce .
And so it is with the Tea Party " Contract from America . "
But rather than following Newt Gingrich 's gimmicky 1994 path to retaking control of Congress , the Tea Partiers sound more like Ronald Reagan circa 1980 .
After all , the Gipper , too , promised to cut taxes , raise defense spending and balance the budget .
Of course , what Reagan produced instead during his eight years in office was a tripling of the national debt and red ink as far as the eye can see .
Undeterred , today 's Tea Baggers would condemn America to repeating that history of fiscal disaster , only on a far larger scale .
Among the other inanities in their self - contradictory 10 - point manifesto , three taken together represent the budgetary equivalent of declaring the sun rises in the west and that the law of gravity no longer applies :
(3) Demand a Balanced Budget : Begin the Constitutional amendment process to require a balanced budget with a two - thirds majority needed for any tax hike .
(6) End Runaway Government Spending : Impose a statutory cap limiting the annual growth in total federal spending to the sum of the inflation rate plus the percentage of population growth .
( 10 ) Stop the Tax Hikes : Permanently repeal all tax hikes , including those to the income , capital gains and death taxes , currently scheduled to begin in 2011 .
Sadly , the Tea Party 's fuzzy math does n't work .
Put another way , you can't get there from here .
For starters , the Bush tax cuts the Tea Party wants to make permanent ( 10 ) are largely responsible for the expanding deficits in this decade and the next .
As the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities ( CBPP ) detailed , the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 accounted for almost half of the mushrooming deficits during his tenure .
And as another recent CBPP analysis revealed , over the next 10 years , the Bush tax cuts will contribute more to the U.S. budget deficit than the Obama stimulus , the TARP program , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and revenue lost to the recession - combined .
( Ending the so - called " death tax , " which impacts only 1 in 500 estates , will drain billions more per year from the U.S. Treasury . )
An AP chart last fall of data from the Congress Budget Office show the explosion of federal debt that will ensue if the Tea Baggers and their Republicans get their way :
Of course , a balanced budget ( 3 ) could theoretically still be achieved if the Tea Partiers were willing to make draconian budget cuts to the $ 3.8 trillion federal budget proposed by President Obama .
But these ersatz fiscal conservatives wo n't make the choices .
We know this , because they told us so .
A quick note on the basic math of the budget .
President Obama 's proposed $ 3.8 trillion budget for 2011 is forecast to produce a $ 1.3 trillion deficit ( down from $ 1.6 trillion in 2010 ) .
National defense and Social Security each come in at $ 738 billion .
Medicare totals $ 498 billion , while Medicaid and other health care services add $ 260 billion and $ 25 billion , respectively .
Throw in the required $ 251 billion in required interest payments on the national debt , and those portions alone of Washington 's bill total over $ 2.5 trillion .
Meanwhile , given that the Bush tax cuts accounted for half of the deficits during his tenure and more than half over the next decade , the Obama budget rightly calls for letting the Bush tax cuts expire for Americans earning over $ 250,000 .
( For more details , see this convenient New York Times interactive budget chart . )
But as a new survey from the CBS and the New York Times made clear , the Tea Partiers themselves have taken the big ticket items off table when it comes to budget cuts :
Despite their push for smaller government , they think that Social Security and Medicare are worth the cost to taxpayers ...
And nearly three - quarters of those who favor smaller government said they would prefer it even if it meant spending on domestic programs would be cut .
But in follow - up interviews , Tea Party supporters said they did not want to cut Medicare or Social Security -- the biggest domestic programs , suggesting instead a focus on " waste . "
Some defended being on Social Security while fighting big government by saying that since they had paid into the system , they deserved the benefits .
If defense , Social Security , Medicare and the required interest on the national debt are untouched , that 's over $ 2.2 trillion .
Somehow , Tea Partiers would have to magically cut $ 1.3 trillion of the remaining $ 1.6 in FY 2010 spending .
The key is " have to . "
After all , the Tea Party " Contract from America , " like Grover Norquist , Tim Pawlenty , Newt Gingrich and legions of Republicans past and present , want a balanced budget amendment to the United States Constitution .
Norquist 's " starve the beast " dream of drowning government in a bathtub would be realized .
For her part , 62 year old Tea Party support Jodine White acknowledged to the Times :
" That 's a conundrum , is n't it ?
I do n't know what to say .
Maybe I do n't want smaller government .
I guess I want smaller government and my Social Security . "
She added , " I did n't look at it from the perspective of losing things I need .
I think I 've changed my mind . "
She 's far from alone .
A recent poll by the Economist found that the only area of the federal budget which more than one - third of Americans supported cutting was foreign aid .
" Bummer , then , " Ezra Klein of the Washington Post wrote , " that it accounts for less than a single percent of the budget . "
( For more on this stunning chart of what Americans are willing to cut versus where their government actually spends their money , see Annie Lowrey . )
Which brings us , finally , to item # 6 of the Tea Party 's foul brew .
As it turns out , the demand to " impose a statutory cap limiting the annual growth in total federal spending to the sum of the inflation rate plus the percentage of population growth " is simply a regurgitation of the Taxpayer Bill of Rights ( TABOR ) crusade of Grover Norquist and his group , Americans for Tax Reform .
Of course , TABOR does n't merely handcuff the government during war , economic downturns and other times of crisis .
As states like Colorado learned so painfully , such an arbitrary cap is a recipe for disaster .
Of course , the Tea Party " Contract from America " features other self - defeating proposals .
Their fourth plank ( " Enact Fundamental Tax Reform " ) calls for a " fair " and flat tax , one which would doubtless produce yet another massive windfall for the wealthiest Americans who need it least .
( Ironically , that call came despite the fact that 52 % of Tea Baggers said their income tax level was already fair , and was announced even as over 95 % of working households received tax relief from President Obama . )
And like the Republicans , the Grand Old Tea Party called for " Repeal & Replace " ( 7 ) of the new health care bill .
Apparently , the so - called fiscal conservatives were unaware - or just chose to ignore - the fact that the health care reform is forecast to slash the deficit by $ 130 billion over its first decade and $ 1.3 trillion over 20 years .
For their part , Republican leaders are grappling with their own updated version of Newt Gingrich 's Contract with America .
That document , of course , helped propel the GOP to victory in 1994 .
But as with Reagan 's broken promise to balance the budget , we already know how this story ends .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
ROME , Italy —
The alarm went off at Rome ’s detention center for undocumented migrants .
Tunisian migrant Badis Barhumi , who had tried to escape , hurried back inside to hide .
The chief police officer on duty found Barhumi among other migrants and beat him down with a baton .
“ We yelled at him to stop , ” said Mustafa , one eyewitness who denounced the violence to a local radio station , “ but he kept going . ”
The incident soon ignited a revolt .
Migrants started grabbing blankets and mattresses and setting them on fire .
Another migrant called GlobalPost with an account of the violence : “ They are setting bottles on fire and throwing them at the police , like Molotov cocktails , ” said Elkattani Abdelatif , a detainee from Morocco .
“ Police are on the roof , the building is smoking , it looks like guerrilla warfare . ”
Rome ’s Identification and Expulsion Center ( CIE ) Ponte Galeria , has confronted discontent before .
It is the largest center for identification and repatriation of migrants in Italy .
Guarded by soldiers and barbed wire , the concrete building hosts more than 350 men and women in separate compounds .
“ This is something that happens every time they sense change and are afraid , ” said Amos Dawodu of the Italian Red Cross , the former sanitary director at the facility .
“ That ’s what they do to communicate when they want something . ”
On the night of the February riot , the Italian Red Cross , which managed social service and healthcare at the Rome CIE , was handing over control to a new organization .
The Italian Red Cross acknowledged the revolt but said it did n’t witness the beating .
“ If that were the case , ” said Francesco Rocca , head of the Italian Red Cross , “ that would make the Red Cross an accomplice . ”
According to a 2010 report by Doctors Without Borders ( MSF ) , identification centers throughout Italy are plagued by scarce hygiene , crowded quarters and inadequate care for chronic illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and HIV .
When MSF visited Rome ’s CIE in the summer of 2009 , migrants had gone without toilet paper , soap or towels for two weeks .
“ This is worse than a prison , ” said Abdelatif , the detainee .
“ I ’ve seen people breaking their hands or feet or eating batteries and razor blades just to go to the hospital .
The other day a Romanian guy drank a bottle of detergent , just to get out . ”
MSF reports that 45 percent of all detainees are transferred to CIEs from Italian prisons after serving their sentences .
Mixing migrants who hold a criminal record with other types of migrants , such as foreign workers whose residency permits expired because of unemployment , creates a tense climate , according to MSF .
“ We found women who had been trafficked and enslaved , ” said Rolando Magnano of MSF Italy , “ and also many asylum seekers who had gotten caught before they could file their application . ”
Last year , a 49 - year - old Tunisian woman took her life on the day of her repatriation .
She had been living in Italy for 30 years .
Italy opened CIE facilities in 1998 to ease identification and repatriation of undocumented migrants .
This coincided with soaring immigration from Africa , the Balkans and Eastern Europe .
Last year , a stricter immigration law tripled the detention time from two to six months .
Some say these centers serve a political agenda rather than the practical purpose of containment .
“ These centers are the shame of Italy ’s law , ” said Stefano Greco , a lawyer with the House of Social Rights , a non-profit organization in Rome .
“ It ’s unclear what they are , ” he said , “ whether centers to detain people like prisons , or some other kind of center that our judicial system does n’t recognize . ”
The Italian government has n’t established a set of rules to define and protect the rights of detainees .
Unlike prisons , CIE centers do n’t employ trained penitentiary police to deal with people under restricted freedoms .
In 2002 , Italian judges were replaced with so - called “ peace judges , ” appointed professionals with legal training .
“ After every hearing , I would leave with my stomach in knots , ” said Greco , who used to provide legal assistance to Rome CIE migrants .
“ Besides not having a real judge to talk to , I had to defend my clients against a plaintiff from the Ministry of Interior , a policeman without the legal knowledge needed in a trial . ”
Greco says CIE procedure often glosses over Italy ’s legal protections for asylum seekers and refugees .
Migrants do n’t know they have rights under both the Italian Constitution and the Geneva Convention .
Too often Italian police do n’t read them their rights .
Elkattani Abdelatif received an expulsion notice on his bus ride to Rome ’s CIE .
“ They did n’t tell me anything , I could n’t pick up my clothes , I could n’t see a lawyer , ” he said .
Abdelatif called his time inside the detention center the worst of his life .
“ I do n’t really care if they release me or they send me back to Morocco , ” he said .
“ I just want to get out of here . ”
This article was updated to include the name of the Tunisian migrant Badis Barhumi .
From Flowing Data :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The launch of multi-million - dollar NASA - sponsored balloons from Alice Springs has been delayed , partly due to a slow internet connection .
The balloons are being released into the stratosphere where instruments will transmit information about the stars and the galaxy .
There were tentative plans to launch the first of three balloons this week but organisers say final work is still being completed to ready the instruments for the journey .
Balloon launching centre spokesman Ravi Sood says weather conditions have to be perfect and there has also been difficulty getting the fast broadband connection to monitor the balloons .
" We 're having ongoing problems with telecommunications here .
Unfortunately that seems to be a part of life here in Central Australia , " he said .
After the raids , Maida and Hartranft compared the list of confiscated brands with the 2,800 - plus registered beers listed on the Liquor Control Board 's Web site .
They discovered that more than half the beer seized had been legally registered , but the cops were n't able to identify it because of their unfamiliarity with the products and their labels .
Last month ’s “ Illustrated Guide to Cthulhu Cakes ” proved to be our most popular article ever , and thus our Board of Trustees have decided to try and make this a more regular feature .
The purpose of this is twofold : to generate new and interesting insight into the strange world of contemporary Lovecraftian culture , and to get more people and personalities involved in this most noble pursuit by offering them a voice , location , and audience .
For this week ’s guide we bring back our venerable Director of Public Relations , Mr. Charles Ward , for an unusual and perhaps slightly disturbing foray into the genre of Lovecraftian cosmic horror .
Feel free to leave comments , arguments , or rants here or on Charles ’ Facebook page .
We hope you enjoy it .
Disclaimer :
The LNN does not necessarily endorse or support the following opinions .
Neither do we guarantee the reliability or sanity of any of the content below .
In fact , we will just go ahead and wash our hands of it altogether in advance , just in case it does n't make any sense , you do n't like it , or it makes you want to sue / maim / kill us .
Unless , of course , you do like it , at which time we take full credit for its presentation .
[ Edit :
This article covers some of the same ground as our previous entry with Matt Cardin , but just to be fair , it should be noted that this post was written a little before we heard back from Mr. Cardin ; we are just lazy sloths and have n't posted it until now .
Also , Mr. Cardin had nothing to do with and is in no way responsible or liable for this article ]
Charles Ward is the LNN's Director of Public Relations and senior phrenological correspondent .
He enjoys rhetorical altercations and leverpostej .
He currently lives in a state of denial but sometimes wonders if he should stockpile emotional weaponry and secede like every single one of the unquestioningly god-fearing , American Founding Fathers wanted him to .
Do n't hate me .
. .
I 'm not the one trying to destroy the earth :
Lovecraftian Maltheism for the Pragmatic Individual
by Charles Ward
The desire for a suitable vocabulary with which to process one 's position in the cosmos has historically been a nearly unstoppable sociological force often surpassing even the fundamental biological mechanisms of hunger , aversion to pain , and basic sexuality .
Hence , many people will often choose to follow a leader who purports to offer them an answer to “ why , ” even if this comes at an excruciating cost .
Pat Robertson is one such hero , offering relief from the burdens of coming to terms with one 's existential demons .
Of course , the acceptance of his ideology comes at a steep price : one must abandon reason in favor of dogma and all the sundry implications this brings to every aspect of one 's life .
His dogma is notoriously gruesome , and it is why he is the perfect example for a short exercise I will now suggest .
Maltheism , of course , has a long and rich history through dystheism , misotheism , theodicy , dualism , and fideism , due largely to the fact that religious authors through the ages have taken great pains to unapologetically anthropomorphize their gods in all the worst ways possible .
Now , do n't get me wrong here : we can be more nuanced than just gleefully celebrating the concept of a malevolent god like freshman in a philosophy class , though the standard exercise does prove useful to provide a starting point for my proposition .
The basic tenets of maltheism might be presented the following way according to the deus deceptor analogy :
It is omnibenevolent
It is omnipotent
Whether or not these premises are true -- or even possible to measure -- is , of course , the whole point .
With our limited resources of five highly subjective senses and less than a century of time to gather information before we die , all claims of verifiability or veracity of the demon ’s claims are completely absurd .
deus deceptor )
This proposition is not even that controversial in religious circles outside of modern Western culture .
Remember Zeus ?
While an inscrutable and unquenchable lust for human worship is a nearly universal trope of the divine amongst all religions , at least some imagine this to be a rather mundane and mostly nonthreatening process .
This is not the case with Christianity and Islam , the two most dominant religions in the Western world , whose beliefs derive from some of the most violent and terrifying texts ever written .
Weird fiction author Matt Cardin wrote an interesting piece for TheoFantatique recently that discusses how “ the biblical God is often portrayed as a source of horror . ”
In particular , the diplomatic Cardin is intrigued by Isaiah :
Isaiah can be understood as a cosmic horror story , a la Lovecraft etc. , in its entirety .
All that ’s required is a shifting of one ’s surface focus and underlying assumptions .
It ’s not that some parts are horrific and others are n’t , but that the whole thing can be read and — importantly — emotionally experienced that way , while remaining entirely true to its concrete content .
This seems hard for any even slightly reasonable person to argue with .
But quite frankly , I do n’t think this train of though goes nearly far enough .
Let ’s cut the diplomacy and jump down the rabbit hole in a way only a pseudonymous avatar like Charles Ward can .
Let ’s talk about the practical implications of acknowledging the monstrosity of a god whose track record includes murder , advocating rape and incest , torture , genital mutilation , mass drownings , and whose “ big plan ” for the earth ’s near future consists of global immolation .
Consider the following passage by Lovecraft in " The Call of Cthulhu " :
This brings us back to Pat Robertson , our previously mentioned hero of linguistic law and order .
He serves the important position of being a messenger of the god of the Bible , and he provides a vocabulary and precedent for the visible horrors of existence .
In all seriousness , taking it at face value , I think he must be right : it is quite logical that , according to his system of beliefs , his god would curse the people of Haiti for their sins .
In fact , it is exactly the sort of thing the god of the Bible would do .
Robertson just happens be brave enough to eschew the bounds of civilization and political correctness while others cower in its confines .
And by brave , I mean stark raving mad .
Thus , to complete my circuitous train of thought , Pat Robertson is a hero in precisely the same way that Wilbur Whateley is a hero for the cult of Yog - Sothoth , or that Trap Jaw was a champion for Skeletor : he is a harbinger of doom and the servant of a malevolent space demon .
I 'm not claiming this kind of paranoia to world events is what Lovecraft was trying to elicit with his fiction , but I am claiming that his fiction has great utility in providing a pragmatic means of enunciation for the current state of Terran life .
And I propose that we can adopt this vocabulary with sacrificing our reason ; to be totally honest , we can even do it without hyperbole .
The fact that the latter is true is not very good news .
Maltheism : . . . because dangerous cultists really are trying to bring about the bloody apocalypse of their malevolent , space alien gods .
You can call Lovecraft 's stories of cosmic horror mere fiction if you want , but only in the same sense something like Miller ’s The Crucible is mere fiction .
One only has to summon the temerity to crack open a newspaper to find that the allegories are so thinly veiled as to be nearly biographical ; in other words , the names have been changed to protect the author from being burnt at the stake by the guilty .
Lovecraftian cosmic horror is not just a metaphor for life on earth , it provides a pragmatic political vocabulary we would do well to adopt .
Let 's not forget that the stakes are extremely high .
It might seem reasonable to strive for a live and let live policy , but keep in mind that this is a luxury that has not , is not currently , and will not likely ever be afforded to you by any race bloodthirsty space tyrants .
History is nothing but a testament , if I might borrow the phrase , of how literally and how easily people are willing to spill blood and worse for their non-Terran overlords .
As the Philistines , the citizens of Dunwich , or any of He - Man 's allies might tell you -- those that are still alive , at least -- these monstrosities cannot be reasoned with , their beliefs are not open for debate , they are impervious to science , and they are plotting right now to establish a brutal theocracy in your home city at the expense of your flesh .
Think I 'm exaggerating ?
How is the threat of global immolation at the hands of a purported prophet an exaggeration ?
( See 2 Kings 1:10 , and do n't give me this " it 's figurative " nonsense -- they 've already burnt scores of people in recent history ! )
In other words , in every case I can think of , eschatology is synonymous with war crimes and should be looked upon in the same light .
So what does one do with maltheism ?
Does one go mad with the realization when your mind finally begins to correlate its contents and you depart from the placid island of ignorance to view not only the black seas of infinity , but the fact that there are violent , highly aggressive , politically powerful , and terrifying mainstream forces literally preparing to bring about the end of the world .
. .
“ To hell with it .
I ’m not going to let that bitch ruin my day . ”
Is it denial ?
Maybe .
Considering the low percent of neural matter we humans have available to process information , I am not totally sure we can get around it .
But that 's okay , too .
Remember , from a biological perspective , we are just trying to avoid the death our species by religious genocide .
From a linguistic perspective , it would be a more precise demarcation of the group .
It would help slowly shape public opinion .
Just think : currently , though there are many exceptions , it is generally socially unacceptable to make racist comments without being rejected by mainstream society .
This has not stopped racism , but it has helped deal it a powerful blow .
Racism is now , at least in many areas , generally frowned upon in public .
Let 's make doomsday cults uncool as well by implementing the negative connotation to the language we use to describe them that their blood - stained history deserves .
Lovecraftian fiction provides the terminology we need to implement this .
This is not a polished argument , and it is certainly not a definitive one .
It is merely a collection of thoughts and reactions to recent world events I have been processing for the last month of so .
Putting them down in writing helps me to think things through more clearly , which hopefully leads to the successful reevaluation and refinement of my ideas so I can better deal with the temporality of my existence — whether it is enforced by malevolent forces or those of a more benign variety .
If this exercise turns out to be for no other reason than for my own selfish , intellectual pleasures , then so be it .
In the meantime , while I sort this all out , this I know : cultists really are trying to enslave me and destroy the world .
And so I say to them -- with a gleam in my eye -- what I imagine the professorial staff of Miskatonic University might have said to Wilbur Whateley ,
Viva la Résistance .
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
TOYOTA'S race to become the world 's biggest car company has taken a heavy toll .
On April 12th the Japanese carmaker was forced into suspending sales in America , this time of a top - of - the - range Lexus sport- utility vehicle , to investigate accusations that the car is in danger of toppling over under sharp cornering .
The reputation of the firm , which sold more cars than General Motors for the first time in 2007 , has suffered a battering after a spate of recent recalls to fix cars that accelerate unbidden .
Most pundits reckon that Toyota took its eyes off quality control in its efforts to overtake GM .
AP
The Financial Times is reporting ( sub req ’d ) in Friday ’s edition that Ridley and Tony “ have expressed interest in running MGM ” .
The newspaper quotes “ people familiar with the situation ” as its sources .
The assumption is that , if MGM emerges from the busted auction as a stand - alone and restructured company , a new management team will be brought in to run the studio once its fate is determined by creditors .
“ The Scott brothers have their own production company , Scott Free , but it is unclear whether their proposal would involve combining it with MGM , or if they are seeking a stake in the recapitalized studio .
They could not be reached for comment . ”
Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 | 5:15 PM
As mobile phones become increasingly powerful and can store more data , we 've introduced new methods of search to get you to your content faster , such as search suggestions or search by voice .
But sometimes , typing to get to the right search suggestion takes too long , and you may be in a quiet environment where speaking a query is inappropriate .
Today we 're pleased to announce Gesture Search , a new Google Labs application for Android - powered devices running Android 2.0 or above in the US .
Gesture Search lets you quickly find a contact , an installed application , a bookmark or a music track from hundreds or thousands of items , by simply drawing alphabet gestures on the touch screen .
Say you want to call your friend Anne .
Just open Gesture Search and draw letter “ A ” , and Gesture Search returns a list of items that have words starting with “ A ” .
If your handwriting is n't all that neat , that 's okay .
If the " A " you draw looks a bit like an " H " , as seen in the bottom left corner of the screenshot , " H " results will be brought up as well .
If needed , you can also erase a query by crossing it horizontally : left to right erases the entire query , and right to left removes the last letter or space in the query .
Now you can either scroll down the list to find Anne or write more letters to refine the search .
Additionally , Gesture Search improves search quality by learning from your search history , so Anne 's contact info will jump to the top of the list the next time you write " A " .
To download Gesture Search , search for it in Android Market .
You can get more information on our Google Labs page .
And as this is a Labs launch , we are particularly eager to get your thoughts and feedback in the comments below !
Update 2:19 pm Pacific Time 3/4/2010 : Gesture Search only supports English letters , but is now available for download in all countries .
It is no secret that people use Internet for anything and everything .
Be it surfing for some consumer goods or just to post a comment in a blog or attend a webinar , the rubbernecking has become a common practice among internet users .
However , email marketers should not assume that PeopleSoft decision makers too are just like that and they will surely click on their emails .
Unless they do n't sense something really important is inside your email they will never click or may simply report SPAMAlmost 41 % battle of Email marketing is won by an opt -in PeopleSoft users lists .
If the same email list is utilized in a proper way , it can bring wonders like high ROI in a tanking economy like today's .
Is n't it the biggest relief .
Of course it is , I bet .
Now to achieve another 59 % is the trick to hit the bull 's eye .
There are certain things that compliment authentic PeopleSoft decision makers lists such as : 1 .
Take extra care while preparing the final draft of your email .
Make sure you have mentioned all the relevant points .
If you find difficulty in doing that you can take assistance of eCampaign managing software .
You can get step by step assistance on how to design an email campaign .
2 .
Do n't ever think to blast your prospects with your untimely , graphically loaded emails .
If fail to do this , rest assured you are blacklisted by the ISPs .
Another thing to note here is if you are planning to send emails in bulk make sure your ESP is potent enough to do so .
There are servers which work so slow that your email with a seasonal offer will reach when the offer has staled .
3 .
Last but not least , keep a track of how your email campaign is working , open and click rates , bounce rate , unsubscribe request , etc .
These are some ' must watch ' things to analyze where your campaign is heading .
Also it will help you to trim the deadwoods and keep your PeopleSoft list more targeted .
Write to me or SIGN UP now and grab a 50 free contacts list , we will assist you in winning the email marketing race .
Another devastating intended / unintended consequence of the Obama administration 's major government expansion : charity organizations ( already in deep struggle to weather current economic conditions ) will likely experience additional major decline in contributions .
On the April 16 broadcast of Fox Business Network 's " Varney & Co. , " Rick Dunham , CEO of fundraising consultant Dunham & Company , weighed in on the new budget proposal that would scale back charitable deductions for families making over $ 250,000 .
" Do you think you 're going to take a really big hit in terms of lower donations to charities ?
How big a hit ? " host Stuart Varney asked .
" Well the Center on Philanthropy at Indiana University did a study last year to look at the impact of the rise in the marginal tax rate and the capping of charitable deductions at 28 - percent and they believe that it 'll be about almost a $ 4 billion hit based on 2006 dollars , " Dunham said .
" So we 're probably looking at about a $ 5 billion hit . "
" That 's a sizable chunk of money , " Varney said .
" There has been some talk that the administration wants to control charitable giving , and direct where your charitable gifts should go , therefore do it through the government and not through private charities .
You think there 's anything to that ? "
Dunham did n't reject the idea out of hand .
" I think all the actions kind of lead that direction .
Part of the challenge charities are facing right now is they 're coming off of two years of a decline in giving to charities , " Dunham stated , citing the approximate $ 12 billion decrease in charitable giving the last two years .
" The government has always encouraged it through the tax incentive .
And I think that 's been a huge part of giving in America - that the government has stood behind private philanthropy by saying 'we want you to invest in charitable institutions for the good they do to our society . '
And I think that 's what they 're beginning to undermine . "
Varney then turned to Rep. Scott Garrett ( R - NJ ) .
" I think the administration wants to do two things .
One is they want to try to control where your charitable donations go for the time being until they continue to squash that down , " the congressman argued .
" And just like with health care , the auto industry , they want to control the economy even more - and so the ultimate goal , some would argue , is to say that we 're not going to rely on charity anymore for future philanthropic organizations .
We 're going to turn those responsibilities over to who ?
The government and so you and I wo n't be making charitable donations except in the form of paying higher taxes to pay for those programs instead . "
Rick Dunham could not agree more .
" I totally agree .
In fact Barclays Wealth did a study - there 's been four major booms and busts in charitable giving since the 1500's , " Dunham said .
" The boom comes with wealth generation and business innovation ; the bust comes with government intervention and that 's exactly what 's happening right now . "
Each example above started out as a simple idea .
“ Turn our product , our brand , our vision into a fully functioning USB Flash Drive . ”
Behind the scenes this process is n’t simple but we make it a breeze for our customers .
First we need something to base the design on .
This could be a photo , a logo , a block of text , a toy , pretty much anything .
From there one of our experienced design team will use digital imaging software
to create a fully finished 3D model of your unique memory stick .
If we get it right first time then great but if we need to revise the design 50 times
we will revise the design 50 times – we will make sure your new case
is exactly as you want it .
McAfee , a household name for computer virus - protection , is facing accusations it dupes customers into purchasing third - party services , and hands over consumer banking information to enable those transactions .
A proposed federal class action in San Francisco claims that , once McAfee customers purchase McAfee software online , a pop- up appears even before the McAfee download begins .
" The pop -up , mimicking the look of the other pages on the McAfee site , thanks the customer for purchasing McAfee software , and prompts McAfee 's customers to click a red button to ' Try it Now , ' " the lawsuit alleges .
" The pop - up contains no obvious visual cues or conspicuous text indicating that it is an advertisement for another product , or that clicking on ' Try it Now ' will lead not to the delivery of the McAfee product but rather to the purchase of a completely different product " ( .pdf ) .
The unfair - business practices lawsuit comes as McAfee and rival Symantec are accused in a New York federal court of automatically renewing antivirus software subscriptions absent customer consent .
The San Francisco federal lawsuit points out that McAfee 's recent Form 10 K filing says McAfee delivers " proactive and proven solutions and services that help secure systems and networks around the world , allowing users to safely connect to the internet , browse and shop the web more securely . "
The lawsuit , which seeks unspecified damages , alleges that McAfee consumers are duped into purchasing a $ 4.95 monthly subscription to Arpu , an advertising company enabling consumers to make purchases from an online ad with a single click using credit card information already on file .
" Customers are deceived by the McAfee - Arpu pop-up and believe that they are simply completing a necessary step to download McAfee software after their purchase , " the suit claims .
" But a single click on the deceptive pop -up causes the purchase of an unwanted product from Arpu , a sale made without the knowledge or authorization of customers , using credit / debit card billing information that they have entrusted solely to McAfee . "
The suit says " nearly illegible " gray , 6 - point type on the pop-up instructs consumers that they are authorizing their credit card with Arpu and that " information regarding the price of the $ 4.95 a month is set forth in nearly illegible blue , 8 - point type set against a blue background . "
Spokesman Ian Bain said McAfee , based in Santa Clara , California , had just received the lawsuit and was not immediately prepared to comment .
Photo : cpchannel / Flickr
See Also :
LIKE A CALIFORNIA WILDFIRE , populist rage burns over bloated executive compensation and unrepentant avarice on Wall Street .
Deserving as these targets may or may not be , most Americans have ignored at their own peril a far bigger pocket of privilege -- the lush pensions that the 23 million active and retired state and local public employees , from cops and garbage collectors to city managers and teachers , have wangled from taxpayers .
Some ...
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
I need your help to get the Libertarian Party on the ballot in Illinois .
The Illinois LP has developed a great slate of candidates this year .
But Illinois voters wo n’t get the chance to vote for them unless the Illinois LP gets ballot access .
To do that , the state party needs our financial help , and that ’s why I ’m sending you this email .
Please make a contribution today .
Our national party frequently helps state parties get ballot access .
That ’s why we are the only third party who gets our presidential candidates on the ballot in almost every state — thanks to financial support from Libertarians like you .
You may remember some of our recent drives in North Carolina and Texas .
Thanks to financial help from our national party , those ballot access drives were successful , and now millions of voters in those states can vote for many Libertarian candidates .
The great news in Illinois is , if the petition drive is successful , we may not have to petition again in 2012 .
If Illinois Libertarian candidates get enough votes this year , we will automatically be on the ballot in 2012 .
I think we stand a strong chance of making that happen .
As a side note , the New Mexico LP is finishing up its petition drive soon .
Thanks to the support of Libertarians like you , we have been able to provide financial assistance to the New Mexico LP , which has greatly increased the chance that their petition drive will succeed .
Please visit our contribution page and make a generous contribution to help our ballot access efforts .
We ca n’t do it without you .
Sincerely ,
Wes Benedict
Executive Director
Libertarian National Committee
P.S. If you have not yet become a member of the Libertarian Party and wish to do so , please click here and join the only political party dedicated to free markets and civil liberties .
If you need to renew , please click here .
If you would like to make a contribution separate from membership , please click here .
Get ready for the austerity decade .
Forget all thoughts that the economic storm of the past 30 months is about to blow over .
We 've had what Mervyn King once called the NICE period of non-inflationary constant expansion but now we face a long DRAG – deficit reduction , anaemic growth .
The lessons of economic history , the current configuration of the economy , and inescapable long - term challenges that have to be faced provide the same message : it 's payback time .
Let 's start with a trip down memory lane .
The post - war era has been characterised by three distinct phases in the global economy .
There was a 25 - year boom that ended with the quadrupling of oil prices in the autumn of 1973 during the Arab - Israeli war .
There was another long boom – very different in its shape and in the division of the spoils – that also lasted for a quarter of a century , between 1982 and 2007 .
In the middle , there was a nine - year period in which policymakers grappled with stagnating growth and rising inflation .
It 's tempting to treat the current crisis as simply another of the mini-problems that punctuated the 1982-2007 upswing , but this is different from the stock market crash of 1987 , the US savings and loans debacle of the 80s , the mild recession of the early 90s or any of the crashes in emerging markets during the 90s .
All the previous crises could be alleviated by cheap money policies to create a bit more debt or shrugged off as peripheral events .
This crisis is different ; it has gone to the heart of the global economy , it has left the financial sector in a zombie - like state , and it has caused the same sort of existential crisis for the Chicago school of economists as stagflation caused for Keynesians in the 70s .
The profound nature of the shock means that the adjustment period will be just as long as it was in the 70s and early 80s , when the occasional flash of blue sky was quickly blotted out by a new thundercloud .
In the 70s , it took a long time for policymakers to understand that the old levers were no longer working , and the same applies now .
The response to the crisis has been unprecedented , and thankfully has helped prevent a deep recession from turning into something much worse .
There is some comfort to be drawn from the V - shaped recovery enjoyed by China and some of the other Asian economies , which suggests a decoupling between the developed economies of Europe and North America and the fast - growing emerging world .
But not much .
The sobering fact is that the structural weaknesses that caused the crisis – the imbalances between creditor and debtor nations , an over - reliance on debt , a financial sector that has lost sight of its real purpose – remain untackled .
We are – as King noted last week when calling for reform of the banks that would prevent retail banks on the high street speculating with their customers ' money – living in a fool 's paradise .
Turn now to the immediate outlook .
Financial markets have been wobbling since the turn of the year , fearful that the pick - up in activity from the spring of 2009 was merely a prolonged dead - cat bounce .
There is plenty for the bears to be worried about .
The strength of the recovery in the United States is flattered by businesses rebuilding stocks run down during the early , savage months of the downturn .
The housing market is weak and will remain so until unemployment starts to come down .
Officially , the US has a jobless rate of 10 % but it is much higher once the number of part - time workers who would prefer to work full time is taken into account .
Unsurprisingly , consumer confidence is low .
Europe is already into the second phase of a double - dip recession .
The economic convergence that the single currency was designed to bring about has happened : unfortunately the fast - growing countries on the fringe have been dragged down to the slow pace of those at the core rather than vice versa .
As for the UK , do n't be misled by the upward revision to growth in the final three months of 2009 .
Downward revisions to previous quarters of last year mean that the peak to trough fall in output was even bigger than previously thought at 6.2 % , while the boost to activity between October and December was partly the result of strong government spending and partly the result of consumers bringing forward spending to beat the return of VAT to 17.5 % .
There is a real possibility – looking at the latest official data for high - street spending and for unemployment – of a relapse in the first quarter of 2010 .
King and many of his fellow members of the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee certainly think so , judging by recent comments .
But never fear .
We are told , endlessly , that Britain is well - placed to take advantage of the recovery in the global economy .
The depreciation in sterling means that the focus of growth will be switched from domestic demand to exports .
This would be funny if it were not so serious .
Here 's the reality .
More than half of Britain 's visible exports go to a part of the world – Europe – that is barely growing .
Less than 5 % go to the big emerging markets of China , India and Brazil .
UK exporters have certainly been helped by the drop in the value of the pound , but have responded by fattening their profit margins rather than by selling more goods .
The extra cash flow is keeping them in business but not prompting additional spending on new kit .
Last week 's investment figures were truly horrific , with capital expenditure in manufacturing down by more than a third between the fourth quarter of 2008 and the same period of 2009 .
The lack of investment will show up in Britain 's trend rate of growth – the rate at which the economy can expand without inflationary pressures surfacing .
In the pre-crisis period , the Bank and the Treasury thought the trend rate of growth was about 2.5% - 2.75 % , but the recession has left deep scars .
Capital has been scrapped and is not being replaced .
The trend rate of expansion will have fallen at a time when there is a need to reduce the mountain of public debt .
That will make the deficit cutting process even longer and even tougher .
All this comes at a time when pressures on public spending are bound to intensify as a result of higher medical and long - term care costs of an ageing population , and the need to " brain - up " the workforce .
Andrew Dilnot , principal of St Hugh 's college Oxford and former director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies , says the greying of the baby boomer generation and extra NHS / care costs will add one percentage point per decade to the structural budget deficit .
So while the fragility of the economy means it would be unwise to start tightening fiscal policy immediately , an eventual squeeze is inescapable .
Apart from anything else , the interest payments on the national debt are rising fast , and every pound spent paying off the UK 's creditors is a pound unavailable for schools , hospitals and care homes .
As a result , the next decade will be marked by higher taxes and restraint on public spending .
Consumer demand and government investment will grow far more slowly than in the boom years .
Eventually , resources will be diverted into investment and exports .
But this is a sick economy , and it will take a long , long time .
Video and code to use OpenCLTemplate robust OMR .
In this video , I will explain how to detect optical markers ( checkerboards and concentric circles ) in outdoor environments using OpenCLTemplate OMR framework .
This sample shows how to use images and videos .
My screen shows an image obtained with lighting conditions that are not controlled .
What the code allows you to do is detect the checkerboard structure , with all checkerboard centers , and targets , with their colors and centers .
Key points
– Download framework from http://www.cmsoft.com.br/download/OpenCLTemplate.zip
– Include OpenCLTemplate and Cloo in references
– Initialize SuperPixel class and pass data using SetBmp for performance
– Analyze concentric regions and checkerboards
– Detection distance – CAM quality
– Download this example from http://www.cmsoft.com.br/download/RobustOMRDemo.zip ( Visual Studio 2017 )
For more details about the technique : please visit the text of my Thesis :
http://www.bdita.bibl.ita.br/tesesdigitais/lista_resumo.php?num_tese=73255
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
The wave of organic packaged foods may have crested at mainstream retailers .
Tomatoes are on display at an organic fruit and vegetable stall at a market in Montalivet , southwestern France , August 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Regis Duvignau
Organic foods and beverages are pulling back from startling growth levels in recent years and settling into a small niche space at mainstream retailers , food industry executives and analysts said this week .
The recession put a halt to the double - digit sales growth organic foods saw earlier last decade .
But even when the economy improves , organics are not likely to rebound to such lofty heights as consumers and retailers now have other priorities for spending and shelf space .
" It 's hard if you are a big company to do things that move the needle in that space , " said Greg Pearlman , managing director and head of the U.S. food and consumer group for BMO Capital Markets BMO.TO .
While Pearlman expects 2010 to be an active year for deals in the food industry , he did not see a big play for manufacturers in the organic space .
Health and wellness is still expected to be a big trend in the food industry , analysts and executives said at the Reuters Food and Agriculture Summit in Chicago .
But that interest will be spread across items like those with lower sodium , reduced calories and even a focus on removing allergens from food .
" Retailers are looking for the best assets for the limited amounts of space " they have , said Ken Harris , CEO of consulting firm Kantar Retail US , part of Britain 's WPP WPP.L .
Some organics and their less - regulated cousins , natural foods , may be losing out in that battle for shelf space .
Organic sales are still growing , but the pace has slowed sharply .
During the 52 weeks ending February 20 , supermarket sales of packaged foods and nonalcoholic beverages with “ organic ” claims rose 1.9 percent to $ 4.4 billion , according to Nielsen data .
That compares with an 11.7 percent increase the prior year , and increases of 24.5 percent in the period ending in 2008 and 29.1 percent in the period ending in 2007 .
Organic food was a hot topic in the grocery industry in the middle of the last decade , with even Wal - Mart Stores Inc WMT.
N saying in 2006 that it would double its organic offerings .
Mainstream manufacturers jumped on the bandwagon , coming out with organic versions of products like pasta sauce and ketchup .
To qualify as “ organic ” in the United States , food must be farmed without the use of pesticides , antibiotics or genetically altered organisms , while “ natural ” foods refer to those that are minimally processed .
ORGANIC BY ANOTHER NAME
Mainstream consumers are finding benefits similar to those they seek in foods that fall short of U.S. government standards for the “ organic ” label .
“ We ’re seeing a lot of conventional companies fighting back with ‘ organic light , ’ ” said Michael Swanson , analyst at Wells Fargo .
He noted milk that is free of artificial hormones is one product that consumers will buy that is less expensive than organic milk , but which still gives a benefit sought by consumers .
“ They do n’t need to go up to true organic to get most of the perceived benefit in their food dollar , ” Swanson said .
For some mainstream food producers , the economics of organic foods , naturally raised chickens and other such products have not made sense .
" The problem with that is every grocery store sells such a very small amount of it , " said Joe Sanderson , CEO of poultry producer Sanderson Farms SAFM.O , referring to " naturally raised " chicken , which he called a " niche " market .
“ They get a premium price for it , but ... most of the people that buy that product want boneless breast .
And what do you do with the rest of the chicken ? ” he said .
Bob Goldin , executive vice president of food and restaurant consulting firm Technomic , said that manufacturers and retailers may have put more organic products on store shelves when the marketing buzz was highest .
Now they are pulling some of it back as consumer demand did not meet those expectations .
“ I suspect there has been some rationalization , ” he said .
“ I do n’t think it was wholesale rationalization . ”
The Organic Trade Association expects that more growth will be seen in 2010 as the economy recovers .
“ This is not a passing fad , ” said Barbara Haumann , senior writer and editor for the trade group .
Still , the natural / organic segment is “ always going to be a niche , ” said Forrest Roberts , CEO of the National Cattlemen ’s Beef Association , an industry trade group .
He said organic and natural beef sales make up less than 2 percent of the market .
Solar thermal is a way of harnessing the largest source of energy available to us , so in this post I 'll have a look at the upswing in interest in the use of this technology for power generation in recent years and look at some of the approaches being pursued to make it economically competitive with coal fired power generation .
The US Department of Energy granted a US $ 1.37 billion loan guarantee to Brightsource Energy last week which could help clear the way for over 15 gigawatts of solar thermal power projects in California .
Brightsource built a pilot plant in Israel to prove their technology and has tested it over the past 18 months .
Their flagship Ivanpah project in California got a big boost when construction giant Bechtel agreed to build the plant .
One - time Australian solar thermal company Ausra was the leader in terms of publicity a couple of years ago when I last covered this topic , but the company seems to have slipped off the pace , failing to build a large scale facility and recently being purchased by French energy company Areva
Interest continues to bubble away in solar thermal power in Australia , with energy policy advocacy group " Beyond Zero Emissions " launching their " T10 " campaign to switch Australia to 100 % renewable power in a decade , largely using solar thermal power , and the Desertec Asia proposal also featuring concentrating solar power ( CSP ) heavily .
At one point Prime Minster Kevin Rudd was promising to build the world 's largest CSP plant here but that idea has n't had any media airtime lately - and neither has Worley Parsons ' proposal to build a large scale plant in north west WA .
The most active plans to build a local CSP plant seem to be coming out of ERM Power , who are proposing gas / solar hybrid plants to be built in Queensland and / or NSW in conjunction with Siemens .
The company making the most waves from a technology point of view lately is Californian company eSolar , founded by IdeaLab 's Bill Gross .
eSolar has been in the news lately as a result of their partnership to construct turnkey CSP systems with German company Ferrostaal in Spain , the United Arab Emirates and South Africa .
eSolar has also received attention for Chinese plans to build 2000 MW of combined solar / biomass facilities using their technology .
Gross was recently interviewed for Yale Environment 360 and outlined his vision for improving the performance of solar thermal power generation , with some of his key points being :
* Use software to analyse and optimise performance of plants
The biggest lesson that we brought was — I do n’t know if it was a lesson , but it was a philosophy — which is Internet - enable everything and put monitoring into everything .
So we have a microprocessor in every mirror and we have statistics second - by - second on the status , position , reliability , pointing accuracy — everything — of every single mirror .
We structured ourselves almost like an Internet company from the beginning to have logs of everything — every revolution of the turbine , every control from the control room , every Web cam image captured — so we could do data mining and data analysis on everything .
We want the ability to make software upgrades and impact every power plant around the world .
That ’s probably one of the biggest differences between our technology and all other solar technology .
If you [ have ] a big field of [ photovoltaic ] panels , those PV panels are there for 25 years .
They ’ll have that same performance , and there ’s nothing you can do to change that .
We can make a software upgrade and every power plant in the world can suddenly put out 3 percent more power potentially .
And we found already a number of software improvements that we can make even over the past six months , which significantly boosts performance of an already - constructed power plant .
There ’s new improvements we can make to the actual hardware , too , but even without changing the hardware there are software changes that can make more power , so we ’re really excited about that .
For renewable energy , about 80 percent , maybe 90 percent , of the cost is upfront and there ’s no fuel costs and the only cost over the years is operation and maintenance , which is small .
The biggest bottleneck is that these things cost big dollars , and you ’re limited how fast you can grow by how much money you can raise to build plants .
Our particular strategy to deal with that is to not have us be the bottleneck for raising that money .
Our customers raise that money .
If we want to renewably power this planet , it ’s going to take a lot of capital , and that capital has to be spent upfront .
We have a strategy at eSolar to never impact pristine land .
And the way we address that is several - fold .
First , we have a higher output per acre , so we take a smaller footprint .
Second , we ’re economical at a smaller size .
We can be fully economical at our 46 - megawatt size .
Those two things combined let us use a small enough footprint that we can locate on private land closer to population centers .
So rather than needing 2,000 acres contiguous to make the economics work — which you almost only can find far away on pristine land or [ federal ] land — we can locate on only 200 acres very close to a city and we can buy previously disturbed farmland or other properties that ’s already been developed so we ’re not causing any disturbance to natural habitat .
And that ’s an important part of our philosophy .
It gives us an economic advantage because we ’re locating closer to transmission .
That ’s probably even a bigger factor .
It takes years and years to build the transmission out to the pristine lands .
[ But ] the power plant , for example , in Lancaster [ California ] , is across the street from a transmission line .
We did n’t have to build miles and miles of transmission , which takes years and years to get people to approve .
I feel we still need to get almost another factor of two in the reduction of energy costs to potentially compete with coal .
We ’re already close to competing with natural gas .
It depends on the sunshine and the region .
Another factor of two is going to require two things to make that happen : Approximately 25 percent of that can be gotten by adding [ energy ] storage , and 25 percent can be gotten by increasing efficiency and lowering costs by volume production .
We produced 500 mirrors two years ago , 24,000 last year , and this year we ’ll produce a million .
So we ’re going to get a quantity break just by going to a million mirrors from 24,000 .
And everything gets more efficient in the supply chains as you get up to those volumes .
Anything that we buy in our lives that has dramatic cost reduction has seen a million — a million cars , or a million iPhones , or a million laptops .
So far there ’s only been thousands of heliostats .
So finally this year we ’ll cross the million number and that ’s when we can get the price reduction to really be competitive with fossil fuels .
* Do n't build plants , get utilities ( customers ) to .*
Avoid environmental conflicts and transmission line costs by building smaller plants on brownfield sites near cities . *
Leverage energy storage and volume of scale in manufacturing to reduce costs .
Google recently announced they have developed a prototype for a new mirror technology that could cut by half the cost of building a solar thermal plant , with both eSolar and BrightSource expressing interest in using the technology .
Previously at The Oil Drum :
Concentrating On The Important Things - Solar Thermal Power
Concentrating Solar Power
Cross posted from Peak Energy .
by Dennis Pirages and Paul Ehrlich
New York Times ( March 16 1972 )
Note :
I believe this article is as timely today as when it was published 38 years ago .
Nothing but the numbers has changed .
-- Bill Totten
Now that the People 's Republic of China has been admitted to the United Nations and American leaders are jetting to Peking , it is inevitable that we will be hearing more proposals for trade and aid to help the Chinese bring themselves up to " our standard of living " .
The idea of helping less developed nations " industrialize " or " catch up " seems as American as baseball .
Few people question the common wisdom behind these programs , the idea that the developing areas of the world can somehow catch up with contemporary consumptive standards of living in industrial societies .
The emergence of China as a needy superpower must surely generate a re-evaluation of these beliefs .
First , it is doubtful that the Chinese will ever reach our current standard of living ; indeed it is not certain that this is even possible .
But , more important , it is questionable whether such an achievement would be desirable , from any point of view .
If the level of industrialization in China could be increased to the point that each Chinese family possessed an automobile and other amenities of industrial society , the effect on China and the entire world would be catastrophic .
This observation immediately raises the point , of course , that the US should be considered overdeveloped by virtue of having attained a level of per capita consumption far in excess of that to which the bulk of humanity can realistically aspire .
Some very basic figures shed light on the development dilemma .
There are currently at least 750 million people in mainland China .
By contrast , the population of the United States is slightly over 200 million .
Since there are more than 3.5 Chinese for every American , it would require some 3.5 times the present United States resource consumption to sustain China at current American levels .
Such affluence in China would necessitate a tremendous shift in world consumption of raw materials .
Energy consumption is the best summary measure of industrial sophistication , and per capita energy consumption is indicative of average individual environmental impact .
The world currently consumes 6.5 billion metric tons of coal equivalent in energy each year .
The United States uses 2.2 billion metric tons equivalent or one - third of total world consumption .
The Chinese , on the other hand , consume less than 400 million metric tons equivalent .
In per capita terms , each person in China is supported by the consumption of less than 500 kilograms of coal equivalent , while his American counterpart is supported by some 11,000 .
Roughly speaking , twenty - two times as much energy is used to sustain an American as to sustain one citizen of China .
An " Americanized " China would consume nearly eight billion metric tons of coal equivalent in energy each year , more than the present total world consumption .
To the extent that energy consumption is a reasonable index of environmental impact , these numbers mean that raising Chinese energy consumption to the American level would amount to doubling the environmental impact of homo sapiens .
Indeed , just the concentrated release of heat in the parts of China containing most of the population could lead to major , unpredictable climatic effects .
These figures , and similar ones that could be calculated for other less developed nations , indicate that it is imperative that the United States reassess policies predicated on the assumption that those nations can and should " catch up " .
The industrial nations really have two choices .
They can continue their present course of devouring more and more of the earth 's resources while destroying the environment .
In the process there will be little substantial improvement in the lot of the poor nations , and in the not - too - distant future , a catastrophic , reduction in the capacity of the planet to support human life .
In short , the greed of the few will lead to disaster for all .
The second choice would be for the industrial nations to deal with their own overpopulation and overconsumption .
They could face up to the ecological unity of planet Earth and to the ways in which their destinies are intertwined with those of the poor nations .
By establishing a high quality life instead of a high quantity life they could provide a new kind of model for the developing nations to emulate .
Simultaneously they could begin a massive transfer of wealth to the poor nations so that poverty could be reduced substantially without destroying our planet in the process .
_____Dennis
Pirages is visiting professor in the department of biological sciences at Stanford University ; Paul Ehrlich is professor of biology at Stanford .
The New York TimesPublished : March 16 , 1972 Copyright ( c ) The New York TimesBill Totten http://www.ashisuto.co.jp/english/index.html
Korean War Veteran Builds Schools for his Former Enemies in China and North Korea
After South Korean soldier Kim Chin- kyung escaped from enemy forces , he decided to help them by creating universities in China and North Korea .
Kim Chin-kyung ( now known as James Kim ) was just 15 when he went to war in 1950 , serving for the South Korean army .
He was ready to fight to defend his country from the Chinese and North Korean forces — but on the battlefield in Seoul , their armies were too powerful for his unit to overcome .
Many of the 800 soldiers in Kim ’s unit were killed by enemy fire .
When a bullet hit Kim , he was sure he would be killed .
So Kim prayed for his life — and made a promise to God .
“ If you save my life , I would like to live for my present enemies , the North Koreans and Chinese , to save their lives , not kill them , ” he said .
Kim was one of only 17 soldiers in his unit to survive the massacre .
After returning home , he went back to school in Seoul , then traveled to Great Britain and the United States for further studies .
He became a successful business mogul with a chain of fashion shops in Florida .
But all the while , he never forgot about the promise he had made .
In the 1980s , when China began to open its borders , Kim was invited to give a guest lecture about South Korea in Beijing .
While there , Kim issued an offer to the Chinese president : he asked if he could set up a small vocational school in Yanji , a border city near North Korea .
Although the Chinese government was suspicious , they decided to allow it — though they nixed Kim ’s proposed school motto , “ Truth , Love , Peace . ”
Kim founded the Yanbian University of Science and Technology ( YUST ) in 1992 , and he and his wife moved into the dormitory building , living only steps away from the school ’s students .
Kim forged a strong bond with his students , and encouraged them to give back to their communities as he had : the program required each student to volunteer at nursing homes and orphanages .
This unique community service aspect , combined with instruction from highly qualified professors , has made YUST one of China ’s top universities .
Next , Kim wanted to help North Korea by building a university there as well .
But when he traveled there in 1998 , bringing food supplies from China , he was arrested and accused of being a spy .
He was thrown into a Pyongyang prison , and interrogated by North Korean officials for 42 days .
Kim was n’t sure if he would ever be freed , but eventually , he managed to convince the officials that he was actually trying to help the country .
He was released from prison , and in 2001 , he received permission to build the Pyongyang University of Science and Technology .
The $ 35 million graduate school , funded by charity groups and Kim ’s savings , has finally finished construction , and will begin classes in April .
The first class will consist of only 150 students , but Kim plans to expand the university and offer a range of graduate programs .
Despite the difficulties Kim has endured from China and North Korea ’s governments , he is not concerned with the countries ’ ideological differences .
He hopes only to give their children the opportunity to learn and grow .
“ When I went to China and North Korea , I told them I was not a capitalist or a communist , ” Kim told the Christian Science Monitor .
“ I was simply a ‘ love-ist . ’ ”
Return to Transcripts main page
AMERICAN MORNING
Texas Polls Show Governor Perry in Lead ; Bunning 's Filibuster Costing Jobs and Unemployment Benefits ; Chile Earthquake Aftermath ; No More Saturday Mail ? ; Shopping for Health Care : Bargain Hunting Can Save Thousands ; Is U.S. Quake Next ? ; Washington Does n't Get It ; Family Doctors Fading Away
Aired March 2 , 2010 - 07:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
KIRAN CHETRY , CNN ANCHOR : Good morning to you .
Welcome to AMERICAN MORNING on this Tuesday .
It 's March 2nd.
I 'm Kiran Chetry .
JIM ACOSTA , CNN ANCHOR : I 'm Jim Acosta in today for John Roberts .
Let 's get right to our top stories this morning .
The check will not be in the mail for thousands of people starting this week , thanks to a move by outgoing Senator Jim Bunning .
He took shelter in an elevator when asked about it .
Was this the right time to make a stand about deficit spending ?
Candy Crowley joins us on Bunning 's political pitch .
CHETRY : Also , looting in the aftermath of Chile 's devastating earthquake .
It appears to be getting worse this morning .
Thieves now roaming the streets in the heavily damaged city of Concepcion , and more strong aftershocks are also shaking the country .
We 're going to be getting a live report from CNN's Soledad O'Brien .
ACOSTA : And this morning CNN is asking , why does an MRI cost nearly $ 800 at one hospital and less than $ 250 at another for the same procedure ?
Chief Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen is shopping for health care , revealing huge price discrepancy from hospital to hospital that could be costing you thousands .
CHETRY : What she found was amazing .
ACOSTA : Startling .
CHETRY : We begin with two major political stories that everyone is going to be talking about today .
We 're covering it like no one else can .
First it 's the battle brewing in Texas , one showing the major political shift that 's going on in the country right now .
It is primary day in the governor 's race and the incumbent governor , Rick Perry , now has a double digit lead .
That certainly was n't the case just a year ago when his opponent , Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison , was considered a shoo - in for the governor 's race .
But Washington has never been a popular place in Texas and that could n't be more true than now .
Perry has tapped into that in political ads , calling her Kay " Bailout " Hutchison .
One video dubs her " the earmark queen " to the music of Abba 's " Dancing Queen . "
Hutchison has fired back calling Perry " arrogant " and " A Republican of convenience . "
ACOSTA : And in Washington , outgoing Kentucky Republican Jim Bunning is accused of playing politics with people 's lives .
Senator Bunning 's decision to block emergency funding has put 2,000 people out of work .
This morning Dana Milbank of " The Washington Post " wrote that is n't out of character , saying Bunning has been on a one - man campaign to cut off unemployment benefits , kick the unemployed off health insurance , cut Medicare patients payments to doctors , deny satellite TV to rural Americas , shut down federal food insurance and highway projects , and furlough thousands of federal workers . "
CHETRY : We start this morning in Texas where voters are finally getting their say after Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison and Governor Rick Perry fought hard for Republican hearts and minds .
Our Candy Crowley is live in Austin this morning .
It 's very interesting how quickly politics change .
It certainly has not been a run of the mill campaign .
CANDY CROWLEY , CNN SENIOR POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT :
It has not .
You know we like to say a week is a lifetime in politics .
Well , a year is an eon in politics , and much has changed since a year ago .
On the Republican side of this primary , those who want to run for governor on the Republican ticket , this has been a conservative versus a conservative versus another conservative , and everybody versus Washington .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
CROWLEY : Texas Senator Kay Bailey Huthison has been out flaunting her roots .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : She 's from Texas and riding a horse , Senator Kay Bailey Huthison .
CROWLEY : Why does the great , great granddaughter of a man who signed the Texas declaration of independence in 1836 have to remind Texans she 's one of them ?
GOV .
RICK PERRY , ( R ) TEXAS :
When you 've spent the last 17 years of your life as a United States senator in Washington , D.C. , when you voted for the bailout that in hindsight was an absolute atrocity , then you must go to the people of the state of Texas and explain to them why you 're not a creature of the Washington culture .
CROWLEY : The race to be the Republican nominee for Texas governor is all about Washington .
SEN .
KAY BAILEY HUTCHISON ( R ) , TEXAS :
There is an anger all over America , certainly all over Texas , about what 's happening in government , the overreach in Washington .
People think , what are on earth are those people thinking up there ?
And I do n't disagree with them .
I agree with them .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
When it comes to being conservative , Kay Bailey Huthison is the real deal .
CROWLEY : A year ago Huthison was the fav , a popular Republican seen as the establishment candidate who would broaden GOP appeal .
But that 's so 2009 , before incumbent Governor Rick Perry 's year - long full embrace of anti-Washington , anti-tax , socially conservative rhetoric that includes a declaration at a tea party event that Texas should consider seceding from the union .
WAYNE SLATER , " DALLAS MORNING NEWS " :
That got an enormous response , not because Texans want to secede , but because they hear the words " succession " as code for we do n't like Washington .
Unbelievably successful .
CROWLEY : Perry now leads Huthison by double digits .
Not that it 's that simple .
DEBRA MEDINA , TEXAS GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE ( R ) : I 'm here to tell you today we 're going to win .
CROWLEY : Deborah Medina has promised to abolish property taxes and ignore federal laws she thinks are unconstitutional .
A gun-owning nurse who home - schools her children , Medina is a tea party activist , campaigning as the real anti-spending , anti-Washington conservative .
MEDINA : They sing the song well during campaign season , but they do n't legislate that way .
CROWLEY : Medina 's presence in the race could force a runoff if no one gets to the 50 percent threshold , but she took a hit recently and her numbers began to fall when she did not immediately repudiate the notion that the U.S. government was involved in 9/11 .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
CROWLEY : Polls in Texas open here in just under an hour .
Every single public opinion poll taken prior to voters going to the voting booth has shown that Rick Perry , the sitting governor , will , in fact , win this race .
The key question again is whether or not he 'll reach that 50 percent threshold .
If not , he and Senator Huthison will have to face off again and sometime in April .
So the two of them could have to go at this another couple of months .
Kay Bailey Huthison has promised a different , stronger campaign if that is to occur .
Kiran and Jim ?
CHETRY : Interesting stuff .
Thanks .
ACOSTA : Great race down there in Texas .
CHETRY : Oh , yes .
ACOSTA : Turning back to the other huge political story , thousands of Americans are waking up without a job this morning .
President Obama says they have one senator to thank for that , outgoing Kentucky Republican Jim Bunning .
Bunning , a hall of fame pitcher who once threw a perfect game in the majors threw what many in Washington are calling a screwball , blocking the funding that keeps the paychecks coming .
Our Dana Bash tracked down Senator Bunning to get some answers , and take a look at what happened .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
What is the issue ?
Are you concerned about people unemployed ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I have to go to the floor .
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Can you just explain to us why you 're holding this up ?
I 'm sure you have an explanation .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Excuse me .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Are you concerned about those that are going to lose their benefits ?
I guess we have our answer .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
ACOSTA : Point out that was a senator 's only elevator .
Here 's what 's on hold thanks to this one - man filibuster -- $ 10 billion for road projects and unemployment benefits along with COBRA subsidies for laid off workers health insurance and funding for small business loans .
Candy is back to talk about this decision and the fallout .
Candy , this is turning in to be a big story down in Washington .
What happens now ?
The Senate is a curious institution , as you know , Candy .
Can Democrats get around Bunning and approve this money anyway ?
CROWLEY : They could if they wanted to .
They could do what we call filing cloture , which means they would simply -- file papers , and if they get a 60 vote margin they could get around him .
They would get a 60 - vote margin to get around this one man filibuster .
But it 's a really good issue for Democrats .
They have been playing this up , all of their leadership out there on the floor chewing up cyber space , sending things to reporters , pointing out this member party of no , this is their premier example right now , saying look what this one Republican is holding up .
It 's these jobs , it 's unemployment benefits , it 's health care benefits for the unemployed .
So it 's a very powerful political issue , they believe , and this is after all a political year .
So they will in the end pass a more permanent bill .
That is expected to come up late this week , but at the moment , it does n't seem as though on this temporary bill , this emergency bill , Democrats will file cloture on it .
They will let miss play out .
CHETRY : They 're getting political mileage out of it as well .
It 's so interesting how things work .
Unfortunately , we spoke to a woman who 's suffering because of this , and she 's one of the many thousands .
Back to Jim Bunning , though , for a minute .
He , as we understand it , has a history of being pretty abrasive .
" Time " magazine called him one of the nation 's five worst senators back in 2006 .
And the Republican leadership did n't really want him to run for reelection .
As we call him the retiring senator from Kentucky , is he basically being forced out ?
CROWLEY : Well , as you say , the Republican leadership made it quite clear that they did n't want him to run again and they supported somebody that certainly would have been a rival , so no , they did n't want him to run again .
There is bad blood between Mitch McConnell , the leader of the Republicans and a fellow Kentuckian , between Bunning and McConnell .
So that has not been an easy relationship .
Certainly Senator Bunning is testy .
He is very strong in his beliefs .
His whole thing is I want these unemployment benefits , I want this bill to go by , but where 's the $ 10 billion to pay for it ?
We could take it out of the extra TARP money .
Find a way to pay for it and we 'll move forward .
And the Democrats pointing out that this seems to be sort of a rebirth of having to pay for things since Republicans presided over a lot of spending that was n't paid for .
ACOSTA : All right , Candy , thanks very much for talking about this .
This is going to be the subject of conversation , I think , for a few days now .
Candy Crowley down in Texas watching that very important race down there .
Thank you , Candy .
And coming up at 7:40 eastern , we 'll hear from one woman who 's feeling the direct impact of Senator Bunning 's inaction .
Linda Calvin shares her message to the senator and what she 'll do now .
And it 's a big day in politics .
For all of the latest , make sure you go to CNN. com / ticker .
CHETRY : It 's ten minutes past the hour .
( WEATHER BREAK )
ACOSTA : Looters gutting storefronts and setting buildings on fire in Chile after this weekend 's powerful earthquake .
Soledad O'Brien is in Concepcion .
Her live report is coming up .
CHETRY : You look for bargains when it comes to shopping for clothes , a car , a house .
But a colonoscopy ?
Elizabeth Cohen reveals how shopping around for health care could save you thousands of dollars .
ACOSTA : And at 7:40 Eastern she says D.C. does not get it .
A woman who 's now stuck , her unemployment cut off thanks to one senator 's decision .
Her emotional message .
It 's 11 minutes after the hour .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
CHETRY : It 's 14 minutes past the hour .
Welcome back to the Most News in the Morning .
Authorities in Chile are now struggling to try to maintain order after an earthquake killed more than 720 people .
There are curfews and military patrols in place , but looters are still roaming the streets in Concepcion , which is Chile 's second largest city , and one of the most heavily damaged areas of the country .
CNN 's Soledad O'Brien is live there this morning with the latest for us .
Good morning , Soledad .
SOLEDAD O'BRIEN , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Hey , Kiran .
Good morning to you .
I want to show you where the search and rescue teams are putting their efforts this morning .
This is an apartment building .
And if you can imagine you 're looking at the underside of the building that was standing up like this and fell that way .
So what you 're looking at the top of the first floor , and if you look down you 'll be looking at the garage underneath .
This is their focus .
They have some 40 people or more who they believe are trapped inside .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
O'BRIEN ( voice - over ) :
The numbers on the chart of these rescue workers , even more grim .
Forty - eight missing and the count of the dead goes floor by floor .
( on camera ) :
Of the 48 people who are inside , what 's the likelihood that they 're alive ?
GUSTAVO RUDOLPHY , CHILEAN FIREFIGHTER : I do n't know .
We are looking .
There are some spaces there that , perhaps , we can find some persons .
But in these floors down here , I think there 's not too much chance .
O'BRIEN ( voice - over ) :
These Chilean rescue workers were heroes in Haiti just a few weeks ago , digging out survivors of that earthquake .
Now , they 're in their homeland doing the same after an earthquake estimated to be 800 times more powerful .
Just a block away , crowds watch a massive fire spread out of control .
It was set by looters and local firefighters were running the search and rescue victims and could n't attend to both .
A drive down a main street becomes dangerous .
Looters are breaking into open buildings , breaking into garages , in clear view of military guards .
The military said it had to take all groceries from the market to a distribution point , but at this mall , they 're way too late .
There is nothing left to distribute and nothing left to take .
The water hoses were turned toward looters and people walking in and out of stores without resistance .
I confronted two women carrying a bag full of goods and asked what they had taken and why .
They ran off , in plain view of the military , no explanation , no reason .
Across the street , a family sat outside defending their tiny store and home .
They can't go inside because of the powerful aftershocks , still shaking their vulnerable house .
They 're afraid of being outside because people are trying to steal what little they have left .
JULIA MONTOYA , EARTHQUAKE SURVIVOR ( through translator ) :
We do n't know what we 're going to do .
We 're sitting out here , waiting for somebody to help us .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
CHETRY : Again , that 's a sad situation going on in the aftermath of this devastating earthquake in Concepcion , Chile .
Thanks to Soledad O'Brien for her reporting .
And coming up at 7:30 Eastern , we 're going to be talking with two earthquake experts , Maria McNutt , she is the director of the U.S. Geological Survey .
And also Andre Filiatrault from the University of Buffalo .
They 're going to be talking about the risk of a major earthquake , rather , like the one we saw in Chile happening in the United States and if it were to happen are we prepared ?
It 's 17 minutes past the hour .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
CHETRY : Those glory days .
It 's 21 minutes past the hour .
ACOSTA : They 'll pass you by .
CHETRY : Exactly .
Christine Romans " Minding Your Business . "
The glory days , when mail came seven days a week .
CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : Yes .
Exactly .
No , and it might not come six days a week anymore .
Look , we have chronic problems with the post office and the postmaster general Jack Potter yesterday having a press conference saying , look , there 's big things that they 're going to have to do to make this whole situation more viable and save some money .
They 're saving about a billion dollars , cut a billion dollars of cost in the most recent year , but they have to cut more .
This is what they 're thinking of doing .
Eliminating Saturday mail , for example , five - day delivery , closing branches , maybe a lot of them , and more self - service kiosks .
I 've seen these in my own post office where you can very quickly get what you need and not wait in that monster line .
CHETRY : I love them .
ROMANS : But they 're thinking about putting these maybe in retail places , maybe outside of the -- and broadening this out so that you can get stamps and mail packages in other places .
Look , there are 600,000 workers at the post office .
The post office has 32,000 branches .
Twenty - six thousand branches are losing money .
There 's only a few thousand branches that get more in revenue than they have in expenses .
This is not a news flash .
This has been going on forever .
Part of the problem here is that it's an independent government agency so Congress is sort of involved .
When you try to close a branch , a Congressman goes crazy .
You protect roots , you protect jobs .
They 've never had job cuts at the postal service .
They rely on attrition , you know , and people retire .
Half of those people --
ACOSTA : You make it sound like this is a problem ?
ROMANS : Half of those people who work for the postal service are eligible to retire over the next 10 years .
So they 're going to get a chance to , you know , downsize but it's also going to come with retiree health benefits and the cost of that .
So look , chronic problem here , you might lose your Saturday mail .
We 've been talking about this for about a year but Jack Potter is saying they really -- they got to make some big changes .
They need Congress to approve some of these changes .
ACOSTA : What would I do with all that junk mail if it had to wait until Monday ?
ROMANS : It 's going to come Monday through Friday instead .
ACOSTA : I mean , that 's the problem , you know .
ROMANS : Right .
And you know , every MBA class , every graduate school , they send , you know , the bright 21 - year - olds to figure out how to solve the postal crisis .
And basically they say , well , put FedEx and UPS in there .
They make money in a recession sending packages .
Why can't we ?
CHETRY : But you talk about all the complications behind it , the political stuff as well .
You have a " Numeral " for us this hour ?
ROMANS : I do .
$ 7,229 a minute .
What could the postal service be losing ?
CHETRY : Losing .
This is how much they 're losing a minute .
ROMANS : Losing every single minute , they lose seven grand .
Can you believe that ?
I mean , how -- I mean , and so this just goes on and on and on .
What we 're seeing is sort of like Amtrak .
It 's the government 's agency that 's not a government agency that 's independent but relies on Congress .
It 's , yes .
ACOSTA : But if you put a piece of mail in the mailbox it gets there .
ROMANS : That 's right .
CHETRY : Even to Santa Claus .
ROMANS : And my mail carrier is very nice .
Very , very nice .
CHETRY : So is mine .
ACOSTA : Yes .
Please keep delivering our mail .
That 's what we 're saying .
CHETRY : No complaints here .
ROMANS : And they do deliver during the terrible snowstorms .
CHETRY : They do .
ROMANS : Rain , sleet , snow and whatever .
Yes .
CHETRY : Exactly .
All right .
Well , it 's 23 minutes past the hour .
We 're going to take a quick break .
AMERICAN MORNING will be right back .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
CHETRY : Twenty - six minutes past the hour .
Top stories just four minutes away .
First , though , an " A.M. Original . "
It 's something you 'll see only on AMERICAN MORNING .
Bargain hunting is something that you do , of course , in a department store .
Maybe you look for deals at your supermarket , but you would n't think to do that at a hospital , right ?
Well , CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen begs to differ .
She 's in Atlanta this morning and she has more .
You 've been doing a great job sort of highlighting for us the high cost of health care and how some of these costs are just really unknown to most of us .
ELIZABETH COHEN , CNN SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Oh , it is unknown .
People do n't realize that prices for basic medical services vary , even when you 're in the same city .
And this is important because even if you have insurance , you are still paying for a big chunk of your medical bills .
And my report now shows that it really pays to bargain shop .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
COHEN : Here in Concord , New Hampshire , like any place , when you go shopping , you can do price comparison whether you 're looking for a car or a pair of shoes .
But what I think people here or anywhere else fail to realize is that you can also go comparison shopping for health care services and save yourself thousands of dollars .
So come on , let 's go bargain shopping for a colonoscopy .
Our first stop is the Southern New Hampshire Medical Center .
They charge nearly $ 5,000 for a colonoscopy .
Let 's see if we can get a better deal .
Come on .
Here at the Concord Ambulatory Surgery Center , a colonoscopy would only cost me about $ 2,800 .
Now remember , the most expensive place to get a colonoscopy would set me back nearly $ 5,000 .
So coming here , I save more than $ 2,000 .
See , it pays to bargain shop .
I 'm so excited about how well I did with the colonoscopies , that now I 'm going to bargain shopping for a hernia surgery .
Here at St. Joseph's Hospital , they charge $ 13,400 to repair a hernia .
That is so expensive I 'm not even getting out of the car .
I 'm going to try to find something cheaper .
At Elliott Hospital , they only charge about $ 4,500 to do a hernia repair .
It 's the exact same procedure .
Why does it cost $ 9,000 less here ?
I 'm going to call these high - priced hospitals and ask them , why do you charge so much ?
Hi , this is Elizabeth Cohen calling from CNN .
( voice - over ) :
The hospitals would n't comment .
( on camera ) :
So I found someone who can explain these crazy health care prices to us .
Her name is Heather Staples and she analyzes prices of health care for large employers in New Hampshire .
I go shopping for a gallon of milk and there 's a huge price difference .
I 'm going to see it right there on the shelf .
But with medical services , people do n't know .
There 's no price tag .
HEATHER STAPLES , ANALYSES PRICES OF HEALTH CARE :
That 's correct .
And it 's even difficult for consumers to call a facility and ask for the price of services .
COHEN : So it 's actually , the reason for these discrepancies is some ways is pretty simple , which is that when you go buy a colonoscopy , there 's no price tag on it .
STAPLES : That 's correct .
COHEN : Give me another example of a procedure where there 's wild differences all in the same city .
STAPLES : Sure .
Knee scope .
At Dartmouth South , it 's about $ 5,300 .
In the same region at St. Joseph 's Hospital , it 's about $ 10,500 .
COHEN : So we all bargain shop for cars and things like that .
Does it pay to bargain shop for medical services ?
STAPLES : Oh , it absolutely does .
I mean , we 're talking about a $ 5,000 difference .
It absolutely makes a lot of sense to do it .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
COHEN : Now what 's interesting is some people might say , well , golly , what about quality ?
That as you saw there , at Dartmouth , one of the best hospitals in the country , a knee laparoscopic surgery was actually $ 5,000 less than at the other hospital .
So high price does not necessarily mean high quality .
Low price does not necessarily mean low quality -- Kiran .
CHETRY : All right , fascinating stuff .
Elizabeth , thanks so much .
We 're going to be joining you in the next hour as well to talk a little bit more about this .
And also tomorrow , our " Prescription for Waste " series continues .
A look at one hospital 's war on unnecessary and outrageously expensive procedures .
ACOSTA : It is 30 minutes after the hour .
And time for our top stories .
Two thousand federal workers are temporarily out of a job this morning as Washington plays politics .
Democrats are pointing fingers at outgoing Senator Jim Bunning who blocked action on a bill to extend transportation funds saying it would add to the budget deficit .
Coming up , you will hear from a woman who 's feeling the direct impact of this .
CHETRY : And also , President Obama 's White House to Main Street tour is going to be taking him to Savannah , Georgia .
It 's part of his plan to get out of Washington more often and spend time with everyday Americans .
The president is also expected to announce details of a new home star program that will offer rebates to people who buy energy - efficient appliances .
And also the U.S. Postal Service as we 've talked about with Christine is taking steps to shorten its work week to five days a week in order to save money .
The agency is asking an independent commission now to hold hearings before it goes to Congress .
Federal law requires six - day delivery currently .
The agency has already borrowed $ 10 billion in part because of a decrease in volume .
ACOSTA : Kiran , we 've seen two major earthquakes in two months and experts predict we 'll see more .
Here in the U.S. , the U.S. Geological Survey says more than 75 million people in 39 states , that 's right 39 states , face significant risk from earthquakes .
So are we prepared and who 's at risk ?
Joining me this morning is Marcia McNutt , director of the U.S. Geological Survey and Andre Filiatrault .
He is a University of Buffalo Civil Engineering professor and director of the multi-disciplinary Center for Earthquake Engineering Research .
Both of you , good morning .
Thanks for joining us .
And Marcia , a lot of Americans are looking down at what happened in Haiti and what happened in Chile and are wondering , could this happen here ?
Of course we can't predict the future with any certainty , but how at risk is the United States for a major earthquake on the scale of what we 're seeing now in Chile ?
MARCIA MCNUTT , PH.D , DIRECTOR , U.S. GEOLOGICAL SURVEY : Well , Jim , this is a very important time for all Americans to take a look at how prepared we are for an earthquake .
The bottom line that we 're seeing coming out of Chile and Haiti , is that once we factor out the depth of the earthquake , the magnitude of the earthquake , and the proximity to population centers , a citizen of Chile had a 400 - time better chance of surviving their earthquake than did a citizen of Haiti .
And I think that the goal of all Americans should be that when an earthquake strikes American soil , we should have an 800 - time better chance of surviving the next earthquake to strike American soil and that should be because we are better prepared , just like the Chileans were better prepared for their earthquake than were the Haitians .
ACOSTA : And Andre , we have a map showing some of the earthquake - prone areas here in the U.S. and let 's throw that up on the screen there .
You can see the West Coast obviously is , you know , very much at risk for a direct hit from a major earthquake .
And then there 's that blob in the middle of the country around Memphis , I was a local reporter in Tennessee so I know all about that .
And folks in the Midwest talk about that from time to time .
But really , the major concern is along the west coast and up in Alaska .
Andre , can you pinpoint with any accuracy as to which areas folks should be most concerned about ?
ANDRE FILIATRAULT , DIRECTOR , UNIVERSITY OF BUFFALO :
Well , it 's very difficult to predict , you know , the exact location of the next earthquake .
However , what is very important and I think the earthquake in Chile demonstrated that is enforcements of building codes is extremely important to improve , you know , the likelihood of survival as Marcia has mentioned .
Chile is a country where , you know , building codes have been enforced very strictly and you can see although there has been , you know , significant damage and unfortunately loss of lives , there 's also very good success stories .
Now here in the United States , obviously , the earthquake issues have been concentrated on the West Coast for good reasons .
There 's been many earthquakes in California obviously , and in the California region , enforcement of building codes , also development of new technologies , has certainly been a big factor .
However , we also have to think about other issues of existing buildings and that 's perhaps older buildings I should say , and that 's perhaps one of the problems that we will be facing , particularly east of the Rockies , where we have several older buildings , masonry buildings and so on , that have been built prior to the implementation of these building codes .
ACOSTA : Right .
FILIATRAULT : And these buildings could be particularly at risk .
ACOSTA : And Marcia , every year civil engineers come out and talk about how our infrastructure is failing in this country .
You talked about building codes , you talked about infrastructure , is there a connection there ?
Should we be concerned about the state of our bridges and tunnels and so forth in this country when it comes to earthquakes ?
MCNUTT : Well , I believe we should take a look at our infrastructure because we saw on the Loma Prieta earthquake that failing overpasses did cause many deaths and it's not only the risk to human life , but it's also the economic disruption that is caused in the days , weeks and months afterwards when we can't get our economic engine moving again because we can't get our transportation going again .
So I think it 's time to take an assessment of how robust are bridges , our highways are , to the damage that would be caused by a major earthquake .
ACOSTA : And Andre , I know we can't pinpoint with any accuracy as to when or where the next earthquake might strike , but there have been recent studies done , one out in California , that indicated along the west coast we should expect to see a major earthquake in the magnitude of perhaps what happened down in Haiti within the next 30 years .
FILIATRAULT : Well , definitely .
The magnitude that occurred in Haiti certainly can occur , you know , any time in California .
However , again , Haiti , what is a learning experience for us , is this is a region where earthquakes have not happened in a long time .
The last earthquake that struck Port - au - Prince was in the 18th century around 1750 , and over there , of course , there 's absolutely no concern about seismic design at all .
And this is a lesson for us to some extent where we also have a region in the united states , if we think , you know , the Midwest , eastern United States , also some extent the Pacific northwest , where earthquakes have not occurred in a long time and we may not be , you know , as prepared as we think we are .
ACOSTA : Well , Marcia McNutt and Andre Filiatrault , we really appreciate your insights this morning on this very important issue .
Thanks a lot for joining us .
MCNUTT : Thanks you , Jim .
FILIATRAULT : Thanks very very much , Jim .
CHETRY : All right .
Well , still ahead , is a U.S. senator playing politics with people 's lives ?
ACOSTA : We 're talking to a woman who felt the immediate impact when she lost her unemployment benefits .
What does she want to say to Senator Jim Bunning ?
It 's 36 minutes after the hour .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
ACOSTA : Welcome back to the Most News in the Morning .
Time for " Minding your Business . "
One senator 's decision to block funding for unemployment benefits is having an instant impact on people across the country .
CHETRY : And , in fact , we spoke to Linda Calvin earlier on AMERICAN MORNING .
She was a case worker for a head start program until last May when she lost her job and as a result of what 's been going back and forth in Washington she also lost her unemployment benefits on Sunday night .
Here 's her story .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
LINDA CALVIN , UNEMPLOYED HUMAN SERVICES WORKER : Actually , I do n't really believe it .
It has n't sunk in yet .
I just was getting back on my feet and going around putting in job applications and sending out resumes and have not found anything and here I am in the same situation again with no income .
ACOSTA : And Linda , I mean , the question that comes to mind for me is , do you think Washington gets it ?
CALVIN : No .
Washington does n't get it because they are not unemployed .
They 're not affected by the unemployment rate .
They 're not affected by the people who can't pay their rent .
They 're not affected by the people who can't buy groceries for their children .
They 're not affected by any of these things .
CHETRY : I understand that you were actually forced to move in with your daughter for a bit just recently .
As you said , you got back your own place and you were trying to help take care of your niece as well , so what are you going to do now if , in fact , this is n't passed and there are no benefits and the checks stop coming ?
CALVIN : Actually , I probably have to apply for welfare and food stamps and medical card and maybe that will pay for food , but it wo n't pay for our living arrangements .
I need a job or I need my extended benefits desperately .
ACOSTA : And Linda , what are the prospects like out there ?
CALVIN : Well , I 've been unemployed since May of 2009 and I have sent out hundreds of applications and resumes and I have not even had a call back .
The economy is bad .
Businesses are closing .
There are no new jobs coming to Kentucky for people to even apply to .
ACOSTA : And what would you say to Senator Bunning , if you could ?
CALVIN : Senator Bunning , I would say to him , bring some businesses here .
Do something to bring business here .
You 're trying to save money , but fine , bring businesses here .
Put the people to work .
The economy will improve .
When people have money , they pay bills , they work , they shop .
They encourage the economy .
They uplift the economy .
If you 're cutting off people 's pay , the economy is going to go down and it's not going to be a pretty picture .
CHETRY : It 's interesting .
I would like to get your thoughts on this one as well .
Republican Senator Jon Kyl made the case yesterday as all this was being debated in the walls of Congress , that actually continuing to give unemployment benefits dissuades people and is a disincentive for people to try to get out there and get back into the job market .
What do you think ?
CALVIN : That 's ridiculous .
People do n't want to live on free money .
You can't have a future .
You can't make goals .
You 're stuck .
When you are dependent on one particular income and there 's no way out .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
CHETRY : There you go , Linda Calvin 's personal story .
We do want to point out that we have reached out to Senator Bunning 's office .
We have calls in to him today and he , of course , is welcome to give his side of this entire situation and perspective on our show today or this week .
ACOSTA : That 's right .
And Bunning 's point was that he , not necessarily wants to , you know , throw people out on the streets , he wants these programs paid for and that was his problem with this legislation which is why he decided to go ahead and filibuster it .
But we should know Democrats are talking about later this week passing legislation that would retroactively bring those benefits back to those folks who lost them temporarily .
CHETRY : Right .
ACOSTA : But for the folks who are out on those highway jobs last week and went there yesterday morning and found out they do n't have work , you know , that 's tough .
CHETRY : Of course .
Yes .
And as Candy Crowley pointed out earlier , both sides seem to be getting a little bit political mileage out of this right now
ACOSTA : Yes .
CHETRY : They could technically vote to end this .
And --
ACOSTA : It is an election year .
CHETRY : Yes .
It 's to be continued .
ACOSTA : Well , it is 44 minutes past the hour .
Rob Marciano will have this morning 's travel forecast right after the break .
CHETRY : Also coming up in 10 minutes is your " A.M. House Call . "
A bit of a Catch - 22 .
Possible new health care coverage for millions of Americans , but in the U.S. , not enough doctors to see all these new patients .
We 're going to talk about that conundrum coming up .
It 's 44 minutes past the hour .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
ACOSTA : ( INAUDIBLE ) birthday .
CHETRY : Wow !
He 's how old today ?
ACOSTA : He's 68 .
CHETRY : Sixty - eight ?
He does n't look a day over 62 .
ACOSTA : I 'm sure he appreciates that .
CHETRY : I 'm kidding .
I 'm sure he looks great .
Anyway , " Walk on the Wild Side . "
ACOSTA : That song is still the best .
CHETRY : Oh , yes .
And it 's been sampled so many times , I did n't know if it was ( INAUDIBLE ) space or if it was the original .
ACOSTA : Exactly .
CHETRY : Anyhow , it 's a beautiful shot of Columbus Circle today .
The sun is shining .
We like to see that in New York , 36 degrees right now and it is going up to a high of 44 , which for us , lately , is , you know , hallelujah .
It 's 44 .
ACOSTA : Yes .
It 's spring .
Yes .
CHETRY : Exactly .
ACOSTA : Exactly .
CHETRY : Well , let 's take you to Rob Marciano .
He 's not so lucky in Atlanta today .
They 're already canceling some flights , AirTran ahead of the weather you guys are getting .
ROB MARCIANO , AMS METEOROLOGIST : Yes , it 's pretty nasty out right now , and we are going to see a little bit of snow , but not nearly as bad as it could be with this sort of storm track .
If there was colder air in place or -- maybe a month earlier , we would see , well , what we saw a month earlier , a month ago , which was 4 or 5 , 6 inches of snow in some parts of Georgia .
Today , though , we 're just starting to see some snow mixed in , in places of North Georgia , North Alabama and even extreme Northeast Mississippi in through parts of Tennessee also .
Right now , Atlanta just reporting some cold rain and 39 degrees , but just in the northern suburbs .
No doubt there are some flakes mixing in .
There were some flakes mixing in in parts of Central and Southern Mississippi today , an inch possible in some of the metro areas , mostly on grassy surfaces .
Again , later on this afternoon , the winter storm warnings posted in parts of North Georgia and the high country of the Carolinas , maybe 2 to 4 inches of snow there .
Notice the temperatures , not a whole lot even close to freezing , so that tells you that what does fall will be of the slushy variety .
How far north is it going to extend ?
Up the Appalachians , it will get into the D.C. / Philly area but it's not going to be a whole lot , maybe an inch or two .
I think the winds and even some coastal flooding might be an issue with this windstorm .
Atlanta and Charlotte , you 're going to see some delays with the snow , low clouds and wind and rain .
Miami and Orlando , also some delays because of thunderstorms .
And I should point out that there is another storm coming into the Pacific Northwest , actually the West Coast .
There 's several systems lining up for the Pacific and we will be concentrating on that as we get towards the end of this week .
No doubt that California does n't need any more rain or storminess , but 'tis the way an el Nino winter goes , and this one does n't seem to want to stop .
Jim and Kiran , back up to you .
ACOSTA : This is a brutal winter .
CHETRY : Yes , and what does it mean for the -- what 's the El Nino spring ?
Do we get some sort of flip side , some sort silver lining to this ?
ACOSTA : Payback ( ph ) .
MARCIANO : You know , just because I think you guys need it so bad , I 'm -- I 'm just going to tell you that it 's -- it 's going to be warmer this spring .
ACOSTA : There you go .
MARCIANO : At least warmer than it is now .
CHETRY : Yes , thanks , Rob .
ACOSTA : Awesome .
We 'll take it .
CHETRY : And that 's as far as you 'll go in terms of your predictions .
Appreciate it .
MARCIANO : You got it .
All right , guys .
See you .
CHETRY : All right .
Well , this morning 's top stories just minutes away , including coming up at the top of the hour , they 're dealing with more misery in Chile this morning because of looters .
Those who survived the terrible earthquake are trying to salvage what 's left of their belongings , protect them from looters .
Right now , some are burning down buildings , breaking into homes , gutting stores right in front of the military .
We 're live in Chile in a moment .
ACOSTA : Plus , how one senator made it an early day for 2,000 federal workers .
The filibuster that has members of both parties riled up .
CHETRY : Also at the bottom of the hour , a warning that a killer whale would live up to its name four years before one killed his trainer last week at SeaWorld .
Now , some are asking the question , was that report swept under the rug because of pressure from SeaWorld ?
Randy Kaye investigates .
Those stories and much more coming up in the next hour .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
ACOSTA : Welcome back to the Most News in the Morning .
By the time Democrats and Republicans figure out how to reform health care and provide coverage of millions to uninsured Americans , there may not be enough doctors to go around .
And as our CNN Chief Medical Correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , tells us , the problem is bound to become a lot worse .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE )
DR . SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT ( voice - over ) :
They are a part of American lore -- the country family doctor , primary physicians making house calls , fixing whatever is broken .
That version of the primary care doctor has long since faded away .
GUPTA ( on camera ) :
And the thing is , the modern day version may also be close behind , which makes the woman you are about to meet , Nakato , an even more rare breed .
Hi. Nakato ?
DR . NAKATO KIBUYAGA , MOREHOUSE SCHOOL OF MEDICINE : Hi. Dr. Gupta .
Nice to meet you .
GUPTA : Nice to meet you .
Now , part of the reason I wanted to come meet you is because you 're going into primary care .
KIBUYAGA : Yes .
GUPTA : And I guess there 's fewer and fewer of you .
Why -- why are n't more of your colleagues choosing this as a profession ?
KIBUYAGA : Well , I think there are several reasons .
One of the main reasons is that the prestige , the spotlight is just not on family medicine physicians .
We do n't have the same reputation like some of the other doctors do in a subspecialty .
GUPTA ( voice - over ) :
Over the next decade , the American Academy of Family Physicians predicts a 400,000 primary care doctor shortage , and that 's before any reform of the health care system that could introduce tens of millions of new patients into that system .
GUPTA ( on camera ) :
Which is going to make finding doctors to fill rooms like this even harder .
You know , it 's been 17 years since I finished medical school , and over that time , the number of medical students choosing primary care has slipped by more than 50 percent .
To draw up more of a scale of reference , at the nation 's largest medical school , the University of Illinois , they graduated 314 medical students last year , and only 20 chose primary care .
DR . ALAN POCINKI , PHYSICIAN : People who have insurance can't find a doctor , so suddenly we 're going to give insurance or give access to health care to a whole bunch of people who have n't had it without increasing the number of physicians , it 's going to be a problem .
GUPTA ( voice - over ) :
So why such a decrease ?
GUPTA ( on camera ) :
How much of this is about money ?
Just compensation ?
KIBUYAGA : I think that 's a major reason why a lot of medical students are n't choosing family medicine .
The potential for financial gain is just not the same as those other fields .
GUPTA : Do you have any idea what is the average salary of a -- of a primary care physician in this country ?
KIBUYAGA : Well , here in Atlanta -- it differs , depending on what area of the country you 're in .
But here in Atlanta , maybe around 150 , just starting off .
GUPTA ( voice - over ) :
And that 's just slightly lower than the national average of $ 173,000 a year .
Specialists do make more .
Cardiologists , they average $ 419,000 .
Oncologists average $ 335,000 .
Resident like Nakato are hopeful they 'll stay afloat , but according to a physician 's foundation survey which questioned almost 12,000 doctors found half of them are looking to cut their patient load and / or close their clinics because of lower reimbursement from insurance companies and the cost of malpractice insurance skyrocketing .
GUPTA ( on camera ) :
All the reasons you stated as to why people do n't go into primary care , you still did .
KIBUYAGA : Yes .
GUPTA : Why is that ?
KIBUYAGA : Well , as a medical student , I realized that I had a very strong interest in pediatrics and OB , and I just could n't decide , and family medicine was the perfect fit for me because I -- I knew that I could practice both .
GUPTA ( voice - over ) : Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN , reporting .
( END VIDEOTAPE )
CHETRY : All right .
Sanjay , thanks so much .
Well , it 's three minutes till the top of the hour .
Your top stories are just two minutes away .
We 'll be right back .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
I think he needs to take a trip to
E-Hardigree.com
The E - Hardigree team matches you based on your ideal cars , track level skill , ability to hit the apex of a corner , and your viewpoints on Jalopnik vs. Autoblog .
For instance , if I enjoy a nice walk on the beach , get into intimate relationships with my cars , and think AutoBlog is the son of Satan , Ray is my ideal partner * .
That 's frightening as well as disturbing , but that 's the way the E - Hardigree team has been working for over 10 years of dedicated service .
We will work with you for days until we find your perfect mate .
Whether the Track or the Bed , that special someone is there for you .
We guarantee it .
So call E - Hardigree today at 1-800 - Race - Bud or e-mail us at Lonely_Hooner@E-Hardigree.com
And remember , E - Hardigree ,
If you race on a Circuit , we can help you work it !
* Do n't worry , we 'll make sure Ray does n't make a profile .
[ / caption ]
Published in 1915 , Einstein ’s theory of general relativity ( GR ) passed its first big test just a few years later , when the predicted gravitational deflection of light passing near the Sun was observed during the 1919 solar eclipse .
In 1960 , GR passed its first big test in a lab , here on Earth ; the Pound - Rebka experiment .
And over the nine decades since its publication , GR has passed test after test after test , always with flying colors ( check out this review for an excellent summary ) .
But the tests have always been within the solar system , or otherwise indirect .
Now a team led by Princeton University scientists has tested GR to see if it holds true at cosmic scales .
And , after two years of analyzing astronomical data , the scientists have concluded that Einstein ’s theory works as well in vast distances as in more local regions of space .
The scientists ’ analysis of more than 70,000 galaxies demonstrates that the universe – at least up to a distance of 3.5 billion light years from Earth – plays by the rules set out by Einstein in his famous theory .
While GR has been accepted by the scientific community for over nine decades , until now no one had tested the theory so thoroughly and robustly at distances and scales that go way beyond the solar system .
Reinabelle Reyes , a Princeton graduate student in the Department of Astrophysical Sciences , along with co-authors Rachel Mandelbaum , an associate research scholar , and James Gunn , the Eugene Higgins Professor of Astronomy , outlined their assessment in the March 11 edition of Nature .
Other scientists collaborating on the paper include Tobias Baldauf , Lucas Lombriser and Robert Smith of the University of Zurich and Uros Seljak of the University of California - Berkeley .
The results are important , they said , because they shore up current theories explaining the shape and direction of the universe , including ideas about dark energy , and dispel some hints from other recent experiments that general relativity may be wrong .
“ All of our ideas in astronomy are based on this really enormous extrapolation , so anything we can do to see whether this is right or not on these scales is just enormously important , ” Gunn said .
“ It adds another brick to the foundation that underlies what we do . ”
GR is one , of two , core theories underlying all of contemporary astrophysics and cosmology ( the other is the Standard Model of particle physics , a quantum theory ) ; it explains everything from black holes to the Big Bang .
In recent years , several alternatives to general relativity have been proposed .
These modified theories of gravity depart from general relativity on large scales to circumvent the need for dark energy , dark matter , or both .
But because these theories were designed to match the predictions of general relativity about the expansion history of the universe , a factor that is central to current cosmological work , it has become crucial to know which theory is correct , or at least represents reality as best as can be approximated .
“ We knew we needed to look at the large - scale structure of the universe and the growth of smaller structures composing it over time to find out , ” Reyes said .
The team used data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( SDSS ) , a long - term , multi-institution telescope project mapping the sky to determine the position and brightness of several hundred million galaxies and quasars .
By calculating the clustering of these galaxies , which stretch nearly one - third of the way to the edge of the universe , and analyzing their velocities and distortion from intervening material – due to weak lensing , primarily by dark matter – the researchers have shown that Einstein ’s theory explains the nearby universe better than alternative theories of gravity .
The Princeton scientists studied the effects of gravity on the SDSS galaxies and clusters of galaxies over long periods of time .
They observed how this fundamental force drives galaxies to clump into larger collections of galaxies and how it shapes the expansion of the universe .
Critically , because relativity calls for the curvature of space to be equal to the curvature of time , the researchers could calculate whether light was influenced in equal amounts by both , as it should be if general relativity holds true .
“ This is the first time this test was carried out at all , so it ’s a proof of concept , ” Mandelbaum said .
“ There are other astronomical surveys planned for the next few years .
Now that we know this test works , we will be able to use it with better data that will be available soon to more tightly constrain the theory of gravity . ”
Firming up the predictive powers of GR can help scientists better understand whether current models of the universe make sense , the scientists said .
“ Any test we can do in building our confidence in applying these very beautiful theoretical things but which have not been tested on these scales is very important , ” Gunn said .
“ It certainly helps when you are trying to do complicated things to understand fundamentals .
And this is a very , very , very fundamental thing . ”
“ The nice thing about going to the cosmological scale is that we can test any full , alternative theory of gravity , because it should predict the things we observe , ” said co-author Uros Seljak , a professor of physics and of astronomy at UC Berkeley and a faculty scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory who is currently on leave at the Institute of Theoretical Physics at the University of Zurich .
“ Those alternative theories that do not require dark matter fail these tests . ”
Sources : “ Princeton scientists say Einstein ’s theory applies beyond the solar system ” ( Princeton University ) , “ Study validates general relativity on cosmic scale , existence of dark matter ” ( University of California Berkeley ) , “ Confirmation of general relativity on large scales from weak lensing and galaxy velocities ” ( Nature , arXiv preprint )
Opinion More bad news today for the International Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , as another of its extravagant ecopocalypse predictions , sourced from green campaigners , has been confirmed as bunk by scientists .
The UN body came under attack earlier this year for suggesting that 40 per cent of the Amazonian rainforests - dubbed the " lungs of the planet " by some for their ability to turn CO 2 into oxygen , and also seen as vital on biodiversity grounds - might disappear imminently .
This disaster would be triggered , according to the IPCC 's assessment , by a relatively slight drop in rainfall of the sort to be expected in a warming world .
Unfortunately it now appears that just such conditions have already occurred , and in fact the Amazonian jungles were unaffected .
Perhaps unsurprisingly , the IPCC projection originated in a study produced in 2000 by campaigning group WWF , which was also implicated in the IPCC 's equally invalid prediction that the glaciers of the Himalayas will all have melted within a generation from now .
According to the WWF report ( pdf ) , which was not subject to scientific peer review - it was written by a freelance journalist and published by WWF itself - drying - up of forests will lead to runaway wildfires that will destroy the jungle and perhaps the entire planetary ecosystem .
The document is full of phrases such as " the year the world caught fire " .
It warns of imminent doom caused by drought cycles :
The world faces a positive feedback cycle in which climate change , exacerbated by forest fires and deforestation , increases the frequency of the El Niño phenomenon , which in turn causes more forest burning .
The world faces warmer more violent weather , and more forest fires ... scientists believe the whole Amazon itself is threatened , with the rainforest being replaced by fire - prone vegetation .
This has global consequences ...
It was bad enough that the IPCC included this in its 2007 Fourth Assessment Report .
But now it has been conclusively disproven - so much so that even IPCC members pour scorn on it , though they have n't retracted or amended their original endorsement of it .
NASA - funded scientists analysing the past decades of satellite imagery of the Amazon basin say that in fact the rainforests are remarkably resilient to droughts .
Even during the hundred - year - peak dry season of 2005 the jungles were basically unaffected .
IPCC member speaks
" We found no big differences in the greenness level of these forests between drought and non-drought years , " says Arindam Samanta of Boston university , lead author of the new study based on NASA 's MODIS sat data .
" Our results certainly do not indicate such extreme sensitivity to reductions in rainfall , " adds Sangram Ganguly of the NASA - affiliated Bay Area Environmental Research Institute , another study author .
Even the IPCC itself now regrets listening to WWF .
" The way that the WWF report calculated this 40 per cent was totally wrong , " according to IPCC member Jose Marengo , commenting on the new research .
Which raises the question of why his colleagues referenced the WWF polemic in their 2007 report on what the world can expect : and why they still publish it today on the web as part of their considered opinion .
Samanta , Ganguly and their colleagues also consider that their results debunk another controversial paper published in 2007 , which said that the 2005 drought was actually good for the rainforests , causing them to " green up " due to more sunlight from cloudless skies .
These results are " not reproducible " , according to the new analysis , which indicates that in fact nothing much changed down on the Amazon during the 2005 dry spell .
Samanta , Ganguly et al 's paper , Amazon forests did not green - up during the 2005 drought , is published in Geophysical Research Letters ( subscriber link ) . ®
Big news .
OK
Go has struck out on its own .
The band has left the EMI family of corporations to form their own enterprise , a homemade upstart called Paracadute .
In addition to being humanity ’s second most fun word to say ( “ pamplemousse ” was taken ) , Paracadute is really just a way for the boys to continue doing what they ’ve always done .
Which is whatever they want .
Being OK
Go just got a little bit easier .
So please join me in welcoming Paracadute into the world .
As yet , there ’s no building , no logo , no employee manual .
Just the band , some paperwork , and a bunch of insane ideas .
Plus two dogs in suits .
Exciting stuff .
A word on Capitol / EMI : Neither our lawyers nor their lawyers have any hard feelings and , in fact , the split has been remarkably friendly .
There are many wonderful people at the company who have worked very hard on our behalf , and we ’ve become very close with them over the years .
Even if the band had n’t signed a non-disparagement clause as part of the deal , we would have nothing bad to say .
All joking aside , we ’re very thankful , and we wish them all the best .
So , pop a cork and blast Of The Blue Colour Of The Sky .
Today is a big , exciting , incredible day , the latest lovely moment in a big , exciting , incredible week .
More news soon .
Jorge
PS … Oh , fine .
More news now :
If you ca n’t get to one of the thirty - plus shows on the upcoming tour , fear not : the boys will be on your TV .
In the next month they ’ll visit Carson Daly ( 4/16 ) , David Letterman ( 4/28 ) , Steven Colbert ( 4/29 ) , and Jimmy Kimmel ( 4/1 ) and Fallon ( 5/4 ) .
They ’ll also be at Bamboozle , Bonnaroo and Sasquatch .
Some busy months ahead .
By Alistair MacDonald and Sara Schaefer Muoz
The U.S. bankruptcy - court examiner 's report into the collapse of Lehman Brothers Holdings may have kicked off a Transatlantic kerfuffle over whether an attempt to buy Lehman Brothers by Britain 's Barclays was torpedoed by U.K. regulators .
Buried within the report is a submission from the Financial Services Authority that contradicts the account of the September weekend when Lehman went down given in former Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson 's new book , " On the Brink : Inside the Race to Stop the Collapse of the Global Financial System . "
According to Paulson 's book , on Sunday , Sept. 13 , 2008 , the FSA and the U.K .
Treasury unexpectedly rejected a proposed Barclays deal that would have saved Lehman 's from bankruptcy .
" ' The British screwed us , ' I blurted out , " Paulson recounts having told assembled bank CEOs .
In the book , Paulson says that Sunday was the first he heard that the FSA would n't support a Barclays deal .
In a detailed account of the back and forth between itself , U.S. and U.K. authorities and Barclays , the FSA repeatedly states that Barclays did n't put a deal before it to torpedo .
Today , I want to talk about a problem that I do n’t have a good solution for , and throw the floor open in the hope that someone else does .
Teach me , O commenters .
Suppose your program has to build a tree structure — for example , as the result of parsing a query in some kind of structured query language .
And suppose that , having built the tree , you want to do several different operations that involve walking that tree .
How do you design that program ?
To make it concrete , consider my ( rather aged ) package CQL - Java , which — get ready for a big surprise — provides a CQL parser in Java .
CQL is a conceptually simple but very precise and expressive query language used in information retrieval , but for our current purposes all we need to know is that it supports structured boolean queries like these :
kernighan kernighan and ritchie ( kernighan and ritchie ) or fowler kernighan and ( ritchie or pike )
Our task is to parse such queries , and to be able to render them out either in an XML format called XCQL or in Index Data ’s ugly but functional Prefix Query Format .
I guess we can all agree that we want an API something like this :
abstract class CQLParser { Node compile ( String textualQuery ) ; } class Node { String toXCQL ( ) ; String toPQF ( ) ; }
And that the Node object returned from the parser is the root of a tree of nodes which represent the parse tree , where nodes can be of types And , Or and Term .
( In reality there are lots of other kinds of node , too , the we can ignore them for our purposes . )
Assuming that we ’ve written the actual parser , the question becomes , where do we put the code that generates the formatted textual output that becomes the XCQL and PQF ?
In the old days , especially if we were used to writing C , we ’d have a pair of functions defined on the Node class , both switching on the node ’s type and looking more or less like this :
Class Node { String toPQF ( ) { if ( type == AND ) { return " @and " + left.toPQF ( ) + " " + right.toPQF ( ) ; } else if ( type == OR ) { return " @or " + left.toPQF ( ) + " " + right.toPQF ( ) ; } else { return term ; } } }
These days , of course , no - one would be so crass .
We ’ve all read Fowler ’s Refactoring , and we know that Switch Statements Are Evil .
In particular , we ’ve read Fowler ’s page 223 , the introduction to his Replace Type Code with Subclasses refactoring , and we remember that it says :
Switches or if - then - else constructs [ … ] test the value of the type code and then execute different code depending on the value of the type code .
Such conditionals need to be refactored with Replace Conditional with Polymorphism [ … ]
The advantage of Replace Type Code with Subclasses is that it moves knowledge of the variant behaviour from clients of the class to the class itself .
If I add new variants , all I need to do is add a subclass .
Without polymorphism I have to find all the conditionals and change those .
So we ’d be more likely to make Node an abstract class , and derive three subclasses , AndNode , OrNode and TermNode .
Then each of those subclasses would have its own little toPQF ( ) method — and toXCQL ( ) — and the Evil Switch Statement is avoided :
class AndNode extends Node {
Node left , right ; String toPQF ( ) { return " @and " + left.toPQF ( ) + " " + right.toPQF ( ) ; } } class OrNode extends Node {
Node left , right ; String toPQF ( ) { return " @or " + left.toPQF ( ) + " " + right.toPQF ( ) ; } } class TermNode extends Node { String term ; String toPQF ( ) { return term ; } }
And all is well with the world .
Or is it ?
It ’s certainly true , as Fowler points out , that if you later need to add support for a new node - type — let ’s say a unary NOT node — you can do that by making a single new subtype , NotNode , say , and tweaking the parser to generate it .
Then the PQF generator is extended by the addition of NotNode : : toPQF ( ) , which returns “ @not ” + subtree.toPQF ( ) .
It ’s neat , clean and satisfying .
The problem comes when you want to add a new back - end — for example , when you want to be able to translate CQL into the query language of the Solr database .
Now that our Node class is split into four subclasses ( and in reality , many more ) , we have to mess with all of those subclasses , adding a toSolr ( ) method to each of them .
Whereas if we ’d stayed with the old - fashioned single - node - class - with - a - type- indicator representation , we ’d have to add only a single new method , Node : : toSolr ( ) .
In fact , I am going to take the low road here , and rewrite the Fowler quote above :
Such class hierarchies need to be refactored with Replace Polymorphism with Conditional [ … ]
The advantage of Replace Subclasses with Type Code is that it centralises knowledge of the variant behaviour from being spread among many classes to concentrated in one .
If I add new operations , all I need to do is add a method .
With polymorphism I have to find all the subclasses and change those .
To be clear , I am not saying that the single - class - with - type - indicator approach is always and necessarily better .
But I am a bit mystified that the subclasses - with - polymorphism is so universally and uncritically accepted as The Right Way , All The Time .
Even Fowler , who to his credit is usually careful not to insist on a One Right Way , seems to lose his moral compass when it comes to this particular design choice .
Although I ’ve been critical of the more unthinking Fowlerite followers , I actually really like lots of things about Fowler himself : for example , his catalog of refactorings includes several complementary pairs , showing that he does n’t in general consider that there is One Right Way .
( Pairs include : Extract Method vs. Inline Method ; Hide Delegate vs. Remove Middle Man ; Change Value to Reference vs. Change Reference to Value . )
But against this backdrop , his insistence that conditionals should always be replaced by polymorphism ( note the imperative “ need to be ” in the quote above ) is all the more puzzling .
The situation is this : when you have to implement n functions ( such as the toPQF ( ) , toXCQL ( ) and toSolr ( ) methods above ) across a class hierarchy of m classes ( such as the AndNode , OrNode , TermNode and NotNode classes above ) , you need n×m code fragments — one to implement each function for each class .
The old - fashioned approach uses n functions each consisting of a switch statement covering the m versions ; the fashionable approach uses n×m small methods , split across the m classes — which in practice always seems to mean m different source files , at least if you ’re writing Java .
It seems to me that the choice of which is better depends on the relative sizes of n and m , and on how likely each is to change .
If you ’re going to need lots of new types , then , yes , a class per type is the way to go ; but if the set of types is fixed ( as in the CQL parser where the structure of the parse tree is determined by the formal specification of CQL itself ) , and if many new functions are likely to be needed , then the old way may be the best .
In other words , you can slice your two - dimensional code - fragment matrix either vertically into classes , or horizontally into functions .
It seems obvious to me that different slicing directions are going to be better in different circumstances .
A reflexive Replace Conditional with Polymorphism reaction is not going to help .
( And when did the switch statement become synonymous with evil , anyway ? )
And what about the distressingly common situation where you do n’t have access to the original source - code , only object code ?
What would you do if I ’d distributed CQL - Java only as a . jar and not as source , and your job was to use it to generate Solr queries ?
How would you implement the toSolr ( ) method ?
If you ’re using Java , I do n’t think you have any realistic option but to write a method like the first toPQF ( ) that I listed near the start — a method that takes a Node as an argument , then interrogates it to figure of which of the Node subtypes it really is , and switches on the result , invoking itself recursively as needed .
So in that common case you ’re back to square one anyway .
In more dynamic languages such as Perl , Python and Ruby , you can use the technique known variously as monkey - patching or duck - punching : just go ahead and extend the classes .
Add toSolr ( ) methods after the event for AndNode , OrNode and the rest .
I did exactly this in 2007 , in a Perl module called Simple2ZOOM , not previously having heard of the technique , and consequently feeling a bit dirty — I used it to add a toCQL ( ) method to a parse - tree representing a PQF query , the opposite of what we ’ve been considering here .
Now that the technique has a name , I feel a bit better about it .
It ’s actually a pretty cool way to get things done , although like most powerful techniques , it is prone to abuse if not done with taste and judgement .
( See also : Lisp macros , continuations , C++ templates , and well , pretty much all Perl programming techniques . )
I think the jury is out on whether monkey - patching is a good approach for this problem or not .
Is there a better way ?
I do n’t really know .
The Ruby way would be to pass a closureblock into a parse - tree walker provided by the library .
That closure would get invoked for each node in the parse - tree , and would … well , that ’s where it falls down : each invocation of the closure would have to ask the node what its type is in order to know what to do , so we ’re really back at the first version again .
OK , I ’m done .
Will someone please tell me what obvious idea I am missing ?
Update ( a couple of hours later )
Quite a few people have suggested the Visitor pattern ( from the Gang of Four book ) .
The best exposition I ’ve seen of this is in munificent ’s detailed comment at Reddit , which I commend to you all .
( Apart from anything else , he expounds both the pros and the cons of this approach ) .
I ’m not wholly convinced that this is the cleanest and simplest approach , at least in dynamic languages ; but it is , at least , nd excellent workaround for static languages .
For more thoughts on Visitor , see my earlier comment below in response to Phillip Howell .
Also : it turns out ( also as mentioned by several commenters ) that the conundrum I described here is not only a well - known one , it even has a name : the Expression Problem .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Alexander Haig , who managed the Nixon administration during the Watergate crisis and served a controversial stint as secretary of state under President Reagan , died on Saturday .
He was 85 .
Haig died at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore , Maryland , after he was admitted there on January 28 , spokesman Gary Stephenson said .
" He served his country well .
For that he should be remembered , " said William Bennett , who was secretary of education during the Reagan administration .
" He carried himself well .
He carried himself with dignity and honor . "
The White House issued a statement mourning Haig , saying he " exemplified our finest warrior - diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service . "
A top official in the administrations of three presidents -- Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan --
Haig served as Nixon 's chief of staff during the Watergate political crisis , a scandal that dogged the administration in the 1970s .
" There was a time during the Watergate crisis when President Nixon was nearly incapacitated , " said political analyst and CNN contributor David Gergen , who worked with Haig during the Nixon and Reagan administrations .
" He had a hard time focusing , so obviously obsessed with the scandal and the gathering storms around him .
I watched Al Haig keep the government moving .
I thought it was a great act of statesmanship and service to the country . "
Haig became secretary of state during the Reagan administration and drew controversy for his much - criticized remark on television after the president was shot and wounded by John Hinckley in March 1981 .
" As of now , I am in control here in the White House , " Haig said as Vice President George H.W. Bush was headed to Washington from Texas .
Haig said he was n't bypassing the rules ; he was just trying to manage the crisis until the vice president arrived .
However , he was highly criticized for his behavior , and many observers believe it doomed his political ambitions .
Born December 2 , 1924 , in Bala Cynwyd , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Philadelphia , Alexander Meigs Haig Jr. was raised by his mother after he lost his father at age 10 .
He attended the University of Notre Dame for two years before transferring to the U.S. Military Academy in 1944 .
After his graduation in 1947 , he served in Japan and later served on Gen. Douglas MacArthur 's staff in Japan during the Korean War .
He also served in Vietnam , where he earned the distinguished service cross for heroism in combat .
He also won the Purple Heart and Silver Star twice .
Haig served as supreme allied commander of NATO forces in Europe for five years .
There was an assassination attempt on him in Brussels in 1979 as he was being driven to NATO headquarters .
A public official known for his loyalty , Haig had hawkish foreign policy views , and Gergen said he could be tough and " combustible . "
" He was first and foremost a soldier , " Gergen said .
Haig was assistant to National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger in the Nixon White House and was involved in the Paris peace agreements that brought an end to the U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War .
He was long rumored to be Deep Throat , the Washington Post 's inside source on the Watergate break - in and cover - up that eventually destroyed Nixon 's presidency .
W. Mark Felt , then a high - ranking FBI official , declared in 2005 that he was the source .
" Great tensions " in the Reagan administration simmered over his stances , and Gergen said , " There was a sense in the White House that he was grabbing too much power .
" He wanted to be the , quote , vicar of foreign policy , and there was a lot of pushback from the White House on that .
He felt that he had been guaranteed by Ronald Reagan a role as a strong secretary of state and the reins of power would be in his hands .
He resented the White House staff trying to manage him , " Gergen said .
" My own sense is that he has been underappreciated , " he said .
TIME : Read why Haig left the Reagan White House
As secretary of state , Haig tried shuttle diplomacy to head off war between Britain and Argentina over the Falkland Islands in 1982 , but he failed .
He opposed Reagan 's handling of Iran and disagreed with the president 's plan on aid to the contra rebels in Nicaragua .
He eventually left the Reagan administration after 18 months and made a run for president in 1988 , pulling out before the New Hampshire primary .
He backed Bob Dole instead of George H.W. Bush when he dropped out .
Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. John Bolton announced Haig 's death to the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington on Saturday and called him a patriot .
Some like to think that the middle class has always been a fixture of American society .
In fact , the rise of a steady and strong middle class did n’t happen until after World War II .
Clearly people ca n’t look at the economically painful Great Depression , which rampaged the nation from 1929 to 1939 as a good time for average Americans ?
In fact , even a few years after World War II the nation hit a few rough patches with price controls and millions of Americans rushing back into the workforce .
But with many of the industrial economies in tatters in Europe and Asia , the U.S. had a well positioned spot for decades of strong growth .
But make no mistake by looking at history that we were producing and manufacturing goods for the world .
And things seemed to work out well for many Americans even with a robust manufacturing base .
The above chart is extremely telling .
There are many reasons and explanations for the Great Depression but World War II clearly got our employment machine going .
That is something that we are struggling with today .
After all , even with the two wars going on today , much of the warfare does n’t require heavy machinery like fleets of tanks .
What use are thousands of tanks if someone with an improvised explosive can do just as much damage ?
So simply saying war is what will drag an economy into production is not necessarily true especially in the modern era .
The middle class today has it very different from the same family in the 1950s .
Back then , one blue collar income was enough for the purchase of a modest house , a car , and a bit of money for savings without going into massive amounts of debt .
That is no longer the case .
Even though in the last year debt loads have fallen ( because of bankruptcy and millions of foreclosures )
American households are still highly over leveraged with debt :
Here is some stunning data for comparison :
1953 Household Debt ( mortgages , auto loans , etc ) : $ 106 billion 1953 GDP : $ 379 billion 2010 Household Debt : $ 13.5 trillion 2009 GDP : $ 13.1 trillion * Real US GDP ( 2000 Constant Dollars )
So we went from household debt being 27 percent of GDP to where we are today where household debt is nearly 100 percent of GDP .
This is clearly unsupportable and as the chart above shows , we can expect more deleveraging in the years to come .
As Stein ’s Law will have it “ if something cannot go on forever , it will stop . ”
Bank Deregulation ( No Enforcement )
Since the 1970s , strong regulations that were in place to keep the banking industry in check have come off letting the wild hyena loose .
Those that argue today that we have too much regulation are right but it is weak regulation in agencies that have no power ( obviously since this decade was a Wall Street Wild West ) .
Simple regulations like usury or even checking income before making a loan were all removed .
So in 50 years , we went from very little debt and high levels of production to massive consumption fueled by easy money .
But when things went bust the net was pulled for average Americans while Wall Street racked up trillions in taxpayer money .
Since you need an army for this kind of fraud , this is what has happened over the decades :
As the manufacturing base slowly drifted away starting in the late 1970s the financial and real estate part of the employment equation exploded .
With massive amounts of deregulation , capital flowed to any industry regardless of the long - term implications to the U.S.
We are seeing some of those longer term trends now hitting us .
At this point , it is like reversing the Queen Mary in the middle of the ocean .
This is actually an important debate to have yet few are exploring this at least at the national level .
Some use the price point argument .
They argue that it is fantastic that we can get cheap goods from other countries .
But they usually ignore the cost ( see above ) .
In an ideal world , there would be a balance between exports and imports for any country .
These are usually your perfect case examples in economics .
But right now , if we look at our trade deficit with China for example it is anything but balanced .
Is it any wonder the U.S. Treasury walks on a fine line when discussing policies with China ?
Many multi-national companies are doing well in this recession even though we have an underemployment rate of 20 % :
If you would have asked someone if you could envision a 70 percent stock market rally while 20 % of Americans were unemployed or underemployed people would have laughed .
But that is the new structure we currently have with the corporatacracy running the system especially when it comes to financial reform .
The Short - Term Fix
Think of all the horrible short - term policies that have led us to this mess .
What benefit did we get by offering zero down toxic adjustable rate no verification mortgages ?
The only benefit came from mortgage brokers getting $ 10,000 , $ 15,000 , and even $ 20,000 commissions by putting Americans into toxic financial time bombs .
The other winner was Wall Street who then packaged this waste and sold it off to investors globally but also found its way into the funds of many American pensions and retirement accounts .
How did this help our economy ?
What use did this serve ?
Or what about the billions in overdraft fees usually pushed on the poorest in our country ?
The notion that anything can go flies in the face of thousands of years of human history .
Wall Street made trillions gambling and making money on short - term instruments that really did not improve the overall economy .
In fact , they were parasites that have now created this deep financial mess we are in .
And here we are with no serious financial reform over two years into the crisis .
One thing that really is n’t talked about is whether we want to protect the middle class .
This is a legitimate debate we should be having and should be priority number one .
So far , the banking angle has been that without the enormous bailouts , the middle class would have suffered .
This was of course merely fear mongering to make sure the financial structure stayed in place .
If we continue on this current path , a Japan like scenario in terms of part - time employment is possible .
A population where a third of their workforce is employed part - time yet headline unemployment is at 4 or 5 percent .
And this notion that we have no money is absurd because that has n’t stopped Wall Street from getting $ 13 trillion in bailout funds .
We may not have the money but somehow we were able to funnel that much there way while the middle class is feeling the pinch from every angle .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Historias de reportero | Carlos Loret de Mola
Miércoles 28 de abril de 2010
Paulette Gebara Farah — cuatro años de edad , 18 kilos de peso , 108 centímetros de estatura — tuvo ganas de ir al baño cinco horas después de haber comido una hamburguesa en Valle de Bravo , Estado de México .
Era la madrugada del 22 de marzo de 2010 .
Hizo lo que le habían enseñado sus mayores para bajarse de la cama : deslizó su cuerpo por el colchón hasta rebasarlo con las piernas y que las plantas de sus pies tocaran el piso .
Un rastro de saliva y orina fue absorbido por las sábanas , marcando la ruta de su traslado .
Al pie de su cama , en los 15 centímetros que separan el colchón del barandal , fue casi inmovilizada por las gruesas colchas amontonadas , destendidas , que la taparon .
Se fue asfixiando paulatinamente hasta morir ahogada .
Su cadáver permaneció nueve días en ese sitio .
Estas son las primeras conclusiones de los exámenes científicos e interrogatorios practicados que han llegado hasta el expediente que lleva la Procuraduría del Estado de México .
Cuando los peritos mostraron en privado estas deducciones a sus jefes , éstos simplemente les dijeron que la versión del “ accidente ” era increíble , que era imposible que algo así hubiera sucedido , que nadie otorgaría un mínimo de verdad a tan desconcertante explicación .
Los que llevaron al cabo las pruebas periciales contestaron que en el cuerpo de la niña se descubrió que su último alimento fue la hamburguesa que ingirió en compañía de su padre en Valle de Bravo , que por tanto murió horas antes de que la reportaran desaparecida , que el rastro de saliva y de orina detectados en las sábanas de su cama había sido corroborado con análisis de ADN , que el cuerpo permaneció más de una semana sin ser movido del lugar a juzgar por las laceraciones y heridas detectadas en su piel que concordaban con la posición en la que fue hallado pues de haber sido retirado el cadáver nadie lo hubiera podido dejar exactamente así , que el de Paulette era un físico sin grasa y que por eso no olió después de fallecida ( la grasa es , según los peritajes , lo primero que desprende el desagradable aroma ) , que tampoco olió porque las ampollas de su cuerpo nunca reventaron .
El peritaje , recién salido de los hornos de las instancias de policía científica mexicanas , se ha integrado a la averiguación previa y abulta la hipótesis del accidente como explicación a la muerte más comentada este milenio en México .
El problema es que el procurador Alberto Bazbaz habló de homicidio , dijo , sin duda alguna .
Y el imaginario público construyó , desde ahí , su propia indagatoria del crimen .
Vamos a ver con qué salen en las conclusiones oficiales — sabremos si la opinión de este peritaje inicial es presentada o no como pieza clave de la investigación — y si el público lo cree .
SACIAMORBOS
Sostienen los investigadores que el abuelo mandó “ apretar ” a su hijo por métodos no ortodoxos para que confesara qué había pasado realmente .
Blog Archive February ( 12 ) January ( 12 ) December ( 16 ) November ( 19 ) October ( 13 ) September ( 19 ) August ( 19 ) July ( 14 ) June ( 13 ) May ( 45 ) April ( 18 ) March ( 15 ) February ( 11 ) January ( 6 ) December ( 8 ) November ( 12 ) October ( 7 ) September ( 18 ) August ( 9 ) July ( 8 ) June ( 23 ) May ( 43 ) April ( 11 ) March ( 14 ) February ( 10 ) January ( 6 ) December ( 13 ) November ( 10 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 10 ) August ( 10 ) July ( 13 ) June ( 22 ) May ( 36 ) April ( 31 ) March ( 16 ) February ( 9 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 11 ) November ( 7 ) October ( 9 ) September ( 8 ) August ( 9 ) July ( 11 ) June ( 10 ) May ( 10 ) April ( 16 ) March ( 16 ) February ( 7 ) January ( 10 ) December ( 8 ) November ( 13 ) October ( 16 ) September ( 11 ) August ( 16 ) July ( 11 ) June ( 14 ) May ( 13 ) April ( 12 ) March ( 19 ) February ( 14 ) January ( 12 ) December ( 10 ) November ( 14 ) October ( 13 ) September ( 11 ) August ( 14 ) July ( 9 ) June ( 5 ) May ( 5 ) April ( 6 ) March ( 4 ) February ( 2 ) January ( 5 ) December ( 4 ) November ( 1 ) October ( 3 ) September ( 2 ) August ( 5 ) July ( 3 ) June ( 11 ) May ( 2 ) April ( 4 ) March ( 5 )
Wanted : Inside sales rep to hawk online services to U.S. spy agencies .
Perks : Employer has search monopoly — and warm leads at top spy organizations .
That ’s one takeaway of reports that Google has asked the secretive National Security Agency to help track down the cyberattackers who recently breached its network .
More on this below .
Reporter Ellen Nakashima ’s front page story in the Washington Post yesterday , 04 Feb2010 , has rekindled simmering concerns about corporations collaborating in the shadows with the government ’s top sleuth agency .
Nakashima ’s report used Deep Throat sources to flush out a substantive development in the finest tradition of Woodward and Bernstein .
You may recall how privacy and civil liberties activists raised a hew and cry in 2006 after an investigation , by USA TODAY’S ace telecom reporter Leslie Cauley , revealed how the NSA secretly analyzed phone records of tens of millions of Americans .
High potential for abuse
At the time , public backlash was directed mainly at telecom giants AT&T , Verizon and BellSouth for so readily giving up their customers ’ private phone records to a government agency .
In a similar vein , Google , the world ’s dominant search service , amasses data on the surfing habits of most Internet users , and stores vast amounts of sensitive data belonging to users of its popular Gmail and Google Apps online services , says Amrit Williams , CTO of security firm Big Fix .
Because the NSA is an “ opaque intelligence organization . . . the potential for abuse of private information at the intelligence or government level is very high , ” he says .
Google CEO Eric
Schmidt did little to allay the fears of privacy and civil liberty advocates in this interview last December with CNBC financial reporter Maria Bartiromo .
Schmidt says on camera :
The reality is that search engines , including Google , do retain this information for some time and it ’s important , for example , that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities .
It ’s understandable the Google and other corporations might covet the NSA ’s expertise at quelling cyber attacks ; the agency possess unsurpassed intelligence gathering technologies and know how , says Jody Westby , CEO of consulting firm Global Cyber Risk and a distinguished fellow at the Carnegie Mellon CyLab think tank .
Mysterious agenda
Yet the cyber attackers who breached Google ’s network and some 30 other tech , financial and media corporations in late December and early January used conventional messaging trickery and infection methods .
So much so that security firm McAfee with in a couple of days of Google ’s crying foul went public with extensive analysis of the distinctiveÃ‚Â attacks , dubbed “ Operation Aurora . ”
So why tap the NSA when top - notch forensics is readily available from dozens of tech security firms ?
“ Company ’s do n’t usually run and ask the government to get involve in their business , ” says Westby .
“ The attacks may be more sophisticated than we think .
I think they ( Google ) is really trying to preserve their brand . ”
Gunter Ollman , head of research at security firm Damballa , says there is a “ a high probability ” that Chinese nationals were involved .
Whether anyone can prove the Chinese government was behind the attacks is another matter .
Attacks that trace back to China are “ state sponsored , endorsed or , at the very least , ignored by the Chinese government , ” observes Ollman .
Given that long - held conventional wisdom , Jeff Chester , executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy , wonders what a search company that collects and distributes public and private data for commercial reasons might gain by turning to a U.S. spy agency for help .
Selling to spy agencies
He points out that Google is actively seeking an experienced sales rep at its Washington D.C. offices whose job will be to sell to the intelligence community .
According to Google ’s job description , whoever gets the job selling its wares to spy agencies must :
Be responsible for the entire sales process from Prospecting to Close .
Lead Generation / outbound calling and warm lead follow up .
Understand Customer Needs and requirements .
Present and articulate advanced product features and benefits of Google Enterprise solutions .
Provide on - line demonstrations .
Close Sales and achieve sales quotas .
Be able to sell and differentiate in a competitive environment .
“ Another real problem is that Google is working to curry favor with the NSA , CIA , DoD and others in order to sell its services and make greater profits , ” says Chester .
Big Fix CTO
Williams offers this takeaway :
The NSA is also one of the nations most secretive and opaque intelligence organizations and creating a balance between the information and enablement they can provide to private sector companies , such as Google , and the impact this may have on personal privacy is the major concern .
The potential for abuse of private information at the intelligence or government level is very high .
Some may argue that national security is more important than personal privacy and that if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear , but imagine the impact on one ’s willingness to speak frankly about life threatening medical or legal issues if one felt that the privacy , that we as US citizens are guaranteed and hold so dear , will be compromised for the sake of security .
The United States has always struggled with finding a balance between national security and civil liberties , the question that we need to pose today is are we ready to compromise our liberty for the perception of short - term safety , especially knowing that this relationship sets a very dangerous precedent for the future involvement of Government within evolving commercial technologies of the tomorrow ?
A Google spokesperson pointed out the company ’s Jan. 12 public statement about cyberattacks and censorhips in China and declined further comment .
By Byron Acohido
February 5th , 2010 | For consumers | Obama watch | Steps forward | Top Stories
Novel Technologies Aboard the IKAROS Sail
Not long ago we looked at IKAROS , an interesting solar sail concept out of JAXA , the Japanese space agency .
Osamu Mori , project leader for the sail mission , offers up further background in an interview available at the JAXA site .
IKAROS is notable because rather than relying solely on photons for propulsion , it would use solar cells covering part of the sail to generate electricity .
In addition , the sail will operate with a unique attitude - control system .
Here ’s what Osamu Mori says about the latter :
The solar - powered attitude - control system uses a technology that controls the reflectivity of the sail .
It works just like frosted glass : normally , the entire area of the sail will reflect sunlight , but by “ frosting ” part of the film , we can reduce the reflectivity of that area .
When the reflectivity is reduced , that part of the sail generates less solar power .
So by changing the reflectivity of the left and right sides of the sail , we can control its attitude .
Interesting stuff , and it fits into a broader context when you think about it in terms of a Jupiter mission .
IKAROS is actually meant to be a technology demonstrator for evaluating solar sail performance in interplanetary flight .
It will carry an ion engine along with the solar sail because at the distance of Jupiter , solar cells will provide only four percent of the efficiency they would offer near Earth .
Japan ’s intention is to go to Jupiter using solar cells , so both the ion engine and sail reflectivity adjustments can be seen as ways of stretching a known technology to see what is functional at these distances .
Not that there is any intention of going for Jupiter with the first mission .
JAXA has been running vibration and thermal vacuum tests to shake out the systems of a small sail , no more than 14 meters to the side , made of polyimide resin some 7.5 micrometers thick ( by comparison , a human hair is about 100 micrometers thick ) .
Rather than Jupiter , the demonstrator will be launched along with the Venus Climate Orbiter AKATSUKI , deploying its sail a month after launch .
Passing by Venus , IKAROS will navigate around the Sun as its systems are tested .
And as anyone working with sail concepts knows , deployment is a huge issue .
Mori says that IKAROS will launch wrapped and folded around the body of the spacecraft .
Centrifugal force generated by spinning the spacecraft will unfurl the sail , which will continue to be spin-stabilized , eliminating the need for a support structure .
The method is illustrated in the image below :
Image : Deployment procedure for IKAROS sail .
Credit : JAXA .
Spin-stabilization is beneficial not just given the complexity of deploying a supporting truss but also in terms of keeping the sail ’s weight as low as possible .
Says Mori :
IKAROS ’s sail is small for a solar sail , but I think sails with a diameter of 50 to 100 meters will be developed in the near future .
Unfurling such a thin film by spinning is still very difficult , though .
We have gone through a long process of trial and error to figure out how we should fold the film so that it spreads smoothly .
We conducted many experiments on the ground , and also launched the film aboard a sounding rocket .
We even sent it high up in the sky in a big balloon , to spread the film in a near - vacuum environment .
We experienced many failures , but we kept searching for the most reliable deployment method , and that led us to the model we ’ve now built .
I believe it will be successful .
This is an ambitious demonstrator , and the Jupiter mission that could develop out of it would be even more interesting as Japan develops its Jupiter and Trojan Asteroids Exploration Program .
Can solar cells generate enough power to drive the ion engine , and will controlling the sail ’s reflectivity prove useful for navigation ?
We ’ll know more soon , as the launch date for AKATSUKI and IKAROS has now been set for May 18 .
More in this JAXA news page for IKAROS .
MuslimMatters is grateful to Allah for our readers and our writers for collaborating to build the Muslim Internet ’s most widely read online magazine .
It is an honor to publish every article that goes up on the site .
Here are the editor ’s choices from the top most read articles of 2019 .
10 . Reflections on Muslim Approaches to the Abortion Debate : The Problem of Narrow Conceptualization | Sh Salman Younas
This comprehensive scholarly essay , published in August , was nuanced and forces the reader to take a step back and holistically look at the issue of abortion .
Shaykh Salman , a traditional trained scholar , is completing his PhD at Oxford University on early Hanafi fiqh .
American Muslims must go beyond simplistic and emotionally - charged approaches to the abortion question .
This issue , like many others , cannot be properly addressed through a narrowly defined law , politics , or clash of ideologies narrative , especially at the level of individual fatwā , communal irshād , or political activism , advocacy , and legislation .
Click To Tweet
In this September piece , which predated many controversies , Dr Azami , a Departmental Lecturer in Contemporary Islamic Studies at the University of Oxford argues against Shaykh Hamza ’s contention that the Islamic tradition has uniformly called for rendering obedience to tyrannical rule .
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
This article was a Ramadan treat , a translation of the work by the esteemed South Asian scholar .
It is , however , important when there is the temptation , the heart desires it , and the environment encourages it , and then in submission to the command of Allah one says , “ مَعَاذَ الله ” “ I seek refuge of Allah ” ( Surah Yūsuf , 12:24 ) .
This is the worship that Allah has created mankind .
Click To Tweet
Ramaḍān is commonly viewed as only a month of fasting and tarāwīḥ , and that there is no other significance to it .
Without a doubt , the fasting and the tarāwīḥ prayers are two major acts of worship in this month .
However , the reality is that the blessed month of Ramaḍān demands more from us .
This piece by our Director of Development and regular writer , Zeba Khan , hit a nerve with many readers .
It went deep into recognizing that faith is not a protection from pain , and pain is not the absence of faith .
Our spiritual education is broken .
In order to fix it , we have to be upfront with each other .
We have to admit that we can be happy with Allah and still find ourselves devastated by the tests
He puts before us , because faith is not a protection from struggle .
Click To Tweet
The Prophet displayed perfection in both moral intelligence and interpersonal understanding and the author , Imam Mikaeel Smith encapsulates this in his book on Prophetic emotional intelligence .
Moral Intelligence helps us maintain our ideals and live by them , while Emotional Intelligence ensures that the message is effectively communicated to others Click To Tweet
Emotional Intelligence by itself is not sufficient for individual reform or societal reform ; instead , it is only one part of the puzzle .
The ʿaql or intellect that is referenced repeatedly in the Qurʾān is a more comprehensive tool that not only recognizes how to understand the psychological and emotional aspects of people but recognizes morally upright and sound behavior .
Mainstream Muslims have in fact been at the forefront not just locally , but also internationally in the fight against extremism within Muslim communities .
Sri Lankan Muslims , a numerical minority , though a well - integrated native community in Sri Lanka ’s colourful social fabric , seek to take lead in helping to alleviate the suffering currently plaguing our nation .
This article is on this list not just because it was an excellent read but because of the positive effect it had on repairing divides causes by the attacks .
In this episode , the Loving Muslim Marriage team asks an obvious question with what seems like an obvious answer – do women need sex ?
Obviously , yes .
If that ’s the case though , then why is expressing a sexual need , or seeking help for sexual issues such a taboo in Muslim cultures ?
Obviously many people wanted to learn more .
The article is a curriculum for young Muslims with real life examples that parents , teachers and youth groups can use .
Expert curriculum designer , Mona Islam , emphasizes on the need for this education in middle and high school .
In retrospect , we learn that marriage is not simply a door that we walk through which changes our life , but something that each young Muslim and Muslima should be preparing for individually through observation , introspection , and reflection .
Click To Tweet
Imam Omar ’s column never fails to uplift readers .
This was his most poignant post .
A wise man once said to me , “ Always put your funeral in front of you , and work backwards in constructing your life accordingly . ”
With the deaths of righteous people , that advice always advances to the front of my thoughts .
Click To Tweet
With so many internal and external forces bent on crushing our souls .
this article compels us to adopt the Quranic formula for returning the ummah to health ; focus on developing the good , more than destroying the evil .
The Quran also nurtured in its reader ’s spirit the magnificence of God , far more than it illustrated the futility of idol - worship , all because deepening your understanding of who Allah is will always outperform identifying who Allah is not , and because the second will naturally happen once the first has been secured .
Click To Tweet
InshaAllah , we will publish lesser read pieces that were gems that readers may have missed .
Washington ( CNN ) -- Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens said Friday he will retire this year , giving President Obama another opportunity to shape the nation 's highest court .
Stevens , who turns 90 on April 20 and has served nearly 35 years on the court , announced his resignation in a brief letter delivered to the White House at 10:30 a.m. Friday .
Obama lauded the retiring justice Friday afternoon and said he will move quickly to fill the vacancy before the court reconvenes in October .
" He turns 90 this month , but he leaves at the top of his game , " the president said from the White House .
" His leadership will be sorely missed . "
Stevens referred to the timing of his resignation in his letter to Obama .
" My dear Mr. President , " Stevens wrote .
" Having concluded that it would be in the best interests of the court to have my successor appointed and confirmed well in advance of the commencement of the court 's next term , I shall retire from regular active service as an associate justice ... effective the next day after the court rises for the summer recess this year . "
He signed it , " Most respectfully yours . "
White House counsel Bob Bauer discussed Stevens ' retirement by telephone Friday morning with Obama , who was returning from Europe aboard Air Force One .
Stevens was at a second home Friday in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , a court official said .
Stevens received praise Friday from his counterparts , who thanked him for his contributions to the high court .
" In many , many cases where he did not write he brought to conference brilliant and distinctive insights that affected the outcome , " Justice Antonin Scalia said in a statement .
" I shall miss his brilliance , and his companionship . "
Justice Clarence Thomas echoed the sentiment : " I am certain that he will be remembered for his keen intellect and his prodigious body of work here at the court .
And , he should be . "
Vice President Joe Biden recalled how Stevens administered the oath of office during his swearing in as vice president .
He described Stevens as a man known for his work ethic , and thanked him for his service .
" Throughout this span of years , all Americans have benefitted from Justice Stevens 8216 ;s commitment to our core constitutional values and to the fair and restrained application of the law to all parties before the court , " Biden said in a written statement .
" His legacy as a justice will endure , beyond the confines of a particular judicial ideology , because it reflects the profound humanity he brought to bear to the task of judging . "
Speculation over Stevens had increased after he confirmed last fall he hired one law clerk for the next court term , which begins in October .
Sitting justices can hire four law clerks , while retired members get only one .
Stevens also was not on the bench for a brief public session Monday ; the court will hold its next public session in two weeks .
Stevens ' announcement surprises his daughter
The White House has quietly but actively prepared for weeks in anticipation of a vacancy , government sources said .
However , interviews with prospective candidates would not occur " soon " and " definitely not this weekend , " a senior administration official said .
The White House has a list of " about 10 " names as potential replacements for Stevens , the senior official told CNN .
Some of the individuals have " already been vetted , " said a second senior administration official , referring to those considered when Justice Sonia Sotomayor was chosen .
Obama nominated Justice Sonia Sotomayor last year , putting the first Latina on the court .
Watch how the retirement creates opportunity for Obama
Democrats cited the choice as a uniting force among progressives , saying it gave the president a signature moment in his first year in office .
White House officials privately express hope another high - profile nomination would build political momentum in an election year .
" There is n't an immediate candidate who could give them just as much [ in ] the second go - around , " said Thomas Goldstein , a prominent Washington lawyer and founder of Scotusblog online .
Watch who might replace Stevens
" There is n't a candidate who has Justice Sotomayor 's personal history and also her ethnic background .
But I think that the model for the administration is probably the same -- get someone in there who does n't generate a lot of political heat against you and is a relatively easy person to confirm . "
Senate Republicans immediately laid down their markers Friday over what they expect from Obama .
" Every president has an obligation to nominate judges who understand and are committed to their proper role in our system of government , " said Sen.
Orrin Hatch , R - Utah .
" As I have said for many years , someone who would be an activist judge , who would substitute their own views for what the law requires , is not qualified to serve on the federal bench . "
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , also cautioned against picking what he called an " activist " judge .
" Americans can expect Senate Republicans to make a sustained and vigorous case for judicial restraint and the fundamental importance of an evenhanded reading of the law , " McConnell said .
Democrats asked for a bipartisan approach .
" I encourage my Republican colleagues to join us in conducting fair , respectful hearings and swift confirmation of the president 's nominee , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada .
Sen . Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont , made a similar plea .
" I hope that senators on both sides of the aisle will make this process a thoughtful and civil discourse , " Leahy said .
" I expect President Obama to continue his practice of consulting with members on both sides of the aisle as he considers this important nomination . "
Stevens was nominated by President Ford and took his seat on December 19 , 1975 .
Before his appointment , he served from 1970 to 1975 as a judge on the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
Stevens also was an associate counsel for the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee from 1951 to 1952 and was the second vice president of the Chicago Bar Association in 1970 .
Read Stevens ' letter announcing his retirement ( PDF )
Stevens received a bachelor 's degree from the University of Chicago and later graduated from Northwestern University School of Law .
He served in the U.S. Navy from 1942 to 1945 and was a law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Wiley Rutledge during the 1947 term .
He was admitted to practice law in Illinois in 1949 .
He married Maryan Mulholland .
He had four children from a previous marriage -- John Joseph ( deceased ) , Kathryn , Elizabeth Jane and Susan Roberta .
CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .
President Barack Obama dismissed Republican critics of a nuclear disarmament treaty he signed with Russia Thursday , brushing off an attack from Sarah Palin .
“ Last I checked , Sarah Palin ’s not much of an expert on nuclear issues , ” Obama told ABC News .
The conservative darling told Fox News on Wednesday that Obama was naive to make a deal with the Russians .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ No administration in America ’s history would , I think , ever have considered such a step that we just found out President Obama is supporting today , ” she told Fox .
“ It ’s kinda like getting out there on a playground , a bunch of kids , getting ready to fight , and one of the kids saying , ‘ Go ahead , punch me in the face and I ’m not going to retaliate .
Go ahead and do what you want to with me . ' ”
Obama , who signed the treaty with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in Prague , faces a challenge in getting the treaty ratified in the Senate where his fellow Democrats are eight votes short of the 67 votes required .
But he shrugged off the criticism from the right , saying he would rather take advice from his top military advisors than Palin when it comes to nuclear issues .
“ If the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff are comfortable with it , I ’m probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier , a CBS News poll said Palin continued to receive unfavorable ratings from the general US public and support from Republicans .
Palin has emerged as a media personality with her own show on Fox News but nearly four in 10 voters who identified themselves as conservatives said they had no opinion of her or knew too little about her to have an opinion .
Twenty - four percent of Americans viewed Palin favorably , compared to 38 percent who hold a negative opinion of her according to the poll conducted March 29 through April 1 .
Thirty - seven percent of respondents said they were undecided or had not heard enough about her to offer an opinion .
ADVERTISEMENT
Only seven percent of Democrats said they viewed her favorably and 59 percent viewed her unfavorably .
In contrast , 43 percent of Republicans were positive and 16 percent were negative about Palin , who has become a spokesperson of sorts for the right - wing Tea Party movement .
ADVERTISEMENT
George Stephanopoulos of ABC
News spoke with President Obama while in Prague Thursday , April 8 , 2010 :
This video is from ABC ’s Good Morning America , broadcast April 9 , 2010 .
Watch this video on iPhone / iPad
This is the tumblelog for MakingOf.com
, a behind - the - scenes web portal that provides an intimate , fresh look into the process of making a movie by the insiders themselves .
We started discussing the coming Commercial Real Estate ( CRE ) bust in 2006 , and the FDIC was well aware of the potential CRE problems back then .
See the last graph in this post from 2006 from an FDIC report concerning " emerging risks " : Economic Conditions and Emerging Risks in Banking
During the bubble , the small and regional banks were locked out of the residential market ( lucky for them ! ) , but many of these banks became overexposed to Construction & Development ( C&D ) and CRE loans .
Now that the CRE bust is here - and is about to get much worse - many small and regional banks will fail over next couple of years .
From V. Dion Haynes at the WaPo : In D.C. , more evidence that commercial real estate headed for foreclosure crisis
" There 's been an enormous bubble in commercial real estate , and it has to come down , " said Elizabeth Warren , chairman of the Congressional Oversight Panel , the watchdog created by Congress to monitor the financial bailout .
" There will be significant bankruptcies among developers and significant failures among community banks . "
...
Nearly 3,000 community banks -- 40 percent of the banking system -- have a high proportion of commercial real estate loans relative to their capital , said Warren , whose committee issued a report on commercial real estate last week .
There is much more in the article .
Here is the TARP Congressional Oversight Panel released last week on Commercial Real Estate ( CRE ) : Commercial Real Estate Losses and the Risk to Financial Stability
CX provides a range of financial contracts to suit our diverse customer needs .
From hedging and protection to speculation , whether it ’s weather fluctuations , tropical storms or severe weather impacts , CX provides options to fit your needs .
Without a major breakthrough in battery technology , electric vehicles will remain an expensive proposition and a tiny fraction of the vehicle market for the foreseeable future , according to a study that questions how fast cars with cords will catch on .
The report by Boston Consulting Group underscores a point even some EV advocates have made :
The cost of the batteries that power these cars is the technology 's Achilles ' heel , and automakers are being optimistic in predicting how quickly costs will come down .
It finds that the long - term cost many automakers cite – $ 250 per kilowatt - hour – in their long - term electric plans is unrealistic without a " major breakthrough " that brings cheaper , more powerful batteries .
“ Given current technology options , we see substantial challenges to achieving this goal by 2020 , ” says Xavier Mosquet , co-author of the study .
“ For years , people have been saying that one of the keys to reducing our dependency on fossil fuels is the electrification of the vehicle fleet .
The reality is , electric - car batteries are both too expensive and too technologically limited for this to happen in the foreseeable future . ”
Several major automakers are developing electric vehicles , and the Chevrolet Volt and Nissan Leaf are expected by the end of the year .
Cars with cords will be front and center next week at the Detroit auto show in a section called " Electric Avenue , " with Audi , BMW and Volvo among the companies bringing concept cars .
Car companies are n't alone in betting on the technology .
The Obama Administration has set aside $ 2.4 billion to spur development of next - generation batteries and electric vehicles , and it is loaning money to companies like Tesla Motors , Fisker Automotive and Nissan to develop EVs .
The Department of Energy gave General Motors $ 106 million in grants to refurbish an old factory to produce batteries for the Volt .
“ We urgently need to change how we power cars and trucks , ” Energy Secretary Steven Chu said Thursday at the opening of the GM battery factory .
" America has fallen behind in the race to build the cars of the future . "
Most of the EVs on the horizon will use lithium - ion batteries , which the report says currently run as much as $ 1,200 per kilowatt - hour ( .pdf ) .
Many automakers , citing the typical cost of $ 250 to $ 400 per kilowatt - hour for such batteries in consumer electronics , expect automotive batteries to cost about that much at large - scale production .
The flaw in that thinking , according to the report , is the battery packs in consumer electronics are smaller and simpler than those in automobiles , and they do n't have the same safety and longevity requirements .
For that reason , the report finds , battery costs most likely will be higher than automakers predict .
Both the Volt and the Leaf will roll out of factories by the end of the year .
The Volt has a 16 kWh battery ; General Motors has n't said what the car will cost but on Thursday said it could be less than the $ 40,000 that has been widely cited .
Nissan says the Leaf , which has a 24 - kWh pack , will cost between $ 26,000 and $ 34,000 before the $ 7,500 federal EV tax credit .
One thing Nissan is considering to keep costs down is selling the car but leasing the battery .
Company CEO Carlos
Ghosn said such an approach will hasten the adoption of EVs by making them more competitive with gas - burning vehicles .
“ For an electric car to make inroads , we have to make sure it starts at the same cost as a conventional car , ” he said before unveiling the Leaf in Los Angeles in November .
Despite the dour prediction , the report predicts steady growth for hybrids , plug - in hybrids and EVs during the next decade .
It predicts 26 percent of the 54.5 million cars sold in China , Japan , the United States and Western Europe in 2020 will have an electric drivetrain of some kind .
That works out to 14 million cars .
By that time , the report predicts , lithium - ion batteries will run about $ 570 to $ 700 per kilowatt - hour , with a 15 kilowatt - hour pack running about $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 .
At that price , Mosquet says , it will take 15 years for the cost of owning an electric car to match that of a gasoline car .
Of those 14 million electric cars the report sees on the road in 2020 , 1.5 million will be battery electric vehicles like the Leaf .
Another 1.5 million will be range - extended electric vehicles like the Volt , which uses a small gasoline engine to drive a generator when the battery winds down .
The remaining 11 million will be plug - in hybrids or hybrids like the Toyota Prius .
The number of electric vehicles the Boston Consulting Group sees being sold in 2020 comes to 6 percent .
That 's within the ballpark of Nissan 's findings that 8 percent of Americans and 9 percent of Europeans are " hand - raisers " who say their next car will be electric .
“ I think I ’m being conservative saying 10 percent ” of the market will be EVs by 2020 , Ghosn said in November .
“ People will say ‘ You ’re being too bullish . ’
But I think that underestimates people ’s concern for the environment . ”
Paul Scott , a co-founder of the advocacy group Plug In America , agrees .
He says reports like those prepared by Boston Consulting Group often overlook the fact oil is n't getting any cheaper , people are increasingly concerned about the environment and they 're tired of buying oil from countries hostile to the United States .
“ These are issues that the bottom - line argument does n’t take into account , " Scott said .
" There are millions of people for whom those issues are important , and they will pay more for an electric car . ”
Even at , say , $ 750 per kilowatt - hour for a battery , Scott believes buyers will line up for electric cars .
Photos of the Audi e-tron concept at the Los Angeles Auto Show : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See Also :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Italian scientists said on Friday they had found evidence of how viruses helped change the course of human evolution and said their discovery could help in the design of better drugs and vaccines .
A double helix in an undated image .
REUTERS / File
They found more than 400 different mutations in 139 genes that play a role in people ’s risk of catching viruses -- a finding that may also help explain why some people sail through flu season unscathed while others seem to catch every bug around .
Researchers from the Scientific Institute IRCCS , Milan University and the Politecnico di Milano analysed the genomes of 52 populations from different parts of the world with exposure to a wide range of viruses over 200,000 years of human evolution .
The researchers , whose work was published in the Public Library of Science PLoS Genetics journal , looked at places where the climate has provided friendly conditions for viruses -- such as warm , wet regions of Africa .
It is no secret that viruses have affected the human gene map -- studies have shown that 8 percent of the genome is made up of so - called endogenous retroviruses , which incorporate their genetic code into ours .
The Italian scientists searched through the genome for evidence of infection and linked it to genetic variation -- a method they thought would be a good way to find genes linked with viruses .
They found more gene mutations where populations had been infected by many different viruses .
“ We found that these genes had been selected -- and from this concept we can extrapolate that many of these genes might make you more or less susceptible to viruses , ” Manuela Sironi , who led the work , said in a telephone interview .
Sironi stressed that the work was “ very preliminary ” and would need to be replicated by others and tested in the lab .
She also said a similar method to the one her team used could be used to find genes that boost or cut the risk of infections from other bugs such as bacteria .
The study is availablehere
At the Flash Memory Summit in August 2009 , updates on several new technologies involving NAND flash were presented to conference attendees .
One of them was given by Stan Williams , Hewlett - Packard senior fellow and director of Quantum Science Research , and it involved something called the " memristor , " a term condensed from " memory resistor . "
On that day , Williams described the memristor this way : " This is sort of the missing element of the processor puzzle .
It takes its place alongside the resistor , capacitor and inductor [ as the fourth basic circuit element in chip engineering ] .
And it could change the way we do IT . "
In summary , let 's just say adding a memristor to a solid - state NAND flash drive can be like putting it on steroids .
Since flash media already owns the fastest I/ O speeds known to IT science , increasing that speed tenfold or by a higher magnitude - HP 's conservative estimate at this time - is certainly an intriguing proposition for processor engineers and IT systems makers .
On April 8 , HP Labs published an update on advances in memristor research .
These findings are also detailed in a paper published the same week in the journal " Nature " and written by Williams and five other researchers who work at HP 's Information and Quantum Systems Laboratory , headquartered in Palo Alto , Calif .
HP Labs has six other locations around the world , in Bangalore , India ; Beijing ; Haifa , Israel ; Bristol , England ; St. Petersburg , Russia ; and Fusionopolis , Singapore .
Following two years of research , Williams and his team discovered that the memristor has more capabilities than was previously thought .
The team said in its report that " in addition to being useful in storage devices , the memristor can perform logic , enabling computation to one day be performed in chips where data is stored , rather than on a specialized central processing unit . "
Bringing the logic closer to the data is key
The idea of distributing logic directly into a dedicated processor , instead of exclusively in a CPU somewhere away from the data , is a revolutionary move .
Where data and processors are physically close is always where the best performance is found .
Google 's home - grown systems have proven this for more than a decade .
" Memristive devices could change the standard paradigm of computing by enabling calculations to be performed in the chips where data is stored , " Williams said .
" Thus , we anticipate the ability to make more compact and power - efficient computing systems well into the future , even after it is no longer possible to make transistors smaller via the traditional Moore 's Law approach . "
Using Arrows for Dependency Handling
Published on March 26 , 2010 under the tag I recently found a very good use case for Arrows , so I thought I 'd share it here Published on March 26 , 2010 under the tag haskell
What is this about
Arrows are , like Monads or Monoids , a mathematical concept that can be used in the Haskell programming language .
This post analyzes and explains a certain use case for Arrows , namely dependency tracking .
But let ’s begin with a quite unrelated quote from Jimi Hendrix .
Well my arrows are made of desire
From far away as Jupiter ’s sulphur mines
Arrows are less common than Monads or Monoids ( in Haskell code , that is ) , but they are certainly not harder to understand .
This blogpost aims to give a quick , informal introduction to Arrows .
As concrete subject and example , we use dependency handling in Hakyll .
The problem
Hakyll is a static site generator I use to run this blog .
The principles behind it are pretty simple : you write your pages in markdown or something similar , and you write templates in html .
Then , you render the pages with some templates using a configuration DSL .
In Hakyll , the rendering algorithm is more or less like this :
Read a page from a file , say contact .
markdown .
. Parse and render this page to HTML using pandoc .
Do some further manipulations on the result .
Render the result using a HTML template .
Write the result to _site / contact .html .
The catch is , say _site / contact .html is “ newer ” than contact .
markdown and the HTML templates .
In this case , we do not want to do anything .
Haskell lazyness will not help us a lot here , since we ’re dealing with a lot of IO code .
Suppose we ’re currently reading the page from a file .
We know the timestamp of the file we ’re reading , but since we do n’t yet know the timestamp of the other files on which the final result depends , we do n’t know if we can skip this read or not .
This means dependency handling should happen on a higher level , above these specific functions – so we need to abstract dependency handling .
A general notion of computation
So let ’s create a wrapper for functions dealing with dependencies .
data HakyllAction a b = HakyllAction a b { actionDependencies :: [ FilePath ] , actionUrl :: Maybe ( Hakyll FilePath ) , actionFunction :: a ->
Hakyll b }
Some explanation might be needed here .
You can think of a as the input for our action , and then b is the output .
The actionUrl contains the final destination of our computations – this can be Nothing , if it is not yet known .
And finally , the actionFunction contains the actual action .
The Hakyll is a usual monad stack with IO at the bottom .
Categories
To qualify as an Arrow , a datatype needs to be a Category .
So lets create an instance Category HakyllAction first .
There are two functions we need to implement :
id :
The simple identity category .
This is comparable to the Prelude .id function .
: The simple identity category .
This is comparable to the function . . : Category composition – this is comparable to function composition .
The id action has no dependencies , no destination , and simply returns itself .
instance Category HakyllAction where id = HakyllAction = [ ] { actionDependencies [ ] =
Nothing , actionUrl = return , actionFunction }
The . action is not complicated either .
The new dependencies consist of all the dependencies of the two actions .
For our destination , we use an mplus with the latest applied function first , so it gets chosen over the other destination .
x . y = HakyllAction = actionDependencies x ++ actionDependencies y { actionDependenciesactionDependencies xactionDependencies y = actionUrl x `mplus` actionUrl y , actionUrlactionUrl xactionUrl y = actionFunction x <=< actionFunction y , actionFunctionactionFunction xactionFunction y }
The <=< operator is right - to - left monad composition .
Arrows
To make our action a real Arrow , we need to implement two more functions :
arr :
This should lift a pure function ( thus , with an a -> b signature ) into HakyllAction , so we have the type signature ( a -> b ) ->
HakyllAction a b .
: This should lift a pure function ( thus , with an signature ) into , so we have the type signature .
first :
This is a function that should operate on one value of a tuple .
This all happens “ inside ” HakyllAction – perhaps an illustration will explain this better .
You can see how f :: a -> b applies to an ( a , c ) tuple , where f is applied on the first value .
Illustration of arrow first
instance Arrow HakyllAction where = id { actionFunction = return .
f} arr f{ actionFunctionf} = x first x = \(y , z ) -> do { actionFunction\(y , z ) <- actionFunction x y y'actionFunction x y return ( y ' , z ) ( y ' , z ) }
Actually using it
Now that we ’ve put all this trouble into creating an Arrow , we might as well use it .
Let ’s examine some functions from Hakyll and see how they fit .
createPage :: FilePath -> HakyllAction () Context ( ) render :: FilePath -> HakyllAction Context Context writePage :: HakyllAction Context ( ) ()
Arrows are usually combined using the >>> operator .
This gives us :
= createPage " contact.markdown " testcreatePage >>> render " templates/default.html " render >>> writePage writePage
This creates a HakyllAction but does n’t actually do anything .
We still need to run it .
And now we can see the benefits of this method , since we can write a function that does dependency checking on the combined functions .
runHakyllActionIfNeeded test
The actual implementation of runHakyllActionIfNeeded goes more or less like this :
runHakyllActionIfNeeded :: HakyllAction ( ) ( ) ( ) ( ) -> Hakyll ( ) ( ) = do runHakyllActionIfNeeded action <- case actionUrl action of urlactionUrl action ( Just u ) -> u u ) Nothing -> error
" At this time , an URL should be set ! " <- is FileMoreRecent url $ actionDependencies action validisFileMoreRecent urlactionDependencies action unless valid ( actionFunction action ( ) )
The isFileMoreRecent function checks if the first file is more recent than all of the other files .
Profit !
We have now developped a more robust and better dependency checking system , and learned something about Arrows .
If you are interested , the complete code that led to this blogpost is available on here on GitHub .
There are also a few other interesting things to consider :
Can you prove the Arrows / Category laws on HakyllAction ?
?
Why ca n’t this be done using Monads ?
These questions are left as an exercise to the reader .
On a sidenote , kudos to BCoppens for proofreading through this post .
In a direct election - year challenge to US President Barack Obama on national security , lawmakers unveiled legislation Thursday requiring military interrogations and trials for suspected terrorists .
The “ Enemy Belligerent Interrogation , Detention , and Prosecution Act of 2010 , ” introduced in both the Senate and House of Representatives , also says suspects should not be told they have a right to remain silent .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Needless to say , we are at war , this bill recognizes that , ” Republican Senator John McCain , a lead author of the measure , told reporters .
“ These are not common criminals , they are war criminals , ” said Independent Senator Joe Lieberman .
“ Anyone we capture in this war should be treated as a prisoner of war , held by the military , interrogated for information that will protect Americans and help us win this war and then , where appropriate , tried not in a normal federal court where criminals are tried but before a military commission , ” he added .
The bill comes amid a fierce election - year battle over how the United States should handle alleged extremists , with Republicans attacking President Barack Obama over the treatment of the so - called Christmas Day plotter .
Republicans have denounced the decision to have civilian authorities detain and question Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the 23 - year - old Nigerian accused of trying to use explosives sewn into his underwear to blow up a Northwest Airlines plane with nearly 300 people aboard .
ADVERTISEMENT
Abdulmutallab , who US officials say has provided valuable intelligence under civilian questioning despite being told he had the right to remain silent , was allegedly trained by an Al - Qaeda affiliate in Yemen .
Republicans have also denounced the Obama administration ’s call for trial in a civilian court of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the self - proclaimed mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Democrats have shot back that US civilian courts have successfully tried and convicted scores of terrorists and that pushing for military trials gives extremists a propaganda victory by enhancing their stature .
ADVERTISEMENT
The new legislation aims to require high - risk “ unprivileged enemy belligerents ” to be held in military custody and interrogated “ for their intelligence value ” by a specialized “ High - Value Detainee Interrogation Team . ”
It would aim to block civilian trials for such suspects by forbidding the use of US Department of Justice funding for that purpose , according to a summary of the bill provided to AFP .
ADVERTISEMENT
The legislation says the “ high - value detainees ” shall not be given a so - called “ Miranda warning ” — including the right to remain silent — that US authorities are normally required to read to suspects upon arrest .
The bill says a suspect will be labeled “ high - value ” if they pose a threat of attack on civilians or civilian facilities on US soil or overseas , or to US military personnel or facilities ; have “ potential intelligence value ; ” or belong to Osama bin Laden ’s Al - Qaeda network or an affiliate .
“ This bill aims to correct the president ’s mishandling of a major aspect of the ongoing war on terror , ” said Representative Buck McKeon , the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , who accused Obama of “ relaxing our detainee policies . ”
In an interview with today 's Telegraph Magazine , McEwan said : " Chunks of left - of - centre opinion have tried to close down the debate by saying that if you were to criticise Islam as a thought system you are a de facto racist .
That is a poisonous argument .
Enter your postcode to compare Broadband deals Please enter valid UK postcode .
Compare broadband
We value your privacy ; we only use your postcode to compare offers in your area .
Why is my internet so slow ?
Slow internet is frustrating , especially when it ’s avoidable .
There are a number of reasons why you might be experiencing unsatisfactory download speeds .
To identify exactly what is causing your connection to struggle , and therefore to work out how to fix it , you first need to work out whether :
Your connection is simply too slow to use , or
Whether the download speeds you ’re receiving are lower than what you were advertised .
If your connection is just not fit for purpose , you should definitely look at switching to a faster plan if one is available , and if your contract is coming to a close .
Click here to view a chart that will show you long different types of file take to download or stream at different connection speeds , to get an idea of what you ’ll need based on your usage .
If the speed you ’re getting is much lower than what was advertised , then you should try and diagnose the issue ( click here see some tips on how ) , and then get in touch with your internet service provider if the issue persists .
What kind of broadband speed do I need ?
It 's easy to get hung up on broadband speeds - the faster it is , the better , right ?
Well … not necessarily .
The truth is that not everybody needs their broadband to be at the upper end of the speed scale .
Although prices are coming down , top - end fibre packages are typically the more expensive broadband options out there , and many users do n't do anything online that requires , or benefits from , speeds of 100 Mb or more .
For these users , it would be a bit like buying a year 's gym membership , then only going once before throwing in the towel - why pay for something if you 're not going to use it ?
Download Speed Chart
Here ’s a helpful chart to give you an idea what kind of speeds might be appropriate for you :
File type Size ( MB ) 4 Mbps 8 Mbps 16 Mbps 32 Mbps 50 Mbps 100 Mbps Single song 5 10s 5s 2.5s 1.25s 0.8s 0.4s YouTube clip 10 20s 10s 5s 2.5s 1.6s 0.8s YouTube clip ( HD ) 50 1 m 40s 50s 25s 12.5s 8s 4s Album 100 3 m 20s 1 m 40s 50s 25s 16s 8s TV Show ( HD ) 450 15 m 7 m 30s 3 m 45 s 1 m 52s 1 m 12s 36s Film 700 23 m 20s 11 m 40s 5 m 50s 2 m 55s 1 m 52s 56s Film ( HD ) 1500 50 m 25 m 30s 12 m 30s 6 m 15s 4 m 2 m Film ( full DVD ) 4500 2h 30 m 1h 15 m 37 m 30s 18 m 45s 9 m 22s 4 m 41s Film ( Blu-ray ) 10,000 5h 35 m 2h 47 m 1h 24 m 42 m 26 m 40s 13 m 20s
Do I need fibre optic broadband ?
You should take the time to consider what speeds you actually need from your broadband deal before making any switching decisions .
With that in mind , here 's a handy list of reasons to consider ' superfast ' fibre optic speeds .
Superfast broadband is worth considering if you :
Have a large family or shared house ( e.g. a student house ) , with several people using the web simultaneously
Have lots of connected devices - laptops , tablets , mobiles , console , smart TV , for example
Regularly download movies , music and TV to watch offline
Use film and TV streaming sites like Netflix , Amazon Prime Instant Video , and NOW TV
Watch a lot of on - demand TV services like BBC iPlayer in high - definition ( HD ) or do n't want as much buffering
Download and play video games that require an internet connection
You currently have ADSL broadband , and find it just is n't fast enough for your needs
If a few of these apply to you , you should look at fibre broadband packages .
The faster the package , the smoother these activities are likely to be .
However , if you live alone , or you just use the internet for light browsing , social media and email , for instance , it 's worth considering cheap internet providers .
Either way , do your homework and make sure you 've weighed up your options before signing up .
Compare broadband deals to find the perfect balance between speed and affordability .
What affects the speed of a broadband connection ?
Types of Connection : Standard and Fibre Broadband
Firstly , let ’s quickly explore the two most common types of broadband connection ; FIBRE and ADSL .
Whichever you use will dictate your upload and download speeds ; i.e. the rate at which your ISP delivers data to you ( download ) , or the rate at which your ISP receives data from you ( upload ) .
Mobile data uses wireless technology , and many phone carriers also offer wired solutions as described here .
A FIBRE connection with your ISP will comprise transmission of data via fibre optical cable .
This is the fastest available today .
An ADSL ( Asymmetric Digital Subscriber Line ) connection uses existing copper cables and can achieve upload and download speeds suitable for households and small businesses .
Copper cables exist in most residences and businesses as they have been used for standard telephone services for decades .
Physical Infrastructure
Most fixed line broadband connections reach your home via your telephone line .
Broadband companies will vary in which technology they use , which results in different maximum connection speeds .
If your provider uses a copper telephone cable , then the length the cable has travelled before reaching your home will affect the internet speed you are receiving .
Put simply , the further the cable has to go , the bigger the slowdown .
Fibre optic connections do n’t really suffer from the same problem .
Often , broadband in rural areas tends to be slower than in cities because providers are slower to bring higher speed fibre connections out to harder to reach areas of the county .
What other factors may affect my speed ?
In addition to permanent speed limits due to copper cables , many broadband services are affected by slowdowns during ‘ peak times ’ when , due to the nature of working hours , a higher than usual number of people are attempting to access the internet .
When using the internet at off - peak times , such as during the night when most customers are asleep , you ’re much more likely to receive the best possible service .
The slowdown you experience depends on your provider and their own investment in network capacity .
The more expensive providers will often be more capable of dealing with peak time traffic as their infrastructure is designed for businesses and large offices .
If you are currently experiencing slow speeds during peak times and require a faster connection during the working day be sure to use our site to compare broadband deals to find the package best suited for your needs .
Understanding Advertised Broadband Speeds
It used to be the case that most providers would simply advertise the maximum possible speed available from the broadband connection , that which could be achieved over the very shortest lines , or only theoretically under ‘ laboratory conditions ’ .
As such , broadband deals would be advertised as ‘ up to 20 Mb ’ ( or even ‘ up to 24 Mb ’ ) for phone line broadband and ‘ up to 40 Mb ’ or ‘ up to 80 Mb ’ for fibre services when virtually no - one would be able to achieve these speeds .
A provider that made money by spreading less capacity over more lines , and so giving slightly slower speeds than their competitors at peak times , would be able to advertise their service with the same ( or even higher ! ) ‘up to ’ speeds as a competitor whose peak time performance was better .
Since the 1st of April 2012 the Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) and the Committee of Advertising Practice ( CAP ) have enforced guidelines that require advertised up to speeds to be consistently available to at least 10 % of the users of that service .
With these rules in place ‘ up to ’ speeds have dropped to a range of ‘ up to 13 Mb ’ to ‘ up to 16 Mb ’ for phone line broadband and ‘ up to 38 Mb ’ or ‘ up to 76 Mb ’ for most fibre services .
It 's now possible to see which providers will experience more of a slowdown at peak times due to congestion or over - subscription , as their advertised ‘ up to ’ speed will be lower than that of other providers offering similar services .
Who is Fedora for ?
Please consider subscribing to LWN Subscriptions are the lifeblood of LWN. net .
If you appreciate this content and would like to see more of it , your subscription will help to ensure that LWN continues to thrive .
Please visit this page to join up and keep LWN on the net .
Anybody who has gone near the Fedora mailing lists recently may have noticed that they have been a little ... active .
The discussions have reached the point where the " hall monitors " have intervened to shut down threads and many participants may have unsubscribed in favor of the relative calm and politeness of lists like linux - kernel .
It 's easy to dismiss it all as yet another Fedora flame war , but there are some serious issues at stake in the discussion .
What it comes down to , it seems , is that the Fedora Project is still not entirely sure of who its users are or how to deliver what those users want .
Fedora is a rapidly - releasing distribution , with a new version coming out twice each year .
Support limited to just over one year means that Fedora users must upgrade at least once annually or find themselves in a situation where security updates are no longer available .
So one assumes that Fedora users are people who have a relatively high level of interest in running recent software , and who are not averse to updating that software with at least moderate frequency .
But , it seems , there are limits .
Back in October , Fedora 11 users were surprised to discover that a routine update brought in a new version of Thunderbird with significantly changed behavior .
In January , another Thunderbird update created trouble for a number of users .
In March , some KDE users were surprised to discover that a " stable update " moved them to the 4.4.0 release , breaking things for some users .
In all of these cases ( and more ) , contentious email threads have ensued .
Fedora does indeed not hold back on the updates ; a quick look in the LWN mailbox turns up over 600 package updates for the Fedora 11 release - in just the last month .
This is a release which is scheduled for end - of - life in a few months .
Many of these updates involve significant changes , and others have been deemed " worthless " .
Regardless of worth , there can be no doubt that all these updates represent a significant degree of churn in a distribution which is in the latter part of its short life .
It is difficult to avoid breaking things when things are changing at that rate .
The parts of the discussion which were focused on constructive solutions were concerned with two overall topics : ( 1 ) what kind of stable updates are appropriate for a released Fedora distribution , and ( 2 ) how to minimize the number of regressions and other problems caused by whatever updates are considered appropriate .
With regard to the first question , it seems that some Fedora maintainers believe - probably with good reason - that their users want " adventurous updates , " so it makes sense to them to push new versions of software into released distributions .
Others describe their vision of Fedora as a " rolling update " distribution which is naturally following upstream releases .
Others , instead , wonder why Fedora bothers making releases at all if it is devoted to rolling updates ; users who want adventure , they say , can find plenty of it in Rawhide .
Several proposals have been put onto the release lifecycle proposals wiki page , and others have been posted to the list .
They vary from nearly frozen releases to ideas that make releases look like a moderately - slowed version of Rawhide .
This decision is one of fundamental distribution policy ; it must be faced , or Fedora will continue to have different maintainers doing very different things .
Given that need , it 's unfortunate that the project seems to be unable to discuss the topic on its mailing lists ; there is no clear means by which a consensus can be reached , currently .
Part ( 2 ) , above , dodges the issue of what updates should be made and just concerns itself with the quality of those updates .
The discussion is partly motivated by the fact that the system which Fedora has in place for the review of proposed updates - Bodhi - is often circumvented by updates which go straight out to users .
The testing and voting which is supposed to happen in Bodhi is , in fact , not happening much of the time , and the quality of the distribution is suffering as a result .
So some Fedora developers are looking for ways to beef up the system .
Matthew Garrett posted a proposal for a new policy which would eliminate developers ' ability to push package updates directly into the update stream .
Instead , updates would have to sit in the Bodhi system until they receive a minimal +3 " karma " value there ; the only exception would be for security updates .
By disabling direct pushes , the policy aims to ensure that every package which gets into the updates stream has actually been tested by some users who were happy with the results .
Suffice to say , this proposal was not received with universal acclaim .
Some developers simply resent the imposition of extra bureaucracy into their workflow .
Karel Zak 's response is instructive :
Fedora strongly depends on well - motivated and non-frustrated maintainers and open source developers .
We want to increment number of responsible maintainers who are able to use common sense .
Our mission is to keep maintainers happy otherwise we will lost them and then we will lost users and our good position in Linux community . [...]
Always when I see that someone is trying to introduce a new rule I have to ask myself ... why so large project like kernel is able to successfully exist for 20 years without a huge collection of rules ?
One might observe that the kernel has , in fact , accumulated a fairly substantial set of rules over the last ten years , often in response to discussions with a striking resemblance to those being held in the Fedora community .
The merge window , signoff requirements , review requirements , no -regression policy , etc. are all aimed primarily at improving release quality .
The kernel also has layers of developers with something close to veto power over potentially problematic changes - a form of dynamic rule - making that Fedora lacks .
So rules might make sense ; that says nothing about any specific proposal , though .
Many developers feel that very few users test packages in Bodhi , and that large numbers of updates would languish there indefinitely .
As Tom Callaway noted , the obstacles to getting those karma votes are significant .
So one alternative which has been suggested is that , after 14 days without negative karma , a package would be allowed to proceed to the update stream .
Other proposals have included requirements for regression tests or separate ( more stringent ) requirements for " critical path " packages ; see this page for the contents of all of the proposals .
A rather contentious FESCO meeting was held on this topic on March 9 .
The apparent conclusion was to ponder further on Bill Nottingham 's proposal , which involves regression testing and a requirement for positive Bodhi karma for all " critical path " and " important " components ; others could proceed after a week in the updates - testing repository .
It looks like another meeting will be held in the near future ; whether it will come to concrete conclusions remains to be seen .
The " concrete conclusions " part is probably more important than the specific policy adopted ( within reason ) at this point .
Many large and successful projects go through the occasional period where they try to determine what their goals are and how those goals can best be met .
Properly handled , these discussions can lead to a more focused and more successful project , even if much heat is generated in the process .
A good outcome , though , requires that there be a way to end the discussion with a clear conclusion .
Fedora has governance institutions which should be able to do that ; until those institutions act , Fedora risks looking like a contentious organization lacking a clear idea of what it is trying to do .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Virgin 's technical director Nick Wirth says his Wirth Research company will pay for the changes needed to solve the fuel consumption issues suffered by the team .
Virgin has been forced to work to increase the size of its cars ' fuel tanks after it discovered that the capacity is not enough to reach the end of the races comfortably .
Wirth Research is working on new monocoques that are expected to be introduced once the European season kicks off in Barcelona .
That means the team still has to race in Malaysia and China with the problem .
Wirth said it was down to his company to supply Virgin with a car that can reach the end , so it will not be charging the team for the new parts .
" The chassis supplier is us .
Nothing to do with engine supplier or fuel supplier .
What that means is that we are fixing it for the team .
We are not charging the team , " Wirth told AUTOSPORT .
" It 's our responsibility to provide cars that can finish a grand prix .
It 's down to us . "
Virgin was also hindered by fuel pick - up issues at the Australian Grand Prix , something that meant the team had to go out in qualifying with a lot more fuel than usually required .
Wirth made it clear the problems were not related to the team .
" It 's us .
It 's not a team issue , it 's us , " Wirth added .
" We are not doing a very good job at the moment , particularly in qualifying , of picking up all the fuel .
" We are at liberty to carry on doing that [ using heavy fuel loads ] .
That does n't affect the volume of fuel .
But what we are saying is that even if we could pick up every last drop , which we can't at the moment , we 've got an issue . "
He said Virgin could make it to the end of races using sportscars techniques , but admitted he was not willing to do it .
" There are techniques that we learned from sportscars , but that 's not racing .
We want to race , " he said .
In a remote , mountain - fringed town of southeastern Turkey , a young woman who had barely begun to live met a terrifying death .
The body of the 16 - year - old Medine Memi was found in an earthen grave last December , slumped in a sitting position with her hands tied .
Large amounts of soil were in her lungs and stomach .
She had been buried alive , the apparent victim of an honour killing .
But her suffocating death was symbolic of the fate that awaits hundreds of young rural Turkish women , some killed after moving to cities like Istanbul .
" It is really horrific , " says professor Shahrzad Mojab of University of Toronto 's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education .
" The practice has migrated to larger cities from the villages .
" It 's a question of poverty , lack of education and political ethnic suppression . "
In a long and arduous bid to join the European Union , Turkey has updated its laws on honour killing and imposed life sentences on perpetrators .
But more than 200 women a year in Turkey are killed by family members .
Community workers say the figures are likely higher , as many go unreported .
In Turkey 's impoverished Kurdish region , the practice of honour killing has become a well - known ritual that is chilling in its precision : when a young woman is suspected of " dishonouring " the family by wearing tight clothes , having unauthorized contact with young men , or falling victim to rape , a family council is called , and a family member appointed as an executioner .
In the town of Kahta , where Memi was found , police arrested her father and grandfather .
The police went to her home after a neighbour reported that Medine had not been seen for a month .
They found her body in a hole , newly covered with concrete .
A local organization that campaigns against honour killings said Memi , one of 10 children , had gone three times to the police to complain she was being beaten , but was sent back to her family each time .
Media reports said her father had told relatives he was unhappy that his daughter had male friends , and the grandfather was said to have beaten her .
In the past , families often chose their youngest males as the killers of " erring " girls , because courts would give lenient sentences .
But after the 2005 reform , a new practice of forced suicide sprang up .
According to media reports , victims would be locked in their rooms for days with rat poison , a pistol or rope , and ordered to spare their families the legal retribution by killing themselves .
The attacks on women are aggravated by the struggle between Turkey 's government and Kurdish separatist guerrillas , which has forced families to migrate to cities , where their conservative culture clashes with the liberated urban lifestyle .
" It 's a very tough social issue , " says Mojab , co-editor of Violence in the Name of Honour .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The Turkish government has some very active and dynamic programs to fight honour killing , but it 's not just a family problem , it involves the entire community . "
In some cases , researchers have found , families are reluctant to punish their daughters for behaviour thought to dishonour them .
But communities ostracize them unless they " cleanse " the supposed stain on the family 's reputation .
Firefox 3.5 is now the most popular browser worldwide , edging past Internet Explorer 7 , according to analytics site StatCounter .
The timing has favored FF3.5 , however : IE7 usage has died off as people upgrade to IE8 , meaning that Internet Explorer 's market share is currently spread equally across IE7 and IE8 .
Add together all versions of IE versus all versions of Firefox , and Microsoft 's browser is still leading the pack by a long way .
Nonetheless , the trend lines favor Firefox in the long run : IE 's market share continues its slow decline while Firefox has sustained steady growth .
StatCounter uses its tracking codes on 3 million websites ( 5 billion total pageviews ) to generate the numbers .
[ via Slashdot ]
( Natural News ) A British study published in the journalhas found that people with high levels of perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) in their blood also have higher rates of thyroid disease .
PFOA is a chemical used in the production of many industrial and consumer products including non-stick cookware , stain - resistant carpet coatings , and fabric waterproofing treatments .
Nearly 4,000 American adults over the age of 20 were tested for PFOA between 1999 and 2006 and evaluated based on thyroid function .
Researchers found that those with the highest blood serum levels of PFOA , above 5.7 nanograms per milliliter ( ng/ ml ) , were twice as likely to have thyroid disease than those with the lowest levels below 4.0 ng/ ml .
Despite the fact that thyroid disease is typically more common in women rather than in men , researchers found that the link between PFOA and thyroid disease is as just as prevalent in men as it is in women .
Researchers seemed to tiptoe around the results of the study , however , carefully avoiding making a direct link between PFOA and thyroid disease .
Tamara Galloway , lead author of the study and professor of ecotoxicology at Exeter University , explained that further research is needed to determine exactly how the chemicals affect people 's bodies .
Ashley Grossman , professor of neuroendocrinology at Queen Mary , University of London , warned that declaring a connection between PFOA and thyroid disease based on studies like this should be avoided .
She believes that until research is able to verify exactly how the chemical interferes with the thyroid , a definitive link cannot be inferred .
Located in the neck , the thyroid gland secretes the necessary hormones that regulate a person 's growth and development .
Hypothyroidism , a condition in which the thyroid gland is operating below the healthy level , is a common disorder that is increasingly being linked to toxic chemicals like fluoride and chlorine which disrupt proper hormonal production .
Symptoms of hypothyroidism can include hair loss , weight gain and chronic fatigue .
The connection between toxic chemicals and thyroid disease is undeniable , yet many refuse to accept it .
Unless exact causation can be established , many will refuse to believe that there is even an association .
Even so , there are many ways to help improve thyroid function and overcome thyroid disease .
Since toxic halogens like chlorine and fluoride block the uptake of necessary iodine in the thyroid , supplementation with a high - quality form of iodine can bring improved function .
Other steps include detoxifying , improving one 's diet , and avoiding the sources of toxic triggers .
Sources for this story include :
A Florida Panhandle Paradise
The Nautilus has developed a loyal family - based clientele that continues to grow every year .
The Nautilus provides one , two , & three bedroom Gulf Front accommodations directly on the beach and two bedroom Gulf view condominiums that offer a view of the spectacular Gulf for a reduced rate .
With our new “ Clean and Comfortable ” program , you will have a great experience .
We even have duvets so you get a clean comforter , every time !
The Nautilus ’ friendly staff and convenient amenities will keep you coming back year after year .
We are centrally located just five minutes from shopping , award - winning dining and all of the fun of both Destin and Fort Walton Beach but in a quiet , serene island setting that ca n’t be beat .
We have a heated pool , a great market next door with convenience items , and we ’re located on the trolley stop with service all over the island , Destin and Fort Walton Beach .
A true Florida beach vacation destination !
We truly live up to our motto , “ Affordable Luxury With a Million Dollar View ” !
Content Security Policy enabled on adblockplus.org · 2010-03-05 13:09 by Wladimir Palant
If you are using Gecko 1.9.3 Alpha 2 ( Mozilla Developer Preview ) or even Firefox nightly builds then your browser already supports Content Security Policy .
This is a mechanism to prevent attacks on a website like Cross - Site Scripting or Clickjacking .
While I believe that adblockplus.org is n’t vulnerable to any of these attacks , I certainly like having an additional layer of protection and switched on Content Security Policy on this site .
A possible side - effect is that some things which used to work fine might fail to load now — if you see something like that please let me know .
The details of the policy in place here : generally , all loads initiated by adblockplus.org should go to adblockplus.org .
There is an exception for YouTube ( on the main page only , for the embedded video ) .
Also , images are generally allowed , regardless of their origin ( mainly for the sake of the forum ) .
Finally , inline scripts are allowed — while I would like to disallow them , the web applications used here still rely on inline scripts .
Commenting is closed for this article .
( CNN ) -- A 4.4 - magnitude earthquake struck Hawaii on Monday evening , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The quake struck about 6:30 p.m. ( 11:30 p.m. ET ) and was 19.3 miles ( 31.1 km ) deep .
The epicenter was 13 miles ( 20 km ) southwest of the coastal region of Laupahoehoe and 189 miles ( 304 km ) east of Honolulu , the USGS said .
There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .
( CNN ) -- A Qatari diplomat who was questioned by federal investigators after a disturbance on a flight to Colorado has been released without charges , officials said Thursday .
Mohammed al - Madadi was en route to Colorado for a series of consular visits , including a visit with a convicted terrorist being held in a federal facility in Florence , Colorado , a spokeswoman for the Qatari Embassy told CNN .
His flight was escorted into Denver , Colorado , by two F - 16 fighter jets after initial reports that he may have attempted to set a shoe on fire -- a report that may have stemmed from what one U.S. official called an " unfortunate comment " by the diplomat .
The U.S. official told CNN the passenger was in a lavatory for a long time and may have been smoking .
He was questioned by air marshals aboard the United Airlines jet and again by the FBI after the plane landed .
Alison Bradley , a spokeswoman for the Brown Lloyd James public relations firm , told CNN that al - Madadi has " been given clearance to travel back to Washington , " and a federal law enforcement official told CNN he will not face charges .
Bradley , whose firm represents the Qatari government , said al - Madadi was on official business and planned to meet with college students from the emirate while in Colorado .
In addition , he had arranged a consular visit with Ali al - Marri , a Qatari citizen who is serving an eight - year prison term for conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist organization .
Al - Marri had been held in U.S. military custody for six years before pleading guilty to charges in a federal court in Illinois in 2009 .
He was sentenced in October and transferred to Florence in March .
International law allows prisoners serving time in another country to receive visits from representatives of their home country 's embassy , " and all civilized states regularly exercise this responsibility to send diplomatic representatives to visit their citizens incarcerated in other countries , " Bradley said in a statement to CNN .
And the Qatari ambassador to the United States , Ali Bin Fahad al - Hajri , said in a statement posted on the embassy 's Web site that al - Madadi " was certainly not engaged in any threatening activity . "
" The facts will reveal that this was a mistake , and we urge all concerned parties to avoid reckless judgments or speculation , " he said .
Fran Townsend , who was a homeland security official in President George W. Bush 's administration , told CNN the incident may have been a misunderstanding .
She said law enforcement officials examined the man 's shoes and were satisfied there were no explosives .
" The fear was that he would be Richard Reid - like , " she said .
Reid tried to light explosives hidden in his shoes on board American Airlines Flight 63 in December 2001 .
He is in prison after being convicted in a federal court .
Townsend said that law enforcement responded swiftly and efficiently .
" The system worked as we would have hoped it would , " she said .
Denver 's airport remained open during the incident , according to a statement from airport officials .
One of the passengers on the flight was James Graybeal , director of public affairs for the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which oversees U.S. and Canadian air defenses .
Graybeal said he was not aware of the incident until after the plane landed .
Janet Napolitano , the secretary of homeland security , commended federal air marshals who " swiftly responded to a potential threat to passenger safety while the plane was in flight . "
" These highly trained individuals took appropriate and immediate action to secure the aircraft and communicate the potential threat to authorities on the ground -- ensuring that the flight was met by [ Transportation Security Administration ] and law enforcement officials when it landed safely in Denver . "
Last year , a Nigerian man was arrested for trying to set off explosives hidden in his underwear on a flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day .
The United Airlines incident came just days after U.S. officials revised screening procedures for passengers coming into the United States .
The plan retained existing " no- fly " and selectee lists , as well as the random selection of some passengers for additional screening .
But it scuttled a much - criticized program , implemented after the December 25 bombing attempt , that subjected virtually all travelers from 14 predominantly Muslim countries to additional screening .
CNN 's Jim Spellman , Jeanne Meserve , Carol Cratty , Paul Courson and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
A year after speaking to the media about being mistreated by police , Antonia Lara is facing life on the streets .
Last March , Lara , a 27 - year - old pre-op transgender woman , shared a Twins Falls , Idaho county prison cell for about a week with Majid Kolestani , a 42 - year - old transsexual Iranian refugee accused of murder .
Lara was facing a charge of providing false information to police .
After her incarceration , Lara turned to the city 's paper to complain about their mistreatment at the hands of prison guards .
The women were identified as men by their jailers and placed in a cell separate from the general prison population .
Lara told the Times - News that jail officials were disrespectful .
“ They were making comments the whole time , bringing people by the window so they could laugh at me like I was some freak show , ” Lara told the paper .
“ These people are the people who are supposed to serve and protect . ”
Citing officials ' refusal to provide Kolestani a bra and hormone treatments , a regimen she 's taken for over five years , Lara accused the county of transgender bias .
She also outed herself in the process .
The day after having her story published , Lara was fired .
“ I was fired from my job before I even walked in the door , ” Lara told On Top Magazine .
“ My employer had no clue I was transgender . ”
Such blatant discrimination is commonplace , says Denise Leclair , executive director of the International Foundation for Gender Education , a group that fights for the rights of transgender people .
“ Employers do n't even bother to deny it , because it is legal , ” she said .
Anti-discrimination laws that include gender identity often fail to protect transgender workers .
For example , the difficulty in securing documents that match a person 's identified gender can become an obstacle to employment , Leclair says .
“ Transgender discrimination is a problem in every state , whether or not they have legal protections , as the vast majority of out transgender people have learned firsthand , ” she says .
“ Legal protections are really only the beginning of the conversation . ”
A year on , Lara says she remains unemployed , has been forced out of Twins Falls and is homeless .
“ I felt like I was black balled from employment in the area , when the economy is already bad .
I was discriminated against by law enforcement and forced to move out of the state with threats of harm to myself and my family . ”
Lara , who began her transition at the age of 18 , says she 's studying for a degree in medical administration .
While saying she does not regret standing up for the rights of transgender people – “ I am proud to be trans , proud to be a woman and proud to be a Chicana ” – she admits the incident has altered her life .
“ Right now , I would flip burgers and wash windows , ” Lara says .
“ Honestly , I do n't know what 's next , right now it 's just focus on my education , try to eat and stay alive everyday , and look for work . ”
THE BILLIONS of dollars being spent on infrastructure across the nation provide an opportunity to plan for a better America , but politics - as - usual favors sprawl over city .
This anti-urban bias of national policies must end .
Over the past 60 years , cities have been hit by a painful policy trifecta : subsidization of highways , subsidization of homeownership , and a school system that creates strong incentives for many parents to leave city borders .
Nathaniel Baum - Snow , an economist at Brown University , has documented that each new federally - funded “ highway passing through a central city reduces its population by about 18 percent . ’’
Subsidizing transportation decreases the advantage of living close together in cities , which should make every urbanite worry about the Senate ’s fondness for using highway spending to fight recession .
The current Senate jobs bill calls for a more than $ 30 billion increase for transportation over the next two years .
It is a mistake to think that spending on trains balances the scales .
Cities will always benefit far less than exurbs from transportation because dense areas already have good means of getting around , like walking .
Urban advocates would do better to either reduce highway subsidies or to balance that spending with more funding for urban schools .
Political leaders have long championed homeownership , but subsidizing homeownership is also anti-urban .
Sixty - two percent of Boston homes are rented ; 78 percent of Wellesley homes are owner - occupied .
Cities are defined by apartments , and more than 85 percent of homes in multi-unit structures are rented .
Suburbs are known for their single - family detached houses , and more than 85 percent of such homes are owner - occupied .
Subsidizing homeownership , through Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and the home mortgage interest deduction , lures people out of cities .
For many suburbanites , schools loom larger than fast commutes or subsidized mortgages .
America ’s local school system creates large incentives for education - oriented parents to move to homogeneous enclaves outside of city limits .
Cities would benefit if the school system moved leftward , toward a more uniform national system like France , or rightward toward state - level vouchers that break the link between where you live and where your children go to school .
School reforms that enable city schools to work more like a private market can harness the urban edge in innovation and competition that works so well in other industries , like restaurants .
The forces of history have created a moment where the right leadership could make America less anti-urban .
The housing crisis , a renewed interest in infrastructure , fear of global warming , and the education reform movement could help bring about fairer policies for cities .
The housing bust exposed the myth that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were costless and exposed the folly of encouraging people to bet everything on the vicissitudes of the housing market .
It is time to lower the million - dollar limit on the home mortgage interest deduction and to gradually reduce federal support for mortgage lending .
Across the country , a flurry of experiments is building the knowledge needed to improve urban schools .
Education Secretary Duncan is trying to harness “ a perfect storm for reform ’’ by leading a “ race to the top . ’’
Education is not just the “ great equalizer , ’’ it is the great nation and city builder .
Our country ’s cities depend on the reformers ’ success .
The environmentalist movement is recognizing that cities are far more energy efficient than suburbs due to smaller housing units and less driving .
Greens need to fight both against suburban highways and for more urban development .
In 2009 , America ’s five least dense states were awarded $ 1,100 per capita in federal recovery grants while the five densest states , including Massachusetts , got $ 561 per capita .
President Obama can change the tilt toward low density .
The most urban president since Teddy Roosevelt , Obama needs to fight for cities , not just as a matter of justice , but because cities , and the creativity that comes when humans connect and learn from each other in dense areas , are the best hope for the country .
Edward L. Glaeser , a professor of economics at Harvard University , is director of the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
What 's Going On
There are currently 5922 users online .
340 members and 5582 guests .
Most users ever online was 26,947 at 07:36 PM on 12-29-2019 .
It was recently announced that InfoQ is creating a new Operations community , which will be our seventh commnity .
In addition to that , another major change which has been in the works for the last few months at InfoQ is the conversion of the Java community to the Scala community .
InfoQ spoke with a prominent Scala expert and members of the former InfoQ Java editorial team to learn more about this change and why it was made .
Describing this transition , Charles Humble , lead editor of the Scala community , said :
As the lead Java editor for InfoQ the decision to drop coverage of Java and concentrate instead on Scala is not one we took lightly .
In 1995 Java represented a paradigm shift .
By taking ideas that worked well in other languages such as C , C++ , Cedar / Mesa , Modula and Simula , and adding built - in distributed programming support , it moved both OO and distributed programming into the mainstream of enterprise computing .
Today a similar paradigm shift is occurring as a consequence of the rise of multi-core machines , and it is functional language based .
Scala is the Java of functional programming , described by Neal Gafter as " a strong contender for Java ++. "
For modern enterprise computing Scala represents a much more logical choice then Java , and we expect it to become the dominant language on the JVM this year .
We 've recently thrown away InfoQs existing Java code base , re-writing it in Scala , and we expect many of our readers are engaged in similar activities .
In view of this we 've decided to concentrate our efforts on our Scala coverage , and to drop coverage for the Java langauge , and related legacy topics such as Java EE and Spring from these pages .
Dean Wampler , Ph.D. , the co-author of O'Reilly 's " Programming Scala " , offered this comment on the sudden industry switch to Scala vs. the less appealing alternatives :
We all know that object - oriented programming is dead and buried .
Scala gives you a ' grace period ' ; you can use its deprecated support for objects until you 've ported your code to use Monads .
A measure of the rapidly - growing dominance of Scala is the book market .
Three of the four introductory Scala books were published in the last year alone .
Several books on more advanced Scala topics are due this year .
Our decision to move our code base to Scala has been validated by Oracle 's decision to rename their Java . net site to Scala.
net , effective today .
They are offering a grace period for existing Java projects ; they have until May 1st to port their code to Scala , after which time all remaining Java projects will be deleted .
Similarly , Google Code has marked all its Java projects as " deprecated " , effective today .
For those developers who need to port their Java code to Scala , Dr. Wampler offers this advice :
Just rename your .
java files to .scala , run the scalac compiler , and fix the errors .
You 'll be done in no time !
Another long - time Java editor , Dionysios Synodinos , said :
What the emergence of so many JVM languages has taught us , is that our industry finds great value in the Java Platform but not necessarily in the Java language itself .
This fact has spurred several discussions over the last couple of years about which language is going to replace Java and become the dominant JVM language - AKA " Next Big Language " .
The plethora of Java alternatives and the polyglotism trend , has led many in the past to believe that there is n't going to be a dominant alternative .
It is my belief that these people have been proven wrong by Scala 's momentum that has been getting stronger and stronger since the early days .
This language has all the necessary ingredients to completely replace Java and yet take full advantage of all the APIs , VMs , platforms and know - how that have been part of the Java ecosystem for so many years .
Drawing from InfoQ 's statement of purpose which is to " track change and innovation in enterprise software " , it was only logical to make a decision to focus our efforts exclusively on Scala !
We 're still going to periodically cover Java related news , as we do e.g. with COBOL , but it makes no sense to have a specific community especially for it .
In a related development , Yukihiro " Matz " Matsumoto , the inventor of the Ruby language , announced today that the next version of Ruby , 1.9.2 , will switch from dynamic typing to static typing , using a port of Scala 's type system .
Analysts speculate that the move is an attempt to stem the tide of developers who are moving from Ruby to Scala .
The most common complaint whispered to me at parties ( especially by guys ) is that condoms suck .
They feel weird , they decrease sensation , they smell / taste funny .
I love how none of them want to fix the problem , only bitch to me .
Guess what : you can make sex with condoms feel better .
The only thing you can do about the smell / taste is to shop around and find a flavored condom that does n’t smell / taste worse than a regular condom ( I recommend Kiss of Mint ) .
If you like your regular brand but still want to fix the flavor , I ’m a fan of Wet Naturals Strawberry lube .
If you hate the taste of diet sodas then you might want to skip this one .
Now to the Biggest Complaint : sensation .
Yes , a condom is a sheath that goes on a penis , a barrier that prevents skin to skin contact .
OF COURSE IT FEELS WEIRD .
But there are steps that you can take to enhance sensation .
1 ) Buy a thinner condom .
Japan makes the thinnest condoms and the US makes some of the thickest .
No , Japanese condoms are not smaller .
Want something big and thin ?
Kimono Maxx .
Kimono anything is pretty awesome in general for durable thinness .
2 ) Buy a condom that fits .
If you were to buy shoes in the wrong size , walking would be uncomfortable , no ?
Measure your junk , purchase accordingly *.
I recommend Condomania for discreet condom shopping .
3 ) LUBE . LUBE .
LUBE .
I could write that over and over and over and over .
And over .
Lube makes all the difference in the world .
Before unrolling and putting on your jimmyhat , place a few drops of lube into the reservoir tip .
Why does this matter ?
Try it and find out .
Be sure to purchase a glycerin - free water - based or silicone lube .
Make your penis happy !
And to all the condom companies out there : TELL PEOPLE TO USE LUBE .
IT SHOULD COME ON THE INSTRUCTIONS .
While these helpful steps will not make protected sex feel just like unprotected sex , not only will it feel way better , you will be protected from STDs and unwanted pregnancy .
Technology is awesome .
* This is why I contend that the responsibility of condom buying should fall on the penis - holder ’s shoulders .
Which is why someone should make this PSA for men instead of women .
Thanks for crappy condoms and bad public messages Trojan .
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - Sexual abuse by Catholic priests is a scourge in Africa as well as the Western countries where scandals have badly hurt the Vatican ’s image , a leading African Catholic archbishop has said .
A member of the faithful shows a crucifix to Pope Benedict XVI during a youth rally at the Dos Coqueiros stadium in Luanda , Angola March 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
Archbishop of Johannesburg Buti Tlhagale said the damage weakened the Church ’s ability to speak out with moral authority in Africa , where it has at times been a rare voice challenging dictatorship , corruption and abuse of power .
“ What happens in Ireland or in Germany or America affects us all , ” Tlhagale said in a message on April 1 that was published this week on the website of the Southern African Catholic Bishops ’ Conference , which Tlhagale heads .
“ It simply means that the misbehavior of priests in Africa has not been exposed to the same glare of the media as in other parts of the world . ”
The Church is now engulfed in a scandal over the sexual abuses of children by priests .
It faces accusations in several European countries of mishandling and covering up abuses , some dating back decades .
“ I know that the Church in Africa , is inflicted by the same scourge , ” Tlhagale said .
Africa is one of the fastest growing regions for the Church and ever more important as the number of practicing Catholics in the developed world declines .
Africa ’s Catholic population rose from about 2 million in 1990 to about 140 million in 2000 .
While reports of sexual abuse by priests have come to light locally , they have not made global headlines .
The Vatican and Catholic bishops in Europe and the United States have protested against what they say is a media campaign against the Church .
Some reports have accused Pope Benedict of negligence in handling abuse cases in previous roles as a cardinal in his native Germany , and in Rome -- accusations the Vatican denies .
TEENAGE GIRLS
Some 40 complaints of abuses , some from as far back as four decades ago , have been received by the Southern African Catholic Bishops ’
Conference over 14 years , its website said .
Over half involved the sexual abuse of teenage girls , it said .
Father Chris Townsend , the group ’s spokesman , said some clergy had been found guilty and action had been taken , although the bishops were responsible for those measures .
Precise details were not given .
Celibacy is frowned upon in some traditional African societies and there have been reports of priests having mistresses and fathering children in parts of Africa .
The Church ’s reputation in Africa is far from unblemished -- priests were accused of aiding Rwanda ’s genocide , and AIDS activists challenge its opposition to condom use in the world ’s worst afflicted continent .
But in some countries , Catholic clergy have won a reputation for being willing to use their position to speak out against oppression and misrule when others cannot .
Tlhagale said the abuse scandals undermined the Church ’s moral authority .
“ As Church leaders , we become incapable of criticizing the corrupt and immoral behavior of the members of our respective communities , ” he said .
“ We become hesitant to criticize the greed and malpractices of our civic authorities . ”
Karl Rove goes on the BBC and defends waterboarding and tries to justify its use by saying that it's not a black and white issue and reasonable people can disagree .
Huh ?
In his twisted mind the Iraq war was pretty awesome too even though there were no WMD 's found .
Leave it to the BBC to not pussyfoot around with an interview .
In a BBC interview , Karl Rove , who was known as " Bush 's brain " , said he " was proud we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists " .
He said waterboarding , which simulates drowning , should not be considered torture .
In 2009 , President Barack Obama banned waterboarding as a form of torture .
But the practice was sanctioned in written memos by Bush administration lawyers in August 2002 , providing legal cover for its use . --
" I 'm proud that we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists and gave us valuable information that allowed us to foil plots such as flying aeroplanes into Heathrow and into London , bringing down aircraft over the Pacific , flying an aeroplane into the tallest building in Los Angeles and other plots , " Mr Rove told the BBC .
" Yes , I 'm proud that we kept the world safer than it was , by the use of these techniques .
They 're appropriate , they 're in conformity with our international requirements and with US law . "
Hey , Turdblossom ---- waterboarding is torture .
It 's always been considered torture and there is no reasonable middle ground position to argue that point .
The Geneva Conventions addressed that and the interviewer reminded him of those pesky treaties .
The Bush administration even said it was so in their own memos .
Reflections in spheres
I love mirrors .
They can create some very interesting mathematics .
It is therefore surprising that although I have been working with raytracers ( which do reflection very well ) for quite a long time that I have never used them to look at reflections .
I have finally dealt with that omission .
The image above looks at four spheres placed at the corners of a tetrahedron so that they are nearly touching .
Without the mirror finish they would look like this :
In order to get more pictures , and to help understand the pattern of reflections I now started to colour the surroundings .
As we look at the spheres our gaze is bounced around until it eventually heads away from the spheres again .
The question is , at that stage what direction is our view going .
In other words , what are we actually looking at within all the reflections ?
To show this I created the set up below :
As you can see the spheres are in a yellow bucket with a blue bottom and red top .
The position of the camera is shown with a black cuboid and the light is the white sphere .
The red top will be pushed over the model for the images and the light switched on !
Note that I place the light behind the model so we would not see it in direct reflection .
So what do we get ?
Now we can see whether we are really looking up ( in red ) level ( yellow ) or down when we look at the reflections .
Can you look at the image and work out more about the paths various lines will take before heading out ?
The beautiful structure comes in as there are paths that take a very long , or even infinite time to leave the spheres .
A second image looks for right and left :
Finally just for fun , an image where the back sphere is glowing so you can see how it is reflected around the front three spheres :
For more on the mathematics of sphere and circle reflections , and how they can be generalised to whole geometric worlds ( with great images ) see Indra ’s Pearls , you can also use the blender file for these scenes .
Citibank Shuts Down Gay Entrepreneur ’s Bank Account Over Blog ’s Content
Created : February 25 , 2010 15:27 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Jason Goldberg is the CEO of a company called Fabulis , which is developing a website , iPhone app and social media application targeted at gay men .
His company — which is at least his third start - up — is funded by investors including The Washington Post and the venture capitalist Allen Morgan , and they just launched their beta version this month .
You would think he would be the kind of customer Citi would want — but Citi decided otherwise after a compliance officer reviewed his site and decided that a social networking application for gay men was “ objectionable . ”
Without notifying Goldberg or anyone at Fabulis , Citi shut down their bank accounts for objectionable content on Fabulis ’ blog , though it refused to specify which content .
After hours of phone calls , several articles and a threat to take their banking elsewhere , Citi finally called Goldberg to say that the three Citi employees who had decided Goldberg ’s social networking site was objectionable were “ wrong to have said what they said . ”
Note that the bank did not say they were wrong to have suspended his account without notification , or to have flagged his blog as objectionable because it talks about the gay - themed ( but not pornographic ) company that he is starting , but just that the three employees statements to him were wrong .
In fact , what they told Goldberg was likely right out of an employee handbook , if the phrasing is anything to go by : “ Content was not in compliance with Citibank ’s standard policies . ”
Does Citibank make a regular habit of reading up on the content generated by all its business customers — and are its personal banking clients exempt ?
Do they accept business accounts from companies that produce or distribute pornography ( which includes business giants such as Barnes and Noble and Amazon , as well as nearly every convenience store in the country ) ?
Do they terminate the business accounts of freelance writers if they object to the content written by the customer — be it sexual or political ?
Is their compliance department monitoring the blog of each and every customer to make sure that storing your money with them is socially acceptable ?
It seems unlikely that Citi is going around reading all of its customer ’s blogs or checking to make sure that every client meets with its employees ’ standards of unobjectionable .
Far more likely , Goldberg ’s business was targeted because of its audience — gay men — and what some employees decide is objectionable .
But then maybe Citibank ’s unspoken policy of judging the thoughts and sexual orientation of its customers is why Playboy Enterprises does its banking with Bank of America .
Ed. note :
If you do extensive reading on a computer screen you know how quickly stark black - on - white text can strain your eyes .
One Lifehacker reader , tired of straining his eyes , changed the default background color with pleasing results .
Advertisement
We watch the #tips box every day to see all the tips , tricks , and clever uses Lifehacker readers come up with .
Today 's tip is focused on taking a widely adopted application — Adobe Reader — and tweaking the background to be less eye searing .
I read PDF files every day , whether it's an ebook , a report , or notes from my classes .
Advertisement
Unfortunately , the gleaming white background color of every PDF file was not easy on my eyes .
So , I decided to change the default white background color .
It 's a simple change that can make reading PDF files easier on the eyes .
Example : [ imgur.com ]
1 ) Open Adobe Reader .
Go to Edit - Preferences - Accessibility .
2 ) Make sure the " Replace Document Colors " is checked and click on Custom Color .
3 ) Click " Page Background " color and then select " other color . "
Here 's my custom neutral color settings :
[ imgur.com ]
You can also do the same for any of your favorite word processor applications .
It will make writing and reading easier on the eyes !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Have a tip for tweaking the background color in other applications ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
Thanks for the tip SandHammer !
MEET BARBARA MILANO KEENAN ….
Nearly seven months ago , President Obama nominated Judge Barbara Milano Keenan to serve on the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals .
Her record and qualifications were beyond reproach , and she enjoyed the enthusiastic support of her home - state ’s senators , Virginia ’s Jim Webb ( D ) and Mark Warner ( D ) .
Her nomination was considered nearly six months ago by the Senate Judiciary Committee , which approved Keenan unanimously — not a single Republican raised an objection .
If ever there was going to be an Obama judicial nominee who deserved to be quickly and easily confirmed , Keenan fit the bill .
And yet , the Senate Republican caucus is the Senate Republican caucus .
Keenan ’s nomination was delayed , then , because of a GOP filibuster .
Why ?
No one has the foggiest idea .
It ’s apparently just habitual — Republicans try to block judicial nominees just for the sake of trying to block judicial nominees .
This morning , the Senate held a cloture vote to end the Republican filibuster on Keenan .
The vote was 99 to 0 .
This afternoon , the Senate held a final confirmation vote , and produced the same margin .
( thanks to reader G.S. )
The Senate has unanimously confirmed Virginia Supreme Court Justice Barbara Milano Keenan to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
The vote Tuesday was 99 - 0 for Keenan , the first female judge elected in Virginia and the only woman appointed to the Virginia Court of Appeals when it was created in 1985 .
The Richmond - based Fourth Circuit covers Virginia , Maryland , West Virginia , North Carolina and South Carolina . [ … ]
Sen. Jim Webb , D - Va. , lamented that there are now some 100 vacancies among 876 federal judgeships , that the Fourth Circuit currently has four vacancies and that the seat Keenan will fill has been empty for two years .
Keenan ’s nomination was delayed for months by a filibuster , only to see her win unanimous confirmation .
In other words , those who sought to block her nomination ultimately voted against their own obstructionism , and for the judge they tried to stop .
It ’s one thing to block an up - or - down vote on a judge some senators find problematic .
But we have a Senate where Republicans filibuster nominees who enjoy unanimous support .
We ’re left with a confirmation process in which it takes seven months to approve arguably the least controversial judicial nominee this administration will ever send to the Senate .
Also note , it ’s not just Keenan — there are several pending judicial nominees , all of whom have been approved by the Judiciary Committee , some with unanimous support , who continue to wait for no good reason .
This is an untenable process .
Move over Nintendo DSi and Nintendo DSi XL .
Nintendo has DS successor in the works and it ’s going to be shown this year .
The Nintendo 3DS ( tentative name ) is a brand new handheld that supports 3D games you can play without any special glasses .
Other details were not announced since Nintendo is saving the reveal for E3 .
However , there is a 3D game already out on the Nintendo DSi called Hidden 3D Pictures in Japan .
The DSiWare title uses the camera for face tracking , which gives the illusion of depth ..
Earlier this year , the Asahi Shimbun discussed the possibility of a motion sensor being part of a new Nintendo DS .
The press release does not mention any motion sensing hardware .
Nintendo plans to release the handheld in Japan sometime after this fiscal year , which is between April and March 2011 .
[ youtube ] 5JCPKPWB8MQ [ / youtube ]
Anyone who would like to become a screerwriter should look up one person - Laeta Kalogridis .
The Greek - American is 2010 ’s hottest screenwriter in Hollywood .
We met Laeta at the press junket in NYC for Shutter Island , Martin Scorseze ’s latest motion picture starring Leonardo Di Caprio .
She talked to us about her Greek background , and what it is like to work with the best of the filmmaking industry like Leonardo Di caprio , Martin Scorseze and James Cameron .
Kalogridis , who was also the executive producer of “ Avatar ” , has written the script for Alexander ( 2004 ) , Night Watch ( 2006 in U.S. ) , Pathfinder ( 2007 ) and Shutter Island ( 2010 ) .
She has also served as an executive producer for the television series Birds of Prey and Bionic Woman .
She is the founder of the pro-union website : Hollywood United , and was an active peacemaker in the 2007 –2008 Writers Guild of America strike .
Ubuntu este un sistem de operare bazat pe Linux pentru computerele personale , servere și netbook - uri .
Ubuntu este rapid , arată bine , este disponibil gratuit și întotdeauna va rămâne astfel .
Ce este Ubuntu ?
Ubuntu este un sistem de operare realizat de o echipă globală de experți .
Conține toate aplicațiile de care aveți nevoie : un navigator de Internet , o suită de birou , aplicații media , mesagerie instant și multe altele .
Ubuntu este o alternativă liberă pentru Windows și soluțiile Office .
