The FCC has stirred up plenty of controversy with its own " third way " approach to regulating network neutrality , with ISPs routinely arguing that decisions about network management should be made by their experts and their engineers , not by a government agency .
To that end , companies like Time Warner cable , Verizon , Google , Intel , Microsoft , Comcast , AT&T , and others today joined forces and announced the Broadband Internet Technical Advisory Group .
The inelegantly acronymed BITAG will serve as an industry - driven forum to “ develop consensus on broadband network management practices or other related technical issues that can affect users '
Internet experience , including the impact to and from applications , content and devices that utilize the Internet . ”
That 's a fancy way of saying that the forum allows engineers to seek consensus on proper network management practices in a less adversarial forum than an FCC rulemaking .
The forum will be overseen by Dale Hatfield , a well - respected former FCC Chief Technologist and current director of the Silicon Flatirons Center at the University of Colorado - Boulder .
Government staffers are welcome to observe the group 's works .
Getting ISPs and Internet companies like Google together to hash out network management guidance is all well and good , but what about Internet users , who are not represented in the group ?
Google 's top telecom lawyer Rick Whitt said that " we welcome the involvement of other interested entities , especially those representing the Internet user community . "
He also stressed that , at least in Google 's view , BITAG was not some attempt to privatize FCC oversight .
" Rather , we hope the BITAG can bring together some of the smartest technical minds in this space to provide some useful guidance to policymakers and Internet stakeholders alike , " he said .
The new group would , however , work to “ inform federal agencies in their industry oversight functions . "
Free Press , one of the groups that complained the loudest about Comcast 's P2P blocking , worries that BITAG is an attempt to undermine the FCC and replace " public interest " regulation with corporate - focused rules .
“ Allowing industry to set its own rules is like allowing BP to regulate its drilling , " said Free Press Policy Counsel Chris Riley .
" The Comcast BitTorrent case shows that without government oversight , Internet Service Providers will engage in what are already deemed by engineers to be bad practices .
" There must be a separate FCC rulemaking process , which can take the recommendations of this or any other voluntary advisory group into account , but rubber - stamping those recommendations would ignore the agency 's mandate to create public policy in the public interest . "
The Open Internet Coalition , made up of public interest groups and Internet companies like Google , Skype , and Amazon , does n't want BITAG to sap energy from the FCC 's current net neutrality plan .
" We strongly feel as with all self - regulatory regimes , this can only be effective with a legal backstop to enforce voluntary industry rules at the FCC , " said the group in a statement .
" Without such a backstop , this approach will be toothless and ultimately ineffective . "
Roman Catholic Church Roman Catholic policies on castratism :
castrated choir boys , ~ 1500 to 1903 CE
An emasculator , " a medical castration tool 12 Quotations : " Is n't it incredibly sad and pathetic that the society Alessandro [ Moreschi ] was born into ( and all the castintos ) was soooooo male dominated ( and female phobic ) that it would castrate their own male children rather than allow a naturally occurring female voice breech ' their ' domain ?
Who 's to say that his own mature ( intact ) male voice , with all the training he had , would n't have been magnificent .
Once the child ( and they were children ) was castrated , what choice did he have ?
The society settled for a poor imitation of a woman 's voice , when their was no need . "
Denise D. , reviewer on Archive.org referring to a recording by Alessandro Moreschi , a singer at the Sistine Chapel , made in 1904 .
1,2
" It makes your flesh creep to think that this could have happened in the name of art .
Put in context though , with eunuchs , tail docking for dogs and genital mutilation , it shows that we humans have a fairly unique knack for extreme cruelty based simply on tradition .
Steve Brereton .
3 Overview : A castrato is a male singer with a soprano , mezzo - soprano , or alto voice .
From about 1550 CE to the late 19th century , most were created by castrating boys before they reaching puberty .
This prevented their vocal cords from lengthening and their voice from deepening .
With the lung capacity and muscular strength of an adult male and the vocal range of a prepubescent boy : " ... his voice develops a range , power and flexibility quite different from the singing voice of the adult female , but also markedly different from the higher vocal ranges of the uncastrated adult male .
Some castratos were males who were born with an endoctrinological condition that prevented them from sexually maturing . "
" The term castrato was often used to indicate the high register created by the young men who sang the castrato style .
The typical register of a castrato was above that of a ' normal ' soprano or alto voice , resulting in the creation of a temporary range in Italian music . "
4
In Italy , where most of the castrations occurred , boys were generally drugged with opium .
They were soaked in a hot tub until barely conscious before the operation .
5
One source estimates that the fatality rate due to the amputation procedure was about 80 % .
6
Another estimates a death rate of 10 to 80 % depending upon the skill of the practitioner .
7
Among the survivors , the vast majority did not become professional singers because their voice was not of sufficiently high quality .
J.S. Jenkins writes : " Boys were castrated between the ages of 7 and 9 years , and underwent a long period of voice training .
A small number became international opera stars , of whom the most famous was Farinelli , whose voice ranged over three octaves .
By the end of the 18th century , fashions in opera had changed so that the castrati declined [ in numbers ] except in the Vatican , where the Sistine Chapel continued to employ castrati until 1903 .
The last of the castrati , ... Alessandro Moreschi ... died in 1924 and made gramophone recordings that provide the only direct evidence of a castrato 's singing voice . "
8
Obviously , all of the boys who were castrated were not sufficiently mature to give their informed consent .
Sponsored link History : The European practice of employing castrated boys in the Catholic church 's choirs started in the mid 16th century .
Castrati were first used during : Late 1550s in the chapel choir of the Duke of Ferrara .
1574 in the court chapel at Munich , Germany .
1599 in the Sistine Chapel at the Vatican .
1610 in Württemberg , Germany .
1637 in Vienna , Austria .
1640 's in Dresden , Germany .
4 Pope Sixtus V issued a papal Bull in 1589 which approved the recruitment of castrati for the choir of St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome .
Castrati were later widely employed by opera companies .
According to Wikipedia : " The practice reached its peak in 17th and 18th century opera .
In Naples it is said that several barbershops had a sign that castration was performed there .
However , this can not be confirmed .
The male heroic lead would often be written for a castrato singer ( in the operas of Handel for example ) .
When such operas are performed today , a woman ( possibly cross - dressing as a man in a so - called trouser role ) or a countertenor takes these roles .
However , some Baroque operas with parts for castrati are so complex and difficult that they cannot be performed today . "
" Castration was by no means a guarantee of a promising career .
During the 16th , 17th and 18th centuries , only approximately 1 % of fully or partially castrated boys developed into successful singers . "
" Probably the most famous castrato was the 18th century singer Carlo Broschi , known as Farinelli .
In 1994 , a film was made about him , Farinelli Il Castrato .
In the 17th century , Queen Christina of Sweden was so enamored of the voices of the castrati that she temporarily halted a war between her country and Poland so that she could borrow the castrato Ferri from the Polish king for a two - week command performance . "
4 The Catholic Church 's position on castrati : According to Rotten.com , in the late 16th century : " Pope Clement VIII became smitten with the sweetness and flexibility of their voices .
...
While some Church officials suggested it would be preferable to lift the ban on women singers than to continue endorsing the castration of little boys , the Pope disagreed , quoting Saint Paul , ' Let women be silent in the assemblies , for it is not permitted to them to speak . ' ...
Since it was illegal to perform castrations , ... all castrati presenting themselves for the choir claimed to have lost their genitals through tragic ' accident ' . "
" After the Pope ’s official acknowledgement and acceptance of castrati , the number of these " accidents " increased dramatically .
Parents seeking upward mobility towed their little lads down to a barber or butcher who separated them from their testicles for a fee .
5
One source estimates that , during the 17th and 18th centuries , three to five thousand boys per year in Italy were castrated .
Castration was forbidden under canon law .
The church condemned the practice and occasionally excommunicated the person responsible for the surgery .
6
But the church simultaneously created a market for castrati by hiring them for its church choirs .
By about 1789 , there were more than 200 castrati in Rome 's chapel choirs alone .
7
The number of castrati declined during the 19th century .
In 1870 , castrations were banned in the Papal States -- the last political jurisdiction to do so .
In 1878 , Pope Leo XIII prohibited the hiring of new castrati by the church .
10 By 1900 there were only 16 castrati singing in the Sistine Chapel and other Catholic choirs in Europe .
In 1902 , Pope Leo XIII ruled that new castrati would not be admitted to the Sistine Chapel .
7
In 1903 , Pope Pius X formally banned adult male sopranos from the Vatican .
9
The Church 's last castrati , Alessandro Moreschi , died in 1922 .
9 Sponsored link :
The castrati and 1 Corinthians and 1 Timothy in the Bible : Part of the market for castrati was due to the apostle Paul 's famous dictum " Mulier taceat in ecclesia " ( women are to be silent in church ) .
This instruction is found in two passages in the Christian Scriptures ( New Testament ) : I Corinthians 14:34 - 35 : " Let your women keep silence in the churches : for it is not permitted unto them to speak ; but they are commanded to be under obedience , as also saith the law .
And if they will learn any thing , let them ask their husbands at home : for it is a shame for women to speak in the church .
11
I Timothy 2:11 - 12 : " Let the woman learn in silence with all subjection .
But I suffer not a woman to teach , nor to usurp authority over the man , but to be in silence . "
Until the 17th century , the Catholic church interpreted these passages literally .
Women were prohibited from speaking or singing in church .
10 Castrati , were the obvious replacement .
However , most Christians theologians who are not evangelicals , have concluded that 1 Timothy was not written by Paul .
Also , 1 Corinthians 11:5 states that : " ... every woman that prays or prophesies with her head uncovered dishonors her head : for that is even all one as if she were shaven . "
11
This would seem to imply that women could pray or prophecise as long as her head was covered .
These passages are largely rejected by religious liberals today .
One theologian suggests that verses 34b to 36 in 1 Corinthians 14 are a crude forgery .
If they are simply deleted , the chapter flows smoothly from verse 34a to 37 .
More info .
Many liberal Christians believe that 1 Timothy is a forgery and is written circa 100 to 150 CE , up to 85 years after Paul 's execution .
This text refers shows how the second century church reinstated the oppression of women --- in opposition to the teachings of Paul .
More info .
The castrati and Matthew 19 in the Bible :
The author of the Gospel of Matthew describes a conversation by Jesus to his disciples in which he bans divorce , except in those instances where the wife commits a sexual indiscretion .
The disciples respond : Matthew 19:10 : " His disciples say unto him , If the case of the man be so with his wife , it is not good to marry . "
Jesus responds : Matthew 19:11 - 12 : " But he said unto them , All men cannot receive this saying , save they to whom it is given .
For there are some eunuchs , which were so born from their mother 's womb : and there are some eunuchs , which were made eunuchs of men : and there be eunuchs , which have made themselves eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven 's sake .
He that is able to receive it , let him receive it . "
11 Origen ( c. 185 - c 254 CE ) , an early church father from the Alexandrian school , interpreted this passage literally and allegedly castrated himself " for the kingdom of heaven 's sake . "
Some Catholic church leaders , centuries ago , interpreted the same passage as providing justification for the use of castrati so that they could contribute their powerful singing ability at high pitches to church choirs .
References used :
The following information sources were used to prepare the above report in the year 2000 , and update it since .
The hyperlinks are not necessarily still active today .
Denise D. , review of " Alessandro Moreschi : Ave Maria , " Internet Archive , 2006 - JUL - 12 , at : http://www.archive.org/
" Alessandro Moreschi : Ave Maria , " 1904 recording , Internet Archive , downloadable from : Internet Archive Steve Brereton , review of Sean Coughlan , " Singing in the pain , " BBC News Magazine , 2006 - MAR - 29 , at : http://news.bbc.co.uk/
This article contains photographs of " castratori " -- instruments for castrating males .
Only for the strong of stomach .
" Castrato , " Wikipedia , at : http://en.wikipedia.org/
" Eunuchs , " rotten dot com , at : http://www.rotten.com/
" When castration was normal :
If it 's not Baroque , do n't fix it , " RadixNet , at : http://www.radix.net/
" When castration was accepted , " Intactivism Pages , at : http://www.circumstitions.com/
J.S. Jenkins ,
" The lost voice : a history of the castrato , " Journal of Pediatric Endocrinology & Metabolism , 2000 ; 13 Suppl 6:1503 - 8 .
Abstract at : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/
" History - Castrati , " Radoxnet , at : http://www.radix.net/
Alexia O'Neil , " Sex Trivia , " ErosZine , at : http://www.eros-lasvegas.com/
Quoted from the King James version of the Bible .
Castration tool .
Image downloaded from Flickr at : https://www.flickr.com/
Original source : page 22 of " Animal castration , a book for the use of students and practitioners ; " ( 1914 ) No known copyright restrictions .
Books on the castrati : Patrick Barbier 's book " The world of the castrati : The History of an Extraordinary Operatic Phenomenon " is rated of 4.5 out of 5 stars by Amazon.com buyers .
Read reviews or order this book safely from Amazon.com online book store A search at Amazon.com for books about Castrati : Site navigation : Home > Christianity > Christian groups > Catholic Church > here Home > Sexuality > here Home > " Hot " topics > Sexuality > here Copyright © 2007 to 2017 by Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
Originally written : 2007 - FEB-07
Latest update : 2017 - SEP - 26
Author : B.A. Robinson
Go to the previous page , or to the " Roman Catholic Church " menu , or to the " Human sexuality and gender topics " menu , or choose : Custom Search .
Page Translator :
This page translator works on Firefox ,
Opera , Chrome , and Safari browsers only
After translating , click on the " show
original " button at the top of this
page to restore page to English .
This course is pre-approved for Study Abroad and Exchange students .
This course is not currently offered , please contact the school .
Course description
The course examines the implications of time travel for our understanding of time , causation , agency & free will .
Class offered by web .
No classroom hours .
This course may not run if there are fewer than 20 enrolments .
Archived offerings
People often overlook printers when it comes to information security .
Truth is that a ton of useful information can be found in printers .
Employees will often scan sensitive documents such as social security cards , loan information , birth certificates , etc .
I ’ve also seen important organizational information on printers such as internal memos between higher up executives .
The documents I ’ve seen in the past were never meant to be shared but a default printer will more than happily share your sensitive information .
Almost any new commercial printer will come with a ton of features to store and retrieve any documentation that flows through the printer ( copy , scan , and print jobs ) .
Almost all of these new printers also give you a web interface to retrieve that documentation , an example of a printer ’s web interface can be seen here .
When I ’m performing a penetration test I always go for the web interface of a printer , the web interface is where I can grab all the sensitive information .
These printers usually get unboxed and plugged into the network without much configuration from the default state , this means that the web interface is wide open with default usernames and passwords .
Usually admin access to these printers will give you more access and it ’s this admin access that I check for .
When you ’ve only got a limited amount of time during a penetration test you want to get the best bang for your buck so I created a python script that will go and check for default usernames and passwords on certain models of printers .
Below is the python script .
import urllib2
import sys
target = open ( sys . argv [ 1 ] )
eachIPinList = target .
readlines ( ) ; target .
close ( )
output = open ( sys . argv [ 2 ] , 'w ' )
for string in eachIPinList :
try :
print ' Trying ' + string .
rstrip ( )
theurl = ' http://' + string .
rstrip ( ) + '/index.html '
username = ' root '
password = ''
passman = urllib2 .
HTTPPasswordMgrWithDefaultRealm ( )
passman .
add_password ( None , theurl , username , password )
authhandler = urllib2 .
HTTPBasicAuthHandler ( passman )
opener = urllib2 .
build_opener ( authhandler )
urllib2 . install_opener ( opener )
pagehandle = urllib2 .
urlopen ( theurl )
if pagehandle .
getcode ( ) == 200 :
output .
write ( string )
except :
pass
Usage : at the command line type the following
python nameOfScript.py IPlist.txt output.txt
So this script takes two arguments , 1 ) A list of IP ’s you ’ll want to test against , 2 ) Name of an output file where successful attempts are logged .
If you ’re having troubles running the script read my other post about running a python script .
The output . txt will contain a list of IP ’s that the script was able to log into .
There are three variables that you ’ll have to modify for your particular printer model that you are trying to scan for on your network , they are listed below .
theurl = ' http://' + string .
rstrip ( ) + '/index.html '
username = ' root '
password = ''
Username and password variables should be obvious , simply put in the default username and password of the printer on your network .
The only thing you ’ll have to change in ‘ theurl ’ variable is the last quoted string .
In my case it was ‘/index.html ’ , in your case it could be ‘/auth/login.html ’ .
Variable ‘ theurl ’ builds the http request used to log into your printer ’s web interface .
A full example is below .
http://192.168.1.5/index.html
This script is doing nothing more than trying to log into the web interface of a printer , that ’s it .
So the script is not limited to printers , it can be used against any web application that takes a username and password .
Although this script can be used against any web application there is a limitation .
This script authenticates to the printer using Basic Access Authentication .
There are three main ways to authenticate to a web application .
HTTP Basic Access Authentication HTTP Digest Access Authentication HTML Form - based Authentication
So this script will not work if your web application ( printer in this case ) is using the second or third option .
How would you know which one your printer or web application is using ?
Turns out OWASP has a nice write up on how to test which type of authentication your web application is using .
Turns out that no one really uses one and two because they are not as secure as HTML Form - based Authentication wrapped inside SSL .
Of course some printers use Basic Authentication because they are poorly built .
Basic Authentication actually passes your username and password essentially in plaintext , the only way it tries to hide your username and password is by base64 encoding them which is easily transformed back into plaintext .
I do n’t want to get lost in the weeds to much but just knowing that your printer is using Basic Authentication is bad enough .
Even if you set a strong username and password anyone sniffing network traffic would be able to determine your credentials .
I kicked this script over to Dave Huggins who has tons of experience developing Python applications and he quickly improved upon it by adding the functionality of IP ranges instead of a file .
His enhancements can be seen below .
def IPRange ( octets , func = " " ) :
if func == " " :
def func ( ) :
pass
octets = ( octets .
split ( '.' ) )
ranges = [ ]
loop = 0
for octet in octets :
if octet .
find ( '-' ) != - 1 :
spot = octet .
find ( '-' ) + 1
octets [ loop ] = int ( octet [ :octet .
find ( '-' ) ] )
ranges .
append ( int ( octet [ spot : ] ) + 1 )
else :
octets [ loop ] = int ( octet )
ranges .
append ( int ( octet ) + 1 )
loop + = 1
CurrentAddress = " "
loop = 0
output = [ ]
for one in range ( octets [ 0 ] , ranges [ 0 ] ) :
for two in range ( octets [ 1 ] , ranges [ 1 ] ) :
for three in range ( octets [ 2 ] , ranges [ 2 ] ) :
for four in range ( octets [ 3 ] , ranges [ 3 ] ) :
for item in ( one , two , three , four ) :
CurrentAddress + = str \
( ( one , two , three , four ) [ loop ] ) + " . "
loop + = 1
CurrentAddress = CurrentAddress [ :- 1 ]
output .
append ( func ( CurrentAddress ) )
CurrentAddress = " "
loop = 0
return output
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' :
import os , sys , urllib2
def defaultPrinter ( ipAddress ) :
try :
print ' Trying ' + ipAddress
theurl = ' http://' + ipAddress + '/indexConf.html '
username = ' root '
password = ''
passman = urllib2 .
HTTPPasswordMgrWithDefaultRealm ( )
passman .
add_password ( None , theurl , username , password )
authhandler = urllib2 .
HTTPBasicAuthHandler ( passman )
opener = urllib2 .
build_opener ( authhandler )
urllib2 . install_opener ( opener )
pagehandle = urllib2 .
urlopen ( theurl )
if pagehandle .
getcode ( ) == 200 :
output .
write ( ipAddress )
except :
pass
output = open ( sys . argv [ 2 ] , 'w ' )
IPRange ( sys .
argv [ 1 ] , defaultPrinter )
Happy printer hunting .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Workers on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig told Panorama 's Hilary Andersson of the horrors of the night the rig exploded and their battle for survival amid the flames .
Panorama : BP - In Deep Water , BBC One , Monday , 21 June at 2030 BST .
Via the ‘ Busters , a friendly reminder from the editor of “ The Daily Beast ” that no matter how diverse the GOP becomes , the authenticity card will always be there to discredit its candidates .
Four huge wins by Republican women over male opponents ?
Oh well :
If you ’re not pro-choice then you ’re not a feminist , no matter how much power you may have or how hard you may have worked to get it .
The irony is , of those four , the only one for whom gender became an issue was Haley , and that was only because the Carolina sleaze machine started tossing sex smears at her in desperation .
Angle was the “ tea - party candidate , ” not the “ woman tea - party candidate , ” and Fiorina and Whitman are already nationally famous as CEOs .
Had Will Folks and Larry Marchant left Haley alone , she would have been known as the good - government Sanford disciple .
Gender was n’t otherwise relevant in any race , except in the most superficial sense of signaling to voters that this is “ something different ” in a year when being something different from the usual Washington dreck is good .
Brown , in fairness , recognizes that point , as does Doyle McManus :
GOP primary voters , a deeply conservative bunch , do n’t appear to have much of a problem with strong women in public life anymore .
Not only that :
The GOP is consciously trying to turn gender into a selling point .
This is n’t just the march of equality ; it ’s a strategy .
Republican strategists say female candidates should run well this year , when voters are dissatisfied with incumbents of both parties , because women are , by definition , outsiders ; they ’re not members of the “ old - boys club . ” …
“ Men are always perceived as being in a back room making deals , and women are perceived as being shut out of the back room , ” says Linda DiVall , a pollster who has worked with the Republican National Committee …
“ Too often the Republican Party is seen as old , rigid , stern and out of touch , ” DiVall said in her report .
“ Recruitment of female candidates , especially from outside government , will help greatly in changing perceptions of the Republican brand . ”
I do n’t think any of them won because they ’re women — if Kang and Kodos had Fiorina ’s and Whitman ’s advertising budgets , they could have won too — but obviously gender was n’t a liability either .
And there surely is potency in the idea of Haley romping to victory in a southern state over three white male establishment politicians .
Based on my limited knowledge of the race , she ’s clearly the most appealing of the four — and the polls showed it , race , gender , and religious background notwithstanding .
Three cheers for meritocracy .
How Computers Work Processor and Main Memory Roger Young
Copyright 2001 , 2002 , 2009 by Roger Young .
All rights reserved .
This is a tutorial web book .
All 152 pages of the large paperback book with 96 diagrams are on 38 web pages here .
Even if you know nothing about electronics , you have come to the right place .
If you are wondering how microprocessors work , you have come to the right place .
A microprocessor is a small processor .
If you already know something about electronics , do n't be put off by the fact that the book starts out very simple and uses relays instead of transistors .
You will get through the first chapter quickly .
See web page 24 , below , for just how complex it gets .
If you have a very fast connection ( DSL or cable modem ) , then you can click the following link to see an easier to read ( PDF ) version of the book .
It is 783 kilobytes , so it will take a while .
PDF version .doc Microsoft Word version
With a regular ( 56 K ) modem , it will take about 3 or 4 minutes to be displayed .
The pdf does not include the addendum on the ' registers on bus ' computer architecture .
If you print this book ( ' How Computers Work : Processor and Main Memory ' ) out , it will be easier to follow when it gets to large , relatively - complex diagrams .
Please email questions or comments to me ( Roger Young ) at : thinkorrr@gmail.com
This book has been used as a supplementary text in 300 level computer science courses .
Last updated : January 2 , 2018 About The Author
This page can be reached indirectly by going to the easy - to - remember URL howcomputers.com in case you want to tell anyone about it .
Introduction
Computers are the most complex machines that have ever been created .
Very few people really know how they work .
This book will tell you how they work and no technical knowledge is required .
It explains the operation of a simple , but fully functional , computer in complete detail .
The simple computer described consists mainly of a processor and main memory .
Relays , which are explained , are used in the circuitry instead of transistors for simplicity .
This book does not cover peripherals like modems , mice , disk drives , or monitors .
Did you ever wonder what a bit , a pixel , a latch , a word ( of memory ) , a data bus , an address bus , a memory , a register , a processor , a timing diagram , a clock ( of a processor ) , an instruction , or machine code is ?
Though most explanations of how computers work are a lot of analogies or require a background in electrical engineering , this book will tell you precisely what each of them is and how each of them works without requiring any previous knowledge of computers or electronics .
However , this book starts out very easy and gets harder as it goes along .
You must read the book starting at the first page and not skip around because later topics depend on understanding earlier topics .
How far you can get may depend on your background .
A junior high school science background should be enough .
There is no mathematics required other than simple addition and multiplication .
This is a short book , but it must be studied carefully .
This means that you will have to read some parts more than once to understand them .
Get as far as you can .
You will be much more knowledgeable about how computers work when you are done than when you started , even if you are not able to get through the whole text .
This is a technical book though it is aimed at a non-technical audience .
Though this book takes considerable effort to understand , it is very easy for what it explains .
After you have studied this book , if you go back and read it , it will seem simple .
Good Luck !
CONTENTS
BASICS . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6
MEMORY . 7 . 8 . 9 . 10 . 11
INSTRUCTIONS . 12 . 13 . 14 . 15 . 16
PROCESSOR . 17 . 18 . 19 . 20 . 21 . 22 . 23 . 24
PROGRAMMING . 25 . 26 . 27 . 28 . 29 . 30 . 31 . 32 . 33 . 34 . 35 . 36 . 37
MISCELLANEOUS . 38
book cover Paperback only $ 4.47
Starting on April 17 , 2009 the second edition of this book is ALSO available in 8 " X 10 " paperback book form for only $ 4.47 from Amazon.com ( my favorite book and software supplier ) or Direct to book at Amazon.com .
You can read reviews of the book there .
Related Suggested Reading
For a great , easy - to - read , wonderfully - illustrated , introductory book on how computers work that covers all parts of a computer but is n't nearly as in depth about the processor and does n't have any circuit diagrams , read the book ' How Computers Work ' by Ron White , which is available at most libraries .
The Deepwater Horizon disaster left a devastating legacy in the Gulf of Mexico .
This latest explosion and fire on an offshore rig near Vermilion Bay , LA , is further evidence that offshore drilling rigs are dangerous for humans and marine ecosystems .
This underscores the need for the U.S. to maintain its moratorium on all new offshore oil and gas drilling .
It 's another reminder that drilling accidents happen all too frequently .
We cannot afford to lose any more human lives , nor can we tolerate further damage to the gulf and its irreplaceable ocean ecosystems .
The Gulf Coast economy is suffering , and endangered sea turtles , dolphins and other marine mammals continue to turn up dead on beaches .
The only way to prevent these disasters from happening again is by ending all offshore drilling .
A clean energy future is possible , but we need your help .
Offshore drilling will NEVER be safe .
Sign the petition to end offshore drilling now .
They have proved to be an effective means of dealing with the epidemic of youth on our streets .
But now that acoustic dispersal devices are likely to be banned , how will we tackle one of this country 's most distressing and pervasive crimes : being young in a public place ?
Acoustic deterrence was , until recently , used only to repel rats , mice and cockroaches .
But thanks to an invention by the former British Aerospace engineer Howard Stapleton it is now just as effective at discouraging human vermin .
The Mosquito youth dispersal device , manufactured by Compound Security Systems , produces a loud , high - pitched whine that can be heard strongly only by children and teenagers , and not at all by people over 25 .
It allows councils to keep children out of public places , making them safe for law - abiding citizens .
It enables shopkeepers to determine who should and should not be permitted to use the streets .
It ensures that society is not subjected , among other intrusions , to the unpleasant and distressing noises that youths are inclined to make .
A survey by the Guardian shows that 25 % of local authorities in the UK use or have used these machines in their attempts to discourage the youthwave .
Altogether 3,500 Mosquitos have been sold here , far more than in any other country .
The product 's success is one of many signs of the enlightened attitudes to the menace of childhood that distinguish the United Kingdom from less civilised parts of the world .
But last week the bleeding hearts in the Council of Europe 's parliamentary assembly unanimously recommended that acoustic deterrents be banned from public places , on the preposterous grounds that they discriminate against young people and deny their right to free assembly .
In a blatant attempt at emotional blackmail , the council 's parliament contends that , as well as causing distress to teenagers – whether wearing hooded tops or not – these devices cause " dramatic reactions " in many younger children , particularly babies , who often " cry or shout out and cover their ears , to the surprise of their parents , who , unaware of the noise , do not know why " .
Nor , it says , do we yet know what impact high - frequency noise has on unborn children .
Really , who cares ?
This is just the sort of Eurotrash we have come to expect from the fat cats of Strasbourg .
Happily their decision is not binding , but it can be only a matter of time before the pressure on our legislators – especially high - pitched whining from do - gooders such as the Children 's Rights Alliance for England – becomes intolerable , and they cave in to the forces of political correctness .
What this will mean is that the police , councils and owners of property will be deprived of an essential weapon in the fight against youth .
Youth statistics might be improving , but there are still far too many occasions on which young people venture out of their homes , sometimes in concert .
It is true that the police have specific , if limited , powers to deal with individual cases .
Admittedly the United Kingdom has one of the world 's most enlightened policies on the age of criminal responsibility .
Children can be tried and imprisoned here at the age of 10 .
This is four years younger than in China , whose government is notoriously soft on crime , and six years younger than in the pinko , wet - blanket state of Texas .
Admittedly , we have more child prisoners than any other country in Europe , and behaviour laws – asbos , extrajudicial fines , house arrest for excluded children , £ 5,000 fines for the parents of antisocial toddlers – that dictatorships can only dream of .
But while these measures offer society some protection against actual offences , they do nothing to address the general issue of young people in our midst .
Worse , they attempt to draw a distinction between criminals and teenagers .
As everyone over the age of 40 knows , this distinction is a false one .
Now that the Mosquito is likely to be excluded from the armoury , now that police officers may no longer respond to the incidence of youth with a simple cuff round the ear , or a falling down the stairs or out of a police station window , how will Britain deal with this menace ?
The authorities have been seeking creative solutions , but none meets the challenge we face .
Some councils have imported an idea pioneered in New Zealand and Australia whose purpose is to disperse teenagers from public places : playing the songs of Barry Manilow over their loudspeaker systems .
The problem with the Manilow method is that it is too blunt an instrument , as it disperses everyone except the hard of hearing .
Youth curfews , introduced by the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 , and dispersal orders , brought into effect by the Antisocial Behaviour Act 2003 , go some of the way towards tackling the problem , but they require the active involvement of the police , and apply only where and when they have been implemented .
There is as yet no universal provision against those who insist , often in active collaboration with others , on being young people in public view .
I have a modest proposal for dealing with this problem .
While forestalling sterner measures that might otherwise be deployed to address the troubling existence of youth , it enables good citizens to go about their lives at liberty .
It also prevents young people from getting into trouble and ending up in the worst situation of all : the horror and humiliation of prison , where their golden years are blighted and they fall into the clutches of people ready to exploit them .
I propose that from school age onwards young people should , for the good of themselves and society , be kept in a safe , secure environment , under supervision and out of situations that might tempt them into trouble .
Each would be given a small room , simple but comfortable , which in some cases they might share with another .
They would be permitted one hour of exercise a day in a purpose - built yard offering appropriate facilities .
Besides schooling , occupations would be designed to keep them busy and happy , and prevent them from engaging in the kind of group activities the citizens of this country deplore .
These pastimes might include assembling bags of the kind used for postal deliveries .
They would also be offered the opportunity to pursue vocational qualifications , particularly in the sub - surface fossil fuel extraction and smoke duct - cleansing industries .
This firm but fair treatment programme will consolidate the policies introduced in a piecemeal and incoherent fashion by the last government , reverse the disastrous social experiment of the past 100 years that unleashed the youthwave on to our streets , and make devices such as the Mosquito redundant , useful as they are in the current legislative vacuum .
It will ensure that the youth class ceases to blight the lives of law - abiding owners of property .
Juvenile citizens would be restrained from engaging with society until they have learned to shoulder the burden of respect and responsibility this entails .
By this means we will rear the young people we all want to see : happy , well - adjusted , out of sight and out of mind .
www.monbiot.com
Posted on July 14 , 2010
O'Reilly : Big Government Can't Solve Inequality And Poverty
Watch the latest video at video.
foxnews.com
Bill O'Reilly on Michelle Obama 's foray into politics at the NAACP Convention .
You would never guess it from the dispiriting news coming out of the MTA , but if you want to see the future of New York , then head up to the Bronx and take a bus .
This is not the future of New York in which everyone has a solar - powered jet pack that takes them high over the city ’s organic farmyards .
Nor is this the apocalyptic future in which the final few New Yorkers with health care live just beyond the moat that surrounds what was once called Yankee Stadium .
This is the future as seen in a new bus line : the Bx12 Select Bus Service , or SBS , for short .
The future highlighted by the Bx12 SBS takes as a very depressing starting point the fact that the New York City subway system , once the envy of the world , is stalled .
Not literally — as when we sat on dark , un-air - conditioned cars between stations on the way to Simon and Garfunkel reunion concerts — but still , our subways are strained under a ridership that has grown 60 percent since 1990 and a permanent budgetary crisis that has , over the past two years , only gotten worse .
Last month , faced with an $ 800 million budget gap , the MTA canceled two subway lines and 37 bus lines and dramatically reduced late - night and weekend service .
No one is expecting Albany ’s fiscal situation to improve anytime soon .
If this were , say , Shanghai , one could imagine the federal government sweeping in and not just restoring transit funding but modernizing and expanding our underground tracks .
Shanghai did n’t even have a subway system until 1995 , and it is now in the midst of dramatically expanding it to 22 lines .
But this is not Shanghai ; this is New York , where the first subway line was built in 1904 and many lines still use the antiquated ( and sometimes dangerous ) signal system that was installed about 25 years after Edison patented his lightbulb .
The New York subway system ’s grandest plan at the moment involves completing one new line on Second Avenue .
It was proposed in 1929 .
It is currently scheduled to open its first branch in 2016 .
It will stretch 33 blocks , or just under two miles .
So the future of movement in New York — how we get from home to work , how we navigate the city — is not going to be about subways .
But what about the bus ?
True , buses are what most people think of when they think of not getting anywhere : senior citizens waiting in lines , guys counting out change , double - parked cars .
They are less sexy than subways and tend to be ignored until the MTA announces another round of service cuts .
The last time buses were new was in the forties , when they were installed around the city as a cheaper , more flexible alternative to streetcars .
To a large extent , flexibility remains the bus ’s chief advantage — unrailed , they can go wherever we want them to go — and they ’re a relative bargain .
But over the last decade , in a few transit - enlightened cities around the world , the bus has received a dramatic makeover .
It has been reengineered to load passengers more quickly .
It has become much more energy - efficient .
And , most important , the bus system — the network of bus lines and its relationship to the city street — has been rethought .
Buses that used to share the street with cars and trucks are now driving in lanes reserved exclusively for buses and are speeding through cities like trains in the street .
They are becoming more like subways .
One city that has transformed its bus system is London , which in 2001 hired a New Yorker named Jay Walder to help overhaul its transit system .
At the time , Londontown was gridlocked .
Walder looked at the Tube , then carrying about 3 million daily passengers , and then looked at the bus system , which was carrying almost 6 million .
“ The recognition was that it was virtually impossible to get anything done on the rail system quickly , ” Walder recalls .
“ So we set out to work on the buses .
And what you found was that buses were already the backbone , and you had the opportunity in a relatively short time to make them a lot better . ”
Last summer , Walder was tapped by Governor Paterson to become head of the MTA .
This is not a good time to be in charge of a sprawling bureaucracy dependent on Albany money , and it ’s a strange time to be doing so as an optimist .
But Walder is a hopeful bureaucrat , and he believes that if there ’s any way to grow New York transit , it ’s through buses .
The MTA and the city ’s Department of Transportation recently unveiled plans to install dedicated bus lanes on First and Second Avenues this fall and on 34th Street in 2012 .
These , along with the Bx12 line in the Bronx , are being promoted as trial programs for what Walder hopes will be , by the end of his tenure , a reconfiguration of the city ’s streets .
“ When the city adopts a world - class ‘ Bus Rapid Transit ’ system , people are going to have a tough time , efficiency - wise , telling a bus apart from a subway — it ’s going to be like a subway with a view , ” predicts Kyle Wiswall , general counsel for the Tri-State Transportation Campaign .
What ’s most surprising about Walder ’s vision is its politics :
Unlike most proposals to fundamentally change how the city operates , there ’s an unusual amount of consensus — among bureaucrats and transit geeks , Upper East Side assemblymen and outer - borough activists — that it ’s time to embrace the bus .
The debate , then , is about execution .
Are small experiments the best way to usher in a bus future ?
Or is the proposed redesign of First and Second Avenues , a comparatively anodyne plan that will only marginally improve service , too cautious by half ?
“ The political read is that the public stomach for the most radical innovation is not there yet , ” explains Walter Hook , the executive director of the Institute for Transportation & Development Policy .
But others think the MTA is missing an opportunity .
“ We should definitely be moving faster , ” says Miquela Craytor , the executive director of Sustainable South Bronx , which has joined with the Pratt Center for Community Development to envision Bus Rapid Transit as a citywide “ third mode ” of public transportation .
“ This idea deserves some energy . ”
When the final East Side plans were unveiled last month , they were greeted with polite applause by transit activists and mostly ignored by everyone else .
The announcement was quickly drowned out by the impending transit cuts , and the man who arrived at the MTA intent on revolutionizing the bus is now spending most of his time dealing with the fallout from canceling them .
Jay Walder likes to tell a story about his experience in London .
Keep in mind , this is a country where Margaret Thatcher is reputed to have said , “ A man who , beyond the age of 26 , finds himself on a bus can count himself as a failure . ”
But about a year into his tenure at Transport for London , Walder achieved the satisfaction of watching his neighbor , a London business executive , decide to make his primary mode of daily transportation the bus .
It was simply the easiest , fastest way to get to work .
“ He would say to me , ‘ Hey , the bus goes where I want to go , and it gets me there , and I ’m taking the bus ! ’ ”
Of course , knowing that a British executive was satisfied in Britain may not calm your bus trepidation if it is raining and rush hour , and you are in the Bronx waiting on the corner of Fordham Road and Grand Concourse on a Friday afternoon .
Knowing that buses work anywhere other than New York may not be terribly comforting .
Even if you have read the reports , you might wonder what kind of a lunatic thinks you can cross the Bronx in anything less than a couple of hours .
Or you might already be resigned to lunacy — half of all New Yorkers already ride the bus , and at the moment , the average bus speed is 7.5 miles an hour , the slowest average of any city in the U.S.
( It fell 11 percent between 1996 and 2006 . )
All of the sudden , though , here it comes : the Bx12 .
Right away , you see it ’s different .
A different paint job — new branding , as the transit people like to say — and bright - blue lights flashing on the header .
Buying a ticket is different , too :
You pay before you board , from a little box like a MetroCard vending machine that offers you a receipt .
In the world of transit planning , boarding time is everything , and the receipt streamlines the process .
“ You just hold on to it , ” a woman offers , shouting from under her earbuds .
She smiles .
“ It ’s much faster . ”
Waiting on the curb , you notice that the bus has its own lane , painted terra - cotta , with signs to deflect non -bus traffic .
It is not a physically separated lane , the holy grail of Bus Rapid Transit .
But it is a lane , and your fellow riders speak of police who patrol it regularly during rush hours .
You see the big , roomy bus shelter holding enough people to fill a subway car , and you wonder if everyone will be able to get on .
But when the Bx12 SBS pulls up , this monster of mundaneness opens up not one but two doors .
If there is a heaven for bus drivers , it has buses with rear - door entrances .
The transit - interested rider , upon seeing a bus this size pull up at a station with two - dozen prepaid fares , breaks out his stopwatch .
Traffic geeks know that about a third of bus delays comes from passenger - boarding issues , and now the doors of the Bx12 SBS open .
The stopwatch is running …
Twenty - two people board ; about four get off .
The doors close ; the bus sets off .
Total wait time : 23 seconds .
Riding on , you see that traffic is heavy .
The Bronx River Parkway and the Hutch are jammed .
The Bruckner looks like a diseased artery .
But the bus cruises down the bus lane , with only one car ( a Lexus with Connecticut plates ) even thinking of getting in its way .
It is six stops to Pelham Bay Park Station .
You arrive in twelve minutes .
On a Friday .
During rush hour .
One unexpected effect of all the recent transit cuts has been that bus-riding interests that have usually gone unnoticed are getting some spotlight .
In Brooklyn , handmade signs announcing rallies have sprung up along closed bus routes , and even Borough President Marty Markowitz , a prominent champion of the car , held a borough - hall rally to protest service loss .
In a way , the bad economy has helped the bus argument .
Talk to any transit advocate , and he ’ll tell you that buses offer the best return on transit investment — especially in New York , where the Pratt Center estimates that building a forward - looking bus line could cost 200 times less than a subway line .
“ If you think about how it costs $ 4.3 billion to build three stops on the Second Avenue subway line and $ 2 billion for a one - stop extension of the 7 train , buses are the only direction Walder can go in , ” says Gene Russianoff , spokesman for the Straphangers Campaign , an organization mostly seen advocating for subway improvements .
In fact , the city ’s urban - planning activists are almost all singing buses .
“ They ’re the smartest possible transit investment there is right now , ” says Noah Budnick , the deputy director of Transportation Alternatives .
Other cities , not just London , figured this out a while ago .
By 2000 , Bogotá had scrapped a planned elevated highway system and replaced it ( for a fraction of the cost ) with buses that have their own designated lanes — the redesigned center lanes of old highways — and off - bus ticketing systems .
The San Fernando Valley runs a Bus Rapid Transit line that has been so popular with riders it ’s been forced to add longer buses .
Cleveland ’s BRT line has successfully converted the city ’s professional class , and earlier this year , the Obama administration awarded federal stimulus money to BRT plans for Hartford .
Another stimulus recipient : a 9.3 - mile bus-centric transit corridor on Nostrand Avenue in Brooklyn .
It will follow the current B44 line ( the fourth - busiest bus route in the city ) and is scheduled to open in the summer of 2012 .
“ The bottom line is buses are back , and people are waking up to the fact that they ’ve never really been out of the picture here in New York , ” says DOT commissioner Janette Sadik - Khan , who has been talking buses since her days in the private sector .
We already have the largest fleet in North America — 6,250 buses covering 900 square miles of territory , much of it in neighborhoods underserved by the subway system .
Sadik - Khan points out that weekly ridership on the Bx12 has increased 30 percent , and in a study conducted last year , 98 percent of riders said they were satisfied with the service .
“ That happens about as often as Halley ’s Comet , ” she says .
Walder is betting that even in “ the new fiscal reality , ” he can make simple changes and that New Yorkers will start to notice the difference .
This summer , he is testing a program that lets you pay by tapping your wallet in front of a sensor ( and charging your fare to MasterCard ) .
He has also begun to install GPS systems on buses so shelters can announce when the next bus is coming .
This wo n’t speed buses up , but it might calm people down .
“ I firmly believe that if you give people the information so that they know what ’s going on , then they relax , ” Walder says .
He pulls up a chair at his Madison Avenue office , relieved to be talking about something other than fiscal pressure from Albany , and asks the essential question : “ How do we make buses sexy ? ”
The big ticket to a bus future has to do with in - street right of way .
“ Bus lanes have to be for buses , ” says Walder .
“ If we put railroad tracks down on space where a bus lane is and asked anyone would you ever stop your car on the railroad tracks , the answer would be no .
The idea that 30 tons of steel is going to come down the street is enough of a deterrent . ”
Walder wants to instill the same ethos when it comes to entering the bus lane , even just for a quick delivery drop - off or taxi pickup .
“ We all have an explanation about why entering a bus lane is a little thing and it ’s okay .
And the fact is that it ’s not okay — the fact is that 75 to 100 people on a bus are held up over that . ”
Walder has targeted six hot spots for immediate bus -lane enforcement .
He says the police are on the same page , and , according to a police spokesman , they are ticketing in bus lanes aggressively .
But there are simply not enough cops to stop people from entering bus lanes unless something dramatic changes on the city streets .
The longest dedicated bus lanes in Manhattan will soon be on First and Second Avenues , where a Select Bus Service similar to the Bx12 will run from South Ferry to 125th Street .
When it launches this fall , passengers will swipe their MetroCards while waiting in the bus shelter .
In the months following , each bus will be installed with signal priority , so that as it approaches an intersection , it will persuade the upcoming streetlight to stay green until it passes .
And yet Select Bus Service is no Bogotá .
As the new service is currently designed , a painted bus lane will run on both avenues north of Houston .
This will , theoretically , provide a deterrent for stray taxis or delivery trucks , but there will be no physical barrier separating the bus lane .
In fact , the avenues will be a patchwork of different configurations , with the bus lane shifting from curbside ( adjacent to the sidewalk ) to “ offset ” ( between car traffic and a lane of parked cars ) , then disappearing entirely for many blocks at a time .
If you ca n’t physically separate bus lanes from car traffic , the second - best way to enforce car - free bus lanes is to install cameras on buses that would photograph traffic violations — cookie - jar cameras , let ’s call them .
In London , similar cameras worked to reduce lane incursions by 60 percent , and in a time when the number of police is dwindling , camera enforcement would seem to be a no - brainer .
But this too has moved slowly : Last month , after two years of negotiations , Assemblyman Jonathan Bing secured passage of a bill that would allow enforcement cameras — a significant accomplishment , though it only applies to Select Bus Service lanes .
Talk of New York City streets in the corridors of Albany can spark flashbacks to the last major New York street fight : the threat to automobile dominance that was congestion pricing .
That plan also was meant to benefit bus service , by charging cars a fee for entering Manhattan below 60th Street and directing much of the revenue back to the MTA .
But despite ( or because of ) the high - profile campaign by Mayor Bloomberg and Sadik - Khan to nudge Albany toward more - enlightened urbanism , congestion pricing quickly became painted by its opponents as elitist : a tax that would disproportionately affect the outer - borough , automobile - dependent middle class .
“ A lot of us think that they are not seizing the full opportunity here , ” says Assemblyman Brian Kavanagh .
“ They are not thinking broadly enough about how to restructure the streets . ”
In this case , however , many lawmakers are more ambitious about buses than the bureaucrats .
When the MTA and the DOT were putting together their plans for First and Second Avenues , nineteen legislators — including City Council members , State senators and assemblymen , and U.S. representatives Carolyn Maloney , Jerry Nadler , and Nydia Velázquez — wrote a letter pressing them to “ take the project further ” and build physically separated lanes .
The DOT subsequently made changes , but it argued that external circumstances ( i.e. , Second Avenue subway construction ) makes separated lanes impossible .
“ A lot of us think that they are not seizing the full opportunity here , ” says Assemblyman Brian Kavanagh , who helped organize the campaign .
“ They are not thinking broadly enough about how to restructure the service and restructure the streets . ”
Kavanagh is not anti-car ; he believes , in fact , that more buses on First and Second Avenues might make Lexington Avenue better for cars .
“ We have to get the balance right , ” he says .
But the shift in balance should not be to increase bus speed slightly ; the shift needs to turn buses into a substitute for rail , with rail - like speeds and rail - like reliability .
Kavanagh says that his fellow legislators are prepared to take flak for risks .
“ We are willing and ready to help facilitate the conversations that need to happen and to sell the ideas to businesses . ”
It ’s an odd moment :
The DOT and the MTA are both captained by mass - transit evangelists fluent in urban best practices .
They are committed to working together rather than at the usual cross-purposes .
They are moving toward a radical revamping of mass transit and the city street .
And they are being chided — by Albany legislators ! — for their limited scope .
Perhaps it ’s post - traumatic - stress disorder .
Although Westchester assemblyman Richard Brodsky , a noted congestion - pricing killer and MTA watcher , speaks excitedly about improved bus service , he ’s circumspect about overzealous technocrats : “ Someone ’s got to be like your aunt , saying , ‘ No , no , dear , that wo n’t work . ’ ” But politicians who are hesitant about the bus future end up groping for an argument against it , and the reflexive populist case for the automobile is difficult to make in comparison with buses .
The most likely explanation for MTA and DOT caution is that there has been no leadership from the top .
The governor supports bus cameras , but given this particular governor ’s political capital , that might do more harm than good .
And the mayor , who can be credited for embracing the idea that streets are about more than cars ( and who talked about Bus Rapid Transit during his 2001 campaign ) , has gone missing .
“ We ’re at the intersection of social change and politics , ” says Brodsky , speaking by cell phone from a car in Westchester .
“ A new paradigm for urban travel is under discussion , and it ’s mostly discussed by bloggers .
Even though it was with imperiousness that only he could bring to it , the mayor ’s PlaNYC 2030 actually started to ask questions about this . ”
Bloomberg ’s third term is unlikely to produce the kind of far - reaching initiatives like PlaNYC — these times , he likes to say , call for sensible solutions to making the city more efficient .
The thing about the bus future , though , is that it ’s bold and efficient .
It is not a heavy lift .
If Mayor Bloomberg — and , presumably , Governor Andrew Cuomo — ca n’t figure out the political appeal of better bus service , it ’s hard to imagine them solving any of the city ’s more intractable problems .
But just when you thought the bus future was lost in the traffic of compromise and political calculation , you get on a bus on 34th Street at rush hour .
This spring , the DOT announced details of what it is calling the “ 34th Street Transitway , ” a bus - biased street that includes , yes , a physically separated bus line .
The street will be reduced to one - way from river to river , and cars will be banned completely between Fifth and Sixth Avenues .
The new 34th Street is n’t scheduled to open until 2012 .
But then again , the present - day M34 is already feeling pretty futuristic .
The bus shelters tell you when the next bus is coming .
When it arrives , you pull out into traffic — only you do n’t pull out , you stay in the lane that hugs the curb .
The lane is n’t physically separated yet , but it ’s painted terra - cotta , and all that ’s in front of you are the taillights of other buses .
And then — wait : one Con Ed truck .
But your bus driver pulls around the truck , and pretty soon you are across Ninth Avenue , Eighth Avenue , Seventh Avenue , and zipping from Sixth to the Empire State Building with no offending cabs or UPS trucks or Town Cars .
A long block goes by in less than a minute .
The glaring intelligence of the idea — put a bunch of people on a big vehicle and keep a path clear — suddenly starts to look like something impossible not to replicate on each of the other thick Manhattan cross streets , like 42nd , 57th , and 23rd .
And , while you ’re at it , the East River bridges .
Pretty quickly , you start thinking of the city as more multimodal all around .
What if Flatbush Avenue had Bus Rapid Transit from river to ocean ?
What if BRT lines finally provided access to chronically underserved neighborhoods like East Elmhurst ?
Yes , the mayor is no longer blowing the bus horn , but cities work in mysterious ways .
One interpretation of the congestion - pricing battle is that the best way to improve a city is under the radar , when not so many polemicists are watching .
And sometimes ideas from elsewhere — like bike commuting or espresso — do creep in and quickly become second nature .
Every time Jay Walder mentions his experience in London , he girds himself for at least one wiseass New Yorker rolling his eyes .
“ There ’s a phrase , ‘ Only in New York , ’ and the phrase means we ’re the best , right ?
But the funny thing is , for some reason we ’ve come up with the idea that it means ‘ Only , we ca n’t do it in New York , ’ ” says Walder .
The question is whether , attitude aside , this city can still recognize a good idea when it ’s staring us in the face .
A Bus-Centric Second Avenue
Photo : Courtesy of the MTA and Dot ; Illustration by Joe Zeff Design
This fall , First and Second Avenues will be redesigned to accommodate Manhattan ’s first Select Bus Service .
The new M15 SBS will introduce some features that have radically improved bus systems abroad — and avoid others that planners have deemed too controversial .
1. Pay on the street
More than a third of all bus delays can be attributed to the time it takes passengers to board .
Here they will swipe their MetroCards at street kiosks before the bus arrives .
2. Enter at the back
A new fleet of buses improve boarding time by being lower to the ground — and allowing rear - door entrance .
3 . Hold the light green
Soon after Select Bus Service launches , buses will be equipped with “ signal prioritization ” technology that tells upcoming traffic lights to delay turning red .
4 . Own the lane
A painted lane will be reserved for buses , and cameras will photograph stray cars and trucks .
But some activists — and politicians — criticize the program for not including physically separated lanes .
The Superbus Worldwide
Major international cities have transformed their public - transit infrastructure for a fraction of the cost of building new subway lines .
The most important element of Bus Rapid Transit : keeping cars out of bus lanes .
London
Guangzhou
Bogotá
Jakarta
Photographs : Top to Bottom , Courtesy of the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy ; Ereissulapdivad ’s Flickr ; Kaveh Kazemi / Getty Images ; Courtesy of the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy
AbeBooks ’ Most Expensive Sales in May 2010
Rare bookselling can sometimes mirror current affairs .
Last month ’s most expensive sales on AbeBooks stretched from America ’s Congress to Islam ’s Mecca .
Theodore Roosevelt ( 1858 -1919 ) , the 26th president of the United States , is adored by collectors of political treasures and one lucky person spent a massive $ 25,000 on a key signed first printing of Roosevelt ’s first address to Congress in 1901 .
We also have many collectors of rare Arabic literature and last month another buyer spent $ 6,000 on a rare 1925 two - volume account in Arabic of pilgrimages to Mecca .
Salvador Dali ’s illustrated edition of Dante ’s Divine Comedy ( sold for more than $ 8,000 ) is also worth a second look – a stunning limited edition from 1960 filled with beautiful woodcuts from the master of surrealism .
Books illustrated by Dali ( 1904 - 1989 ) continue to fascinate fans of art .
AbeBooks ’ Most Expensive Sales in May 2010
1. Message of the President of the United States .
Fifty - Seventh Congress .
First Session
by Theodore Roosevelt - $ 25,000
The first printing of Roosevelt 's first address to Congress on December 3 , 1901 .
His long speech is the equivalent of a State of the Union address , and encompasses his views on all of the issues and concerns at the start of the presidency .
Signed “ Theodore Roosevelt . ”
2. The Divine Comedy by Dante - $ 8,020
A deluxe edition limited to 750 copies , published in 1960 and illustrated by Salvador Dali .
Includes 100 woodcuts plus six color decompositions by Dali .
The Divine Comedy by Dante - illustrated by Salvador Dali , including 100 woodcuts .
Click for larger image
3 . The Antiquities of Nations ; more particularly of the Celtae or Gauls by Paul - Yves Pezron - $ 6,667
Published in 1706 , this is the first edition in English of Pezron ’s Antiquité de la Nation et de la Langue des Celtes ( 1703 ) .
Translated by David Jones .
4. Mir'at al Haramain aw al rihlat ul Hijaziyya wa l Hajj wa masha ' iruhu ad Diniyya by Ibrahim Rif'aat Pasha - $ 6,000
This view of holy sanctuaries , and journeys in Hejaz and the Hajj and its religious ceremonies was written in Arabic and published in 1925 in two volumes .
This copy was signed by the author - an Egyptian Major - General , who completed the pilgrimage to Mecca and Medina four times .
5. Le Lys Dans La Vallee by Honoré de Balzac - $ 5,654
The Lily of the Valley , the original edition published in 1836 in Paris in two volumes .
6. L'Entrée triomphante de leurs maiestez Louis XIV .
Roi de France et de Navarre , et Marie Thérèse d'Austriche son espouse , dans la ville de Paris , capitale de leurs royaumes , au retour de la signature de la paix générale et de leur heureux marriage - $ 5,561
This book , published in 1662 , chronicles the entry into Paris , August 26 , 1660 , of Louis XIV and Marie Therese , after the signing of the Peace of the Pyrenees .
Published two years after the ceremony , the text was written by Jean Troncon with illustrations from the best engravers of the time .
7. Allegory of Music by Athanasius Kircher - $ 5,225
This rare 17th century engraving from around 1650 has been attributed to Kircher and depicts a very colorful group of musicians , including a one - legged keyboard player and various animals and mythical creatures performing from open music books .
8. Weird Tales edited by Edwin Baird - $ 5,000
April 1923 issue of Weird Tales ; the second ever issue of the renowned science fiction , fantasy and horror pulp fiction magazine .
9. Biblia utriusque Testamenti .
De quorum nova interpretatione et copiosissimis in eam annotationibus lege quam in limine operis habes epistolam edited by Robert Estienne - $ 4,850
Latin Bible including the Old Testament , Apocrypha , and New Testament bound into two volumes .
Published 1557 and bound by Fitterer .
Etienne was first to print the Bible divided into standard numbered verses .
10 . Vita Christi Salvatoris Nostri Iuxta Seriem Evangelistaru by Ludolphus de Saxonia - $ 4,624
The Vita Christi is a series of dogmatic and moral dissertations , of spiritual instructions , meditations and prayers , in relation to Christ ’s life .
Published in 1497 .
( CNN ) -- Finland has become the first country in the world to make broadband internet access a legal right for all citizens .
The legislation , which came into effect Thursday , forces telecom operators to provide a reasonably priced broadband connection with a downstream rate of at least one megabit per second ( mbs ) to every permanent residence and office , the Finnish government said in a statement .
" From now on a reasonably priced broadband connection will be everyone 's basic right in Finland , " said Finnish communications minister Suvi Linden .
" This is absolutely one of the government 's most significant achievements in regional policy and I am proud of it .
" I hope that people will make use of the opportunity and turn to telecom operators in the area they live . "
The " universal service obligation " as it is known means broadband access is considered a staple commodity alongside services such as telephone and postal services , according to the Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority ( FICORA ) .
FICORA said it had assigned 26 telecommunications companies as universal service providers across the nation .
It said a monthly fee of Euros 30 to 40 ( around $ 37 to $ 47 ) would be reasonable in most cases .
Finland is one of the world 's most wired nations , and numbers corporations such as telecommunications giant Nokia among its successes .
Laura Vilkkonen , legislative counselor for the Ministry of Transport and Communications , told CNN in October 2009 that 95 percent of the population has some form of internet access .
Statistics released by the OECD ( Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development ) for December 2009 put broadband penetration in Finland at 26.7 percent , compared to 26.4 per cent for the United States .
The Netherlands and Denmark ranked equal first at 37.1 percent each .
A report issued by the European Union in November last year stated that 24 percent of the EU population had a broadband access line subscription in July 2009 .
It added that 80 per cent of broadband lines in the EU had download speeds of two mbs or greater .
Simon Hooper and Saeed Ahmed contributed to this report
A 19 - year - old man who planned to join the Marines this fall has lost a hand and a chunk of his leg after illegal fireworks exploded in his pockets .
Josh Myers was attending a bustling Fourth of July party on Sunday night when he said a floating ember ignited bottle rockets in his back pocket .
The flames quickly spread to his front pocket , which held two sticks of M - 1000 , a powerful firecracker equivalent to about a quarter - stick of dynamite each .
Myers said he bought the firecrackers on the street for $ 10 each .
He said he felt heat coming from the front pocket and realized the firecrackers were about to explode .
He managed to push a 2 - year - old girl out of the way before the blast , put his left hand over his pocket and fall to the ground .
“ At first , I did n’t think I lost my hand .
I thought I just took a pretty bad blow .
But then I ended up looking , and I was like , yeah , I saw it .
My hand was gone , ” Myers said .
The blast seriously injured the girl ’s leg .
Witnesses said the damage could have been a lot worse if Myers had pulled the firecrackers out of his pocket near a crowd of people .
“ The 2 - year - old baby , she got a chunk blown out of her leg , ” said Demetrios Paxinos , who attended the east Oakland party .
“ She had stitches inside and outside of her leg .
But it would have been a lot worse . ”
The teenager , who had planned to join the military in September , is recovering in an Oakland hospital .
“ It took away my dream , which was to join the United States Marine Corps and defend my country , but the thought that just keeps going through my head is it ’s better me than that little girl , ” he said .
In another dramatic victory for firearm owners , the Supreme Court has ruled unconstitutional Chicago , Illinois ' 28 - year - old strict ban on handgun ownership , a potentially far - reaching case over the ability of state and local governments to enforce limits on weapons .
A 5 - 4 conservative majority of justices on Monday reiterated its two - year - old conclusion the Constitution gives individuals equal or greater power than states on the issue of possession of certain firearms for self - protection .
" It can not be doubted that the right to bear arms was regarded as a substantive guarantee , not a prohibition that could be ignored so long as states legislated in an evenhanded manner , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito .
The court grounded that right in the due process section of the 14th Amendment .
The justices , however , said local jurisdictions still retain the flexibility to preserve some " reasonable " gun-control measures currently in place nationwide .
In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer predicated far - reaching implications .
" Incorporating the right , " he wrote , " may change the law in many of the 50 states .
Read in the majority 's favor , the historical evidence " for the decision " is at most ambiguous . "
He was supported by Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor .
Do n't watch this video of oil guru Matthew Simmons on Dylan Ratigan if you 're in the US and you 're about to go to sleep .
The Houston energy banker and author of Twilight in the Desert says we basically have two options :
Let the well run dry ( taking 30 years , and probably ruining the Atlantic ocean ) or nuking the well .
Barring those things , the best move would be to use supertankers to suck up as much oil as possible ahead of hurricane season , when the oil will be picked up , and will paint the Gulf Coast black .
( via TheOilDrum )
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Colleges are exploding with COVID .
So why is this school so safe ?
Tiny Colby College is running one of the nation 's most rigorous COVID testing programs .
So far , it 's working to keep coronavirus cases at bay .
Father 's Day was started a century ago because inventor Sonora Smart Dodd was upset by widespread mocking of fathers in popular culture as lazy , sleazy and drunk .
This June 20 marks the 100th anniversary of Father 's Day , and while today 's fathers have come a long way , some would say they could once again use an image boost thanks to the much - mocked antics of the likes of Tiger Woods and Jon Gosselin .
While it is easy to take shots at dads who mess up , it 's important to focus on the important role of men , said Michael Gurian , an author who specializes in the struggles of men in the modern world .
" Making fun of guys to get them to perform and prove themselves , that 's always going to exist , " Gurian said .
" But we have to equally celebrate them and empower them . "
For Sonora Dodd , the last straw was a church sermon in 1908 , when her priest rambled on about the newly created Mother 's Day and the importance of mothers .
" I liked everything you said about motherhood , " Sonora Dodd recalled telling the priest in a 1972 interview .
" However , do n't you think fathers deserve a place in the sun too ? "
Her father , William Smart , survived the Civil War and then moved West to seek his fortune .
His wife died in the winter of 1898 , while giving birth of their sixth child .
But Smart , with the help of Sonora , the eldest child and only girl , held the family together .
Sonora became convinced of the importance of fathers , at a time when they were not considered that relevant to the family .
While William Smart 's sacrifice might have been somewhat unique in its time , these days 15 percent of single parents are men , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
In addition , there were 158,000 stay - at - home dads in 2009 who raised the kids while their wives worked , the Census Bureau said .
And 71 percent of 6 - year - olds ate breakfast and dinner with their fathers every day in 2006 , the agency said .
Fathers are also good about reading to their children , praising them at least three times a day and taking them on outings , various reports compiled by the Census Bureau said .
At the other extreme , Gurian said 90 percent of homeless and runaway children are from fatherless homes .
Also , 71 percent of high school dropouts and 63 percent of young people who commit suicide are from fatherless homes .
" Without fathers you would have no civilization , " Gurian said .
He acknowledged that men tend to take more risks , fool around more ( see Edwards , John ) and suffer more crippling addictions ( see Sheen , Charlie ) than women .
They also seem slower to mature these days , often living at home into their 20s .
" Father 's Day is hopefully a time when the culture says ' this is our moment to look at who our men and boys are , " he said .
" If we do n't protect fathering , we are going to really be messed up . "
Sonora Dodd certainly did her part .
She pushed for the first Father 's Day celebration , which was held in June 1910 , in Spokane .
Fathers in church were given red roses , and people whose fathers were deceased wore white roses .
Some also credit the invention of the holiday to Grace Golden Clayton of Fairmount , W.Va. , who is said to have suggested to the pastor of her church in 1908 that he hold a service in honor of fathers .
But it was Dodd who campaigned nationally for the holiday .
Mother 's Day was quickly accepted as a national holiday , with Congress in 1914 designating the second Sunday in May .
Father 's Day had a much longer road , perhaps reflecting the societal split involving mothers and fathers .
It was not until 1966 that President Johnson issued the first presidential proclamation honoring fathers and set the third Sunday in June as Father 's Day .
In 1972 , President Nixon signed the law that made it permanent , to the delight of necktie and golf club makers everywhere .
Sonora Dodd died in 1978 at age 96 and is buried in Spokane .
" She was a businesswoman and knew how to get things done , " said Barbara Hillerman , Sonora Dodd 's only grandchild .
Hillerman , 75 , a college professor in Vienna , Austria , will be making her first trip to Spokane in decades for anniversary festivities .
Her father was Sonora Dodd 's only child , John Bruce Dodd , Jr .
She did not know her grandmother well , in part because her family moved back and forth across the country as her father rose in the Forest Service .
" My relationship to her was as grandchild and grandmother , " Hillerman said in a telephone interview from Vienna .
" One of my failures is we did n't talk about Father 's Day . "
But " I sent my grandmother a Father 's Day card every year , " Hillerman said .
RELATED :
> The local environment has been ruined and the regional economy has been decimated .
Now , some elected officials are finding that the Gulf oil spill is a political catastrophe , too .
But for every Joe Barton who managed to say the wrong thing at the wrong time , there are officials who may come out of this crisis without so much as a drop of oil on their careers .
A look at the fortunes of 10 politicians affected by the incident .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Loading Criminal Complaints From the Justice Department
The Document Viewer requires that you enable Javascript .
Houston Mergers And Acquisitions ( M&A ) Attorney
Texas Attorney CPA and Board Certified Tax Attorney in Houston , Texas
Robert M. Mendell , Attorney at Law , P.C. is a mergers and acquisitions , tax law , business , and estate planning law firm based in Houston , Texas .
The firm ’s attorney , Robert M. Mendell , has over 40 years of experience representing Houston - area clients and has handled a diverse range of legal matters over his career .
In addition to being Board Certified in Tax Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization , Mr. Mendell is also a licensed Texas Certified Public Accountant ( CPA ) and has been very active in the Houston CPA community , having taught numerous tax and business law seminars in association with various local CPA professional organizations and holding various officerships and committee chairmanship positions through the years for the Houston CPA Society ( the Houston Chapter of the Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants ) .
Mr. Mendell has also received an AV * peer review rating from Martindale - Hubbell , its highest rating .
The firm has substantial expertise in mergers and acquisitions , tax planning and tax law , estate planning , family limited partnership formation and structuring , probate and estate administration , business organization formation and restructuring , and related legal matters .
Robert M. Mendell , Board Certified Tax Attorney and Texas Attorney CPA
All matters coming before the firm are handled by Robert M. Mendell , a lawyer with more than 40 years of experience .
The firm continuously endeavors to combine a high level of professional competence with a high standard of personal service .
The firm concentrates on these areas of law :
Mergers and Acquisitions — Business acquisitions , business divestitures , mergers , asset purchase agreements , stock purchase agreements , merger agreements , seller warranties and representations , seller indemnification provisions , purchase price earnouts , purchase price holdbacks and escrow reserves , confidentiality / nondisclosure agreements , letters of intent , noncompetition and nonsolicitation provisions
Tax Law and Tax Planning — Entity selection tax planning , tax - advantaged structuring of business transactions , and tax planning for personal matters ; tax controversy and tax resolution matters , including IRS tax audits , tax appeals , responsible person payroll tax assessments , and installment payment plans
Estate Planning — Family limited partnership structuring , wills , trusts , marital property agreements , preparation of other estate planning documents , asset protection planning , succession planning , and estate tax reduction planning
Family Limited Partnerships — Segregation of assets into one or more limited partnerships , asset protection , estate tax reduction , protection of assets against failed marriages , simplifying family transfers to junior generations
Probate and Estate Administration —
Handling of distribution of estate assets upon death pursuant to statutory probate procedures
Business Organizations — Entity selection , formations , acquisitions , divestitures , mergers , conversions , divisions , tax - free reorganizations , sales of businesses , purchases of business , succession planning , and preparation and review of complex business contracts
Tax lawyer , Robert M. Mendell , has taught more than 200 tax , business law and other legal seminars .
The firm prides itself in handling complex legal matters and being responsive to clients ’ questions , concerns , and problems .
Contact our office to speak directly with Robert M. Mendell concerning any substantial mergers and acquisitions ( M&A ) , tax planning , tax law , estate planning , family limited partnership ( FLP ) , probate administration , business organization , or business planning legal matter .
Mr. Mendell can be reached by phone at 713-888-0700 or by email .
* AV , BV and CV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the Judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell Ratings fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards .
You 've seen the devastation .
Now it 's your chance to help .
Tune in Monday night for a special " Larry King Live , Disaster in the Gulf : How You Can Help " telethon featuring an all - star panel of guests joining forces in the Gulf region .
Do n't miss " Larry King Live , " 8 p.m. ET Monday on CNN .
( CNN ) --
While cleanup crews and technical teams continue efforts to stop crude gushing into the Gulf of Mexico , Louisiana lawmakers are proposing a different approach : prayer .
State senators designated Sunday as a day for citizens to ask for God 's help dealing with the oil disaster .
" Thus far efforts made by mortals to try to solve the crisis have been to no avail , " state Sen .
Robert Adley said in a statement released after last week 's unanimous vote for the day of prayer .
" It is clearly time for a miracle for us . "
The resolution names Sunday as a statewide day of prayer in Louisiana and calls on people of all religions throughout the Gulf Coast " to pray for an end to this environmental emergency , sparing us all from the destruction of both culture and livelihood . "
Also Sunday , wildlife officials were planning to transport and release 40 pelicans that rescuers rehabilitated after finding them covered with oil .
The birds will be moved from New Orleans , Louisiana , to the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge in Port Aransas , Texas .
As much as 60,000 barrels ( 2.5 million gallons ) of oil may be gushing into the Gulf every day , new government estimates found last week .
BP said it was able to capture roughly 8,480 barrels of oil from midnight to 12 p.m. Saturday .
The company said it captured 24,500 barrels -- just over a million gallons -- of oil Friday , a little less than it captured the day before .
i Report : Share your views on Gulf oil spill
BP said Saturday that it has paid $ 104 million to residents along the Gulf Coast who have filed claims related to the Gulf oil spill , issuing more than 31,000 checks in the past seven weeks .
There was no immediate response from local , state or federal officials to BP 's tally of its payments .
Meanwhile , oil recovery efforts in the Gulf resumed Saturday morning on the drill ship Discoverer Enterprise , after work was suspended for about 10 hours because of a mechanical problem .
A venting device aboard the drilling ship as not working properly , said Ayla Kelley , spokesperson for the Deepwater Horizon command center .
Other recovery efforts continued during the time that the Discoverer Enterprise was idled , she said .
She said the problem was with a blocked flame arrester , designed to prevent oil from combusting by extinguishing the flame .
A wide open opportunity for thinkers on both sides of the God and no God debate to fully air their opinions in an environment where they can be fairly discussed .
The goal will be to find new ways of contemplating the issue , and even come to agreement if we can find common ground .
Former hot dog speed - eating champion Takeru Kobayashi has been arrested at this year 's event in New York .
The six - time champion , who did not compete in this year 's event , was arrested as he tried to get on the stage after the competition .
Mr Kobayashi had refused to sign a contract with the speed - eating body Major League Eating and was barred from the event at Coney Island .
Joey " Jaws " Chestnut won the contest for the fourth year running .
Mr Kobayashi , the thin Japanese contender who smashed all previous US records in 2001 , jumped a barrier and tried to get up on the stage while the crowd chanted : " Let him eat ! "
' Tsunami '
He briefly resisted police attempts to eject him from the stage , grabbing a barrier as they pulled him away .
The 32 - year - old has been charged with resisting arrest , trespass and obstructing governmental administration .
Image caption Mr Kobayashi had refused to sign an contract with Major League Eating
Mr Kobayashi , nicknamed " The Tsunami " , had written on his Japanese - languange blog that he did n't want to sign a contract that would prevent him from entering speed eating competitions run by other federations .
Mr Chestnut , 26 , won this year 's annual Nathan 's Famous International Hot Dog Eating Contest , winning a mustard yellow belt and the $ 20,000 first prize .
But his winning score of 58 hot dogs failed to beat his previous record of 68 .
In a post - eat interview he reportedly said " if [ Kobayashi ] was a man he'd be up on stage " , provoking Mr Kobayashi , who has been his main rival for the best part of a decade , the news agency Agence - France Presse reported .
The competition has become an Independence Day tradition .
Natalee Holloway Suspect Joran Van Der Sloot Sought in Peru Murder Dutch national van der Sloot last to be seen with murdered Peruvian woman .
June 2 , 2010  -- Joran van der Sloot , the 22 - year - old Dutch playboy twice arrested in the mysterious disappearance of American teenager Natalee Holloway , has been named the prime suspect in the death of a young Peruvian woman found dead over the weekend in a Lima hotel .
Stephany Tatiana Flores Ramirez , 21 , was found at the Miraflores Hotel Tac in Lima , Peru on Sunday in room registered to van der Sloot , who was arrested and released in connection with the disappearance of Holloway , an 18 - year - old American student who went missing in Aruba five years ago this week .
Officials believe Flores was killed exactly five years after Holloway 's May 30 , 2005 , disappearance .
Flores was found beaten and stabbed to death in a room booked in van der Sloot 's name , police said .
A hotel employee told police that Flores entered the hotel early Sunday morning with van der Sloot .
" We have an interview with a worker at the hotel who says she saw this foreigner with the victim enter his room , " Peruvian police chief Gen. Cesar Guardia told reporters today .
The woman 's father told reporters that the she was killed about 8 a.m.
Sunday morning and the room was covered in blood , indicating a struggle had taken place .
Authorities believe van der Sloot fled Peru , passing through customs into Chile , and is on his way to Argentina .
Peruvian officials have issued an international arrest warrant for the Dutchman .
Van der Sloot reportedly entered Peru on May 14 and left either May 30 or May 31 .
He initially entered the country to play in a poker tournament , Guardia said .
Flores left a friend 's home Wednesday morning and was last seen that evening leaving a casino with Van der Sloot , according local media quoting to the woman 's father , Ricardo Flores , a Peruvian businessman and racecar driver .
Surveillance cameras caught the pair leaving the casino together .
A funeral for Flores will be held Thursday , her father told ABC News .
Holloway similarly disappeared after being last seen with Van der Sloot outside an Aruban night club on May 30 , 2005 .
Van der Sloot was initially arrested in Holloway 's disappearance in June of that year .
He was released and arrested again in 2007 , when he was detained for questioning but never charged .
In 2008 , Dutch journalist Peter de Vries claimed he solved the case when Van der Sloot confessed to an undercover reporter to being with Holloway when she died and dumping her body in the Caribbean Sea .
In February 2010 , a Dutch tabloid published a supposed confession by Van Der Sloot in which he said Holloway got drunk and fell from a balcony .
The Justice Department in Aruba was quick to dismiss the details of van der Sloot 's latest alleged confession , telling ABC News , " We have been aware of the existence of this interview since August of last year .
We investigated the claims made .
The Aruban police investigated , with help from specialists with the Dutch police .
Spokeswoman for the Aruban Justice Department , Ann Angela continued to say that their " conclusion was that the statements made by Joran van der Sloot are entirely unbelievable . "
Chief Prosecutor in Aruba , Peter Blanken told ABC
News , " It 's a story that in and of itself does fit in terms of timing .
But all the other things that could be investigated , and that means the story about the witnesses , the house , the height of the balcony , all those types of things do n't add up in Joran van der Sloot 's statement . "
Holloway 's body has never been found .
Sharon Stevenson , in Peru , and the Associated Press contributed to this report .
The Atlanta Journal Constitution , and now CNN , have actually bothered to dig a little deeper , and it 's quite different from what you 've been hearing .
As TPM summarizes her interview with the Atlanta Journal Constitution :
She tells the paper that the incident she was recounting happened 24 years ago , before she worked for the USDA , that she went on to provide considerable assistance to the farmer , that she eventually became friends with the farmer and his wife , and that the whole point of retelling the story was to show how she had managed to move beyond race herself .
And a woman believed to be the wife of the farmer in question confirms it :
A Georgia woman who said she believes her husband is the white farmer referenced in the clip told CNN on Tuesday that Sherrod was helpful to her family and that the couple never felt she was being racist while trying to assist them in avoiding foreclosure .
" She treated us really good and got us all we could , " said Eloise Spooner of Iron City , Georgia .
Spooner said she remembered that Sherrod helped find an attorney to help her husband , Roger .
If that is indeed the farmer 's wife in question , that would make the story we 've all been hearing what 's known as a lie .
TPM goes on :
But none of that part of her speech is in the clip that Breitbart and Fox are running .
We 're on the hunt for the full video .
The local production company wo n't release it to us without the sign off of the local NAACP chapter .
But the guy who owns the production company confirmed to us over the phone that the entire video matches what Sherrod is saying .
So the guy who shot the original video confirms Sherrod 's story as well .
We 'll know for certain after ( or if ) the full video is released , but it appears at the moment that Ms. Sherrod may have been the victim of a smear .
Stay tuned .
**************************************************************************
UPDATE : The farmer 's wife calls in to CNN :
Thanks to Random User Name for the tip .
**************************************************************************
Fox Update :
Here 's why you should never give in to rightwing smear jobs .
Fox News is seemingly acknowledging that the accusations against Sherrod were false , but what is their spin on it ?
Ex - Ag Official Says White House Forced Her Out Without Hearing ' Truth ' About Video :
The Department of Agriculture official who resigned Monday over a YouTube clip said the White House forced her out of her job without bothering to hear her side of the story .
She said a deputy undersecretary " harassed " her with warnings about the attention she was going to receive ...
So there you have it , the new rightwing meme about this whole disgraceful episode : simply pivot away from race - based fearmongering , do a sharp pirouette , and make it all about administration wrongdoing in forcing her to resign !
And all of that within 24 hours .
You have to admire their gymnastic skills .
The Obama administration simply can't continue to allow themselves to be intimidated by this crap .
The lesson , time and again , is simple : no matter what you do , they 're still going to go after you .
So you might as well do the right thing .
*************************************************************************
Action
Special thanks to hangingchad in comments for info on how to contact the Secretary of Agriculture .
Here 's how to share your thoughts with him :
202 720 7100
agsec@usda.gov
**************************************************************************
NAACP UPDATE :
Many thanks to Adept2u in comments .
The NAACP is doing the right thing :
With regard to the initial media coverage of the resignation of USDA Official Shirley Sherrod , we have come to the conclusion we were snookered by Fox News and Tea Party Activist Andrew Breitbart into believing she had harmed white farmers because of racial bias .
Having reviewed the full tape , spoken to Ms. Sherrod , and most importantly heard the testimony of the white farmers mentioned in this story , we now believe the organization that edited the documents did so with the intention of deceiving millions of Americans .
Link
Good for them .
See how easy that was Mr. Vilsack ?
**************************************************************************
RACHEL MADDOW WILL GIVE THIS STORY " EPIC TREATMENT " :
Thanks to Diogenes2008 , who points out that Rachel Maddow will be giving this story " the epic treatment " on tonight 's show .
Be sure and watch if you can .
**************************************************************************
I can't thank my commenters enough today .
Kudos to jeun28 for pointing me to the full video of Shirley Sherrod at the NAACP banquet :
Or , if you can't view here , you can watch it on YouTube .
The video is long , so I have n't had a chance to watch it all yet .
If you do get a chance to watch the whole thing , please weigh in with your comments .
**************************************************************************
PARTIAL TRANSCRIPT : The relevant portion of the video runs from about 16:40 to 21:30 .
I should point out that there does appear to be an edit at exactly the 21:00 mark , though it 's not clear what was edited .
It comes well after the " controversial " part .
Here is a partial transcript that I just did :
Sherrod :
The first time I was faced with having to help a white farmer save his farm , he took a long time talking , but he was trying to show me he was superior to me .
I knew what he was doing .
But he had to come to me for help .
What he did n’t know while he was taking all that time trying to show me he was superior to me , was I was trying to decide just how much help I was gonna give him .
[ audience laughs ] .
I was struggling with the fact that so many black people have lost their farm land , and here I was faced with having to help a white person save their land .
So , I did n’t give him the full force of what I could do .
I did enough so that when he ... I assumed that the Department of Agriculture had sent him to me , either that or the Georgia Department of Agriculture .
And he needed to go back and report that I did try to help .
So I took him to a white lawyer that had attended some of the training that we had provided , because Chap 12 bankruptcy had just been enacted for the family farmer .
So I figured if I take him to one of them , that his own kind would take care of him .
That ’s when it was revealed to me that it ’s about poor versus those who have .
And not so much about white and black .
It opened my eyes , because I took him to one of his own .
And I put him in his hands and felt , " Okay , I ’ve done my job . "
Sherrod here gives some more background on the legal difficulties the farmer faced , and the lousy job the lawyer had done for him , and how she ’d intervened to save the man ’s farm .
She then continues :
Standing at a Perl booth at technical events gives you a lot of opportunities to talk to nice people .
They often ask how do Perl and Python compare .
I try to be diplomatic , even if that does not always work .
Here is what I tend to answer : Size and complexity Perl , the language is much larger than Python so probably it takes longer time to learn Perl than Python but in the end you have a more expressive language .
The standard libraries of Python cover a lot more fields than those of Perl as Python has an approach of batteries included while Perl is now following a " small core " approach .
This makes it easier to distribute simple applications written in Python as they have a better chance of not needing any external dependencies except a specific version of Python .
On the other hand CPAN is the killer feature of Perl .
It has a lot more extensions than Python has .
It has a central location with a standardized installation process and a standardized way of installing dependencies .
Lastly on the application development level it seems that you can find a lot more application frameworks and a lot more ready made applications written in Python than in Perl .
Approach and community
That 's one direction of comparing the two languages .
The other one is the general approach to things .
Python programmers have the idea of There should be one obvious way to solve a problem while Perl programmers tend to think in TMTODWDI - There 's More Than One Way To Do It .
This leads to an interesting clash in the cultures .
People who prefer more centralized governing will tend to use Python and think that it is the right way to do things .
Seeing people use Perl makes them nervous or even aggressive .
On the other hand Perl programmers will think there is more than one way to do things .
One of them can be Python .
This can give them a much more relaxed approach .
At least I hope so .
SEP stands candidates to provide socialist alternative
Prime Minister Gillard calls snap Australian election
By Mike Head
19 July 2010
Newly - installed Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard last Saturday called an Australian federal election for August 21 , giving the shortest time legally possible for the campaign .
A key factor in the snap poll was the decision by Gillard and Labor Party bosses to attempt to shut down all public discussion of the June 24 coup that removed Kevin Rudd as prime minister and the agenda behind it .
Fresh revelations about how she ousted Rudd surfaced at her National Press Club address last Thursday , propelling her to call the election two days later .
On Saturday , in a column headlined , “ Coup leak kills off poll options , ” Dennis Shanahan , political editor of the Australian , commented : “ Gillard ’s alternative was to eke out the next few weeks and try to establish herself as a new leader and fresh start , but the cloud of Rudd disclosures and destabilisation appear to have put an end to that . ”
Recent days have also seen repeated newspaper editorials urging Gillard to call an early election to suppress the stench of Rudd ’s ousting and return a new government before the economic situation deteriorates .
Fears are mounting within ruling circles over continuing mass unemployment in the US , the worsening sovereign and bank debt crisis in Europe and signs of slowing growth in the over - heated Chinese economy .
Rudd ’s sacking , carried out by Labor ’s factional leaders at the behest of the giant mining companies and the financial markets , has sent a tremor through the Australian electorate .
A poll published at the weekend indicated that some 57 percent of voters believed the manner of the former prime minister ’s removal would harm Labor ’s chances of re-election .
The June 23 - 24 coup tore open the facade of parliamentary democracy to reveal , at least partially , the corporate and financial forces that operate behind it .
Labor Party leaders are now seeking to close it again as soon as possible .
But the election itself will be no more “ democratic ” than the removal of Rudd .
Regardless of which party — Labor or the Liberal - National Party coalition — forms the next government its program has already been determined : support for the indefinite US - led war in Afghanistan , deep cuts in social spending , and a new wave of pro-market “ restructuring ” carried out at the direct expense of the jobs , wages and living standards of workers and young people .
At her press conference to announce the election , Gillard used the phrase “ moving forward ” 39 times in 31 minutes .
One newspaper editorial aptly described her performance as “ zombie - like ” .
Likewise , Liberal Party leader Tony Abbott repeatedly promised “ real action ” .
Both parties are determined to remain “ on message ” over the next five weeks to prevent any critical examination of their policies under conditions of the worst global economic crisis since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
The emptiness of Gillard ’s phrase - mongering was made clear in the calling of the election itself .
While claiming that she wished to give the Australian people their “ birthright ” to vote , new voters have only 11 hours , from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. today , to enrol .
An estimated 1.4 million eligible voters — one in ten , and mostly young — are not on the electoral rolls .
Since Gillard was appointed , she has moved relentlessly to the right on every front .
As well as scuttling the proposed super profits mining tax , at a cost of at least $ 7.5 billion , she has pledged to keep Australian troops in Afghanistan indefinitely and has sought to outdo the opposition Liberal - National Coalition in demonising refugees .
Recent days have seen an unprecedented convergence between Labor and the Liberals .
According to the Australian , there is now “ scarcely a centimetre between the parties on many issues ” .
On Saturday , Liberal leader Tony Abbott pledged to leave Labor ’s “ Fair Work ” industrial relations laws unchanged for three years if the Coalition took office .
Labor ’s legislation retains all the anti-strike provisions of the previous Howard Liberal government ’s “ WorkChoices ” regime .
For her part , Gillard has adopted the former Howard government ’s policy of removing refugees to a detention camp in a nearby impoverished country — she prefers East Timor to Howard ’s Nauru and Manus Island — and has declared that there are “ some emerging points of agreement ” between her and Abbott , particularly on asylum - seekers .
Both leaders are cynically using the arrival of several boatloads of refugees in Australian waters as a xenophobic diversion from the mounting economic and social problems caused by the policies of both major parties .
Yesterday , on the first official day of the election campaign , Gillard went further , promising to curb migration and blaming over - population for the congested roads , poor public transport , soaring housing and utility costs , and deteriorating social services in major cities .
Her “ sustainable population ” pitch is a bid to distract attention from the impact of decades of under- funding and privatisation carried out by Labor and Liberal governments alike .
She also stirred , none too subtly , “ White Australia ” sentiment by describing the country as a “ sanctuary ” from global over - crowding .
In a guarantee to the financial markets , Gillard and Abbott have both committed themselves to produce a budget surplus by 2013 .
This will mean slashing social spending to pay off the massive debt left by the stimulus packages that were used to prop up the banks and sections of big business during the 2008 - 09 worldwide meltdown .
In her address to the National Press Club last Thursday , Gillard warned of “ hard choices ” and “ unpopular cuts ” .
The Greens , the third party of the political establishment , have rushed to indicate their readiness to form an informal coalition with either Labor or Liberal in the interests of “ stability ” — that is , of shoring up the existing order against increasing popular disaffection .
On Saturday , leader Bob Brown said he had spoken to both Gillard and Abbott and was ready to work with either .
The Greens have reportedly just sealed a preference vote - swapping deal with Labor , intended to give Gillard the second preference votes she needs to hold onto office and deliver the Greens the balance of power in the Senate , the upper house .
The result would be a de facto Labor - Greens coalition , like the one already in place in the state of Tasmania , committed to imposing the demands of financial markets for savage attacks on the social position of the working class .
The Socialist Equality Party is standing candidates in the election to provide the only genuine alternative for working people .
The SEP candidates , announced today , will advance a socialist program , based on the international unity of the working class against capitalist austerity and war , and the fight for a workers ’ government to completely reorganise society in the interests of the majority , not the wealthy elite ( see : “ Australia : Socialist Equality Party announces its 2010 election candidates ” ) .
Against the Greens , and the pseudo “ left ” groups such as Socialist Alliance , which are promoting the return of a Labor government as a “ lesser evil ” to the Liberals , the SEP campaign will fight for the building of the SEP as the new mass party of the working class , based on the international and historical foundations of the Marxist movement .
The SEP ’s election manifesto will shortly be published on the WSWS .
Tinglong Dai , Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing ; Guihua Wang , University of Texas at Dallas , and Ronghuo Zheng , University of Texas at Austin
The COVID - 19 pandemic has crippled the airline industry .
Passenger numbers are down more than two - thirds from last year , and airlines have been canceling flights and shutting down routes .
The airline industry has been cancelling routes because of the traffic drop - off during the pandemic .
That has an impact on organ transplants .
Michael Ciaglo / Getty Images
It ’s frustrating for travelers , but for patients on organ transplant waitlists , the loss of flights can put a life - saving kidney or heart out of reach .
Our research shows just how valuable each flight route can be for connecting donor organs with people in need of transplants .
It also suggests that the industry ’s great rebooting in the coming years can be an opportunity to help make the U.S. organ transplantation system more equitable .
As business scholars specializing in the fields of health care operations management , business analytics and economics of information , we believe policymakers need to understand the potential impacts of the airline network on organ transplantation as they guide the post - pandemic recovery of the airline industry .
How the industry recovered in the years following the September 11 terrorist attacks offers important cues .
Racing the clock
Nearly 40,000 transplants were performed in 2019 , and yet more than 100,000 patients are on the waitlist for transplants .
Each day , 18 people die while waiting for a donor organ .
Organ transplantation is a time - sensitive operation .
The time between when an organ is harvested and when it is transplanted , known as “ cold ischemia time , ” has a significant impact on whether the transplanted kidney will be a success or lose its function .
For a kidney from a deceased donor , the maximum allowable time is between 24 and 36 hours .
Whenever a kidney from a deceased donor becomes available , it is offered first to local transplant centers that are closest , followed by other centers in the same region , and finally centers around the country .
Every year , about 1,400 kidneys are shipped across regions , typically by commercial flights , and they are racing the clock .
Donor kidneys are viable for transplant for only a short time .
Christopher Furlong / Getty Images
Each flight connection poses a potential danger of missing the time window , as several transplantation professionals described in a recent public forum .
In some cases , life - saving organs have gotten lost during flight connections .
Because of those risks , transplant centers may have a strong preference for direct flights when deciding whether to accept a kidney from a remote location .
Regions with fewer airline connections are clearly disadvantaged .
For example , regular flights make it easier for hospitals near Chicago to share donor organs with those in the Denver region than with other , geographically closer locations , as Dr. John Friedewald of Northwestern University explained .
One recent analysis found that during the COVID - 19 pandemic , normally direct flights used for carrying donor organs long distances have been down 65 % , and some median wait time between flights increased from 1.5 hours to nearly 5 hours .
Learning from the post - 9/11 airline recovery
The September 11 attacks also led to severe disruptions to the U.S. airline industry .
By some estimates , the demand for air travel decreased by over 30 % following the attacks .
It then took nearly four years for capacity to return to the pre-9/11 level .
Such a slow recovery offers a unique window into the effect of airline transportation on organ transplantation .
Using data from the U.S. Department of Transportation , we tracked all the airline routes between 2002 and 2017 , focusing on airport pairs at least 800 miles apart .
Between 2002 and 2005 , we observed 18 new airline routes that connected airports previously not served by any direct flight .
Then , between 2006 and 2017 , another 41 new airline routes were added .
Over our study period , 28,822 kidneys were shared across geographic regions , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing .
We found that each new airline route led to an increase of about 7.3 % in the number of kidneys that are sent to transplant centers across regions in the U.S .
Importantly , we found that an increase in the number of kidneys sent between pairs of airports did not decrease the number of kidneys sent elsewhere and that the overall quality of kidneys did not decline .
Our research showed that it often takes two to three years for new airline routes to reflect on organ transplantation numbers .
https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/Tbr3m/9/
Lessening the inequality in organ sharing
The waiting time for a kidney transplant depends heavily on where the recipient lives .
The median waiting time before the pandemic ranged from about four months in Arkansas to more than three years in parts of Northern California .
One primary driver of the inequity is that most organs are matched locally , and different regions have different supply - and - demand characteristics .
Numerous policies have been proposed for expanding the sharing of organs across regions , but most focus on changing how organs are allocated .
To make the organ transplantation system more equitable , policymakers also need to pay attention to the role of airline transportation .
The airline industry will experience a slow recovery after the COVID - 19 pandemic , and several major airlines are expected to receive billions of dollars in financial assistance from the federal government .
Our research suggests that as policymakers give taxpayer money to airline companies and guide the recovery of this industry , they have a unique opportunity to shape the U.S. airline networks and , in turn , make the U.S. organ transplantation system more equitable .
Tinglong Dai , Associate Professor of Operations Management & Business Analytics , Johns Hopkins Carey Business School , Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing ; Guihua Wang , Assistant Professor of Operations Management , University of Texas at Dallas , and Ronghuo Zheng , Assistant Professor of Accounting , University of Texas at Austin
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license .
Read the original article .
The NHL made perhaps its boldest move since assuming ownership of the Phoenix Coyotes in the summer of 2009 , firing President Doug Moss and promoting team executive Mike Nealy to chief operating officer .
Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly was in Glendale on Wednesday to deliver the news to Moss , who had time remaining on his contract ; those terms will be honored , Daly said .
" Doug did a lot of good things for the Coyotes ' franchise during his tenure with the club , and I know he will do well in the future , " Daly said .
" We just thought it was time to instill new leadership and some fresh ideas on the business side of the operation , and we believe that Mike Nealy is the right person to do that . "
The team has not turned a profit since moving to the Valley from Winnipeg in 1996 .
As financial problems mounted in the past two years , former team owner Jerry Moyes replaced then - President Jeff Shumway with Moss .
Months later , Moyes put the Coyotes into bankruptcy .
Moss continued at the Coyotes ' helm , uncertain of the future through the court hearings and as the NHL bought the team out of bankruptcy last fall .
The league intends to sell the team to a buyer who would keep it in Glendale .
Negotiations with potential buyers have seen a roller coaster of deals approved and rejected over the past year .
Moss struck an optimistic tone in recent weeks about the Coyotes ' future .
Five hundred new fans bought season tickets in the first three days of sales that began this month , almost as many as all the sales of last season , 626 .
One reason : average ticket prices were lowered by $ 2 .
Moss also held his first online chat with fans called " Ask the Boss " on Tuesday , along with General Manager Don Maloney .
If Moss was aware of his impending departure , he did n't show it .
" Interest in the team is at its highest point in many years , and corporate partners who could n't do business with us because of the circumstances are very enthusiastic about supporting the team for this season , " Moss wrote .
" Having said that , there is a lot of work to do and it will be a very busy summer . "
Nealy joined the Coyotes in 2006 as executive vice president and chief financial officer after four years with the Minnesota Wild as vice president of finance and chief controller .
Prior to that , he worked in private and public companies , holding management and financial leadership positions .
" While I fully respect everything Doug has done , I 'm not Doug , either , " Nealy said .
" The NHL has entrusted me to have a fresh look at some things and carry it forward . "
Moss , former president of the Buffalo Sabres , also held a senior management position with the Anaheim Ducks and served as president of the Madison Square Garden Network .
He joined the Coyotes in 2002 after serving three seasons as president of the International Hockey League .
He was unavailable for comment .
Daly said the timing of the firing , a day before the opening of free agency , was a coincidence , dictated to some extent by his schedule .
He also doused speculation that the dismissal was designed to increase the budget for Maloney .
" No , not at all , " he said .
" While we approve and look at the budget as a whole , there 's a budget on the business side and a budget on the hockey - operations side , so the change had absolutely nothing to do with the budget . "
Daly said progress continues to be made with Ice Edge Holdings , the leading candidate to become the new owners .
He said he talked to Glendale City Manager Ed Beasley and Ice Edge 's Anthony LeBlanc and expects an update in the near future .
" I would think in the next week we 'll get together and see where things stand , " he said .
Glendale begins covering team operating losses today , up to $ 25 million , until a new owner is in place .
The city pledged the money as a requirement of the NHL to keep the Coyotes in the Valley for the 2010 - 11 season .
Robert Johnson , a spokesman for Ice Edge , said the group expected to own the team " in the very near future . "
" Decisions about personnel , budgeting or the draft are being made at the National Hockey League level , " he said .
" They have the right to do that until they sell the team . "
More on Mike Nealy
A quick look at the new Coyotes president .
Wife , Brenda ; daughter , Regan , 9 ; and son , Simon , 5 .
Resides in Phoenix .
Previous position was executive vice president and chief financial officer for the Coyotes .
Joined the organization in 2006 after working as the vice president of finance and corporate controller for the Minnesota Wild .
Held management and financial leadership positions for nearly 13 years in public and private companies before getting involved with sports .
Minnesota native .
Graduate of the University of Minnesota .
Honorary Commander alumni at Luke Air Force Base .
Serves as treasurer and finance committee co-chair for the Board of Directors of the Arizona chapter of The Partnership for a Drug Free America .
Has completed 11 marathons .
This story is part of an ongoing collaboration between ProPublica and FRONTLINE ( PBS ) .
A photographer taking pictures for our articles about a troubled BP refinery , was detained Friday while shooting pictures in Texas City , Texas .
The photographer , Lance Rosenfield , said that shortly after arriving in town , he was confronted by a BP security officer , local police and a man who identified himself as an agent of the Department of Homeland Security .
He was released after the police reviewed the pictures he had taken on Friday and recorded his date of birth , Social Security number and other personal information .
The police officer then turned that information over to the BP security guard under what he said was standard procedure , according to Rosenfield .
No charges were filed .
Rosenfield , an experienced freelance photographer , said he was detained shortly after shooting a photograph of a Texas City sign on a public roadway .
Rosenfield said he was followed by a BP employee in a truck after taking the picture and blocked by two police cars when he pulled into a gas station .
According to Rosenfield , the officers said they had a right to look at photos taken near secured areas of the refinery , even if they were shot from public property .
Rosenfield said he was told he would be " taken in " if he declined to comply .
Michael Marr , a BP spokesman , released a statement explaining the company 's actions :
" BP Security followed the industry practice that is required by federal law .
The photographer was released with his photographs after those photos were viewed by a representative of the Joint Terrorism Task Force who determined that the photographer 's actions did not pose a threat to public safety . "
Paul Steiger , editor - in - chief of ProPublica , said : " We certainly appreciate the need to secure the nation 's refineries .
But we 're deeply troubled by BP 's conduct here , especially when they knew we were working on deadline on critical stories about this very facility .
And we see no reason why , if law enforcement needed to review the unpublished photographs , that should have included sharing them with a representative of a private company . "
Leslie Mann flew in from Los Angeles the other day to promote her new film , “ Funny People , ” on the “ Late Show with David Letterman . ”
In - flight , the actress and her husband , Judd Apatow , the movie ’s writer and director , began to fine tune some anecdotes for her .
In the bar at the Four Seasons Hotel , soon after she landed , Mann explained that Apatow , who used to help write “ Letterman ” bits for stars such as Jim Carrey , “ has trained me to be ultra - prepared , to have five stories ready to go .
He gives what I say a beginning , a middle , and an end .
Whereas I ’d just barf it out . ”
She laughed , an intimate cackle that drew amused glances from the nearby booths .
“ It ’s really lazy of me to depend on him to make me sound sensible , but so what ?
I ’m lazy . ”
Leslie Mann Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Turning to the menu , Mann said , “ So you ’ll have the blueberry - lavender mojito ? ”
She was wearing a gray cardigan , a complicated white T - shirt , very short jean shorts , and gold sandals .
So far , Mann continued , she and Apatow had three stories roughed out .
“ First off , we got to go to the Oscars this year , and we sat behind Jennifer Aniston , and there was a lot of standing up and clapping , so I was really able to check her out .
You know how she looks so perfect in all the magazines , which kind of makes me feel bad about myself ?
I thought she must be airbrushed , but I was staring at her ass the whole time : perfect .
The perfect , perky ass . ”
She shaped it in the air .
“ Hair : not a single split end .
Skin : tan and glowing , not wrinkly .
The lesson seems to be , Go in the sun as much as I want , party more , leave my husband , and have lots of boyfriends .
Judd was checking out John Mayer ’s ass , too , by the way .
Also great . ”
The second tale was about “ how these mothers of my daughters ’ friends ask me about pot .
Because Judd makes movies where people are always smoking weed , they think that I ’ll know where to get some .
Do I look like a pot smoker ?
I do ?
That ’s awesome !
But I do n’t do it .
I mean , I smoked it in high school , but I did n’t like it .
All these comedians who hang around Judd , the boys , like Seth and Jonah ” — Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill co-star in “ Funny People , ” as they did in Apatow ’s “ Knocked Up ” — “ used to talk only about pot and porn , but they ’re outgrowing their dirty ways .
Now they talk about duvet covers . ”
That one wanders a little , does n’t it ?
“ Yeah , I lost my focus .
Probably all the pot I just smoked up in the room . ”
There was another yarn , about working with Eric Bana , who plays her husband in the film , and how he has big muscles — but Mann got bored halfway through recounting it , and the conversation moved on to other topics , such as Brad Grey , the C.E.O. of Paramount Pictures .
“ Brad Grey is handsome , ” she declared .
“ Like , he knows how to give you that look . ”
She narrowed her eyes and smoldered .
Did he maybe practice that ?
“ That ’s what it is !
Yes !
Now I do n’t find him handsome anymore , at all .
Oooh , that ’s gross — thank you !
Thank you for ruining him for me . ”
Mann went on to say that she does n’t think of herself as a comic actress .
“ If anything , I take things too seriously , ” she said .
At one point in “ Funny People , ” she slips into a deep , mannered voice that , she explained , was “ my impression of Nicole Kidman in ‘ The Hours . ’
I just try to be a dramatic actress , and it comes out wrong , which seems to be funny . ”
The scorn that Mann ’s characters radiate nearly masks their heartache at being neglected .
“ I ’m not really interested in doing a traditional romantic comedy where everything ties up neatly .
If I tried to do those roles that Jennifer Aniston is so good at , which are from here ” — she indicated her head — “ not from here ” — she framed her gut — “ I would ruin them . ”
What would she have to do to get cast in those roles ?
“ Take a Xanax , ” she said , cackling .
But did n’t she recently star with Matthew Perry in the breezy “ 17 Again ” ?
“ ‘ 17 Again ’ was playing on our flight , ” she said .
“ I looked around , and no one was watching it .
I was like , ‘ C’mon people , what ’s wrong with you ! ’ ” After a moment — not a scripted Aniston beat but a sneaky Mann pause — she added , “ I did n’t watch it , either . ” ♦
It 's still relatively early days for MeeGo , but , judging from this release , we suspect this Linux distribution has a great future ahead of it
MeeGo is an Intel - sponsored Linux distribution designed for netbooks and other mobile devices ( such as Nokia 's extra - geeky N900 smartphone ) .
We tested MeeGo on a Lenovo IdeaPad S10 netbook and were extremely impressed ; we think it 's seriously worth giving it a try on your mini-notebook , and maybe ditching Windows or a " normal " Linux distribution .
Most Linux distributions these days offer standard Gnome or KDE desktop environments ( though some , such as Mythbuntu , employ the lightweight Xfce system , and of course there are numerous distributions that use a completely different graphical user interface , or are command line–based ) .
MeeGo , however , has taken a completely different tack , and done so with considerable success .
MeeGo is a product of Intel 's Moblin project and Nokia 's Maemo operating system , and it has inherited the former 's interface — at least in its netbook incarnation .
An interface is also available for smartphone - type devices .
MeeGo has a tabbed interface , and Google Chrome is the default Web browser .
The main MeeGo interface lacks a classic desktop .
Instead , there is a row of 10 icons across the top of the screen that works like a series of tabbed windows in a Web browser .
The Applications tab lets you run whatever programs you like ; open applications then show up in the Zones tab , letting you easily switch between them .
The applications installed by default include most of the fare you 'd expect from a Linux distribution , though Chrome is the default Web browser and no office suite is installed .
An Internet tab lets you manage browser windows easily , as well as quickly look through bookmarks .
The Media tab lets you access music and videos .
The Status tab allows you to monitor Web services ( only Twitter and Last . FM in the default install ) , while the People tab is home to instant messenger conversations .
The Devices tab provides access to hardware information and settings , as well as the key folders like Documents and Downloads .
Instant messaging in MeeGo .
The MyZone home tab offers quick links to applications , updates from Web services ( such as Twitter ) , links to recently used files , and access to a calendar and task lists .
We were in love with the interface from the very beginning : for a netbook with minimal screen real estate ( 1024x600 ) and limited RAM ( 1GB ) and processing power ( Intel Atom N450 ) , it makes so much sense to ditch the classic desktop metaphor .
We would much rather deal with the large , colourful icons of MeeGo than the Windows 7 interface for most tasks .
The interface was generally snappy , although we would periodically be left waiting when switching to a new tab , for example .
It never got to be too frustrating , however , though you should exercise the same restraint in terms of multitasking , media encoding and other taxing tasks that you would in any other operating system running on a netbook .
MeeGo's Zones tab shows applications that are currently running .
The application repositories the distribution uses by default do n't include OpenOffice.org .
However , we installed AbiWord ( word processing ) and Gnumeric ( spreadsheet ) easily enough ; we 've always generally preferred these apps to OpenOffice.org anyway .
Package management is RPM - based .
In general , we 're fonder of the APT system used by Debian and its derivatives ( such as Ubuntu ) but unless you intend to mess around at the command line , the GUI - based package management tool will make it transparent .
( Our reservations about RPM probably relate to the earlier , pre-YUM days of dependency hell .
Oh the pain . )
If you 're interested in getting geeky , there is a single virtual terminal running ( accessed via Ctrl + Alt + F1 ) , or you can just run a terminal in the GUI .
Running uname -r from the command line gives the kernel version as 2.6.33.3-11.1 - netbook .
MeeGo : Installation
Basic installation of MeeGo is extremely simple and quick — except , as is sometimes the case with Linux , for getting all your devices working .
Using a Sony Microvault USB drive , we were able to install the OS in under five minutes using the default partitioning scheme .
Basic post - install setup ( creating a user account , selecting a time zone etc. ) took about a minute .
One of MeeGo's quirky installation screens .
Feel free to admire the author 's spongy Tux penguin toy .
Our only problem came afterwards , when we needed to get Wi -Fi working ( wired networking was fine ) .
We got the Lenovo S10's Broadcom Wi-Fi adapter working thanks to instructions from MeeGo 1.0 Wi -Fi ; the instructions are easy to follow , but obviously it 's still a hassle to set up .
Overall we were very impressed with MeeGo 1.0 .
There are a few interface niggles — some applications did n't fit correctly on screen , and after closing a program or a dialogue we 'd end up on a tab we did n't expect to be on — but we did n't encounter any showstoppers .
Each time we rebooted we had to switch Wi -Fi off and on again in the Networks tab , despite the details of our network being remembered .
MP3 support is another annoyance : like most Linux distributions , MP3 decoding is not supported " out of the box " , and it 's more difficult than normal to install ( see this thread on the MeeGo discussion forums ) .
Getting MP3s playing in MeeGo is currently a little difficult .
According to Ars Technica , Novell , Mandriva and others are planning to create their own MeeGo - based operating systems .
We think that this development has great potential and are looking to see what vendors can do with MeeGo .
In conclusion , if you have a netbook that 's supported by MeeGo , whether you 're currently running Linux or Windows , give some serious thought to running this operating system .
We tried it , and we love it .
Become a fan of PC World Australia on Facebook
Follow PC World Australia on Twitter : @PCWorldAu
Stay up to date with the latest news , reviews and features .
Sign up to PC World ’s newsletters
Yesterday evening , the Associated Press ran a story where MLS commissioner , Don Garber , basically said that MLS will not field offers for U.S. World Cup star , Landon Donovan .
Garber stated , “ Landon is in my view the greatest player of our generation and an incredibly valuable part of our history but also of our future .
He proved in England last year on loan and he proved in South Africa that he ’s a world - class player and he ’s also proved that he loves our league and really has accepted the mantle of really being one of the leaders of the sport .
It is my hope and my expectation that we have him for the rest of his career because I think the contributions that he makes are invaluable to our future success . ”
While not accepting offers for Donovan makes perfect sense for the league , why get rid of the most recognizable U.S. soccer player , it does n’t make sense for U.S. soccer .
U.S. soccer needs its best players to play abroad where the competition level is higher and where they will become familiar with the players and teams they will face in international competitions .
MLS needs to allow the best players to leave to go to better leagues .
Period !
By not allowing those players that prove themselves internationally to play in Europe , MLS will never get better as a league .
This might sound counter intuitive , as keeping the best players should mean the level of competition would get better ; however , US players will simply not sign with MLS if they know that the league is going to block a potential more to the more lucrative and more competitive European leagues .
Smaller European nations do n’t keep all their best talent at home ( see Switzerland , Sweden , Denmark , Croatia , Serbia ) and countries in other parts of the world keep virtually none of their best talent in domestic leagues ( Australia , most African countries ) .
Many of these countries ’ best players play in one of the Big 5 leagues in Europe ( England , Spain , Italy , German , France ) .
It should be the same with the US .
Some might argue that it would be better to keep talent at home than have them sit on the bench in Europe ( see Jozy Altidore , Freddy Adu and others ) .
While I would agree in principle , I think many U.S. players go about their entry into Europe in the wrong way .
I believe that players should follow the path that Michael Bradley has taken in moving from MLS .
He first moved to a more competitive league in one of Europe ’s smaller countries ( in his case the Netherlands ) and then on to a team in one of the Big 5 leagues ( he now plays for Borussia Monchengladbach in Germany ) .
Following his standout performance at the World Cup , there are rumors that Bradley could be moving the EPL , the league for many that represents the pinnacle of soccer competition .
Under this model , MLS would have players in their early career , helping to develop the skills needed to compete .
Fans would get to see the next generation of USMNT stars and would develop rooting interests in them .
After a bit of seasoning in MLS , the players most ready to move to Europe should move to leagues in countries like the Netherlands , Portugal , or Greece .
Hopefully , at clubs in these countries American players would develop further as players , learning a more technical style to go along with the unmatched fitness that is the hallmark of the USMNT .
After proving their worth in these smaller leagues , players could then move to a bigger league where the competition level would be even higher and where skills could be further sharpened .
If U.S. players followed this formula , I believe that we would produce far more top - level soccer talent and that both MLS and the United States Men ’s National Team ( USMNT ) would benefit .
The simple fact is that U.S. players need to compete on the highest level to truly give the USMNT a chance to compete internationally .
MLS needs to get on board or get out of the way .
UPDATE ( 7/21/2010 ) : Manchester City ’s boss , Roberto Mancini , has stated that he is interested in adding Donovan .
I ’m not a huge fan of a potential move to the Eastlands for Donovan , as Man City already has a ton of wing / midfield options .
I ’m not sure that he will get the playing time he needs .
I still think a move back to Everton would be the best option .
More on the rumor here : http://www.mirrorfootball.co.uk/news/Manchester-City-transfer-news-Landon-Donovan-interesting-Eastlands-article502305.html
6 Pets You Can Eat In Asia
People in the West are accustomed to thinking of two kinds of animals – the ones you love and the ones you eat .
However , this distinction does not cross over to the East , where most of the animals Westerners love are served for dinner .
Check out our rundown of the six freakiest dinners that give the phrase pet food a new meaning .
1. Dog – Bosintang Soup ( South Korea )
This highly prized dish is still served in traditional South Korean restaurants , despite a ban on dog meat in the country .
Pieces of dog are boiled and mixed with green onions , leeks , ginger , garlic and Taro stalk .
A particular mint herb known as perilla is also added to disguise the intense smell that dog meat produces when cooked .
While not exalted for its flavor , this dog meat dish is famous for its medicinal value in cooling the body and improving virility .
2. Horse – Basashi ( Japan )
You may well have had sashimi at a Japanese restaurant before , but perhaps not like this .
Raw horse meat is served with the sashimi and a drizzle of soy sauce on the side .
If you go to a local bar around Japan , you could get this as finger food with your beer .
And if that does n’t scare you , the sweet and smooth meat is also used to make basashi ice cream .
3. Turtle – Guilinggao ( China )
Also known as Turtle Shell Jelly , this dessert is a popular treat all over China .
It consists of a powdered Golden Coin turtle shell mixed with medicinal substances which is then boiled for hours until all of the liquid evaporates , leaving the jello - like substance .
Mass produced and even canned , this dessert is probably available at a Chinatown near you .
4. Tarantula – Fried Tarantulas ( Cambodia )
Believe it or not , this dish is very popular with locals in Cambodia and has even gained something of a cult following among tourists to the country .
A palm sized species of tarantula called an a -ping is caught locally and then pan fried by the hundreds .
They are said to have great natural flavor , with only a pinch of garlic or salt added .
These scary little treats cost around eight cents each .
5. Mouse – Baby Mice Wine ( Korea )
This amazing concoction consists of rice wine mixed with fermented baby mice .
According to local folk medicine , this stuff can help cure all kinds of ailments from asthma to liver disease .
To make it , days old mice babies who do n’t even have hair or open eyes are dropped into a bottle of rice wine and left to sit for about a year .
The finished product has been described as tasting like “ roadkill mixed with gasoline ” .
6. Snake – Snake Soup ( China )
Eaten all over mainland China , this particular delicacy is most popular in Hong Kong .
Here you can get snake meat so fresh , the snakes are still alive when you choose them .
If you are a snake lover , you may want to avoid Hong Kong between November and April , when thousands of snakes are shipped in especially for eating .
Many Cantonese believe the soup gives the body an inner coating to ward off colds and flu .
Link 1
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- The U.S. Coast Guard and BP PLC over the weekend were testing an oil - skimming vessel that may help remediate some of the damage from the well leaking into the Gulf of Mexico that has created the largest spill in U.S. history .
The modified oil tanker , vessel called " A Whale , " arrived in the Gulf of Mexico late in the past week and was being tested for safety and environmental standards before being put into service .
It is owned by Taiwan Maritime Transport Co. Ltd .
Test results were expected by Monday , according to media reports .
The " A Whale , " billed as the world 's largest oil - skimming vessel , is in the Gulf of Mexico to help clean up the BP spill .
Reuters
The 900 - foot - long ship is billed as the world 's largest oil - skimming vessel .
Its owners claim the ship can separate 300,000 to 400,000 gallons of oil per day , storing the crude and returning the cleaned water to the Gulf of Mexico .
Two containment ships at the spill site are collecting about 25,000 barrels of oil daily .
BP plans to double the capacity with the planned deployment of the Helix Producer by Wednesday , according to a media report .
BP 's Macondo well has spewed an estimated 50 millions of gallons of oil , roughly 50,000 to 70,000 gallons per day , into the Gulf since on April 20 , when the well blew out and the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig exploded .
The rig sank two days later .
Eleven workers aboard the rig , owned by Transocean Ltd , RIG , - 4.26 % are missing and presumed dead .
BP has used a containment cap and connecting line to siphon some of the l oil and natural gas leaking from well pipes a mile below the surface .
Some of the spillage has been burned on the surface .
Oil has killed wildlife and rolled up on marshes and beaches from Louisiana to northern Florida .
BP has pledged $ 20 billion for an escrow account to fund cleanup and compensation for victims .
The Obama administration has begun investigations of BP for possible violations of civil and criminal laws .
You know you 're a Californian when you have to ask if the brownies someone brought to a potluck are " special " or not .
But while the casual peddler of edible marijuana on sunny days in the City 's parks still faces arrest , the City 's Department of Public Health has rules for legitimate edible cannabis treats at medical marijuana dispensaries .
For instance , anything that requires refrigeration is right out unless the dispensary applies for an exemption , so you might want to rethink your plans for a soda fountain at your dispensary .
In fact , making anything look like candy which might attract children -- such as candy bars wrapped in packaging meant to mimic popular brands -- is also forbidden .
The packaging does , however , have to state the amount of marijuana in the food , and whether it contains any potential allergens such as nuts .
Only members of a dispensary are allowed to make the products , and if they intend to sell them at more than one location , they need to have a food handler 's permit .
If California voters pass Proposition 19 , the Tax Cannabis
Act that would effectively decriminalize the recreational use of the drug , you can expect similar regulations to apply to entrepreneurs looking to bake goods that will get you baked .
In fact , it 's probably only a matter of time before you 'll be able to get full nutritional information labeled - goods -- so that you can count your calories both before and after the munchies kick in .
Jackson
West wonders what people who complain about the nanny state might say about pot brownie regulations .
A California doctor with a Newton lawyer yesterday sued Apple and AT&T in Boston for [ pinky up ]
FIVE MILLION DOLLARS because of the alleged fraud they committed by shipping iPhones that , in certain circumstances , depending on how one holds them , can lead to reduced reception .
In his class - action lawsuit , filed in US District Court in Boston , Dr. Thomas Gionis says he is an emergency - room physician and that the problem is so bad he is now forced to carry two phones to make sure nobody dies because he is unreachable .
Gionis acknowledges that when he called an Apple store , he was told a rubber bumper would fix the problem , but that that 's not enough to assuage the problems he has ; that he and other iPhone 4 users have been " injured and damaged , " and that he , for one , would never have bought an iPhone 4 if he knew what a piece of crap it is .
Gionis says he bought his phone June 24 at the South Coast Plaza Apple Store in Costa Mesa , CA .
He says he filed suit on behalf of all iPhone 4 users .
Complete complaint .
Israel Escalating Terror in Turkey ?
By Sinan | Aletho News | June 22 , 2010
On the 31st of May early in the morning , almost simultaneous with the Mavi Marmara attack , a navy logistics base in Iskenderun ( SE Turkey ) was also attacked by the PKK .
Unfortunately 7 soldiers were killed in the attack .
This was a very complicated attack and perfect intelligence was needed to attack such a big base .
This attack exceeds the capabilities of the PKK .
Only specially trained units can execute such an operation .
The timing of such an attack raised many questions about a possible link between the PKK and Israel .
Also , it is a widely known fact that the Israeli army has trained Kurdish terrorists since 2003 .
There is an article by Seymour Hersh written in 2004 in the New Yorker describing Israelis training Kurdish forces for use in Iran and Syria for information gathering , sabotage and destabilization operations .
Of course these terrorists would also be used in Turkey .
Hersh also wrote that the Israeli Mistaravim teams were training those terrorists .
Mistaravim teams are one of the most secretive groups of the Israeli army .
Mistaravim is the plural of “ mista’arev ” , the Hebrew slang for “ being an Arab ” .
These soldiers are trained to “ be an Arab ” and go into the occupied territories to capture ( or kill ) a wanted person .
These are also commonly known as the ‘ Arab Platoons ’ .
I do n’t believe in coincidences .
This attack in Iskenderun was to distract the Turkish military ’s attention from Mavi Marmara .
Also this naval base was the nearest base to the incident .
The same thoughts were addressed by high ranking officials and ministers in Turkey .
Military commanders believe there was a connection .
Were Kurdish Mistaravim teams in action in Iskenderun ?
Probably YES !
Looking at some high profile terrorist attacks in big cities in the last few months you can see the fingerprints of highly specialized terrorist teams in Turkey .
The latest row with Israel , and saying “ no ” in the UN to Iran sanctions increases the risk of an terror wave in Turkey .
Clashes with PKK terrorists have increased on a daily basis lately .
The terrorist threat in large cities is growing .
As this article is being written we have news of a bombing in Istanbul .
Two soldiers and 17 year old daughter of an army officer were killed at the scene , 6 others were injured .
The death toll rose to five when two more soldiers died in the hospital .
We should not forget that US and Israel are working together as one in the area .
As the whole of Iraq is occupied by US forces , we can assume that the US is also in this game .
Through their proxy organization PKK , Israel and the US are playing a very dangerous game .
The whole nation knows who the real terrorists are and who is behind these attacks .
Their terror escalation policy is backfiring and uniting the different fractions in Turkey .
That ’s the only positive aspect .
The message is clear :
Do n’t think you can be a major player in the Middle East , Do n’t think you can screw with Israel / US schemes , Sit still as you have done since WWI , Open your air space to Israeli planes when attacking Iran , Obey orders , you are already too big to swallow , do n’t think you can get bigger , If you do not cooperate , a lot of blood will spill .
Shall we surrender to the threats ?
No and no !
We will fight till the end .
We have seen this before many times in history and we know how to deal with it .
The real war is not with the PKK terrorists but with the US / Israel , everybody knows that .
The months ahead will be bloody , lot of struggle and fighting is expected .
I guess that ’s the price we must pay for being in the way and for impeding the incessant acts of aggression and subjugation against our neighbors .
The Hilbert ( axiomatic ) method
We place a locked cage onto a given point in the desert .
After that we introduce the following logical system : Axiom 1 : The set of lions in the Sahara is not empty .
Axiom 2 : If there exists a lion in the Sahara , then there exists a lion in the cage .
Procedure :
If P is a theorem , and if the following is holds : " P implies Q " , then Q is a theorem .
Theorem 1 : There exists a lion in the cage .
The geometrical inversion method
We place a spherical cage in the desert , enter it and lock it from inside .
We then performe an inversion with respect to the cage .
Then the lion is inside the cage , and we are outside .
The projective geometry method Without loss of generality , we can view the desert as a plane surface .
We project the surface onto a line and afterwards the line onto an interiour point of the cage .
Thereby the lion is mapped onto that same point .
The Bolzano - Weierstraß method Divide the desert by a line running from north to south .
The lion is then either in the eastern or in the western part .
Let 's assume it is in the eastern part .
Divide this part by a line running from east to west .
The lion is either in the northern or in the southern part .
Let 's assume it is in the northern part .
We can continue this process arbitrarily and thereby constructing with each step an increasingly narrow fence around the selected area .
The diameter of the chosen partitions converges to zero so that the lion is caged into a fence of arbitrarily small diameter .
The set theoretical method
We observe that the desert is a separable space .
It therefore contains an enumerable dense set of points which constitutes a sequence with the lion as its limit .
We silently approach the lion in this sequence , carrying the proper equipment with us .
The Peano method
In the usual way construct a curve containing every point in the desert .
It has been proven [ 1 ] that such a curve can be traversed in arbitrarily short time .
Now we traverse the curve , carrying a spear , in a time less than what it takes the lion to move a distance equal to its own length .
A topological method
We observe that the lion possesses the topological gender of a torus .
We embed the desert in a four dimensional space .
Then it is possible to apply a deformation [ 2 ] of such a kind that the lion when returning to the three dimensional space is all tied up in itself .
It is then completely helpless .
The Cauchy method We examine a lion - valued function f( z ) .
Be \zeta the cage .
Consider the integral
1 [ f(z ) ------- |
--------- dz 2 \pi i ] z - \zeta C where C represents the boundary of the desert .
Its value is f( zeta ) , i.e. there is a lion in the cage [ 3 ] .
Image caption Hundreds of activists were being coached to Ben Gurion airport for deportation
Nearly all the foreign activists held by Israel after its deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla are due to be deported by the end of the day .
About 120 of the 682 detainees were expelled overland through Jordan while hundreds more , most of them Turks , were due to be flown out .
Nine activists , four of them Turkish , died when Israeli commandos boarded the six - ship convoy early on Monday .
Turkey 's parliament has called for relations with Israel to be reviewed .
The declaration passed by MPs also called for Israel to make a formal apology and pay compensation to victims .
ANALYSIS
The activists are going home angered by the fact that Israel killed nine of their colleagues but their mission to highlight the plight of people in Gaza has been a political success .
Israel 's closest allies are saying more strongly than ever that the situation in Gaza has to change .
How that is done is another matter .
Just like Israel , the US and Britain do not want to give Hamas the chance to claim credit for lifting the blockade .
In pictures : Gaza activists freed Q&A : Israeli raid on aid flotilla Guide : Gaza under blockade Gaza flotilla raid sparks press fury
Some MPs from the governing Justice and Development Party had wanted a much tougher statement , calling for a freeze on Turkey 's substantial military and commercial ties to Israel , the BBC's Jonathan Head reports from Istanbul .
There is a lot at stake for both countries , our correspondent says .
Trade is worth well over $ 3bn ( £ 2 bn ) a year and there are dozens of joint ventures between Turkish and Israeli companies .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accused Israel earlier of a " bloody massacre " over the deaths , which are all thought to have taken place on the Turkish aid ship Mavi Marmara .
The identities of the non-Turkish activists killed in the raid remain unknown .
Ankara recalled its ambassador to Israel on Monday , while Israeli media reports say the families of Israeli diplomats in Turkey have been ordered to leave the country .
Meanwhile , Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak thanked the commandos involved in the raid when he visited them at their base in Atlit .
" We live in the Middle East , in a place where there is no mercy for the weak and there are n't second chances for those who do n't defend themselves , " he was quoted by Haaretz newspaper as saying .
Chants of celebration
Activists were ferried to Ben Gurion airport by coach , flashing victory signs to reporters .
Flotilla facts 682 activists to be deported , Israel says
380 of those held are Turkish .
Others from more than 30 others countries
45 left Israel on Tuesday , 124 deported on Wednesday
Nine dead , four of which are thought to be Turkish
Unknown number of activists injured
Seven Israeli soldiers injured
Four planes were due to fly them out - three Turkish jets bound for Istanbul and one Greek jet going to Greece .
Two seriously injured activists were to stay behind in Israel and were being treated by the Turkish Red Crescent in an Israeli hospital .
About 120 activists arrived in Jordan via the Allenby crossing in the morning to cheers and applause from supporters .
They activists , from Arab and Muslim nations such as Malaysia , Indonesia , Bahrain , Kuwait and Pakistan , were due to travel on to Amman , from where they would travel to their respective countries .
More than 300 activists were taken from Beersheba prison by bus to Ben Gurion airport in Tel Aviv to be flown out of Israel , the Israeli interior ministry said .
Three Israeli Arabs on the aid flotilla remain in custody .
Israel seized a total of 682 people along with the ships .
Around 50 activists were deported early on Tuesday .
The Israeli government is clearly hoping that releasing the activists will relieve some of the pressure its under internationally , says the BBC's Andrew North in Jerusalem .
Israel said its soldiers were attacked with " knives , clubs and other weapons " when they landed on the Mavi Marmara and had opened fire in self - defence .
HOW ISRAEL RAID UNFOLDED
The flotilla of six ships , including the Turkish ferry Mavi Marmara , was on its way from Cyprus to Gaza carrying supplies including cement , paper and water purification tablets .
HOW ISRAEL RAID UNFOLDED
As the flotilla , still in international waters , neared Gaza , Israeli commandos intercepted the boats from air and sea .
This image shows a soldier rappelling from a helicopter onto the upper deck of the ferry .
HOW ISRAEL RAID UNFOLDED
The Israelis say their soldiers were set upon and beaten with bats , chairs and metal poles as soon as they boarded the Mavi Marmara .
Activists say the soldiers attacked them first .
HOW ISRAEL RAID UNFOLDED
As the incident escalated , the Israelis used live weapons on the activists , although the exact circumstances are unclear .
This still from Turkish TV footage shows first aid being given to an injured activist .
HOW ISRAEL RAID UNFOLDED
At the end of the incident at least nine activists were dead .
Israel escorted the flotilla to the port of Ashdod and detained the protesters .
An online maritime tracking map shows the route taken by the boats .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Freed activists have disputed Israel 's account , accusing the soldiers of brutality .
" They came up and used plastic bullets , we had beatings , we had electric shocks , any method we can think of , they used , " Greek activist Dimitris Gielalis said .
The six ships , carrying more than 10,000 tonnes of aid , had sailed from Cyprus in a bid to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza .
Israel had warned organisers that the flotilla would not be allowed to land in Gaza , but had said the ships could land in the Israeli port of Ashdod .
The MV Rachel Corrie , another aid ship with Irish and other pro-Palestinian activists aboard , is expected to reach the point of Monday 's confrontation by the weekend .
Following the Israeli raid , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak ordered the border crossing between Egypt and the Gaza Strip to be opened to allow humanitarian aid through .
International concern
The Geneva - based UN Human Rights Council has voted to set up an independent international inquiry into the raid .
In London , UK Prime Minister David Cameron said Israel 's raid was " completely unacceptable " and called for the blockade of Gaza to be lifted .
The blockade " just strengthens Hamas 's grip on Gaza " , he told the British Parliament .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earlier called the situation in Gaza " unsustainable " .
Israel has maintained control of Gaza 's airspace and territorial waters , as well as most of its land borders , since withdrawing troops and settlers from the territory in 2005 .
According to the UN , Gaza receives about one - quarter of the supplies that it received in the years before the blockade was tightened in 2007 .
The envoy of the Quartet of Middle East peace negotiators , former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , described the raid as a " terrible , horrible and tragic incident " but said it should not undermine confidence in Middle East peace negotiations .
The Human Rights Campaign sent out “ Joe ’s Weekly Message ” — a weekly update from the organization ’s president , Joe Solmonese — detailing the progress of the week of March 19 , on “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” :
Repealing “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” requires strong , decisive actions from our president and Congress , which means that our community and allies must put the pressure on and keep it on .
This week , the message from our community was clear :
The time for repeal is here , and we hold our leaders accountable for delivering it .
Earlier this week , Gen. David Petraeus , the commander responsible for our operations in Iraq and Afghanistan , declared that the time has come to consider changing “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
In addition , two accomplished veterans , Major Michael Almy and Lieutenant Junior Grade Jenny Kopfstein , provided the Senate Armed Service Committee with compelling testimony about “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” failing them .
Unfortunately , we [ HRC ] were appalled by the committee testimony of former NATO commander Gen. John J. Sheehan .
Gen .
Sheehan , who only spent 3 of his 35 years of service under “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” made the baseless claim that the presence of openly lesbian and gay service members in the Dutch army led to the massacre of Muslims in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica in 1995 .
This groundless claim was not only an insult to a U.S. ally , but also a disservice to our national debate on a serious policy issue .
We can make good laws and policies with truth ; lies have no place in lawmaking .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - MI ) , chairman of the committee and a supporter of repeal , rejected Gen .
Sheehan ’s assertions and fought back against his baseless claims during the hearing .
The Dutch ambassador to the U.S. [ Renée Jones - Bos ] also set the record straight and gave openly lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender service members the respect that they deserve by saying , “ I take pride in the fact that lesbians and gays have served openly and with distinction in the Dutch military forces . ”
Funny thing about that e-mail , there is no mention of the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” rally HRC coordinated this past week in Washington , D.C , hosted by Kathy Griffin .
What ’s more outrageous , there is no mention of Lt. Dan Choi and Capt .
Jim Pietrangelo , both armed forces officers who fell victim to “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” chaining themselves to the White House in protest of the policies directly following the HRC rally they attended .
Yeah , HRC forgot about some good , old - fashioned direct action .
Not only is it appalling that the mainstream media largely ignored this incident ( Let ’s be honest , if it were any other group that chained themselves to the White House , all other news would fall by the wayside . ) , but to have the main political action group for LGBT Americans ignore it , it ’s downright hurtful .
We , including HRC , must stand behind our fellow community members .
The Thursday “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” demonstrations and ENDA sit-ins have changed the face of equality .
We are no longer satisfied with shutting up and politely waiting for our turn or when the time is right ; the right time is now , and we must take our destiny into our own hands by demanding our rights and calling politicians and political action groups out on their crap .
I ’m sick of waiting for politicians to get around to us and our rights — equality is not something that should be taken lightly , used as a bargaining chip or an empty promise of hope to voters .
Politicians are politicians , regardless of their party affiliation .
They care about nothing more than re-election .
So we need to remind them they answer to us , their constituents ; it ’s not the other way around .
The floodgates have opened and we cannot keep quiet anymore .
Yesterday the OMB released its Mid-Season Review of the US Budget .
In keeping with the encroaching Beijingization of all data releases , the administration now sees yet another decline in the 2010 budget deficit , this time a reduction of $ 84 billion compared to the February forecast .
According to the budget office , despite a $ 33 billion projected drop in revenues , outlays will see an even greater haircut courtesy of " lower unemployment and government program " spending .
Yet even so , the 2010 budget deficit is expected to hit $ 1.47 trillion and $ 1.42 trillion in 2011 .
Of course , all these numbers are flawed and irrelevant : the confirmation - the OMB 's assumption about jobs projections .
To wit : " With continued healthy growth in 2011 and beyond , the unemployment rate is projected to fall , but it is not projected to fall below 6.0 percent until 2015 . "
One problem with this " assumption " : for this projection to actually happen , it means the US government needs to start creating 245 thousand jobs every month beginning in July through the end of 2005 ( and we give the OMB the benefit of the doubt : if their assumption means 6 % by the beginning of 2015 , it implies a ridiculous job creation rate of 300,000 per month for 54 months straight ) .
Alas , in attempting to present the rosiest picture possible , the budget office is now completely ignoring such useless things as logic and merely discrediting itself with increasingly more ridiculous " analyses . "
Readers will recall that a few days ago we presented the summary findings of a CEPR paper which demonstrated that 2007 peak employment levels will not be met until 2021 , even after assuming a job creation rate of 166,000 a month for eleven straight years .
The reason for this is that all the very smart economists consistently miss the most glaringly obvious thing : demographics , or specifically population growth .
As the CEPR indicated , " Based on CBO projections , we assume a monthly growth in the labor force of just over 90,000 workers per month from January 2008 forward . "
In other words , just the natural growth of America will have added 8.6 million vacancies to the labor force from December 2007 through the end of 2015 .
And since the economy is already in the hole to the tune of 7.5 million jobs from the 2007 peak ( see chart below ) , the OMB is effectively stating that it can bridge the shortfall of 16 million jobs in the next 5 years .
Why , sure they can - if they can somehow create 245 k jobs each month for the next 66 months .
Alas , as the data demonstrates , the only time during the tenure of the Obama administration where there was a positive NFP number , is when the census fudge factor added hundreds of thousand of ( potentially double - counted ) positions , which have now been unwound .
And obviously each month that does not create a net positive add to the economy , means more and more jobs have to be back - end loaded .
In a few months , the economy will need to be adding 300 k amonth to get to the OMB projection , then 400k ... then 500k ...
Soon after that even China will have to tip its hat to the US propaganda machine .
Full chart summarizing the latest set of Goebbels - worthy data coming from the administration below :
Alas , this utter lack of logical thinking is precisely what occurred in the European stress tests : we will have quite a few more things to say shortly about Germany 's Street Test Urban Achievers , the Landesbanks shortly , and how using a little comparable logic and data mining also quite easily refutes yesterday 's " stupendous news . "
• More than 180 lawsuits filed relating to the spill in Gulf of Mexico • Lawyers will allege that BP management misrepresented its safety record
British shareholders are to join a US class action lawsuit pursuing BP for alleged securities fraud over the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster , the Guardian has learned .
American lawyers have already filed more than 180 lawsuits related to the spill , mostly against the company over the environmental and economic damage caused across the region .
BP shareholders – the majority of them based outside the more litigious US – have been slower to table their own claims .
But Robert Schachter , partner at Zwerling , Schachter & Zwerling , said that several British institutional investors had contacted him about joining the class action his New York - based firm recently filed .
He said he was confident that at least one British investor would be named as a plaintiff next month in order to make it more likely that British institutions would share in any payout .
However , BP could challenge the right of British and other non-US investors to recover damages through the US courts .
Lawyers will allege that BP 's management , led by its chief executive , Tony Hayward , misrepresented the company 's true safety record , thereby artificially inflating its share price .
When Hayward took over in 2007 , he promised to focus " like a laser " on safety after the 2005 explosion at BP's Texas City refinery , which killed 15 workers , and the oil spill from a BP - owned Alaska pipeline in 2006 .
But US politicians have been hearing evidence that BP engineers did not follow correct drilling procedures before the Gulf of Mexico explosion on 20 April .
Hayward admitted last month that the company did not have a proper plan in place to deal with such an accident .
BP agreed this week that it would set up a $ 20 bn ( £ 13.5 bn ) escrow account to fund the clean - up and damages for those affected , such as people working in the fishing and tourism industries .
Daniel Becnel from Becnel Law Firm , known as the " Tort King " because of his track record securing substantial damages from companies , said that he and other lawyers would pursue those claims against BP not covered by the escrow account in the courts .
BP and lawyers such as Becnel are already wrangling over where the majority of these cases will be heard .
The oil company wants them to be heard in Houston , where its US operations are based .
But Becnel wants most claims to be heard near where those affected live , for example in New Orleans .
The amount of oil being captured from the leaking well – BP is aiming to collect 50,000 barrels a day by the end of the month – could also expose the company to further litigation .
BP has promised that all the profits it generates from the collected oil will go towards the clean - up , but it is not clear if this is in addition to what the company has to pay anyway .
Camilo Salas , a New Orleans - based attorney , said that the faulty well , which was drilled for exploration purposes , should now be classified as a production well and BP stripped of its licence to operate the lease .
This could lead to a further legal battle over the ownership of what is likely to be a huge oil find .
BP has beefed up its in - house legal department by hiring the Chicago - based Kirkland & Ellis , one of the largest corporate law firms in the US .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jason Warriner , clinical director of the Terrence Higgins Trust explained some of the reasons for the rise
There has been a big increase in the number of people aged 50 and over catching HIV , latest figures show .
The over - 50s infection rate in England , Wales and Northern Ireland more than doubled in under a decade - from 299 new cases in 2000 to 710 in 2007 .
In 2008 there were 7,382 new diagnoses - 8 % of these were in the over - 50s , says the Health Protection Agency .
Experts say the figures are a stark reminder of the importance of practising safe sex , whatever your age .
Other sexually transmitted infections have shown a similar doubling in under a decade among the same age group , and have been rising at a faster rate than in the young .
Promiscuity
Ruth Smith , who led the HPA research , said : " We estimate that nearly half of older adults diagnosed between 2000 and 2007 were infected at age 50 or over .
This highlights the importance of HIV testing - whatever your age .
This highlights the importance of HIV testing - whatever your age Ruth Smith , HPA scientist
" We must continually reinforce the safe sex message - using a condom with all new or casual partners is the surest way to ensure people do not become infected with a serious sexually transmitted infection such as HIV . "
Worryingly , say the researchers , half were diagnosed late .
The sooner HIV is diagnosed and treated the less likely it will be passed on and the better the treatment options become .
Dr Valerie Delpech , head of HIV surveillance at the HPA , said : " HIV remains a serious infection particularly when diagnosed late .
The fact that we 've seen an increase in the number of older adults getting diagnosed , and in particular getting diagnosed late , highlights the need for raised awareness in that age group . "
Lisa Power , of the HIV charity the Terrence Higgins Trust , said their own research had found the over - 50s were now the fastest growing group of people with HIV in the UK .
" This is partly because people are now living for longer with the condition , thanks to better treatment .
Life expectancy with HIV has improved . "
But she said there was a long way to go regarding support for this age group .
" Older people with HIV are living with high levels of uncertainty about their future health and social care and need substantially more support than their peers . "
All of the findings were presented at the Aids 2010 conference in Vienna .
Although $ 5.3 billion in immediate aid was pledged to help Haiti after its Jan. 12 near - apocalyptic earthquake , only two percent , or $ 45 million , has been donated .
Brazil was the first and only country to have donated — $ 40 million — to the reconstruction effort .
It was joined by Norway – with $ 5 million — earlier this month .
The island is full of nongovernmental organizations and other assistance groups working diligently on the micro-level to help Haitians rebuild their country and lives .
However , macro- reconstruction aid on the state - level is incredibly slow .
The Haitian government estimates more than 300,000 people died from the disaster .
Millions are homeless at the start of hurricane season .
This hard - to - imagine scenario is on top of pre-quake conditions of deep poverty , environmental disasters , political instability and decades of foreign invasion and interference .
Jacqueline Cherilus , a fourth - year medical student at Université Lumière in Port - au - Prince , is still sleeping under a tarp with her family .
Cherilus said tents and tarps are insufficient .
“ We need construction .
You see how strong the rains are becoming ?
Tents ca n’t resist that rain .
How long can we live in tents and tarps ?
You ca n’t live for two or three years under a tarp .
We need houses .
We ’re going to have hurricanes soon and flooding , ” she told Truthout authors Beverly Bell and Laura Wagner .
Last week , a U.S. Senate report painted a bleak picture of millions displaced from their homes , while rubble and collapsed buildings still dominate the landscape .
Construction is held up by land disputes , tropical storms and other delays , the reports says , while plans for moving people out of tent - and - tarp settlements remain “ in early draft form . ”
The report puts the blame on donor “ disagreements ” and Haitian government officials .
The United States seems to be part of the donor disagreements .
The U.S. pledged some $ 1.2 billion in immediate aid at a UN conference in March , where $ 5.3 billion from a number of sources was pledged .
Congress is now debating whether to release that aid .
Former President Bill Clinton and Haitian Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive are heading up the effort to raise the $ 5.3 billion .
The World Bank is overseeing the effort .
But “ rich ” countries may be backing off their pledges for help because of the deep and long economic crisis .
After the recent Group of 20 summit in Toronto , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon warned that rich countries may attempt to balance their budget shortfalls on the “ back ’s of the poorest people . ”
While nations may slash their deficits , Ban warned they still had to honor their commitments on Haiti .
On June 17 , Clinton joined forces with Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim and Canadian mining magnate Frank Giustra to announce a mere $ 20 million investment fund that will finance Haitian small businesses .
The fund will seek a “ return on its investments , ” which will be reinvested in the fund , according to reports .
At the same time , PM Bellerive trekked around South Florida drumming up investors and touting the opportunities in Haiti ’s textile industry .
He trumpeted Haiti ’s Nov. 28 presidential and parliamentary elections , even though all voter infrastructure has been destroyed .
He also took issue with the criticisms of the Haitian government in the U.S. Senate report .
Haitian union leaders have criticized the donor efforts , charging financial and foreign interests are calling the shots in reconstruction .
Labor activists in Haiti , Canada and the United States also warn that donor money has to invest in good jobs – not back to sweatshop conditions so prevalent in the pre-quake days .
Truthout reports that much of the aid pledged may never arrive .
“ A lot of it has gone straight back to donor nations , as with the $.40 on every U.S. government aid dollar that paid for the U.S. military presence in Haiti for , at least , the first two months after the quake . ”
The U.S. sent 20,000 troops to Haiti immediately after the quake .
The troops have been cutback to 6,000 presently .
Meanwhile , Venezuela announced June 2 at a conference on Haiti in the Dominican Republic that it would cancel Haiti ’s $ 395 million debt with Petrocaribe .
Petrocaribe is Venezuela ’s program which offers discounted oil , to be paid back over long - term low - interest loans , to Caribbean and Central American nations .
Venezuela ’s Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro said $ 198 million from the debt is available for direct investment in Haiti ’s health and education projects .
Cuba has continued its medical assistance directly to Haiti .
Both countries are critical of the World Bank - supervised donor effort .
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez announced in March the socialist nation promised primary care for 2.8 million of Haiti ’s 9.3 million people .
Since the earthquake , Cuba reports , 23 primary care health centers , 15 referral hospitals , and 21 rehabilitation facilities are “ up and running . ”
Over 260,000 patients have been cared for , 7,000 operations performed , and 1,400 babies delivered .
Cuba promised a “ Haitian National Specialties Hospital ” to train Haitian doctors as their replacements .
Photo : Marco Dormino / UN/CC
According to Bill Press , who contacted the National Park Service , Beck failed to secure a permit for his multiple - personality party :
" At this point , according to [ Bill ] Line [ of the NPS ] , no final permit has been awarded for the August 28 event .
The permit is still pending , and may not in fact be approved . "
Perhaps this is n't an act of hysterical incompetence .
Maybe Beck deliberately ignored the permit requirement to demonstrate his commitment to smaller government and deregulation .
I can hear him now , wailing to the wind that " We do n't need no stinkin permit . "
Who does the Park Service think they are granting permission to use these public grounds ?
The Tea Bagger Bureaucrats are n't having a very good week .
A few days ago the Tea Party convention scheduled for mid-July in Las Vegas was postponed to an unspecified date in October .
The reasons given were a fairly transparent basket of malarkey , as I observed here .
I guess we 'll just have to wait and see if Beck gets his permit and pulls off his shape - shifting affair .
At least we know that he wo n't be there alone , as some bona fide civil rights leaders are now pledging to hold counter demonstrations and have even announced another event on October 2nd , for which I am willing to bet they will have a permit .
[ Update ] : The Park Service is generally averse to controversy , so I would be surprised if they end up denying the permit .
However , they may reconsider if there is some reason to suspect the event might be provocative or if the organizers misrepresented it .
Perhaps we can help by calling the Park Service and pointing out the problem with the charity .
Here 's their phone number : ( 202 ) 208-3818 .
It was 10:54 p.m. and Anthony Bourdain sat in the lobby of the Lincoln Theatre still signing copies of Medium Raw .
Two hours after wrapping his reading and Q&A session , the line had finally dwindled to a dozen .
There was a female security guard who stood , bored and pissed and sneering .
But Bourdain was smiling .
He mugged for digital pics .
He shook hands .
He slugged a shot of grappa .
And weirdly , he seemed to enjoy scribbling his name 700 times in 120 minutes .
Apparently , this guy is even more perverse than his enemies claim .
So , did you get an autograph and a photo with Tony ?
Did you hear his anecdotes about McDonald 's and crack cocaine ?
If not , New Times was there , and we brought you back a condensed transcription of Bourdain 's shit - talking and speechmaking .
No book , though .
Sorry .
Anthony Bourdain :
It would be inaccurate to say that I was ever a great chef .
It 's something I need to remind people .
In fact , none of my dearest friends in the world , as I mention in the book , would ever have hired me to work in their kitchens .
That 's not false modesty .
That 's just simply a bald statement of fact .
When Kitchen Confidential hit , I was standing next to the deep - fryer with no expectation that I would ever be anywhere else in my life .
You know , to me , if I was absolutely certain of anything , even after Kitchen Confidential came out , it was that I would never see Vietnam , I would never see Brazil , I would never see Rome .
I would never get to see all those places .
Now I have the best job in the world .
I get to go do what I want .
I work with friends .
I get to choose where I want to go .
I get to do whatever the fuck I want when I go there .
I 'm a self - indulgent TV writer .
I rip off all my favorite directors .
I 'm drunk half the time on the show .
It does n't suck being me , you know .
So it would be a mistake for people to expect me to be the same guy from the same very limited scope of experience .
But I 've become jaded .
Why is n't Per
Se the greatest meal of my life anymore ?
What 's happened to me ?
You 've got to be in a pretty sorry , twisted state when you cannot really enjoy Thomas Keller 's food like you used to .
But the fact is , I ate a lot of meals at a lot of good restaurants .
I'm that jaded , privileged , elitist foodie that I always detested .
So let 's talk ...
Are there any vegans here ?
Really ?
I 'm surprised you had the energy to come .
[ Laughs ] OK ... Questions ?
Are you going to the Deuce bar ?
Well , now I 'm not .
[ Laughs . ]
What ingredient can you not live without ?
I can't live without salt .
People have gone to war and killed each other for centuries over salt for a reason : giver of life .
There 's one of the great wrongheaded statements of all time : " I 'd never trust a chef who smokes . "
I do n't smoke anymore .
But for years , you saw me smoke on TV .
All chefs smoke .
Maybe they do n't smoke on TV .
Maybe they 're not smoking in a picture .
But they 're either smoking cigarettes or they 're smoking cigars or they 're smoking weed .
This alone is an argument for salt .
But yeah ... salt , butter , pork .
Can you talk a little about the fat problem in America ?
I write about trying to keep my daughter away from McDonald 's ... the king , the clown , and the colonel .
I do n't think we can take the high road .
We have to demonize , terrorize , terrify .
I believe you have to start young .
How hard is it to scare the living shit out of a 3 - year - old ?
Cooties works !
You might mention , " I was speaking to your friend little Timmy , who told me that apparently some kids have gone missing , last seen with Ronald McDonald . "
That 's a winning argument with a 3 - year - old .
You 're not gonna win this on the facts .
I think that 's the only way -- really appealing to our lowest instincts .
It 's unpatriotic to overeat .
It 's eroding our state of readiness .
How are we gonna squeeze down a hole after Osama if we can't get our fat asses in there ?
That sort of thing , you know .
It wins elections , and it might win this .
Are there any restaurants in Miami that stand out ?
Honestly , I really keep my head down here .
Someone will have to tell me the name of the place .
It 's a ways out of town .
It 's Hiro ...
Yakko - San !
Yeah , Hiro's Yakko - San .
That 's the most awesome place I 've been to in Miami .
That 's exactly in my happy zone .
I had a great meal there , a little strip mall in the middle of nowhere .
How do you feel about the Chase card plugs on No Reservations ?
When the fuck did I ever keep it real ?
I 'm not endorsing Immodium , but not because I have any integrity .
I 'm just too vain to be the guy who 's like , " Hi , I 'm Anthony Bourdain and I travel the world and get the shits all the time ! "
In the end , I 'm a whore .
It was never a matter of whether or not I was a whore .
Really , I was just haggling over the price .
I was waiting for the right guy .
And Chase came along and I had a couple beers and he made me feel better about myself at the right moment .
The next thing you know , it 's " Lemme get this . "
Where did the earring go ?
My daughter was born .
I 'm there .
I 'm leaning in .
She turns around and I 'm seeing that face for the first corkscrew turn and almost instantaneously I say , " OK , that 's it for the earring .
The thumb ring 's out .
Obviously , any thought of wearing my Dead Boys shirt is out .
In fact , the leather jacket 's going in the trash .
[ Audience groans . ]
Dads can not be cool !
Is there anything more tragic than some guy in dad pants fucking rocking out ?
He 's scaring the shit out of his daughter , saying , " Do what I tell you , young lady !
Or I will dance !
I will dance in front of your friends ! "
What am I gonna do ?
I 'm 54 years old .
C'mon , it 's fucking time .
What are you going to do if your daughter turns to you one day and goes , " I want to be a vegetarian " ?
I 'll say , " It 's a phase !
It 's a phase ! "
I will live with it .
I will love my daughter .
But I will cook bacon around her every day .
Do you have any scars left ?
No , my hands are soft like J.Lo 's butt .
It 's been ten years since I cooked .
No more screaming and cursing and sweating in the kitchen , keeping it real on the line ...
I 'm bitching about the thread count at the Four Seasons .
Who was your worst restaurant employee ever ?
The worst restaurant employee is the one who absconded with the paychecks for the entire kitchen .
That was a bad one .
Or there was the crazed , ex- Aryan Nations guy who tried to chop wood with his hands in the parking lot and broke his wrist doing it , making him completely useless .
But I 'm thinking of somebody else 's employee , actually .
[ Laughs . ]
It 's Jonathan Eismann .
All of his cooks were complete knuckleheads .
And one day his best cook disappears , and he goes downstairs and finds the guy in the walk - in smoking crack and jacking off at the same time .
And because that was his best cook , he closed the door and said , " I 'll just wait till he 's done . "
Our family law attorneys handle all matters related to divorce and child custody .
We have experience helping individuals meet the specific requirements of stepparent adoption and have counseled custodial and noncustodial parents in relocation matters .
We can protect your rights in a paternity disputes as well as proceedings related to allegations of domestic violence .
We focus on protecting the best interests of the children in every case we handle , and our clients appreciate our aggressive but caring representation .
Bankruptcy Proceedings
If you are struggling to make ends meet and are unable to regain your financial footing , bankruptcy may provide the debt relief you need .
We focus our bankruptcy practice on personal , consumer and small - business bankruptcy , handling all matters related to Chapter 7 and Chapter 13 bankruptcy .
We can help you fight wage garnishment or repossession attempts , and we know how to use bankruptcy law to help you stop home foreclosure proceedings .
We know that divorce and bankruptcy often go hand in hand , and we will advise you about the advantages or disadvantages of filing both , as well as the best timing for both , if that is what you choose to do .
Aggressive Criminal Defense
When you hire our firm to defend you against criminal charges , you never have to worry about whether we will be aggressive enough in our representation .
We use all resources at our disposal to get the best results for our clients , handling a wide range of felony and misdemeanor charges .
Personal Injury
After an accident , our law firm is the first place you should turn .
We provide compassionate counsel and aggressive personal injury representation , backed by more than a decade of success .
Probate And Estate Planning
We guide individuals and families through the important , but often emotional , processes of estate planning and probate .
Whether you want to make sure your loved ones are taken care of after you are gone or you are trying to administer the estate of a loved one , we offer compassionate counsel and , when necessary , tenacious representation in litigation .
Call Today For A Free Consultation
Schedule a free consultation to have your questions answered and learn how we can help .
We can be reached through our online contact form or by phone .
Call our Columbus , Ohio , office at 614-360-2942 or our Huntington , West Virginia , office at 304-519-4354 .
We are a debt relief agency .
We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the Bankruptcy Code
THE spell has been broken .
For years ,
Dell 's seemingly magical power to squeeze efficiencies out of its supply chain and drive down costs made it a darling of the financial markets .
Now it appears that the magic was at least partly the result of a huge financial illusion .
On July 22nd Dell agreed to pay a $ 100 m penalty to settle allegations by America 's Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) that , in the SEC 's words , the company had “ manipulated its accounting over an extended period to project financial results that the company wished it had achieved . ”
The company neither admitted nor denied guilt as part of the settlement — a common phraseology in such deals .
The penalty seems rather light given the gravity of the SEC 's accusations .
According to the commission , Dell would have missed analysts ' earnings expectations in every quarter between 2002 and 2006 were it not for accounting shenanigans .
This involved a deal with Intel , a big microchip - maker , under which Dell agreed to use Intel 's central processing unit chips exclusively in its computers in return for a series of undisclosed payments , locking out Advanced Micro Devices , a big rival .
( Intel is expected to settle a long - running anti-trust case that has highlighted these payments in the next couple of weeks . )
The SEC 's complaint said Dell had maintained “ cookie - jar reserves ” using Intel 's money that it could dip into to cover any shortfalls in its operating results .
The SEC says that the company should have disclosed to investors that it was drawing on these reserves , but did not .
And it claims that , at their peak , the exclusivity payments from Intel represented 76 % of Dell 's quarterly operating income , which is a breathtaking figure .
Small wonder , then , that Dell found itself in a pickle when its quarterly earnings fell sharply in 2007 after it ended the arrangement with Intel .
The SEC alleges that Dell attributed the drop to an aggressive product - pricing strategy and higher than expected component prices , when the real reason was that the payments from Intel had dried up .
A tarnished reputation
As well as a blow to Dell 's hitherto sparkling reputation , the settlement is also a severe embarrassment for Michael Dell , the firm 's eponymous founder and current chief executive .
He and Kevin Rollins , a former boss of the company , agreed to each pay a $ 4 m penalty without admitting or denying the SEC 's allegations .
Several senior financial executives at Dell also incurred penalties .
“ Accuracy and completeness are the touchstones of public company disclosure under the federal securities laws , ” said Robert Khuzami of the SEC 's enforcement division when announcing the settlement deal .
“ Michael Dell and other senior Dell executives fell short of that standard repeatedly over many years . ”
Mr Dell nevertheless looks set to keep his job .
Sam Nunn , one of the directors on Dell 's board , said that it had reaffirmed its unanimous support for Mr Dell 's continued leadership and welcomed the settlement which , it said , “ is in the best interest of the company , its customers and its shareholders .
” In its statement on the SEC settlement the company played down Mr Dell 's personal involvement , saying that his $ 4 m penalty was not in connection with the accounting - fraud charges being settled by the company , but was " limited to claims in which only negligence , and not fraudulent intent , is required to establish liability , as well as secondary liability claims for other non-fraud charges . "
Welcome though the sanctions are , the episode will do little to convince investors that the authorities can effectively deter managers from manipulating companies ' figures to their benefit .
The complexity of corporate accounting offers plenty of possibilities for manipulation that even eagle - eyed accounting firms can find tricky to uncover .
Dipping into the cookie jar is a bad habit that is unlikely to be cured any time soon .
It all started before the Union had even a single player .
Manager Peter Nowak was knee deep in scouting and strategizing for the upcoming MLS Expansion Draft , but he also had something else cooking .
PPL Park was eight months away from completion , yet Nowak could n’t help but think ahead .
The former Bundesliga star had an idea , but could n’t execute it alone .
For something like this , he needed backing .
And who better to come to than the ravenous supporters club that helped Philadelphia secure a team in the first place .
That ’s where the Sons of Ben come into the story .
Two weeks before the Expansion Draft , Nowak called SoB President Bryan James and Matchday Coordinator / Capo Corey Furlan into his office .
This was a brainstorming session in preparation for the first season in club history , the first of 4 - 5 such meetings including one larger one at the Dark Horse Pub .
Prior to the first gathering , the Union ’s head man had already put a lot of thought into a particular goal celebration song .
“ The idea was to find a song that fit with what we were doing before , ” said Nowak .
“ We worked with the Sons of Ben to find something that would translate to what we ’ve been trying to do as a club and something that connected with the SoBs .
If you were in attendance at PPL Park ’s first ever match , you may have already heard it .
If not , just wait until it picks up a little more steam .
Still wondering what song Nowak had in mind ?
Call it the DOOP song and have a listen .
“ I think it ’s a unique blending of cultures for American sports fans , ” said James .
“ First of all , it ’s not a song you ’d normally listen to on your own , it ’s more like cheesy Euro pop .
Coach saw or heard it at ( Bundesliga side ) Borussia Mönchengladbach and said ‘ this is fantastic ’ and he asked if we could do it .
It ’s not too often as a sports fan that a coach of a team comes to you with an idea and says ‘ can you make it happen ? ’
Not surprisingly , make it happen they did .
“ He asked us if we could do it and after two weeks , Corey and I got it around via email and on BigSoccer.com , ” added James .
“ We tried it out , working on it during Meet the Team events .
Now it ’s become a whole thing inside the Sons of Ben .
One guy who I do n’t remember being part of us in 2009 was holding a yellow DOOP sign ( during a match ) .
You do n’t have to learn a lot of words , it ’s just one syllable .
Do n’t be surprised if you start hearing the DOOP song in your head or find yourself singing it on non-match days .
At PPL Park , however , it ’s fast becoming a marker of success .
“ First and foremost , it ’s the perfect song to go with the pandemonium that comes along with a Union goal , ” explained Furlan .
“ People are already bouncing off the walls and screaming their heads off .
It just throws fuel on the fire so to speak .
“ We introduced it to the masses and it has taken off .
It is a simple enough song and is truly catchy , so it spreads like wildfire throughout the River End . "
It ’s only a matter of time before the entire stadium picks up on it too .
Especially since it ’ll be played over the loud speakers after every goal .
“ The fact that the team has decided to play the song after goals has made it even more of a epidemic , ” said Furlan .
“ Hopefully in the near future , it will help us to have the rest of the stadium join in with the Pan - DOOP - monium ! "
You can bet the Sons of Ben will do their part .
They ’ve yet to give anyone a reason to doubt them and they ’re not about to start now .
“ Being an SoB comes with a lot of responsibility , ” said SoB member Tiffany Grooms .
“ We are solely in charge of keeping our team going , win or lose .
A quiet stadium is a losing stadium .
We sing , chant , even create the occasional jig to motivate our team ! 90 ( minutes ) plus stoppage time of non -stop energy .
“ As for the DOOP song , we DOOP when we 're happy .
DOOP is our anthem , our battle cry , our victory cheer .
Our aim is to eventually get all of PPL Park DOOP -ing !
DOOP DOOP DOOP da da DOOP DOOP DOOP ! "
The concept of a goal celebration song is n’t innovative unto itself .
Clubs and their supporters all around the world have them .
The key is embracing one and making it your own .
Along the Chester Waterfront , that process is well underway .
“ Around the world , most clubs have what ’s called a Torhymne or a goal celebration song , " added Furlan .
" I for one will say that we believe we have the best one in the world ! "
Nowak would agree .
It ’s his vision to see the entire stadium ‘ DOOP - ing ’ after every Union goal .
But great ideas die hard without proper support .
That ’s why it was critical that the Sons of Ben were involved in the planning from the very beginning .
“ The most important thing is that we came to it together , ” Nowak said emphatically .
The DOOP song -- and the story behind it -- is just another extension of the close - knit relationship developing between Union fans and their club .
It ’s representative of the type of culture Nowak is trying to foster , and so far so good .
It could n’t be more obvious that his players are buying into the philosophy when you see them jumping into the stands and into the waiting arms of supporters following home matches .
So if you have n’t joined in on the Union ’s new goal scoring tradition yet , why not start DOOP -ing this Saturday when the Union take on the Earthquakes at PPL Park .
Nowak wants you to .
The Sons of Ben want you to .
Your signal ?
The ball in the back of the opposition ’s net .
In the words of Furlan , one of the most passionate Union fans around , “ Welcome to Doop - Doop - Doop - A - Delphia ! ”
This article is from the archive of our partner .
It 's been a strange week in the Nevada campaign between Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Sharron Angle , Reid 's Republican challenger in the coming November election .
It all began when Angle , after winning the GOP primary , changed her campaign website .
Reid 's campaign argues that Angle 's site was rewritten to scrub her more conservative views and replace them with moderate - friendly policy positions .
So Reid 's campaign posted the old site at the URL therealsharronangle.com .
Angle 's campaign responded with a cease - and - desist letter and the threat of a lawsuit if the site was n't removed .
Reid 's campaign complied , made a few changes to protect against legal challenges , and reposted it .
What could possibly happen next in this bizarre battle ?
Quite a bit , it turns out .
What Angle Removed From Her Site Politics Daily's Chris Weber reports , " Its language is from Angle 's Web site as it existed before the primary , including positions that are missing now , such as her calls to eliminate the Education Department and see Social Security ' transitioned out .' ... Reid campaign spokesman Jon Summers said in a statement .
' Sharron has long believed in killing Social Security , eliminating the Departments of Education and Energy and shipping nuclear waste to Nevada .
We 've always heard that Sharron Angle is an unapologetic conservative .
It has to be embarrassing for her to have her handlers trying to hide who she really is . ' "
Legal Challenge Was Right About ' Phishing ' Conservative blogger William Jacobson points out that Angle 's initial complaint also referenced the fact that therealsharronangle.com contained some subscriber forms , that real Angle supporters might have filled out without realizing the site was fake .
" Contrary to the spin put out by the Reid campaign and its sympathizers , the threatened legal action was not just because the Reid campaign merely quoted Angle ’s positions , but the fact that the fake website misled viewers and obtained names and email addresses of Angle supporters under false pretenses .
But now the website is back up , without the spoofing and phishing . "
Angle Still Promising Legal Action
The Washington Post 's Greg Sargent reports , " Now that the Harry Reid campaign has reposted Sharron Angle 's previous campaign Web site advertising her Tea Partying positions , Angle may be heading to court to stop him .
That 's what Angle said on a Nevada radio station this morning .
Asked by her host whether she intends to pursue Reid in court , Angle said : ' We are going to pursue it .
I do n't think that Harry is above the law . ' "
Angle 's Threats Are Gift to Reid The Washington Monthly 's Steve Benen writes , " It 's unclear if Angle 's team intends to pursue legal action , but either way , Reid and his aides have to be pleased .
By throwing a fit , Angle has created more negative publicity for herself , and brought more attention to her extremist beliefs .
If she files suit , Reid benefits with more coverage of Angle trying to hide her own published positions .
If she does n't , Reid benefits by having these positions in public view . "
Reid Sees Scant Merit in Angle 's Legal Claims
The Huffington Post 's Sam Stein writes , " The Tea Party favorite was able to win temporary relief , with Reid agreeing to pull down the old site over the July 4th weekend .
But the Senate Majority Leader 's legal team clearly feels there is no standing for Angle 's objections .
At the very least , the advantages of highlighting Angle 's now - former positions and statements outweighs the potential cost in legal fees from the back - and - forth sparring over copyright law . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
​ The Illinois Legislature is scheduled to vote on a bill Friday that would legalize medical marijuana in the state .
Pointing to medical research showing marijuana effectively treats pain , nausea and other symptoms of debilitating medical conditions , the bill would allow patients to legally possess marijuana if their physicians diagnose them with a qualifying condition and recommend medical marijuana to treat it , reports Chris Kirk of The Daily Northwestern .
A vast majority of Illinois residents say they support medical marijuana , with the most recent poll showing 68 percent support in the state .
The act includes a variety of qualifying conditions , including cancer , AIDS , hepatitis C and conditions causing pain or nausea that are unresponsive to other treatments .
Federal law still bans the possession of marijuana for any purpose .
But the act would provide a great deal of protection for medical marijuana patients because states are now required to arrest or prosecute people for violating federal laws .
The bill is only meant as a pilot program , according to backers , and would automatically be repealed after three years unless extended by the Legislature .
The state Senate has already approved the bill .
It must now be passed by the state House and then signed by the governor in order to become law .
State Rep. Lou Lang ( D - Skokie ) said two weeks ago that it appeared the Illinois bill is a few shorts of the 60 required for passage in the House .
Lang said at the time that he would n’t call it for a vote unless he knows that the measure will pass .
“ What I have to overcome is the basic political calculation that many of my colleagues take , ” Lang said .
“ Ultimately , this is a health care bill .
It ’s not a bill about drugs .
I ’m here for people ’s health care and pain .
We should do this controlled piece of legislation … to help people . ”
Written by Toke of the Town
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SALT LAKE CITY -- Some Latino advocates say the state 's Hispanic population could have a major influence on elections , if it 's tapped into properly .
Proyecto Latino de Utah Director Tony Yapias says , " There is about 23 percent of eligible Latino voters who have never voted or registered to vote , and there is a certain percentage of another 10 to 15 percent who have registered to vote but have n't [ voted ] . "
The effort focuses on ousting lawmakers working at the state level and not on the federal level .
Yapias says similar movements are happening in other states .
Yapias says he does not support illegal immigration , like many conservatives .
But he says many people who are n't Latino feel new rules , like Arizona 's immigration law , deal too harshly with illegal immigrants who are already in the country .
Plus , not all conservatives see eye - to - eye on what should be done about illegal immigrants living in the U.S.
Even conservative groups like the Sutherland Institute have been reported as saying there should be a civil way to deal with the immigrants already here while other groups ask for immediate deportation .
" The general voter in Utah , even though they 're conservative , they 're more compassionate , " Yapias says , " and I believe they are the ones that are going to vote some of these legislators out . "
Proyecto Latino de Utah will work with other groups to vote out state lawmakers who are trying to bring a law similar to Arizona 's immigration law to Utah .
Their first target is Rep. Stephen Sandstrom , who says he 's getting support from Latino groups , too .
" I actually have spoken to two different groups who , just this week alone , that want to support me .
They 're going to come out and testify on behalf of the bill , " he says .
Sandstrom says he believes the move to vote him out over his upcoming bill will fall short .
He says it wo n't get the support that members of Proyecto Latino de Utah are expecting because many Hispanics have become American citizens legally .
" It 's actually kind of a sad state of affairs when simply wanting to enforce the law and the rule of law you 're considered not compassionate or even have the accusation of being a racist , " Sandstrom says .
He also takes exception with people who criticize his bill when it has n't been finished yet .
The bill is in its final stages , and Sandstrom says it will address many concerns Latinos have had with the Arizona bill .
E-mail : pnelson@ksl.com
×
Related Stories
Peter Orlovsky , who inspired Beat writers like Allen Ginsberg , with whom he had a romantic partnership for decades , and who wrote emotionally naked , loopy and occasionally luminescent poetry of his own , died in Williston , Vt. , on Sunday .
He was 76 , and lived in St. Johnsbury , Vt .
The cause was lung cancer , said Charles Lief , Mr. Orlovsky ’s guardian .
Mr. Orlovsky had diabetes and had struggled with drug and alcohol addiction for much of his life , Mr. Lief said .
Mr. Orlovsky was just 21 , recently discharged from the Army and working as an artist ’s model when he met Ginsberg in the San Francisco studio of the painter Robert LaVigne in December 1954 .
The famous story of their meeting , the Ginsberg biographer Bill Morgan said in an interview , was that Ginsberg saw Mr. LaVigne ’s portrait of Mr. Orlovsky and had already fallen in love with the subject when Mr. Orlovsky walked in .
CONSIDER the classic hypothetical : Your house is on fire , and you can rescue only three things before the structure is engulfed in flames .
What would you take ?
Laptops and external hard drives aside , people ’s responses to this question differ wildly — from a hand - scrawled love note to a valuable coin collection or even a threadbare T - shirt that anyone else would consider worthless .
The tendency to consider commonplace objects worthy of reverence and protection — to treat rookie cards like rosaries — is a universal human experience .
Such powerful emotions are not rooted in any specific faith or belief system ; nevertheless , they have a spiritual quality — and many psychologists use the term “ sacred ” to describe objects toward which people proclaim an unbounded or infinite commitment .
If people ascribe sacred status to possessions , then it is no surprise they do the same with their moral stances .
And just as a Beatles compilation is the pinnacle of music to one person , whereas to another it is an album from Justin Bieber , people differ in which values they consider sacred — a diversity that can breed substantial conflict .
The abortion debate , for example , presents a divide between those who consider a woman ’s “ right to choose ” sacred versus those who hold a fetus ’s “ right to life ” sacred .
A few recent studies have examined how people react when their most passionately held values are challenged .
And because these values often play out in the political arena , the new psychological insights may help reframe bitter and long - standing international disagreements .
Your Money ’s No Good Here
A sacred value is more than just a strongly held belief ; it is a moral stance on which the holder will not budge , no matter what the conditions .
Psychologists determine who feels certain values are sacred by looking at how people behave when asked to compromise .
For instance , psychologist Jeremy Ginges of the New School for Social Research and cognitive anthropologist Scott Atran of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor asked Indonesian madrassa students if they thought in some extreme circumstances it would be permissible to accept that sharia ( Islamic law ) would not be the law of the land .
The researchers considered students who answered “ no ” to such questions to hold the belief in sharia sacred .
Others may have felt quite strongly that sharia should be upheld , but if they were willing to entertain the idea that in rare cases sharia could be compromised , they did not , by definition , consider the value sacred .
It makes sense that a value rooted in religious belief would be sacred , but people exhibit such boundless commitment to other values as well .
Some consider it unthinkable to root against their home team or vote against their political party — they would not do so for any inducement , even a large amount of money .
In fact , when people are offered cash to relinquish a sacred value , they tend to display a particularly striking irrationality — they recoil viscerally , even though the proposition is not objectively immoral .
Psychologist Philip E. Tetlock of the University of California , Berkeley , refers to these hypothetical exchanges as “ taboo trade - offs , ” because people react to them with moral outrage ; they express anger and disgust and become increasingly inflexible in negotiations .
Reframing the Debate
In 2007 Ginges and his colleagues discovered this backfire effect in studies of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
They identified Israelis and Palestinians who possessed sacred values regarding key local issues such as who owns the West Bank and other disputed territories — these people viewed compromise as unacceptable under any circumstances .
The researchers asked the subjects who held sacred values to respond to several hypothetical bargaining deals over issues central to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
When the deals included receiving a monetary payout — for instance , billions of dollars in aid from the U.S. in exchange for giving up a disputed territory — both Israelis and Palestinians expressed more outrage and became more supportive of violence as a form of opposition .
Opposition decreased , however , when the scenario included the other side compromising a sacred value of its own , such as Israelis formally renouncing their right to the West Bank or Palestinians formally recognizing Israel as a state .
Deep historical and religious traditions may be at the root of many inviolable values , but an intriguing new study suggests that even relatively recent issues can quickly become sacred to a population .
Psychologist Morteza Dehghani of Northwestern University and his colleagues asked 75 Iranians how they would feel about the possibility of Iran giving up its nuclear program , giving them four response options on disarmament ranging from “ definitely needs to happen ” to “ should n’t be done no matter how great the benefits are . ”
Those who chose the latter were classified as treating the matter of Iran ’s nuclear program as a sacred value .
After giving their opinions on Iran ’s nuclear program , all participants were asked to consider one of two deals for Iranian disarmament .
Half the participants read about a deal in which the U.S. would reduce military aid to Israel in exchange for Iran giving up its military program .
The other half read about a deal in which the U.S. would reduce aid to Israel and would also pay Iran $ 40 billion .
After considering these proposals , participants predicted how much the Iranian people would support the agreement and how much anger they would feel toward the deal .
In line with Ginges ’s studies , those who considered the nuclear program a sacred value expressed less support and more anger when the deal included money — even though that arrangement was objectively more beneficial to Iran .
The other study subjects were more likely to appreciate the offer of aid .
The implication for international negotiation is clear : when a value becomes sacred , the rules change — offering money hurts instead of helps .
Conflicts may be best resolved when both sides consider compromising something they hold dear .
Choosing the right words may help , too — Tetlock ’s studies have shown that emphasizing the dire , necessary nature of a trade - off can facilitate conflict resolution .
For example , people are more willing to sell their body organs for medical transplants when told it is the only way to prevent deaths .
Initially , selling organs feels like a violation , but that gut reaction changes when alternative sacred values are invoked : altruism and saving lives .
Whatever the subject of discussion may be , when sacred values are on the negotiating table , it pays to understand the psychology of the taboo trade - off .
Druggie gets into a fight with a motorist , runs around stopping traffic and then attempts a carjacking only to get taken down by the police .
It may have taken longer than expected , but a replacement for the Kindle 2 has arrived .
The addition of Wi-Fi and an aggressive $ 139 starting price make the new eReader a formidable upgrade .
Advertisement
The new Kindle is 21 percent smaller and 15 percent lighter than the Kindle 2 , great for those like me who enjoy reading in bed .
Even with a smaller form factor , the familiar 6 - inch screen is still present with 50 % better contrast ( same as the Kindle DX ) .
Improved contrast and font rendering are n't particularly noticeable for books , partly because it was never an issue with the Kindle 2 , but the changes are nice for reading newspapers .
The internal memory was doubled to 4GB , capable of holding roughly 3,500 books .
A $ 189 Wi-Fi plus 3G model and $ 139 Wi-Fi only model will be available for pre-order today .
Advertisement
A notable feature of the new Kindle is an experimental WebKit browser .
The experimental nature of the browser is quite glaring ; pages take a while to load and do n't always render correctly and the directional controls make web - browsing a clunky experience .
The saving grace of the current browser is an ‘ article mode ' that converts web pages into an easier to read article format .
While the browsing experience on Kindle is n't fully fleshed out yet , it 's a good step in the right direction in terms of adding utility to the reader .
The new Kindle is without a doubt improved , but the whole experience is still sluggish ; page turns are 20 percent faster but still feel slow , especially compared to the Kindle iPad app .
While some additional zip and ePub support would be nice , improved ergonomics and a lower entry price make the new Kindle as enticing as ever .
80 SHARES Share Tweet
Record harvests are unable to keep up with population growth , along with land scarcity , water scarcity are now emerging as serious constraints on effort to expand world food production especially in developing economies .
Growth in irrigation is falling behind population growth leading to a steady shrinkage in irrigated area per person .
In China , the yellow river , one of the northernmost of China ’s two major rivers , was drained dry by withdrawal from upstream provinces , failing to make it to the sea for 226 days out of 365 days in a year .
Population growth is not the only source of increasing demand for food but dietary changes over the last century , there has been a growing appetite for animal protein as income increasing noted Lester Brown , of World Watch Institute .
When people have increased their income , they tend to eat more meat .
Increasing purchasing power in some areas has led to the consumption of more meat which requires a lot of grains to produce .
World ’s demand for protein has increased , world fish catch increase nearly five fold ( from 19 million tons to 93 million tons ) .
Meat production ( beef , pork and poultry ) has climbed ( from 44 million tons to 211 million tons ) .
The enormous growth in world population and economic activity has had its most visible effect on the earth ’s rain forest .
About 200 million hectares of forests were lost between 1980 and 1995 , an area larger than the cropland of the US .
One of the consequence in the destruction of forests and other habitat is the accelerating loss of bird species which already threaten with extinction .
A massive data theft from the e-commerce company Digital River has led investigators to hackers in India and a 20 - year - old in New York who allegedly tried to sell the information to a Colorado marketing firm for half a million dollars .
The Eden Prairie , Minn. , company obtained a secret court order last month to block Eric Porat of Brooklyn from selling , destroying , altering or distributing purloined data on nearly 200,000 individuals .
Digital River suspects the information was stolen by hackers in New Delhi , possibly with inside help .
Porat has said he got the information from India , but wo n't say how or from whom .
" I fully suspect that Mr. Porat hacked the hacker , " said Christopher Madel , an attorney with Robins , Kaplan , Miller and Ciresi who is overseeing Digital River 's investigation .
The matter came to light Thursday afternoon when U.S. District Judge Donovan Frank convened a public status conference in the case .
The hearing was posted on the court docket without listing any of the parties involved .
A reporter attended the hearing , and Frank ordered all previously filed documents to be unsealed without objection .
Frank , who co-chairs a committee on public access to the federal courts in Minnesota , said he temporarily allowed the civil case to be filed under seal -- and without notice to the defense -- so that Digital River could issue subpoenas and safeguard evidence that might otherwise be destroyed or disappear .
Digital River Marketing Solutions Inc. filed the lawsuit under seal on May 13 listing Porat and his company Affiliads LLC , as defendants and demanding to know how they obtained the firm 's data and what they 've done with it .
The data was originally gathered by companies that offer " affiliated marketing " programs , a practice in which businesses pay a commission to affiliates who post links on the Internet that drive customers to participating companies .
The affiliates get paid when consumers buy something , make an inquiry or provide a sales lead .
Direct Response Technologies , a Digital River subsidiary based in Pittsburgh , Penn. , sells a leading software program called DirectTrack to help companies create and manage affiliated marketing programs .
Data gathered by the program gets stored on Digital River 's servers , and access to it is tightly restricted with passwords and other security measures , the company says .
Since the lawsuit was filed , Porat has tried to be as forthcoming as possible without waiving his constitutional rights , said his attorney , Joseph Nierman , of Passaic , N.J .
He noted that Porat participated in a deposition with the plaintiffs that lasted nearly six hours .
Madel said that while Porat has cooperated , he also invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self - incrimination " about 26 times , " refusing to explain how he got the data , or from whom .
" I am very reluctant to say that Mr. Porat has been forthcoming " with everything he knows , Madel said .
Porat said Thursday evening that he was too busy to talk to a reporter .
Regardless of how he got the data , the suit alleges that Porat tried to sell it for $ 500,000 to Media Breakaway , a Westminster , Colo . - based marketing firm , as well as to some of its competitors .
Court records say that Porat had been an affiliate of Media Breakaway , collecting commissions totaling $ 1,600 for driving consumer traffic to the firm .
According to Media Breakaway records , they initially spurned Porat 's offer .
When he persisted , the company notified Digital River and helped the FBI to investigate the matter .
Madel disclosed Thursday that a federal grand jury is investigating the alleged data theft under the direction of Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Rank , one of the prosecutors in the trial of convicted Ponzi schemer Tom Petters .
Porat , who lives at home with his parents , claimed in e-mails and instant messages with Media Breakaway that he had consumer - tracking information from a dozen different companies , including names , e-mail addresses , websites , company names and unique user - identification numbers for 198,398 individuals .
These data are valuable to companies seeking targeted marketing lists of potential customers .
Scott Richter , CEO of Media Breakaway , said in a court filing that Porat claimed to be offering the DirectTrack data to the highest bidder .
He said Porat told him he got the data from a former consultant for Digital River , who captured it during an enhancement of the DirectTrack data system when security systems were taken down temporarily .
Gary Olden , vice president of product management at Digital River Marketing , said in a court filing that an internal investigation found that the stolen data was accessed Jan. 27 from four different computers linked to a DirectTrack customer in New Delhi named VCommission , or Vaxat iTech Pvt. Ltd .
He said the data was downloaded using a " highly unusual " search command .
Olden said he could find only one other instance where that type of command was used to access DirectTrack data .
It took place six hours after the command was issued in India , and it came from another customer , Clickbooth / IntegraClick , a marketing firm in Sarasota , Fla .
In that case , though , the user only accessed Clickbooth / IntegraClick 's own data , he said .
Olden said his customers and clients view data security as an important component of DirectTrack , as they have " a significant interest in ensuring that their customer lists are not made available to their competitors ( let alone sold to the highest bidder ) . "
Explore further TD Ameritrade data theft settlement gets court OK
( c ) 2010 , Star Tribune ( Minneapolis )
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
More than 70 % of people find advertising ' sinister ' and ' devian ' if they dislike the company and social media enhances those feelings , a University of Melbourne study has found .
Dr Brent Coker , from the Faculty of Business and Economics , says social media is to blame for making consumers ‘ wiser ’ , as people are now more likely to read online reviews before making a purchase than to naively believe advertising claims of having the best product .
“ When a consumer evaluates a product to purchase by using online channels , we adjust our attitudes according to the valence of information .
It ’s a no brainer .
Who are we more likely to believe : the claims and promises of corporations , or the buzz and recommendations on Twitter and Facebook ? ” he says .
Dr Coker completed two experiments to examine what effect this change in consumer shopping behaviour has had on consumer perceptions towards advertising .
In the first , three groups watched an ‘ emotive ’ mobile phone ad - one with no sponsor or logo attribution , one where the sponsor was a disliked brand and the third where the sponsor was a liked brand .
The second experiment was similar , however the ad was classified as more informative .
The study found 51 % of those who saw the disliked brand ad found it ‘ dishonest ’ , while 70 % also found it ‘ deviant ’ .
Participants also hated the brand more than before they saw the advertisement , because of sinister attributions .
Only 26 % of those in this group found the ad ‘ meaningful ’ , compared to 67 % of those who saw the unbranded version .
“ Open ended questions and analysis found that people resented the disliked company for making an otherwise great ad , and trying to convince them they were good , when people really did n’t like the company in the first place , ” says Dr Coker .
“ When asked why they rated the brand as they did , the overwhelming response was due to evaluations they had read online in social media forums .
If a company is already disliked , good advertising can actually ‘ go bad ’ .
Spending thousands to turn things around may actually just make things worse . ”
Dr Coker says consumers are more likely to experience ' Sinister Attributions ’ when exposed to corporate marketing - an instinctive survival mechanism that stops us being naive in the wild when being hunted by predators .
" Recent research has found evidence of the same attributions being released from salespeople , who are becoming increasingly creative in the hunt for customers . ”
“ For a company that is already on the radar of consumers , this means that extremely well crafted - and expensive - advertisements can evoke Sinister Attributions in consumers .
The consumer ’s reaction is often ‘ I hate this company for trying to talk me into liking them ’ .
More exposure to community attitudes through reading blogs , Facebook , and Twitter enhances such feelings , says Dr Coker .
“ Corporations are now more transparent as negative buzz transfers almost instantly , reaching millions of people .
Corporations can no longer afford to pull the wool over consumer 's eyes .
The burger in the box that does n't look like the picture is no longer acceptable . ”
Explore further Advergames : Theme of Game is Secret to Success
Former Daily Mirror editor reported to have signed £ 5.5 m four - year deal to take over from veteran talkshow host
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The former Daily Mirror editor , Piers Morgan , is reportedly poised to replace veteran talkshow host Larry King on US news channel CNN .
Morgan has signed a £ 5.5 m , four - year deal with CNN to replace King , according to today 's Sun .
This follows reports in the US media yesterday that NBC had agreed to share Morgan with CNN , clearing the way for negotiations to begin .
Morgan is contracted to NBC as a judge on America 's Got Talent .
King announced his retirement last month and a host of rivals , many of them better known in America , were in the running to replace him on his nightly interview slot .
They included American Idol host Ryan Seacrest and CBS News presenter Katie Couric .
Morgan , 45 , who celebrated his marriage to Daily Telegraph journalist Celia Walden at a lavish party last month , is believed to have impressed CNN executives with his interviewing style .
Talks were complicated by Morgan 's commitments to NBC .
His NBC contract prevented him from taking on extra work that clashed with the show , but this has now reportedly been resolved .
Many of the interviews for the CNN show , broadcast in the key 9 pm slot on the US east coast , are recorded and Morgan will still have time to star in the NBC talent contest .
He is also expected to continue to make one - off shows for ITV as well as another two series of interview show Piers Morgan 's Life Stories , each running to 12 programmes .
CNN is losing a ratings war with Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News .
Last month it announced that disgraced former New York governor Eliot Spitzer would be joining as a future co-host of a new 8 pm show .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
OK , the headline overstates the case a bit .
But the same way that having heavy friends makes you more likely to put on weight , having unemployed friends makes you more content to remain unemployed , according to a new World Bank study ( via Economix ) :
The lesson to be drawn by these findings is that one 's employment decisions have a strong externality on other 's labor supply and job search effort , through comparison effects .
Upon losing a job , if a relevant other is also jobless then both individuals search with less intensity .
In the opposite scenario , if all relevant others are employed , search intensity increases for the unemployed ...
If others are unemployed , I will search less and extend my unemployment duration , in turn affecting others ' return to work .
This makes sense , and it's both comforting and unnerving .
It 's comforting to know that having company in the struggle against unemployment can ease the psychological trauma , which can be very real indeed .
But it 's unnerving to think that communities of underemployed people can marinate in a kind of dreary stasis .
Chronic under - and unemployment has long - term implications .
Skills atrophy .
Workplace savvy dulls .
Medium - term wages deflate .
Today , the economy is n't producing enough open positions for the 16 percent of the economy that either has no jobs or has been pushed to work part - time -- no matter how they feel about being unemployed .
But when the job market starts to recover , pockets of blithely underemployed folks represent wasted potential to work and capacity to consume products with the money they earn .
Last night an air raid warning about 1 a.m .
It was a false alarm as regards London , but evidently there was a real raid somewhere .
We got up and dressed , but did not go to the shelter .
This is what everyone did , i.e. got up and then simply stood about talking , which seems very foolish .
But it seems natural to get up when one hears a siren , and then in the absence of gunfire or other excitement one is ashamed to go to the shelter .
I saw in one of yesterday ’s papers that gas masks are being issued in America , though people have to pay for them .
Gas masks are probably useless to the civilian population in England and almost certainly in America .
The issue of them is simply a symbol of national solidarity , the first step towards wearing a uniform .
. . .
As soon as war started the carrying or not carrying of a gas mask assumed social and political implications .
In the first few days people like myself who refused to carry one were stared at and it was generally assumed that the non-carriers were “ left ” .
Then the habit wore off , and the assumption was that a person who carried a gas mask was of the ultra-cautious type , the suburban rate - payer type .
With the bad news the habit has revived and I should think 20 per cent now carry them .
But you are still a little stared at if you carry one without being in uniform .
Until the big raids have happened and it is grasped that the Germans do n’t , in fact , use gas , the extent to which masks are carried will probably be a good index of the impression the war news is making on the public .
Went this afternoon to the recruiting office to put my name down for the Home Service Battalions .
Have to go again on Friday to be medically examined , but as it is for men from 30 to 50 I suppose the standards are low .
The man who took my name , etc. , was the usual imbecile , an old soldier with medals of the last war , who could barely write .
In writing capital letters he more than once actually wrote them upside down .
JOHANNESBURG
Spain can lay claim to be the masters of two global sports right now .
Just as important , its players know how to fight for the right to be champions , and how to treat victory the right way .
Rafael Nadal , having confirmed his No. 1 status in tennis this month , came to Soccer City Stadium near Soweto on Sunday night to cheer on his countrymen .
In tennis a man has to win for himself , but in soccer any man among the 11 can win it .
And on this night Nadal ’s equal in the eyes of Spanish sports fans was Andrés Iniesta .
A diminutive midfielder with a huge heart , Iniesta was manhandled by Dutchmen whose coach , Bert van Marwijk , admitted , “ Our fouls may be a sad thing for a final , but it is not our style .
“ I would have loved to have won it with football that is not so beautiful . ”
Van Marwijk ’s team might have carried to the extreme his instructions to prevent Spain from building its midfield rhythm at all costs .
At times , the Dutch tried to kick the substance out of the world ’s best team .
They almost succeeded .
I am a college student trying to make ends meet .
Help me live out my dreams to do this in the future .
On the one hand , Mr. Wood wrote , it allowed the writer to “ revel in sheer storytelling , ” and on the other to “ undermine , ironically , the very ‘ truths ’ and simplicities his apparently unsophisticated narrators traded in . ”
Paradox was Mr. Saramago ’s stock in trade .
A militant atheist who maintained that human history would have been a lot more peaceful if it were n’t for religion , his novels are still preoccupied with the question of God .
His novel “ The Gospel According to Jesus Christ , ” in which Jesus on the cross apologizes to mankind for God ’s sins , was deemed blasphemous by some believers and deeply religious by others .
When the Portuguese government , under pressure from the Roman Catholic Church , blocked its entry for a European Literary Prize in 1992 , Mr. Saramago chose to go into exile in the Canary Islands , a Spanish possession .
Mr. Saramago ’s hardscrabble origins did not seem to predestine him for a life of letters .
Born in 1922 in the village of Azinhaga , 60 miles northeast of Lisbon , he was largely raised by his maternal grandparents while his parents sought work in the big city .
In his Nobel acceptance speech , Mr. Saramago spoke admiringly of these grandparents , illiterate peasants who , in the winter , slept in the same bed as their piglets yet who imparted to him a taste for fantasy and folklore as well as a respect for nature .
One of Mr. Saramago ’s last books , and one of his most touching , was a childhood memoir titled “ Small Memories . ”
In it , he recounts the trauma of being transplanted from his grandparents ’ rural shack to Lisbon , where his father had joined the police force .
Several months later , Francisco , his older brother and only sibling , died of pneumonia .
Mr. Saramago loved to tell a story of how he came by his surname .
His real family name was de Sousa .
But when , as a 7 - year - old boy , he showed up for his first day of school and presented his birth certificate , it was discovered that the clerk in his home village had registered him as José Saramago .
“ Saramago , ” which means “ wild radish , ” a green that country people were obliged to eat in hard times , was the insulting nickname by which the novelist ’s father was known .
No Longer Active in Staging .
No Longer Staging
Early in 2008 , the City of Hickory 's Public Art Commission began the search for local artists to participate in a new program called " Art On The Bench " .
Artists submitted designs for the benches and the PAC made 21 colorful choices .
The benches are now complete and placed at various locations around Hickory .
Here are the first 4 benches located in beautiful downtown Hickory on Union Square .
I will be sharing the other benches in Part 2 and Part 3 since I am still trying to locate them all ..
Vickie Jo Franks created this folk
art sun and floral design .
It 's hard to
see in my photo but it reads " Please Do Not Litter " on the bottom of the bench .
Matthew Ninemire painted this bench with musical symbols and overlapping concentric circles .
This is probably one of my favorite benches since I love dogs ..
The artist is Tom Perkins and he reminds us to Adopt from The Catawba County Animal Shelter .
This bench was designed and painted by Jeff Morgan .
It portrays a downtown sidewalk with cracks and a fire hydrant .
Hickory Public Art Commission Chairman David Zagaroli said " it was such a success that we are planning to have a Phase 2 of " Art on the Bench .
That 's great to know , maybe I will enter the next one and STAGE my bench ..
Enjoy and come back for the rest of the benches ...
See Part 2 of Art on the Bench " Hickory NC
" Art On The Bench Program " Hickory NC photos by C. Gilliam
Need Help Selling Your Home Quicker & For Top Dollar - Staging is the Answer !
Let us help build confidence in your decorating or home staging projects
Cheryl Gilliam - AARC Certified Redesigner & Home Stager
Just Heavenly Decor & Staging - From Ordinary to Extraordinary
Interior Redesign , Home Staging to Sell or Live in NC
http://www.JustHeavenlyDecor.com
Email - justheavenlydecor@charter.net
Ph 828-310-6305
Serving Hickory , Morganton , Lake James , Blowing Rock & The High Country of NC
A rapper is tying up police emergency lines by bombarding a force with nuisance calls .
He dials 999 before rapping to operators at Greater Manchester Police - who are not allowed to cut him off .
Despite officers blocking more than 60 SIM cards , the man has plagued them since January 2009 .
Police said the man " has made thousands of calls where he chants , sings , raps , preaches and plays loud music to call handlers " .
In the past three months he has made 700 calls , lasting between three and five minutes , slowing down the call handlers ' response to other calls .
However , a police spokesman said there was never an occasion when a call was missed .
The caller would have to put the phone down - the system would not let it ring out .
Supt Karan
Lee said the caller 's " inappropriate outbursts " are putting " lives at risk " .
During many of the calls , the operator answers the phone to be met with a barrage of music and rants .
His rapping is difficult to decipher but during one call he started shouting about his citizen 's rights .
So far officers have managed to establish that most of the calls are made from the Moss Side and Trafford areas .
The call handlers are tied up for several minutes trying to deal with him because they have a " duty of care " to the caller - just in case there is a real emergency situation .
Call handling manager Jason Unsworth added : " You can never guess when this man is going to call up , and that 's part of the problem .
" With the World Cup on at the moment , it 's an added pressure when he does call , because it can be any time of the day , and he can be on the phone for several minutes .
" He is causing us a big problem because of the sheer volume of calls he makes and the time wasted dealing with him .
" We have to treat each call as if it was a real emergency , so it 's frustrating and worrying when we get time wasters preventing people with real emergencies coming through . "
Clips of some of this man 's nuisance calls have been released and police are urging anyone who recognises his voice , or who has information about who is responsible , to come forward .
Supt Lee added : " Nuisance calls are no laughing matter .
" I do not know what motivates this man has to keep calling but we need to stop this man 's time - wasting calls before someone 's life is put in jeopardy . "
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has apologised to the Football Association over Frank Lampard 's disallowed goal in England 's World Cup defeat by Germany .
Blatter said the error had convinced him to reopen the debate on goal - line technology at a board meeting in July .
Lampard was denied a goal in Sunday 's 4 - 1 second - round loss , even though his shot clearly crossed the line .
Blatter also said sorry to Mexico after Carlos Tevez 's offside goal was allowed to stand in Argentina 's 3 - 1 victory .
Uruguayan referee Jorge Larrionda , who missed Lampard 's goal , and Italian referee Roberto Rosetti , who allowed Tevez 's offside Argentina goal to stand , have not been retained for the remainder of the tournament .
Lampard 's strike came during a spell of England dominance and would have levelled the score at 2 - 2 .
The high - profile error sparked a clamour for referees to be given more assistance , with international players ' union FifPro leading calls for goal - line technology to be introduced .
Blatter said the issue will now form part of the agenda at next month 's meeting of the International FA Board ( IFAB ) , the body that decides the laws of the game .
" It is obvious that after the experiences so far at this World Cup it would be a nonsense not to reopen the file on goal - line technology , " stated Blatter .
The Tevez goal - the first in Argentina 's win on Sunday - was replayed on the screens in the stadium , sparking angry clashes between officials and the Mexican players and coaches .
" Personally I deplore it when you see evident referee mistakes but it's not the end of a competition or the end of football , this can happen , " added Blatter .
" Yesterday I spoke to the two federations [ England and Mexico ] directly concerned by referees ' mistakes .
" I have expressed to them apologies and I understand they are not happy and that people are criticising .
" We will naturally take on board the discussion on technology and have the first opportunity in July at the business meeting . "
Blatter 's call comes less than four months after Fifa general secretary Jerome Valcke said the door was " closed " on goal - line technology and video replays after a vote by the IFAB .
The decision was reached after watching presentations of two systems - Cairos , a microchip inserted in a ball , and Hawk - Eye , which is used in tennis and cricket .
In a statement on Fifa 's website after the verdict , Blatter argued that human errors were part of football 's appeal .
" The game must be played in the same way no matter where you are in the world , " he wrote .
" The simplicity and universality of the game is one of the reasons for its success .
606 : DEBATE
" No matter which technology is applied , at the end of the day a decision will have to be taken by a human being .
This being the case , why remove the responsibility from the referee to give it to someone else ? "
The Fifa chief was in the crowd at Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein as referee Jorge Larrionda and his assistant Mauricio Espinosa failed to spot that Lampard 's 38th - minute shot had dropped well over the line .
German media have claimed the incident atones for the 1966 final when Geoff Hurst 's strike for England against West Germany was allowed to stand , even though it was unclear whether the whole of the ball had crossed the line .
" It happened in 1966 and then 44 years later - though it was not quite the same , " added Blatter .
" I apologised to England and Mexico .
The English said thank you and accepted that you can win some and you lose some and the Mexicans bowed their head and accepted it . "
Former FA chief executive Brian Barwick , a long - term advocate of goal - line technology , said the stakes are too high for Fifa to go on resisting practices which are now an accepted part of sports like cricket and tennis .
Blatter has always argued for football to retain its human element " When you get a game in the last 16 of the World Cup and England are 2 - 1 down , who knows where that game would have gone ? "
Barwick told BBC Sport .
" The goal was a goal , everybody in my house jumped up at the same time .
If eyesight is not going to work , why not help the guys who are on the field and on the touchline ?
" Within seconds , via a replay , hundreds of millions of people knew England had scored a legitimate goal .
Four people did n't , and those are the men in the middle .
These guys needs help .
That was a terrible error of judgement . "
English World Cup referee Howard Webb , who officiated in last month 's Champions League final , said he would be in favour of technological aids if they helped referees make the right call .
" I 'm open - minded about anything that makes us more credible as match officials , " said Webb .
" Whatever tools I am given I will use them to the best of my ability , and I will use all the experience I have to try to come to the correct decisions .
" I certainly do n't feel in any way at all that additional assistance will undermine my position .
" We work closely in England with the officials from other sports , rugby union , rugby league and cricket , we try to learn good practice from them .
" But we have to consider that we are dealing in different sports , football is uniquely fluid in the way that it is played and we need to take care that we do n't change that fact .
We need to protect the basic way the game is played . "
Blatter confirmed the IFAB would only look at the use of technology for goal - line situations , meaning no help for assistant referees over offside decisions like the Tevez goal .
" Football is a game that never stops and the moment there was a discussion if the ball was in or out , or there was a goalscoring opportunity , do we give a possibility to a team to call for replays once or twice like in tennis ?
" For situations like the Mexico game you do n't need technology . "
Blatter also announced that Fifa will be launching a new drive to improve refereeing standards at the top level later this year .
" We will come out with a new model in November on how to improve high level referees , " he commented .
" We will start with a new concept of how to improve match control .
I cannot disclose more of what we are doing but something has to be changed . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Half of all Americans with high blood pressure have the condition under control , according to a new study , accomplishing one of the national objectives for improving Americans ’ health set by the government public health initiative Healthy People 2010 .
The accomplishment represents steady and significant progress since 1999 - 2000 , when one - quarter of hypertensives had their condition under control , and further progress since 2003 - 4 , when one - third had control of their high blood pressure .
“ At the time the goal was set , it was seen as extremely ambitious  most experts did not see that level of progress being made , ” said Dr. Brent M. Egan , professor of medicine and pharmacology at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston , and lead author of the study published in the May 26 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
“ Practicing physicians in communities across the country are doing a very good job , and awareness has improved , ” Dr. Egan said .
Editor 's note : Rahul K. Parikh is a physician and writer who lives in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Follow him on Twitter .
( CNN ) -- Dear Joel Stein ,
Where do I begin ?
Normally , I write about health care , but your essay in Time , " My Own Private India , " caught my attention for reasons that have nothing to do with medicine .
Before I read it , I barely had any idea who you were .
Your name was vaguely familiar , probably from having seen you on VH1 while channel - surfing in the wee hours .
I 'm not the only one who noticed .
Last I checked , your essay was one of the most read and e-mailed articles at Time.com .
Good work .
You earned your paycheck .
But you did it with a xenophobic , even racist , rant against Indian Americans like me and a lot of other people I care about and deeply respect .
Read Joel Stein 's essay , " My Own Private India "
Have no illusions , sir .
What you wrote was not funny , insightful , smart or unique .
No .
Every word , phrase , sentence and paragraph you produced did nothing more than distill the ancient , proud and diverse culture of India down to nothing more than clichés and stereotypes .
Calling us dot - heads and Guindians , speaking of spicy food and multilimbed gods with elephant noses -- clarification , Joel : Ganesh has the elephant nose ; Siva has the multiple arms .
You did it even when you were laying on the backhanded compliments .
" We all assumed Indians were geniuses . "
Thanks for that .
By the way , I am not some bitter old man trying to lecture you .
You and I are contemporaries .
I 'm just a year younger than you are .
In reading a little bit about you , we have some things in common .
I was " dorky enough " to have played Dungeons & Dragons growing up .
Given your esteemed education at Stanford , I suspect both of us excelled academically .
But it 's clear that our consciences have been on divergent paths .
I try to do just a little bit of good in the world by practicing medicine and writing .
You took your pricey education and became ... a humorist ... a satirist ... a pundit ?
A descendant of Mark Twain , H.L Mencken or P.J. O' Rourke you are not .
In the future , please leave satire and humor to trained professionals .
So ... because you were n't funny or incisive , what 's your point ?
Are you trying to make Indians prove our worth to the fraternity that is America ?
Is your essay part of some kind of hazing ?
Put up with your callous insults , and we 'll be able to live in the frat house ?
What litmus test do we all have to pass to become bona fide ?
Does our God have to wear a big white beard and have only two arms ?
Do we have to turn in the dots on our foreheads for a baseball cap with " N.Y. " stenciled on it ?
Trade in our samosas and chai for potato chips and Bud Light ?
Should we make our parents throw their Hindi language newsmagazine in the garbage and subscribe to Time ?
If it 's about fitting in with your standards of Americana , please , allow me to prove my culture 's utility to you .
Some of us have become wildly successful .
We run Fortune 500 companies , have been elected to political office and have won Pulitzer prizes .
Many of us work 40 - plus hours a week to pay our mortgage .
Some have paid their dues serving this country in war .
Still others struggle to pay the bills , keep their children fed or their marriages together ; and yes , there are those of us who are criminals locked up in jail .
In other words , we 're just like everyone else .
It 's obvious that you were waxing nostalgic about your hometown .
If I follow your logic here , should nothing ever change in America ?
Should moms stay at home while we men wear our suits and ties and head off to work , cigarette in hand ?
Should African - Americans still drink from a different water fountain from you ?
Should we revoke the right of women to vote ?
If that 's the case , I 've got a Delorean with a flux capacitor I 'd be happy to sell you to get " Back to the Future . "
I also read the apology you pinned to the bottom of the online version of your essay .
" I truly feel stomach - sick that I hurt so many people .
I was trying to explain how , as someone who believes that immigration has enriched American life and my hometown in particular , I was shocked that I could feel a tiny bit uncomfortable with my changing town when I went to visit it .
If we could understand that reaction , we'd be better equipped to debate people on the other side of the immigration issue , " you wrote .
" Tiny bit uncomfortable , " indeed .
You should have stopped with " I 'm sorry " or just retracted the whole article .
Stop trying to save face by trying to rationalize what you wrote or pin it to the immigration issue .
Finally , I do want to thank you for harshly reminding of one thing :
Because the essay was published just before the Fourth of July -- and incidentally , just a few weeks before India 's own independence day -- you and your publication reminded me with no uncertainty that racism , ignorance and fear of new people are as American as apple pie and Time magazine .
Like you said , the Statue of Liberty should shed a tear .
And Mahatma Gandhi just did .
( Time Warner Inc. is the parent company of CNN.com and Time magazine . )
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahul Parikh .
What 's the secret to the crispiest hash browns ever ?
Press out as much extra moisture as possible after grating and before frying .
Here 's how you can make them perfectly browned and extra crispy , every time .
Photography Credit : Elise Bauer
My father , being of solid German stock , is naturally a connoisseur of all things potato .
In particular , he loves nothing more than very crispy , shredded homemade hash browns for breakfast with his eggs .
Now , there are many ways of frying up potatoes for breakfast , and I think we do all of them .
But the shredded variety of hash browns holds a special place in his heart ( mine too ! ) and for that reason , he has mastered the way to make them extra crispy .
VIDEO !
How to Make Crispy Hash Browns
Crispy Hash Browns ( Dad ) vs. Mushy Hash Browns ( Mom )
He explained his approach to me one day , while my mother was in the room and could n’t help but overhear :
ME : Dad , how do you make your hash browns turn out so crispy ?
DAD : Use a potato ricer .
It ’s the only thing I ’ve found that really gets the moisture out of the potatoes .
The trick to these hash browns is to get rid of as much moisture as possible before cooking them .
MOM : I always used paper towels to press out the moisture .
DAD : Your hash browns are mushy .
MOM : I made this family hash browns for forty years and you never complained .
They ’re perfectly fine .
DAD : They were mushy .
MOM : You ate them !
DAD : Yes I did .
And they were mushy .
( And the debate continues as I quietly leave the room … )
Mom ’s hash browns are mushy .
Tasty , edible , yummy , but still mushy .
They are n’t as good as Dad ’s , and that is just a fact .
What kind of potatoes work best for hash browns ?
Starchy potatoes like Russets work best for hash browns .
Waxy potatoes like red new potatoes have a higher moisture content and tend to hold their shape better than starchy potatoes , and as such do not develop the crispiest of edges when fried .
Tips for The Crispiest Hash Browns
Squeeze out moisture :
Use a potato ricer , orange or lemon press , or a tea - towel to wring out excess moisture from the shredded raw potato .
Some people find a salad spinner can work well too .
Use a potato ricer , orange or lemon press , or a tea - towel to wring out excess moisture from the shredded raw potato .
Some people find a salad spinner can work well too .
Heat the oil in the pan first :
Make sure you are using enough oil to generously coat the pan well , and get the oil shimmering before adding the potatoes .
Make sure you are using enough oil to generously coat the pan well , and get the oil shimmering before adding the potatoes .
Spread the potatoes in a thin layer : A thin layer of shredded potatoes in the pan will help the hash browns crisp up better and cook more evenly .
A thin layer of shredded potatoes in the pan will help the hash browns crisp up better and cook more evenly .
Wait to flip the potatoes until they are brown on one side :
Peak underneath to see if they are browning up well , and when one side has fried to a golden brown , flip the potatoes to the other side .
What follows is my dad ’s way of making hash browns that turn out perfectly crispy and absolutely delicious .
Have a favorite way to make crispy hash browns ?
Please let us know about it in the comments .
LOVE BREAKFAST POTATOES ?
TRY THESE
The IT Crowd T - shirts : Season 4 Episode 3 “ Something Happened ”
Indeed , last night something did happen , Graham Linehan ( aka @Glinner ) tweeted about my IT Crowd t- shirt posts , which was then retweeted by rather a lot of people , causing what I think is the largest amount of traffic I ’ve received on a Sunday , giving the site a bit of a meltdown ( until I got home and cranked up the resources ) , and presumably putting a bit of pressure on me to continue my IT Crowd shirt posts now that a lot more fans are aware of them .
Fear not new readers , I shall continue , and this week I ’ve got links to all three of Roy ’s tees so that you can get your hands on them .
Roy ’s first tee of the week was immediately obvious to me as I had written about it back in May .
Even though the most visible text says “ let ’s say you ’ve gone back in time ” the shirt is actually called “ Time Traveler Essentials ” because it explains what you need to do if you were to travel back in time .
It ’s a very clever and funny shirt , and it ’s yours for $ 18 at TopatoCo .
Shirt number two in the episode is a bit of a tee design classic , having been featured on the show before and on many a blog .
Some people have point out that it does n’t really work as a Venn diagram , but I ’m able to look past that and just enjoy a cool shirt .
Elitism can be bought for $ 16.99 at Diesel Sweeties
Last shirt of the week ( excluding Jen ’s shirt for the band Sweet Billy Pilgrim , who I presumed were fictional since I do n’t keep up with what ’s cool in the music world , but are in fact real , though apparently do n’t have a keyboard player ) picks up on the keyboard cat meme , but makes it almost acceptable in my cynical eyes by giving it an 8 - bit makeover , since we all know that making something 8 - bit makes it cool .
The tee is £ 16.21 and can be purchased at MySoti
I wo n’t be able to cover episodes 4 & 5 of this season in a timely fashion because I ’m going to Cornwall on holiday , and writing about t- shirts will be the furthest thing from my mind .
I will cover the shirts worn in the episodes when I get back , you ’ll just have to be patient about it .
Well it may be a wild ride these days for those on Apple ’s side of the fence — gotta love those bumpers ! — but for those of us here in the Linux blogosphere , things have been remarkably calm , cool and collected .
Much , in fact , like the Father of Linux himself , one might say .
It should come as no great surprise , then , that the very same man — Linus Torvalds — was the subject of some considerable — albeit well - mannered — debate .
‘ The Linus Burnout Episode ’
The “ scalability of Linus , ” in fact , was the subject of a post by Jonathan Corbet earlier this month on LWN , and it ’s sparked quite a discussion .
“ The Linux kernel development process stands out in a number of ways ; one of those is the fact that there is exactly one person who can commit code to the ‘ official ’ repository , ” Corbet begins .
A problem with that scenario , he notes , is the potential for repeats of what calls “ the famous ‘ Linus burnout ’ episode of 1998 . ”
As a result , “ if Linus is to retain his central position in Linux kernel development , the community as a whole needs to ensure that the process scales and does not overwhelm him , ” Corbet adds .
“ As with the code itself , it makes sense to think about the next level of scalability issues in the development process before they strike . ”
‘ It Adds Too Much Pressure for One Person ’
Bloggers jumped on the topic with gusto .
“ Linux project definitely needs a failover guy ( and it has many ) , primarily because it adds too much pressure for one person to shoulder all the way , ” wrote rilder in the LWN comments , for example .
“ Imagine what an indefinite period of serious in - hospital Linus illness ( starting … now ) would do to the project , ” PO8 chimed in .
“ In a way it would be worse than if he ( God forbid ) was hit by a bus — in that case presumably someone would step in and try to take over his role , for better or worse . ”
Still , for now “ Linus ’ scalability when operating properly is the least of my worries , ” PO8 added .
‘ No Single Choke Point ’
“ If Linus went away , at least all the distributors would immediately start merging from the respective subsystem maintainers themselves — and over time , a new gold standard is likely to emerge , either from them or the community , ” lmb asserted .
“ Linux has a very distributed development model with no single choke point in it ; the centralization is merely convenient for all , not required , ” lmb added .
Then again : “ It might be time for Linus to start thinking about this and maybe train a ( few ) possible successor (s ) , ” superstoned suggested .
“ It can take years before one has the experience to do what he is doing , so he should start doing that sooner rather than later … ”
Now , Linux Girl has been lucky enough to interview Mr. Torvalds on more than one occasion , and she is surely one of his biggest fans .
Nonetheless , personal considerations aside , the question has merit : Is Linux too much for one man ?
‘ Another Big Problem ’
The current situation “ is a problem if he gets hit by a bus , ” Hyperlogos blogger Martin Espinoza told Linux Girl .
“ I suspect enforcing some stability on the kernel is a good idea . ”
Indeed , “ people always whine about Linus , but the most important thing he does is enforce good taste and timelines on the kernel , ” Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack opined .
“ Without his constant merge deadlines , Linux would revert back to a multiyear development branch lifecycle , and that would be a disaster . ”
On the other hand , “ I think this is another big problem FLOSS has , ” Slashdot blogger hairyfeet opined .
‘ He Is Only Human , After All ’
“ A good example is Con Kolivas , who came up with a kernel patch that would give the end users a better multimedia experience , ” hairyfeet explained .
“ Since it would decrease performance for servers — which is ultimately who pays Linus ’s bills — it was rejected and he ended up quitting in disgust .
“ In the end I ’d say that was too much pressure and too much responsibility for even Linus to handle , ” hairyfeet said .
“ He is only human , after all . ”
The process could be split into three camps : desktop , server and embedded , hairyfeet suggested .
“ They really need to be separate anyway , as what is good for a desktop experience might not be great for server throughput , and embedded is a different beast entirely . ”
Linus , then , “ should keep server , and let someone dedicated to the desktop , like Con , take the desktop kernel role , then have the head of one of the longtime embedded projects take the helm for embedded kernel development , ” he said .
“ I know that with the source code one can DIY , but if Linux wants to keep up with the competition there is much work to do , more than even a man of Linus ’s skill to accomplish . ”
‘ Linus Still Has Fire in His Belly ’
Not everyone , however , saw it that way .
“ The commit process has evolved over time , and will continue to develop , same as the kernel itself , ” noted Barbara Hudson , a blogger on Slashdot who goes by “ Tom ” on the site .
“ In a worst - case scenario , Linus takes some time to write another tool , like he did with git , ” she added .
Similarly , “ do n’t be fooled that Linus has to scale — he has to work hard , but he is the team captain and doorman , ” blogger Robert Pogson said .
“ He has thousands doing most of the work for him .
He just has to open the door at the appropriate moment . ”
Linus “ has had lots of practice and still has fire in his belly , ” Pogson added .
“ He can go on for the rest of his career with accomplishment recognized by the world and satisfaction in a job well done in his heart . ”
‘ What Would Linus Do ? ’
If Torvalds “ ever burns out or retires , we may have some worry , ” Pogson admitted .
“ I am sure there are several reasonable candidates for a replacement .
If they get into a jam they can always phone up Linus or think , ‘ What would Linus do ? ’ and they would not go far wrong .
“ Besides , ” Pogson added , “ if a replacement made a mistake , the developers would let him know … ;-) ”
Pogson ’s overall conclusion ?
“ Thank you , Linus , for a job well done , ” he said .
“ May your next 20 years be as successful . ”
“ Amen , ” Linux Girl would add .
We can all drink to that . 😉
" When I was on the upper deck I saw an injured person being brought to the back of the deck being tended to by a doctor and someone who is trained in first aid .
He was shot in the head .
It was clear it was not some paint ball .
It was a bullet . "
Ms Colborne described scenes of chaos on the ship in the moments after the Israelis boarded .
Get yourself some montessori toys for 2 year olds , these will make your life so much easier .
You will definitely know what to do with your kid in your free time
After leaving his job without warning , a shoe factory worker was shocked to be handed a bag of coins weighing 10.3 kg ( 22.6lbs ) as his final pay packet .
Xiao
Wang started to work in the shoe factory in Xindian village , Jinjiang , in March .
However , at the beginning of July he informed his employers that he had to leave due to ill health .
Wang wanted to quit immediately but the factory bosses insisted that he had to work till the end of the month .
In response Wang complained to the local Workers ' Union and the Bureau of Labour and his employers relented .
Wang was then told to come in and pick up his final pay packet , and he discovered that he had been paid in low denomination coins and notes ...
Credit : QUIRKY CHINA NEWS / REX FEATURES
What if an unknown researcher predicts an earthquake using a disfavored technique ?
If an earthquake then happens and hundreds die , should naysayer scientists go to jail ?
Some in the city of L'Aquila , Italy answered that odd question with a resounding yes .
An April 6 , 2009 earthquake that was predicted by Giampaolo Giuliani killed 308 people .
Now the city 's prosecutors are considering charging seven researchers at the National Geophysics and Vulcanology Institute ( INGV ) and members of the city 's Major Risks Committee with manslaughter .
The prosecutors say the committee could be considered criminally negligent for telling the townspeople that there was no need to evacuate .
A formal investigation has been opened , but charges have n't yet been filed .
As reported in Life in Italy :
" Those involved were highly qualified individuals who should have provided the public with different answers , " said L'Aquila 's chief prosecutor , Alfredo Rossini .
" It was not the case that we received no warning , because there had already been tremors .
However , the advice given was that there was no need for people to leave their homes " .
Giuliani , the man who predicted the quake , works at the National Laboratories at Gran Sasso , though he has been misreported in both Italian and American media outlets as a physicist , seismologist , and a collaborator with the National Institute of Nuclear Physics .
According to Science Insider , Giuliani's work on earthquakes is a " hobby " and seismologists do not use the radon tests he cited , since statistically they have failed to accurately predict quakes .
Related content : 80 beats : Scientist Smackdown : Did a Seismologist Accurately Predict the Italian Quake ?
80 beats : Toads — Yes , Toads — May Know When an Earthquake Is Coming 80 beats : Science Via Twitter : Post - Earthquake Tweets Can Provide Seismic Data Bad Astronomy : Do rainbow clouds foretell earthquakes ?
Image : United States Geological Survey
GRAND RAPIDS -- Former President George W. Bush was by turns affable , relaxed -- and deadly serious in his local appearance Wednesday .
" Yeah , we water - boarded Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , " Bush said of the terrorist who master - minded the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks on New York and Washington .
He said that event shaped his presidency and convinced him the nation was in a war against terror .
" I 'd do it again to save lives . "
In a speech and question - and - answer session before the Economic Club of Grand Rapids , Bush defended his decision to go to war in 2003 with Iraq .
" Getting rid of Saddam Hussein was the right thing to do and the world is a better place without him , " Bush said .
But he also made it clear he would leave political potshots at President Barack Obama to others , saying : " You are not going to see me in the public square criticizing the president . "
Bush underlined the role religion played in his life in the White House , saying prayer gave him strength to go forward .
" I prayed a lot .
I really did .
I prayed before every major speech .
I prayed before debates .
It was a very important experience . "
The speech may offer a glimpse of Bush 's forthcoming memoir , " Decision Points , " to be released in November .
Bush said it would dissect the major decisions of his presidency .
Bush , 63 , has for the most part avoided the political spotlight since leaving the White House .
In sharp contrast to former Vice President Dick Cheney , he also has restrained from speaking out against Obama .
" I 'm trying to regain a sense of anonymity , " he said in February .
" I did n't like it when a certain former president made my life miserable , " he said , a reference to former President Jimmy Carter and his frequent criticisms of Bush .
Cheney has been especially disparaging of Obama 's conduct on security issues , accusing him in 2009 of projecting " weakness " by delaying his decision on whether to send more troops to Afghanistan .
Bush and his wife , Laura , live in a secluded Dallas suburb , where Bush has been at work on his memoir .
In his most conspicuous public commitment since his presidency , Bush in January joined with former President Bill Clinton to establish a fund for relief and recovery efforts following the Haiti earthquake .
Bush on Wednesday spoke to a DeVos Place crowd of approximately 2,300 , mixing humor , anecdotes and serious moments from his presidency .
Referring to his decision to wear an old tuxedo and Laura Bush 's reaction to it , Bush said : " ' Read my lips , no new tuxes . ' "
HE SAID IT Bush on the Tea Party : " These movements come and go . "
Bush on religion : " I do n't see how you can be president and not believe in a higher power . "
Bush on allies : " My best pal in the international arena was ( former ) British Prime Minister Tony Blair . "
Bush on his wife , Laura : " She was a fabulous companion on one of life 's great journeys . "
Bush said his greatest disappointment as president was failing to push through Social Security reform , a major campaign issue of his in 2004 .
Bush said Republican leadership balked at the proposal , saying it would cost them votes : " And the leadership of our party looked at me and said no . "
He also confessed that the failed 1992 campaign of his father , then - President George H. W. Bush , was one of the hardest years of his life .
" Being a son of the president is a lot harder than being president , " he said .
Bush recalled the morning of the 2001 attacks , how he learned that first one , then two planes had hit the World Trade Center and then a third plane had hit the Pentagon .
The third plane , he said , " was a declaration of war on our country . "
Bush recounted the story of former East Grand Rapids resident Bill Krissoff , an orthopedic surgeon who pressed Bush at age 61 in 2007 to let him join the Navy as a combat surgeon in honor of his son .
Marine Lt. Nathan Krissoff , 25 , had been killed in a December 2006 roadside bomb explosion in Iraq .
Krissoff served a year in Iraq and now is serving at age 63 in Afghanistan , Bush said .
" America produces amazing people like Dr. Krissoff , " Bush said .
His Grand Rapids appearance extends a string of high - profile figures at the club 's annual dinner , including such luminaries as former President Bill Clinton , rock star Bono , former Secretaries of State Condoleezza Rice and Colin Powell and former NBC News Anchor Tom Brokaw .
A pair of local businessmen were honored for their contributions to West Michigan .
Jim Dunlap , senior executive vice president of Huntington Bancshares , was named Business Person of the Year .
He chairs The Right Place Inc. and previously chaired boards for several local charities , including : Heart of West Michigan United Way , the YMCA and major events for DeVos Children 's Hospital , the American Cancer Society and the Junior Achievement Business Hall of Fame .
Mike Jandernoa , former CEO of Perrigo Co. , received the Econ Club 's Slykhouse Lifetime Achievement award .
The award honors Jandernoa 's efforts to help the region grow economically and prosper .
E -mail the author of this story : localnews@grpress.com
Volume 1 , December 2004 , http://intertheory.org
ISSN 1552 - 5112
Schiller ’s
On the Aesthetic Education of Man : The Origins of the Postmodern Sublime in the Ethical Evaluation of the Aesthetic
Temenuga Trifonova
Schiller ’s treatise
On the Aesthetic Education of Man was largely ignored after the initial reactions to its publication .
Up to the middle of the nineteenth century the letters were discussed mainly in terms of their political implications .
One of the reasons for the sparse critical attention the letters received was that the public ’s familiarity with Schiller ’s poetic and dramatic works tended to obscure his aesthetic and philosophical writings .
The work was seen as Schiller ’s failed attempt to “ combine Kantian principles with his own terminology , poetic language , and rhetoric . ” [ 1 ]
In the 1820s , in his lectures on aesthetics at the University of Berlin , Hegel sought to free Schiller ’s discourse from the Kantian context in which his work had so far been discussed and compared unfavorably .
Hegel went as far as to insist that Schiller had surmounted the limitations inherent in Kant ’s Critique of Judgment , the most important one being the conception of the aesthetic as performing a merely regulative function in the union of nature and reason .
In Hegel ’s mind , Schiller had overcome Kantian dualism by getting rid of the Kantian “ as if ” : the idea that we are to approach nature as if it had a purposiveness of its own , even though in reality that purposiveness is ‘ borrowed ’ from , or imagined on analogy with , the purposiveness of our own reason .
Hegel was not the only one to attempt to disengage Schiller ’s work from its Kantian context .
Around the same time , Wilhelm von Humboldt became the first commentator to argue that Schiller ’s ideas are not merely reworkings of Kant but originate in Schiller ’s own work from the 1780s .
[ 2 ]
More recently , critics have sought to demonstrate the continuity between Schiller and pre-Kantian German philosophy .
Thus , Ernst Cassirer has traced Schiller ’s notion of ‘ ideal beauty ’ back to Leibniz ’s Theosophie des Julius , in which Leibniz considers art and nature as analogs of each other . [ 3 ]
Others ascribe a greater importance to Schiller ’s friendship with Goethe than to his readings of Kant .
According to this interpretation , Schiller was deeply affected by the consequences of the French Revolution and accepted Goethe ’s belief that the poet ought to remain a stranger to his age , that art need not fulfill a moral function .
Not everyone subscribed to Hegel ’s opinion of Schiller .
Hölderlin , among others , refused to credit Schiller with overcoming Kant ’s notion of the aesthetic as a regulative idea .
Schiller , he believed , failed to acknowledge the ontological or metaphysical status of the aesthetic i.e. , he did not remove Kant ’s “ as if ” clause in his interpretation of aesthetic judgment .
By stressing the idea of freedom , Schiller subordinated the aesthetic to the moral ( like Kant before him ) instead of understanding the aesthetic as a means to knowing being itself .
These two views — Schiller the moralist , writing in the shadow of Kant , and , on the other hand , Schiller the aesthete , the last artist of the Sturm und Drang , the descendent of Spinoza , Leibniz , Lessing , and Herder , rather than Kant — have dominated Schiller scholarship since the publication of AEM , privileging Schiller ’s relationship to Kant as the focal point of debate .
Whatever the degree to which Schiller was influenced by Kant , it is very likely that the inconsistencies and contradictions in AEM , and especially Schiller ’s failure to provide a coherent analysis of the relationship between the beautiful and the sublime , can be attributed to his ambivalent relationship to Kant .
The point on which there has been most disagreement is the extent to which Schiller merely repeated the Kantian gesture of subsuming the aesthetic under the moral ( conceiving the aesthetic merely as a means to a higher end , the moral state ) or he actually gave the aesthetic its due ( regarding aesthetic education as an end in itself ) .
The idea of the moral as the higher end of the development of aesthetic intuition was by no means new at the end of the eighteenth century .
The notion of moral sensibility was prevalent in eighteenth century Germany as part of the more general concept of Sentiment ( “ Empfindsamkeit ” ) , according to which “ properly cultivated emotions are our most reliable moral guides . ” [ 4 ]
The source of Schiller ’s concept of nature as ideal should be sought namely in the rise of the sentimental attitude .
The ambiguities in Schiller ’s treatment of the aesthetic both as an end in itself and as a means to a higher moral end have been attributed to the social structure of eighteenth century Germany , particularly to the process of bourgeois emancipation :
“ The willingness to assume a guise of equality with the middle class on the part of the nobility was matched by a parallel tendency on the part of the Bürger to aspire to the ethical and cultural ideals of the courtier . ” [ 5 ]
Thus the mixture of progressive and reactionary tendencies in Schiller ’s aesthetic should be ascribed to the paradox that while the letters were addressed to a representative of the nobility ( whose name was eventually suppressed upon the letters ’ publication in Die Horen ) , and as liberal - minded as their addressee was , what Schiller was trying to do in the letters was precisely to transcend class distinctions in the public sphere .
[ 6 ]
The ambiguity of the aesthetic is , therefore , at least partly due to the diplomatic strategy adopted by Schiller , a strategy “ which walks a narrow line between the presentation of democratic ideals and the need to assure Augustenburg that he [ Schiller ] is not interested in inciting the public to revolutionary action . ” [ 7 ]
As early as 1892 , in his survey of Weimar Classicism entitled Die klassische Ästhetik der Deutschen : Würdigung der kunsttheoretischen Arbeiten Schiller ’s Goethe ’s und ihrer Freunde , Otto Harnack argues that the most important and fascinating aspect of AEM is Schiller ’s failure to integrate the beautiful and the sublime .
Harnack ’s argument prefigures the current debate around the relationship between the aesthetic and the ethical , a debate that foregrounds the sublime as precisely the obstacle to formulating a unified aesthetic theory .
In his 1957 article “ Beauty and Freedom : Schiller ’s Struggle with Kant ’s Aesthetics , ” Dieter Heinrich points to the continuity between Schiller ’s treatment of the sublime and postmodern aesthetic theory by arguing that moral freedom cannot be symbolized by the beautiful since freedom resists sensibility while the beautiful requires harmony .
More recently , Rolf - Peter Janz has drawn attention to the relevance of Schiller ’s aesthetics to the postmodern debate around the unrepresentable , arguing that Schiller ’s attempt to synthesize the beautiful and the sublime might be construed as an attempt to reduce ( or disguise ) the violence of the sublime .
Finally , in his article “ Rethinking the Aesthetic : Kant , Schiller , and Hegel ” Stephen Boos summarizes the importance of Schiller ’s aesthetic writings to contemporary debates :
“ The attempt to rethink the relationship between the ethical and the aesthetic requires a return to Kant , Schiller , and Hegel , since it is largely through their efforts that the modern notion of the aesthetic as the reconciling unity of spirit and nature , duty and inclination , and reason and feeling was first invented . ” [ 8 ]
Boos observes , however , that if Schiller and Hegel were concerned with finding a way to reconcile spirit and nature , the universal and the particular , “ [ i] t is no longer so obvious that it is the task of art to seek reconciliation .
… Indeed , it would appear that art has ceased to believe in its ability to provide such absolute reconciliations but instead now devotes its energies to exposing the paradoxes and contradictions in the attempt of philosophy to provide such absolute syntheses .
In this sense , art may have attained a self - consciousness that philosophy still lacks . ” [ 9 ]
Thus , the debate over the relationship between the ethical and the aesthetic has been moved to a higher , self - referential plane : postmodern aesthetics is no longer concerned with reconciling the ethical and the aesthetic but with judging the ethical character of such a reconciliation in the first place .
Yet it is precisely in this attempt to present the task of art as exposing the conflicts between reason and nature and the ideological nature of reconciliation , in this self - referential gesture of judging itself from an ethical point of view , in the attainment of self - consciousness Boos praises , that art has gradually allowed itself to be determined by , and finally subordinated to , ethics .
This shift has been carried out through an implicit doubling of the category of the ethical : the ethical now functions as , at one and the same time , the object of the debate ( the other object being the aesthetic ) and the criterion determining the outcome of the debate ( since it is namely the ethical nature of the debate that is put into question ) .
This increasing self - referentiality or self - awareness of the aesthetic is at the heart of Lyotard ’s reading of the proto-ethical ( ontological ) aspect of the postmodern sublime .
It is precisely the contradictions the sublime generates in the attempt of eighteenth century thinkers to establish a unified aesthetic theory that provoke the increasing concern in postmodern aesthetics with the ethical evaluation of the aesthetic reconciliation of reason and nature .
Schiller offers us On the Aesthetic Education of Man [ 10 ] as an aesthetic object and , with that , places his work in a strange position .
Being an aesthetic object by virtue of its effect on the reader–it invokes feelings and leaves the reader free–it is also a superfluous object .
To claim that it could have any sort of emancipatory or pedagogical function would contradict its aesthetic nature since the aesthetic object is not supposed to fulfill a purpose or be useful in any way .
The work is , thus , a treaty on aesthetic education without being itself educational .
Yet , as much as Schiller would like us to perceive his work as an aesthetic object , we would n’t be justified in doing so .
In the very last letter , Schiller undermines his own argument about the ‘ innocence ’ of the aesthetic object , reducing the aesthetic to notions of refinement and decorum thereby disclosing the illusory freedom it offers : “ taste throws a veil of decorum over [ naked ] physical desires ... and , by a delightful illusion of freedom , conceals from us our degrading kinship with matter ” ( 219 italics added ) .
This rather cynical passage exposes the ambivalent nature of the idealistic tone of the letters , and points to Schiller ’s failure to distinguish the aesthetic from any interpretations of it as a veil , as a concealment of and a threat to Truth .
The work ’s unstable status is a reflection of an instability pervading Schiller ’s thought .
The question whether the work is a philosophical treaty or an aesthetic object [ 11 ] opens up the old feud between art and philosophy ; it is also a manifestation of the central dichotomy in Schiller ’s writing , that of nature and reason , sense and form , feeling and thinking , limit and infinity , necessity and freedom .
All these oppositions appear in the double vision of psychological material raised to the status of a transcendental ground .
Schiller is intent on a rigorous transcendental derivation of beauty , which will pass through a psychological territory and thus bring closer Idea and Reality , although not in the sense of showing reality fulfill the idea but in the sense of defending the Idea of the union of Reality and Idea . [ 12 ]
The goal of this idealistic program is to unify the sensual and the rational part of human nature , the former governed by the principle of unity , the latter by the principle of separation .
A real union must sublimate the differences between the two entities without privileging either .
However , in the union of nature ( unity ) and reason ( separation ) , the principle of nature will be unduly valorized . [ 13 ]
Schiller is aware of this danger , and , throughout the letters , we see him elaborating the relationship between nature and reason over and over again , reformulating it through various substitute terms [ 14 ] ( matter / spirit , content / form etc. ) , trying to keep the two sides of the dichotomy equal .
What he accomplishes instead is a not very craftily disguised valorization of reason -- in all its manifestations -- over nature .
Trying to make the distinctions clear , he falls into inconsistencies , which concern not only the relationship between nature and reason but the very status of the aesthetic as a category i.e. , its relationship to philosophy and , ultimately , to Truth .
By the end of AEM , it is no longer certain that Schiller has managed to rescue the aesthetic as an entity absolutely independent of Truth , as a non-philosophical category , [ 15 ] or that he ever intended to do so .
Indeed , with his identification of the aesthetic with the essentially human , Schiller does what he sets out to avoid : he ontologizes the aesthetic . [ 16 ]
The question of the aesthetic becomes the question of the being of man , being , which , Schiller argues , is never fully attained .
This definition of the human in terms of privation ( man does not exist , only the idea of man does ) , rather than in terms of perfectibility , is what gives Schiller ’s aesthetic a curious postmodern twist , aligning him with certain trends in twentieth century aesthetic , particularly Jean - Francois Lyotard ’s and Barnett Newman ’s aesthetic of the sublime .
This brings us to the question we have been meaning to ask from the beginning : why is the sublime absent from AEM , or is it really absent ? [ 17 ]
Does not the problem of the union of nature and reason , in all its versions , as well as Schiller ’s persistent interest in the ontological significance of the aesthetic , lead us back to another separation , or rather an exclusion , one that precedes , and perhaps explains , the separation of nature from reason ?
Are not the difficulties Schiller faces as he tries to balance nature and reason so as to create the impression of a real reciprocity between them , a reflection of the one - sidedness of his method , a method limiting the aesthetic education of man to the beautiful ?
Is not the ontologizing of the aesthetic the form , in which the excluded sublime reasserts itself , claiming the place it has been denied in Schiller ’s ambitious program as a corrective for the Enlightenment philosophical project ?
Schiller cannot exile the sublime ; the latter keeps reappearing in the text , often at the very moment when Schiller is supposedly defining and exemplifying the beautiful .
The sublime reasserts itself either directly , in the cases when Schiller intends to give an example of the beautiful and instead gives an example of the sublime , [ 18 ] and indirectly , as the reason for the inconsistencies and slippages in Schiller ’s analysis of the relation between nature and reason , [ 19 ] in his preoccupation with the question of freedom ( the standard - bearer of the sublime ) , and in the ontologizing of the aesthetic , which places Schiller right at the heart of avant - garde aesthetics .
Although Schiller claims that semblance is independent from truth and does not threaten it , he fails to dissociate the two completely .
To begin with , the very ideal which Schiller sets as both the origin of humanity and the end of aesthetic education [ 20 ] — the Greeks — provides a philosophical conception of the aesthetic , relating the latter to truth .
For the Greeks , poetry and speculation ( philosophy ) “ could , when need arose , exchange functions , since each in its own fashion paid honor to truth ” ( 31 ) .
Greek art is not praised for what , supposedly , will be the role of the aesthetic in Schiller ’s project — independence from truth .
If Greek art was capable of preserving its autonomy regardless of the fact that it did not “ stop short of truth , ” while art in Schiller ’s time must “ stop short of truth ” if it is to be pure semblance , then the relationship of the aesthetic to truth is not in itself inadmissible or impossible but rather that relationship has deteriorated to such an extent that the only way the aesthetic can be preserved is to separate it completely from the truth it can no longer express .
Thus , although Schiller would like us to believe that his only motive for making the aesthetic autonomous is to reveal its transcendental ground , we might ask whether his real motive might not be a certain disappointment or even pessimism , a pessimism that can be withstood only by a radical gesture such as that , by which art renounces any claims to truth .
This attempt at self - justification , masked as a triumphant assertion of art ’s autonomy , reappears in the ontological analysis of man in the anxiety underlying Schiller ’s notion of man as pure semblance .
The same gesture is repeated here — just as art is declared autonomous because it can no longer express truth as it once did ( the Greeks ) , and this is then disguised as art ’s transcendental ground rather than as its failure , man is declared free because he can imagine himself free , because , as the example of the statesman - artist shows , he can recognize a dissimulation of freedom when he sees one , and this fictional freedom is then disguised as a transcendental ground of freedom .
The artist is openly described as a manipulator who creates the appearance of freedom : “ For the material he is handling he has not a whit more respect than has the artisan ; but the eye which would seek to protect the freedom of the material he will endeavor to deceive by a show of yielding to the latter ” ( 19 ) .
The artist does not make his material appear as if for the first time ( as it is , for example , in Heidegger ) but pretends to be an extension of the material ’s freedom .
The artist acts as if his material were free when it is he who is free to use the material and free to pretend that he is not free .
Things get even more complicated with the comparison between the artist and the statesman - artist .
For the latter “ Man is at once the material on which he works and the goal towards which he strives ” ( 19 ) .
Man , we know by now , is man as Idea .
Hence , to avoid the absurdity of having as a goal what has already been achieved ( Man as material ) , we must assume that Schiller here makes a distinction between Man as potential and Man as a goal , as a manifestation or actualization of that potential or archetype .
But such a distinction is impossible in Schiller the idealist , since an ideal split into potentiality and actualization is a contradiction in terms .
The impossibility of ever attaining the ideal necessitates the identification of potential or medium and goal , which means nothing less than their mutual cancellation : unrealizable potential is not , strictly speaking , a potential , and a goal that does not stand at the end of a way is not , strictly speaking , a goal .
The goal of the statesman - artist is to ennoble the nature of man .
While the statesman - artist ’s responsibility is to make man responsive to beauty , he does not himself create objects of beauty .
On one hand , then , aesthetic education will set man free but , on the other hand , man will attain this freedom by making aesthetic judgments about works of art that only give the appearance of freedom . [ 21 ]
Presumably , by looking at the material of the artist and finding it free , man , becoming aware of himself as material in the hands of the statesman - artist will also find himself free .
However , Schiller admits that the artist ’s material is not free .
To avoid the disturbing implication that man will also only appear to be free , Schiller must assume that the aesthetically ennobled man — like Schiller himself — will be aware of the artist ’s dissimulation .
Man will feel free not because he identifies with the artist ’s material but because he identifies with the artist ’s freedom to simulate unfreedom .
Rather than a positive , active force , this freedom is a mere self - defense against the threat of unfreedom .
Its inessential character is hinted at in a footnote to letter twenty , where Schiller admits that “ aesthetic freedom is distinguishable from logical necessity in thinking , or moral necessity in willing , only by the fact that the laws according to which the psyche then behaves do not become apparent as such , and since they encounter no resistance , never appear as a constraint ” ( 143 italics added ) .
The freedom Schiller envisions as a result of the reciprocal action of the two drives is not transcendental freedom but a secondary , derivative freedom .
This is not the “ freedom that necessarily appertains to man considered as intelligent being , and which can neither be given unto him nor taken from him , but only that freedom which is founded upon his mixed nature .
By acting rationally at all man displays freedom of the first order ; by acting rationally within the limits of matter , and materially under the laws of reason , he displays freedom of the second order ” ( 137 ) . [ 22 ]
In the context of the preceding discussion , Schiller ’s motives for insisting on pure semblance as man ’s real nature become an interesting issue .
In letter nineteen he argues that negation by itself cannot produce reality ( 129 ) but there must be something positive given a priori , which can then fall straightway to negation .
One wonders what could Schiller ’s reason be for defining the human in terms of privation , as a lack or as something that is yet to come , but never actually does .
Since this view of humanity is a negation of the common view , which takes man for granted , one has to look at the particular historical reality that has supported such a view and find what in that reality makes the negation of the common view of man desirable .
Schiller describes that reality in letter six , revealing what seems to be an unbridgeable gap between a technologically progressive civilization and a regressive , fragmented human nature .
Schiller ’s task in defining anew human nature is to restore man ’s dignity while preserving the belief that , despite its adverse effects , modern civilization is not a throwback into a savage past .
The illusion of a progressive movement must be kept .
If the present is to be preserved , not cancelled out as an error but incorporated into a necessary development governed by reason , and if , at the same time , human nature is to be ‘ excused ’ from the inessentiality this same present reveals , humanity must be redefined in a radically different way .
The surest way to escape the undesirable implications of the fragmentation and inessentiality of modern man is to renounce essence itself and define man as what is forever becoming .
On one hand , this new notion of humanity remains within the anthropocentrism of the Enlightenment project as it turns man into an infinite potential , an openness to the future , a progressive and praiseworthy movement toward an ideal .
On the other hand , however , man ’s identification with semblance and his proclaimed independence from essence / truth is tainted by something like bad faith .
Once man is no longer conceived as essence , it becomes easy to invent apologies for him as semblance .
It will be objected that the split between truth and semblance precludes semblance from being judged and found apologetic insofar as apology depends on a standard , a truth .
However , since this split is never final , Schiller ’s notion of the human can be described as apologetic .
The apologetic aspect ( man is semblance because he cannot be essence ) is not the only discomforting aspect of Schiller ’s notion of humanity .
The ideal of the fully human demands an absolute balance , an equipoise , an “ equal tempering ” of all individual human functions to produce “ happy and complete human beings ” ( 43 ) .
This state of equipoise could be easily confused with a state of apathy or lethargy , [ 23 ] and the image of “ happy and complete ” man involuntarily calls to mind the image of a sedate or brainwashed man deprived of any desires and needs . [ 24 ]
As a state of infinite determinability , the aesthetic state is extremely vulnerable .
There is no guarantee that its freedom will not be abused , will not be determined by something other than moral laws , unless the assumption is made ( and it is made ) that freedom is always already rational freedom .
Although Schiller has been appointed as something of a champion of art for art ’s sake , his attempt to establish semblance ’s independence from truth / essence is repeatedly undermined by his desire to straddle the line separating the transcendental from the empirical .
In letter eight , he tries to energize reason [ 25 ] by positing two drives .
Although in the opening letters he has argued vehemently against philosophy and its insistence on truth , and has , supposedly , adopted a non-philosophical approach , now he openly talks about Truth and its struggle with the lower elements of human nature , a struggle from which Truth is to emerge victorious :
“ If Truth is to be victorious in her conflict with forces , she must herself become a force and appoint some drive to be her champion in the realm of phenomena ” ( 51 ) .
Truth appoints art or semblance and ‘ equips ’ it with “ divine weapons . ”
Through this representative her own “ conquering power ” is displayed and reasserted .
One does not get the impression that truth is in any way compromised or replaced .
The appointment of semblance to act on behalf of truth is simply the most effective strategy given that transcendental Reason cannot ‘ fight ’ in the phenomenal world except through a mediator , an empirical analog of reason .
However , Schiller cannot argue that Reason merely finds a drive and predicates to it the appropriate moral motivation , since that would put man ’s freedom in question .
Therefore , he must assume that such a drive already exists and Reason only appoints it .
Yet that reason can appoint a drive for a specific purpose suggests that the drive did not originally have its own object but was undetermined as a motive force — a rather strange conception of a drive .
In any event , Schiller ’s relationship to truth is ambivalent at best : just when he wishes to withdraw the aesthetic from truth / essence , truth looms in the background as the real power , in whose name all the battles are fought . [ 26 ]
What Schiller wants to overcome is not truth as such but that “ which stands in the way of the acceptance of truth ” ( 51 ) , overcome it or replace it with something more easily palatable , semblance .
Semblance will never be anything more than the sugar cube that makes the bitter pill go down easily . [ 27 ]
Accordingly , Schiller ’s advice to the artist urges him to be something of a trickster , to catch his audience at the moment when they are most vulnerable , when their usual defenses ( skepticism , fear of the law ) are down .
The ontologizing of semblance , the insistence on its autonomy from truth , has only one aim -- the creation of the illusion of choice .
To make truth appear less intimidating , less overbearing , it is necessary to invent and place alongside it another realm ( semblance ) so that truth will appear ( but not actually be ) less authoritarian under the created conditions of relativity .
The Platonic light of truth continues to shine in Schiller ’s text despite all his protestations to the contrary , and “ the rays of truth [ continue to ] put to flight the fond delusions of [ man ’s ] dreams ” ( 51 ) .
Art and Truth never part ways and what is said of one holds true of the other , as for example in letter nine , where Schiller talks of Truth that will prevail as an analog to Art that can not be falsified .
Art is conceived in agreement with the Platonic model , as a copy of truth , though a copy powerful enough to serve as a legitimate substitute for truth : “ Truth lives on in the illusion of Art , and it is from this copy , or after - image , that the original image will once again be restored ” ( 57 italics added ) .
On one hand , art is the preparation for truth : it goes before nature “ preparing the shape of things to come ” ( 57 ) .
This is not merely a preparatory role for it is suggested that art might be the very possibility of “ things to come , ” of truth .
On the other hand , art ’s merely preparatory mission suddenly acquires a special aura as Schiller argues that it is in this preparatory realm of art , before truth is reached , that the essentially human reveals itself : “ Even before Truth ’s triumphant light can penetrate the recesses of the human heart , the poet ’s imagination will intercept its rays and the peaks of humanity will be radiant while the dews of night still linger in the valley ” ( 57 ) .
Schiller does not bother reconciling these two opposite claims : first , that truth can and must be restored from its copy ( art ) , and , second , that the fully human emerges in the copy of truth , in the aesthetic .
The aesthetic is thus alternatively conceived as a means to an end and as an end in itself , depending on whether Schiller ’s major concern is truth or humanity .
Letter nine tries to fuse these two in an almost mystic image of glorious reason , from whose point of view everything is a tautology , and all has already been accomplished : “ In the eyes of a Reason which knows no limits , the Direction is at once a Destination , and the way is completed from the moment it is trodden ” ( 59 ) .
Even Schiller ’s language betrays a valorization of philosophy , truth , the good , the form drive .
Schiller speaks of “ the divine principle to form ” and advises the young artist to “ [ i ] mpart to the world ... a
Direction towards the good , ” “ to rear [ in his heart ] victorious truth and project it out of [ himself ] in the form of beauty ” ( 61 italics added ) .
On the other hand , he implies that nothing is lost in this externalization of truth , the appearance of truth ( beauty ) being equivalent to the truth that has been thus left concealed .
Schiller ’s task – “ to apprehend the necessary conditions of man ’s existence ” ( 71 ) — requires a “ firm basis ... which nothing shall shake ” ( 71 ) .
As much as he does not want to admit openly that only philosophy can provide such a firm basis , he cannot hide the fact that aesthetic education aims for “ the prize of truth ” ( 71 ) , for a transcendental grounding of the aesthetic .
Only philosophy can show that art is independent from philosophy .
Only by ontologizing semblance — and thus compromising it — can Schiller show pure semblance to be independent from truth .
Art must become a truth in its own right in order not to be identified with truth .
The speculative spirit of Schiller ’s aesthetic project comes to the forefront in letter six with Schiller ’s criticism of “ the spirit of speculation ” and “ the practical spirit . ”
The spirit of speculation is criticized for exalting the subjective conditions of its own perceptual and conceptual faculty into laws constitutive of the existence of things ” ( 39 ) .
However , Schiller is guilty of the same error .
In his desire to familiarize the transcendental , he psychologizes it [ 28 ] , turning Form and Matter / Reality into psychological drives , and , as he busies himself with a detailed analysis of the birth of consciousness and the act of perception , he implies that these psychological drives are themselves responsible for the construction of reality .
With this , he repeats the speculative gesture of deriving the objective world from the subject ’s subjective “ perceptual and conceptual faculty . ”
Thus , although Schiller wishes to distinguish himself from philosophers , who , in reflecting on beauty , are guided by feeling , fearing that they might otherwise “ destroy the dynamic of beauty , ” as well as from philosophers , who are guided by their intellect , fearing that otherwise they will the destroy “ the logic of beauty , ” beauty as concept ( 125 ) , his method repeats the ‘ mistake ’ of the second class of philosophers .
Despite the fact that he focuses his work around the central distinction between the two aspects of beauty — the dynamic and the logic of beauty —
Schiller only makes this distinction to define better the concept of beauty , the concept of semblance .
He is more concerned with the origin of beauty than with its effects on man , even though the nature of his project — an educational project — ought to have made him more concerned with effects rather than origins .
Ultimately , the letters deal with the truth of beauty , rather than with the work of beauty .
Although the truth of beauty is Schiller ’s real concern , he declares the goal of the aesthetic letters to be the overcoming of the inability of “ supreme intelligence ” to “ stop short of truth ” ( 193 ) .
Beauty must not be reduced to an object of the understanding ; its mystery must be preserved .
The discomfort Schiller feels with respect to the understanding is the same discomfort Plato feels with respect to mimesis .
Just as Plato considers mimesis removed from truth and yet powerful enough to threaten it , Schiller claims that the understanding cannot account for the aesthetic ( it is powerless ) at the same time fearing the real power of the understanding to destroy the very essence of the aesthetic , to which it , supposedly , has no access .
The understanding has the power of “ dissolving the essential amalgam of [ Beauty ’s ] elements [ thus dissolving ] its very being ” ( 5 ) .
The essence of Beauty is both beyond the understanding and a potential victim of it .
The question of the intellect ’s relationship to beauty opens up a series of problems that Schiller does not really take into account .
First , if the intellect is criticized for its inability to “ stop short of truth ” and , accordingly , Schiller ’s method tries to avoid this error by not taking the topic of the letters out of the reach of the senses , does this mean that whatever conclusions Schiller comes to in his analysis of the aesthetic state should not be considered truthful ?
Second , in letter twenty - six , Schiller makes the point that while “ supreme stupidity ” and ‘ supreme intelligence ” “ seek only the real and are completely insensitive to mere semblance ” ( 193 ) , free human nature delights in pure semblance .
However , Schiller makes a distinction between the idea of Beauty and its phenomenal instances .
A strange reversal takes place : insofar as phenomenal instances of beauty are not ideal beauty , they are semblances of the idea of Beauty , which , in turn , becomes ‘ true ’ Beauty .
It could be objected that these are merely logical semblances rather than pure semblance .
However , since Schiller insists that noumenal beauty is absolutely unattainable , the phenomenal manifestations of the noumenal cannot really be seen as a threat to the latter .
Thus , to the extent that phenomenal beauty cannot make any claims for being ideal and cannot be a threat to ideal beauty , it becomes autonomous .
The relationship of pure semblance ( the idea of beauty ) to truth is thus replicated in the relationship , within beauty , between phenomenal and noumenal beauty .
In the latter relationship an odd displacement takes place : Beauty takes the place of Truth and phenomenal beauty takes the place of Beauty .
As a result , phenomenal beauty becomes pure semblance and all the marvelous qualities that have been predicated to Beauty are now transferred to beauty , which means that now phenomenal beauty is identified with play , whereas Beauty tends toward the burdensome earnestness typically associated with Truth . [ 29 ]
The more Beauty draws back from phenomenal beauty , the more the latter pushes the former in the direction of earnestness and Truth .
This becomes evident in Schiller ’s comparison of the artist to the statesman - artist .
While the aesthetic object is allowed to remain “ an illusion for the senses ” ( 21 ) , aesthetic man must not merely seem aesthetic : he will be free to delight in semblance but he himself must not merely appear as semblance .
If he plays he must really play .
Schiller makes a very subtle distinction here between the aesthetic object as semblance and humanity as semblance or , rather , between aesthetic man ’s play ( the objects of play ) and aesthetic man as play . [ 30 ]
Semblance splits into ‘ authentic ’ semblance and another kind of semblance , a semblance that would be , like the aesthetic object , “ an illusion for the sense ” ( something like playing in bad faith ) .
Man ’s delight in semblance must itself be earnest .
In making semblance earnest , Schiller goes as far as to define man ’s delight in it as a “ sovereign human right ” ( 197 italics added ) , an “ undisputed right of ownership ” ( 195 italics added ) over that which is his work only .
From the question of sovereign human rights it is just one step to the question of freedom , and with that , to the impossibility of ‘ innocent ’ or ‘ natural ’ play .
If Schiller is consistent in at least one respect in his discussion of the relationship between nature and reason , it is in his inconsistency .
Often , having defined one of his two basic terms , he makes a sudden turn and redefines it in exactly the terms he used to define the other basic term .
In letter four , for instance , nature is associated with variety ( hence , the distortion resulting from the domination of nature over reason is characterized as “ confusion ” ) , whereas reason is associated with unity ( hence , the distortion resulting from reason ’s domination is characterized as “ uniformity ” ) ( 23 ) .
Accordingly , form is defined as a balance between unity and variety .
In letter six , however , speaking of the Greek ideal , Schiller associates nature with unity and reason with separation : “ [...] it was from all - unifying Nature [ that the Greek ] , and from all - dividing Intellect that [ modern man ] received their respective forms ” ( 33 ) .
Another instance , in which nature is associated with unity , is when nature is juxtaposed with truth and identified with art .
In this sense , nature is said to remain faithful to the thing in itself whereas , by extension , truth betrays the object .
When the poetic faculty is praised for being “ faithful to the object ” ( as opposed to pure intellect ) it is Nature who sets the limits to philosophy ( 43 ) .
This is not the debased “ mere nature ” that must be transcended but nature as unity , the unity of the perceiving mind with the object of perception , a unity not reducible to mere truth .
Thus , when nature occupies the place of the Ideal , it represents the principle of unity , but when it occupies the place of mere nature or the state of nature , it represents sheer multiplicity and variety .
Similarly , when reason is associated with the Ideal , with the “ triumph of form ” ( 23 ) , it represents the principle of unity , but when it is associated merely with man ’s thinking abilities , it represents the principle of separation .
It is clear that Schiller is not particularly systematic in his use of terms : in the last example , for instance , he does not bother to justify his confusion of Reason with the Intellect , principles or laws of thinking with thinking itself .
Slippages like this one are quickly brushed aside , sacrificed to the general impulse toward maintaining the symmetrical relationship of reason and nature at all cost .
In passages where nature is not associated with unity , it is represented by the development of individual faculties at the expense of others , and man is called upon to perform a necessary “ sacrifice ” of nature ’s tendency to “ sacrifice ...wholeness ” ( 43 ) .
So , whenever Schiller thinks nature as that which is outside man ( for example , in man ’s pre-cognitive relationship to the object which remains faithful to its reality ) , nature is exalted as a principle of harmony and unity , but whenever he speaks of nature specifically as human nature , nature is identified and criticized as a principle of multiplicity , variety , individuality , on which form must be imposed .
These two faces of nature can be shown to correspond to the two drives .
The first side of nature that Schiller distinguishes — nature as that which is outside man — is linked to the sense drive insofar as this drive aims at the externalization of subjectivity .
From this point of view , what is outside man is what he has externalized .
However , this ‘ good ’ nature which must be preserved ( as opposed to the other side of nature which must be transcended ) as a principle of unity with what is not man but supposedly outside him , this ‘ good ’ nature which is best exemplified by the poet ’s faithfulness to the thing in itself “ innocent from preconceptions ” ( 43 ) , this ‘ good ’ nature is nothing other than man ’s identity as a coincidence with himself .
This unity is a tautology , the mere correspondence between inside and outside , the success rate of the process of externalization of subjectivity .
Although the sense drive appears to establish a relationship between man and reality , and not just any relationship but a relationship of unity , this is in fact a relationship of man to himself .
The poet can remain faithful to the object because the object is just an aspect of his externalized subjectivity .
On one hand , then , nature tends towards diversity , and thus , supposedly , toward the “ sacrifice of wholeness . ”
On the other hand , Schiller talks of this natural diversity as a split , as a wound that needs to be healed : “ the split within man [ must be ] healed , and his nature so restored to wholeness ” ( 45 ) .
The implication is that there was a state , prior to the natural state , which is a state of being split or wounded , a state of wholeness that can and must be restored .
But since it would be absurd to claim that there is a state more natural than the natural state , the only state , to which man can be restored is an ideal state , or rather , since the ideal state can never be attained and has never existed in reality , it is not man that must be restored to wholeness , but the ideal of wholeness must be restored to man .
A rhetorical gesture .
Man will not be restored to freedom but the idea of freedom will be restored to him -- he will learn to believe in the idea of freedom .
Man could not have been whole in the natural state since then he was merely existing ( this is inevitable : to postulate a natural state is precisely to externalize , alienate matter , feeling ) , but neither could he have been whole once he had emerged from the natural state to society .
The Greeks are an exception , of course , but then again Schiller never really explains how the transition was made from the natural state to the ‘ good ’ organic Greek polis . [ 31 ]
Supposedly , the dual vision of nature proceeds from Schiller ’s desire to strengthen man ’s connection to nature , to make him more responsive .
However , both aspects of nature exist only as proofs of man ’s complete self - control , and of his control over what is not he .
What seems like an attempt at a romantic communion with nature is actually another solipsistic system in the tradition of Kant . [ 32 ]
In letter seven Schiller argues that man must “ on one hand , emancipate [ himself ] from the blind forces of Nature ; on the other , return to her simplicity , truth and fullness ” ( 47 ) .
But how does one distinguish between nature ’s blind forces and her “ simplicity , truth and fullness ” ?
To do that , man must be able to determine what in nature bounds him and what leaves him free .
He must be able to understand or predict the ways , in which nature will affect him .
But if he can do that he can also manipulate nature ’s effects on him .
He will be the one to determine if in one of its particular effects on him nature is not a force of blind necessity but only simplicity .
Once he emancipates himself from Nature as a blind force , the only way he can return to nature as simplicity is to realize that what has seemed to him , as necessity in nature is not really a necessity .
Nature will appear simple to him now that he is no longer bound by her .
Nature itself will not change , only his attitude toward her .
Thus , aesthetic education has the structure of a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Man becomes aware of a purpose and then searches for a state such that this purpose can be predicated to it and simultaneously projected into the future : “ [ he ] attributes to himself in this idealized natural state a purpose of which in his actual natural state he was entirely ignorant ” ( 11 ) .
This double function of nature as both an origin and a means to an end unmasks the essentially tautological nature of the transition from a natural to a moral state .
Reason must overcome the natural state but insofar as Reason itself produced the natural state ( as a fiction ) , aesthetic education is merely a matter of substituting one hypothesis ( what man must have been : natural man ) with another hypothesis ( what man ought to be : moral man ) , a purely tautological movement . [ 33 ]
Schiller ’s aim is to distinguish the legitimate territory of nature from that of reason and to prevent any infringement of one on the other .
However , such preventive strategies are possible only through a displacement or rather a mutual exchange of roles and territories , which in itself would be meaningless since it would be absurd for feeling to become thought ( and vice versa ) and still continue to be called feeling .
Because such an exchange is absurd , and because the concept of union itself is meaningful only insofar as it preserves the original distinction and does not sublimate it completely , there always remains the danger of one of the terms dominating the other .
This threat is intensified by Schiller ’s preoccupation with questions of history ( hence of origins and ends ) , which leads him to consider the nature - reason relationship in teleological [ 34 ] or narrative terms .
The generally unstable status of the origin destabilizes further this relationship making nature oscillate between an effect of man ’s Personality and an origin that man cannot account for .
In the fifth letter , for instance , nature is thought only as that , which affects us but not as that , from which our ability to be affected proceeds :
“ We disown nature in her rightful sphere only to submit to her tyranny in the moral ; and while resisting the impact she makes upon our senses are content to take over her principles ” ( 27 italics added ) .
Nature has two faces and it is , supposedly , within man ’s power to distinguish between them , indeed to categorize them as effects and principles .
In the fourth letter , Schiller claims that if man is to attain the state of reason and still preserve his freedom , “ this can be brought about through both these motive forces , inclination and duty , producing completely identical results in the world of phenomena ; through the content of his volition remaining the same whatever the difference in form ; that is to say , through impulse being sufficiently in harmony with reason to qualify as universal legislator ” ( 17 italics added ) .
There is no talk here of changing the nature of man but merely of achieving an identity in terms of concrete results , not changing the absolute or ideal nature of man but only its phenomenal , visible , measurable manifestations .
The possibility remains of leaving the original division between inclination and duty intact and merely disguising it better .
It appears that for Schiller the difference between inclination and duty , between sense and reason , is merely formal .
To say that the content of volition must stay the same whatever its form is to suggest that inclination and duty are merely different forms of volition with the same content , that the will does not change except externally , in its appearance .
The problem is further complicated by a strange reversal of the matter / form dichotomy because now it appears that form is the manifestation of content , that inclination ( nature ) and duty ( reason ) are manifestations — or forms — of one and the same content , whereas in some of the later letters Schiller will try to define the relationship between matter and form in precisely the opposite way , assigning to matter the role of a manifesting agency and to form the role of potential to be manifested .
What is unique about Schiller ’s notions of matter and form ( and of the two drives ) is that , contrary to common sense , which thinks content as that which is to be expressed , and form as the particular manner of expression — i.e. content is the potential awaiting form to make it manifest —
Schiller thinks form as the potential and matter as its manifestation .
This reversal is just one example of a general tendency in Schiller to move disparate or completely conflicting elements toward union by making each term take the place of the other .
Because the fusion of nature and reason will be a victory of the principle of nature ( union ) , the aesthetic is always in danger of being merely a hypostatization of nature and the moral merely a cosmetic surgery performed on inclination ’s not sufficiently presentable form .
But if we remind ourselves that for Schiller form is the invisible and content the manifestation of form , it turns out that the difference between form and content that has to be transcended is the difference between their phenomenal manifestations , which implies that their form is already , a priori , identical .
What needs to be changed is just their contingent objects in the world .
Inclination and duty are one will , which happens to be split into sensuous and moral objects .
All that is needed to overthrow the illusion that they are , as it were , two separate wills , is to regard the objects of inclination as objects of duty and vice versa :
“ The most frivolous theme must be so treated that it leaves us ready to proceed directly from it to some matter of the utmost import ; the most serious material must be so treated that we remain capable of exchanging it forthwith for the lightest play ” ( 157 ) .
With this , the privileging of nature over reason is offset by an equally well - disguised privileging of the principle of form over that of content [ 35 ] : in positing a priori the unity of inclination and duty , Schiller privileges the principle of form inasmuch as this unity exists as a potential , hence as form , that only needs to be restored or unconcealed .
The valorization of form is , in fact , necessitated by the project of aesthetic education .
Since the goal of the project is to make the law more human , Schiller must move upward rather than downward .
Rather than bringing the law down to nature — which is in itself inadmissible since the law must remain the law , its transcendental ground must not be compromised —
Schiller has to raise nature , find the law as already given , as potential , in nature itself .
The transcendental must be psychologized only to prove that the psychic is transcendental .
The only way to overcome the opposition of the sense to the form drive is to create the illusion [ 36 ] of the two drives exchanging their respective functions :
“ The play - drive ... will endeavour to receive as if it had itself brought forth , and so to bring forth as the intuitive sense aspires to receive ” ( 97 italics added ) .
The question is if , as Schiller says , the two drives are “ not by nature opposed ” ( 85 ) and have different objects , how could they be in need of reconciliation ?
If that reconciliation takes the form of mutually agreed upon exchange of territories — in the aesthetic state one senses Being and reflects on his perception ( though the former is clearly privileged by Schiller ) — then the problem beauty is called upon to fix is not a territorial struggle but the undue intensification of either of the two drives .
Thus , the basic separation of nature from reason is never seriously questioned .
The problem becomes one of proportions or limits only : it is a question of limiting nature with respect to what she does , and not with respect to reason , and limiting reason with respect to what it does , and not with respect to nature .
The final balance between nature and reason is achieved through the ‘ normalization ’ of reason and nature within their respective territories .
It is precisely because the split between nature and reason is not seriously challenged that the domination of the form - drive is so difficult to conceal .
The valorization of the form drive is evident in the distinction Schiller draws between two orders of freedom .
Freedom of the first order is defined as man ’s ability to act rationally at all , while freedom of the second order is based on the limitation by either reason or the senses .
The form drive thus operates on two levels — noumenal and phenomenal — whereas the sense drive is limited to the phenomenal realm .
The position from which Schiller thinks thought and sensation reveals his formalism .
In letter nineteen he identifies the work of the senses as a work of exclusion or negation ( in contrast to the more common identification of thought with negation ) .
The senses perform a negating function insofar as they make the infinite finite , establishing limits and thus creating reality .
But , says Schiller , “ mere exclusion would never ... produce reality ... unless something existed from which to exclude ” ( 129 ) .
This positive entity , through the negation of which reality is constructed , is form .
In place of the usual argument that thinking annuls the reality of its objects while the senses remain faithful to that reality , Schiller proposes that the senses are a negation of form as infinity , a negation which is itself a proof of something existing prior to that negation ( form ) .
We recognize the Kantian gesture here .
Just as in the Kantian sublime the failure of the imagination to provide a sensible representation of the object only points to man ’s supersensible vocation ( Reason ) , so in Schiller ’s account the limits imposed by the senses only point to infinity ( form ) as their very possibility .
Schiller follows
Kant in his description of beauty ( rather , sublimity ) as a negative representation : “ in its actual manifestation [ the absolute faculty , Reason ] is so little dependent upon the senses that ... it makes itself felt only when it is at odds with them ” ( 131 italics added ) .
Nowhere does the valorization of the form - drive become so obvious as in Schiller ’s account of perception [ 37 ] .
In letter eleven he acknowledges that the “ material of activity ... man has first to receive ... by way of perception , as something existing outside of him in space , and as something changing within him in time ” ( 75 ) .
But in passing through the phase of receptiveness ( perception ) man is already exercising his impulse to form inasmuch as in the act of perception man distinguishes himself as an intentional consciousness and thus creates the material of his perception .
Through perception difference comes into the world and , through difference , self - consciousness becomes possible .
Even if there is an element of receptiveness in perception , it is easily cancelled since as soon as difference comes into play , pure perceptiveness is no longer possible .
Thus the “ twofold task ” Schiller talks about — the task “ of giving reality to the necessity within , and subjecting to the law of necessity the reality without ” ( 79 ) — is the single task of making the externalization of internal necessity equally necessary , revealing the law of necessity already given in form rather than inventing the law , pretending that something exists outside us .
Schiller does not try to hide his belief that , indeed , the second reality is only an extension of the first and defines the knowledge of an object as “ attributing objective validity to a condition of our subject ” ( 81 ) , echoing Kant ’s definition of a reflexive judgment .
Once Schiller reaches the point where the impulse to form is already strong and active , he never goes back to the receptive - passive aspect of the aesthetic .
He talks sparingly about the aesthetic state as a contemplative one and he remains highly suspicious of the “ melting power of beauty ” ( 69 ) .
The rhetorical nature of aesthetic education [ 38 ] is unavoidable given that this is the education of already self - conscious man [ 39 ] .
The factor of self - consciousness makes Schiller ’s definition of the aesthetic state as one of infinite determinability problematic .
Schiller argues that before the mind is determined by sense impressions , it is in a state of “ unlimited determinability ” ( 129 ) .
In this originary state nothing “ has yet been posited , and consequently nothing yet excluded either ” ( 129 ) .
This plenitude or rather this lack of selectivity resembles too close Shiller ’s notion of the “ exactitude of beauty ” as an “ absolute inclusion of all realities ” ( 125 ) .
Schiller fails to draw a convincing distinction between the state of empty infinity and the aesthetic state , both of which are described as an infinity uninterrupted by any determination or selection .
The only difference is that the inclusiveness of the aesthetic is not infinite but determined , conscious .
Through perception “ reality [ comes ] into being but infinity [ is ] lost ” ( 129 ) .
Man becomes a subject through the loss of form as infinity and his mission is to recuperate that loss through the conscious creation of infinity .
Since Schiller ’s project is aimed at the aesthetic education of his contemporaries — the civilized “ barbarians ” — and not of man in the natural state , the famous “ step backward ” must be taken from the civilized state , not from the natural one .
Yet Schiller wants to argue that the step is taken from the natural state , which is why he must distinguish between empty infinity ( the state preceding man ’s determination by the senses ) and “ infinity filled with content ” ( 145 ) , the state man attains as a result of having stepped back to empty infinity through this determination by the senses , the state acquiring reality precisely because it has gone through the territory of the senses .
Thus , limit ( sense determination ) is used to restore ( or create ) infinity . [ 40 ]
A lack of independence ( sense determination ) is turned into freedom ( the aesthetic state ) .
However , only thought can turn determination into infinite determinability ; only the self - conscious man can make use of his determination and turn it into the ground of his freedom .
The sheer rhetoric of the reciprocity of the two drives is unmasked in the violence in Schiller ’s description of the original work of art , in which the material is consumed , not merely sublimated , by the form ( 157 ) .
The violence [ 41 ] is also explicit in Schiller ’s explanation of why the step from the aesthetic to the moral is easier than that from the natural to the aesthetic .
The former step is described as man “ merely taking from himself , not giving to himself , fragmenting his nature , not enlarging it ” ( 163 italics added ) .
‘ Man is free ’ means man is free to be his own tyrant , to fragment his own nature and suppress a part of it .
The movement Schiller has followed so far now seems absurd : matter has been ‘ liberated ’ from form and set alongside it only to be suppressed again .
The objectification of humanity demands a scapegoat so that the tautological nature of the process of objectification ( its rhetorical nature , its violence ) can be disguised .
Humanity is first enlarged ( matter , which has been subsumed under form , is set apart from it ) , then fragmented ( matter is suppressed again ) , and , finally , this fragmentation is supposed to enlarge man to a representative of the species .
Form is purified of content and offered as the ground for universally valid judgments .
Although at the end of letter sixteen Schiller promises to examine both melting and energizing beauty , he examines only the former and excludes the sublime ( energizing beauty ) .
The exclusion becomes explicit when Schiller points out the role melting beauty fulfills for natural and for civilized moral man .
The former she “ leads from sensation to thought ” , the latter she leads from “ concept back to intuition , and [ from ] law back to feeling ” ( 121 ) .
What melting beauty does , she does for a fictional man insofar as both natural man and the moral man are fictions .
Melting beauty — beauty in general , as opposed to the sublime ( energizing beauty ) — deals with the normalization of deviations .
Thus , she can only deal with the reduction or increase of feeling or thinking .
Beauty does the ‘ manual ’ work , so to speak : stabilizing , normalizing , refining , and polishing the rough edges .
Something else will be necessary to create in man a sense of Being and that something is energizing beauty , which Schiller is reluctant to call by its real name , the sublime .
Schiller ’s modernity lies precisely in this preoccupation with Being and its relationship to art .
At the end of letter fifteen Schiller gives the feeling of the Greeks for their gods as an example of play , defining play as “ the freest , most sublime state of being ” ( 109 italics added ) .
Schiller ’s other example , Juno Ludovisi , is supposed to be an example of beauty , but Schiller ’s description here is clearly one of a sublime experience .
There is the Kantian attraction to and repulsion from the sublime object — “ we abandon ourselves in ecstasy to her heavenly grace , her celestial self - sufficiency makes us recoil in terror ” ( 109 italics added ) — there is the solitude of the sublime object — “ a creation completely self - contained ” — there are Heidegger ’s and Maurice Blanchot ’s analogous notions of the nothing , the obscure , the neuter as that , which calls without imposing any demands on us , that which calls precisely by not calling — “ neither yielding , nor resisting ” — there is Barnett Newman ’s notion of the happening of time — “ no frailty where temporality might break in ” — and , finally , the Kantian motif of the quickening of the spirit — “ [ a ] wondrous stirring of the heart . ”
This is a state of mind , “ for which mind has no concept nor speech any name ” ( 109 ) .
This ecstatic abandonment of oneself , [ 42 ] this mixture of “ utter repose and supreme agitation ” ( 109 ) have nothing to do with the quiet , peaceful contemplation the beautiful object evokes .
The experience of “ lofty equanimity and freedom of the spirit ” ( 153 ) , as a state which is not itself contemplative , but offering a choice between abstract thought and direct contemplation ” ( 153 ) is clearly a sublime experience .
Schiller ’s focus on freedom in his definition of the aesthetic already hints at the tendency of his aesthetic to slip into the sublime insofar as freedom is typically associated with the sublime rather than with the beautiful object .
Despite Schiller ’s claims that play is never earnest , the association of play with freedom necessarily adds weight to what Schiller wants to present as something of “ little weight ” and of “ small account ” ( 105 ) .
The concept of freedom is inseparable from dignity and earnestness .
By insisting that “ freedom is itself an effect of Nature ... and not the work of Man ” ( 139 ) , Schiller affirms the dignified image of freedom ( an , by extension , play ) as he suggests that man did not have to work for his freedom , but found it already within him .
But the fact that he did not have to toil for his freedom makes it even more dignified .
The master is more dignified than the slave precisely because he already is who he is and does not need to work to become something else .
What is given a priori is always more ‘ respectful ’ than what must be worked for .
On the other hand , however , Schiller ’s definition of reason , which affirms the idea that Freedom is not an accomplishment for which man ought to be given credit , brings reason down to the level of sensation .
Schiller ’s definition of reason is narrow so as to establish common ground with feeling and to bring closer together the transcendental and the empirical realms .
Reason is defined as the mere consistency of consciousness , consciousness being the basic common denominator , what all people share .
The life of sensation is involuntary but so is the original manifestation of Personality or our coming to self - awareness .
This undermines the transcendental derivation of reason since it cannot account for the original awakening of self - awareness , which , Schiller admits , is not something man ought to be given credit for ( 135 ) .
Man cannot claim as his accomplishment the emergence of self - consciousness , and by extension , of reason : “ Thus sensation and self - consciousness both arise entirely without any effort on our part ” ( 137 ) .
Provided that both reason and sensation arise involuntarily and that it is not possible to argue for a transcendental ground of reason only , Schiller has no other choice but to make both sensation and reason transcendental .
Schiller ’s triad [ 43 ] ( nature — aesthetic nature — moral nature ) , in which the aesthetic is a bridge to the moral , keeps sliding into a different configuration where the aesthetic is defined as an unlimited determinability preceding mere nature ( which is already a state of determination itself ) .
But if the natural state is just a fiction , the necessary step backward , of which Schiller speaks , does not even have to be made in reality .
Once man is in the natural state — once he conceives of it — he is self - conscious ; the natural state exists only as the object of consciousness .
From this point he cannot go back to a state of pure determinability since that would require him to forget his self - consciousness , an act that can only be conscious and thus suspect .
All that he needs to do then , all that he can do , under these circumstances , to achieve the aesthetic state of infinite determinability is to conceive of such a state just as he conceived of the natural state .
The step backward can only be a rhetorical figure because the step man takes as he conceives of a natural state can only be parallel to that he takes as he conceives of an aesthetic state .
Self - conscious man — the only real man in the letters — thinks analogically , and if he thinks chronologically the histories he conceives are concealed analogues , metaphors of historicity .
Schiller ’s thought itself provides a clear example of analogical thinking with its proliferation of comparisons and contrasts .
The authenticity of the aesthetic state ( or of any state for that matter ) and of the freedom it is supposed to guarantee depends not upon whether it can be proven to be originary — transcendental — but simply upon man ’s power to imagine such a state well or at least as well as other states .
He will be free if he imagines himself free .
Schiller slips from a description of the beautiful to one of the sublime when he tries to exemplify the state of pure disinterestedness , in which the beautiful , supposedly , leaves us .
He argues that since a pure aesthetic experience is impossible , a beautiful work of art is bound to leave us “ in a particular mood and with some definite bias ” ( 153 ) .
Yet “ the more general the mood and the more limited the bias produced in us by any particular art ... the nobler that art ” ( 153 ) .
The nobler the art , the more intense will be the shock we feel if , after our aesthetic experience , someone tries to distract us to some other activity .
Interestingly enough , the examples Schiller chooses to illustrate that shock are experiences of sublimity ( 153 ) .
The implication is that sublime objects represent higher approximations to the ideal aesthetic experience than beautiful objects .
Freedom is sublimated to a lesser degree in the experience of the sublime .
Art is at its highest when it manages to overcome the limitations its own material ( medium ) imposes on it , when music becomes “ sheer form , ” when the plastic arts “ move us by the immediacy of their sensuous presence ” ( 155 ) i.e. , when art is sublime .
With this Schiller comes close to Newman ’s idea that what is at stake in art is art itself .
The aesthetic ( sublime ) object for Schiller transcends “ the specific limitations of the art in question ” ( 155 ) and becomes “ ever more like [ the other arts ] in [ its ] effect upon the psyche ” ( 155 ) .
Schiller ’s formalism comes to the surface in his description of the original work of art : “ In a truly successful work of art the contents should effect nothing ....
Subject - matter ... always has a limiting effect upon the spirit , and it is only from form that true aesthetic freedom can be looked for ” ( 155 ) .
Subject - matter or the actualization of form affects only parts of man while form affects the whole of man .
The sense drive for Schiller remains an outgrowth of the form drive ; its recognition is just a matter of recognizing the structure of the form drive , which is still assumed to constitute the whole of man .
The task of sublime modern art , as theorized by Barnett Newman and Jean - Francois Lyotard , is to make man be .
For this purpose , man has to be made passable to the unthought or to what Lyotard , after Heidegger , calls the event .
Schiller ’s concept of the aesthetic state as a state , in which man senses his own being [ 44 ] suggests the proximity of Schillerian aesthetic to the typically modern preoccupation with the sublime , although in Schiller ’s text that interest is consciously disguised because of its traditional ( Kantian ) ‘ guilty ’ associations with a human nature dominated by reason .
There is a certain continuity between Schiller ’s notion of the human as semblance , as something never really attaining essence , on one hand , and Lyotard ’s notion of the sublime , developed in The Inhuman : Reflections on Time , [ 45 ] as the Is it happening ?
The difference is that while for Schiller the aesthetic ( what he calls the beautiful but what cannot really exclude the sublime ) is a bridge closing the gap between one state of inhumanity and another ( where states of inhumanity are marked by the arbitrary domination of either one of the two drives ) , for Lyotard the sublime is the inhuman itself .
It is important , however , to distinguish between Lyotard ’s two types of the inhuman .
He defines humanity as a horizon , a coming into being , a lack .
That which makes man ’s insufficiency makes him human insofar as it is an openness to the event of being .
Humanity is not a given ( essence ) but waits to give itself ( semblance ) .
The first inhuman Lyotard distinguishes is man ’s belief in his own emancipation as a finite process yielding a final Resultat .
One could easily see the continuity between Schiller ’s pessimistic analysis of modern civilization ( in letter six ) and Lyotard ’s analysis , in The Inhuman , of the dehumanization the megalopolis inflicts upon the domus .
The second inhuman , of which Lyotard speaks is a resistance to the first inhuman ; it is our dept to humanity that “ needs no finality ” ( 7 ) .
The second inhuman , which is what makes us human , echoes Schiller ’s criticism of the maniacal inability of intelligence to stop short of truth .
Just as Schiller tries to preserve humanity ’s independence from truth , Lyotard warns against the danger of man ’s slavery to determinate thought with its devotion to truth , effectiveness , and productiveness .
What is the difference then between Lyotard ’s notion of the human as the second inhuman and Schiller ’s notion of the human as semblance ?
It would seem that Lyotard is still indebted to a certain notion of truth inasmuch as lack presupposes an essence and thus a failure or ‘ a fall from grace ’ , whereas Schiller ’s semblance is argued to be completely independent from truth .
However , as was already suggested earlier , Schillerian semblance is not completely dissociated from truth / essence .
Inasmuch as it is a form of self - determination , it shares common ground with Lyotard ’s Is it happening ?
Both are driven by an impulse toward objectification of the highest form of subjectivity .
Both Schiller ’s and Lyotard ’s definitions of the human are indebted to Kant ’s notion of negative representation but depart significantly from it .
Kant argues that only through the failure of the imagination does man become aware of his supersensible destiny ( reason ) and that this is sublime .
( However , Kant does not make it clear what exactly is sublime : the realization that we have a supersensible destiny or reason itself . )
Schiller and Lyotard also base their notions of humanity on a certain notion of failure or insufficiency — on one hand , Schiller ’s semblance as insufficiency inasmuch as essence is constitutive of semblance ’s autonomy through an odd reversal of the logic of the supplement whereby essence becomes the supplement of semblance , and , on the other hand , Lyotard ’s second inhuman as a sort of ‘ beneficial ’ insufficiency or protection against final self - determination .
Yet , although the Kantian structure of negative representation is preserved — a certain lack points toward the very essence or destiny of man — Schiller and Lyotard attribute a larger psychological or anthropological significance to what , for Kant , is mainly a question of the structure of the mind and the interaction between its faculties [ 46 ] .
In this sense , Schiller ’s aesthetic and Lyotard ’s sublime — and their notions of the human––appear somewhat melodramatic compared to the Kantian sublime .
One might say that they are a bit too ‘ literary ’ : they remind one of the classical definition of the tragic hero as a man essentially good but doomed to fail through an inherent personal insufficiency .
For Schiller and Lyotard the aesthetic is still a way of affirming man ’s dignity but no longer in the self - congratulatory , almost smug way in which Kant does it ; instead , there is a sense , in which man is humbled and if this is not so obvious in Schiller , who is still torn between the demand of nature — the demand for contemplation — and the demand of reason — the demand for active transformation of reality — it becomes especially obvious in Lyotard ’s notion of passability to the event .
Although Schiller ’s tendency to privilege the form drive over the sense drive points to the Kantian sublime as the triumphant self - assertion of reason in man , Schiller ’s interest is not limited to the free self - determination of man ( Kant ’s concern ) in his independence from nature ’s blind forces , but extends to man ’s ontological justification .
In this sense , Lyotard ’s interest in the occurrence or the event as the site of recovery of man ’s identity [ 47 ] parallels Schiller ’s concern with semblance ( the human ) as a sort of passage from one state of determination to another , [ 48 ] a passage , in which the very being of man is at stake inasmuch as the passage represents man ’s free self - determination and permanence .
Schiller ’s view of the life of the psyche is surprisingly atomistic given the overall tendency of his thought .
For Schiller , states of mind are completely isolated and autonomous and only the aesthetic manages to offset the shock of passing from one state to another .
Not only is the passage difficult but also man ’s identity is at stake every time such a passage becomes necessary .
Nothing guarantees the continuity of the human ; instead , it risks dissolving into Nought with every such passage .
Each state of mind is just another danger for the human since it determines man and thus destroys his freedom .
Humanity , it appears , exists only in the transition from one state to another : “ True , he [ man ] possesses this humanity in potentia before every determinate condition into which he can conceivably enter .
But he loses it in practice with every determinate condition into which he does enter .
And if he is to pass into a condition of an opposite nature , this humanity must be restored to him each time anew through the life of the aesthetic ” ( 147 italics added ) .
Yet , later Schiller claims that the aesthetic state is not a transition but the only purely autonomous state : “ Every other state into which we can enter refers us back to a preceding one , and requires for its termination a subsequent one ; the aesthetic alone is a whole in itself , since it comprises within itself all the conditions of both its origin and its continuance ” ( 151 ) .
Schiller is aware of the fragility of the human : the power of becoming human , granted us by nature , has been squandered and beauty , our “ second creatress ” ( 147 ) must give us a second chance .
For him , it is a mistake to posit the law of Reason as “ a positive origin ” ( 179 ) , a mistake to posit an origin of the human since the human never is but only returns as the link between what would have otherwise been unfreely determined states of mind .
Just as Schiller thinks man ’s ontological justification — reason — as the consistency of consciousness or the continuity between acts of perception , Lyotard , in The Differend , [ 49 ] thinks legitimation in terms of a necessary linking of one phrase to another in a discourse without a final phrase .
Whereas Kant ’s sublime fulfills an epistemological function — we discover that reason is our destiny — Schiller ’s aesthetic ( inasmuch as it cannot expel the sublime ) and Lyotard ’s sublime have an ontological role .
Kant is still concerned with determining the nature of the human , its quid , while Schiller and Lyotard are interested in the very possibility of the human , in its quod .
Much more is at stake in their aesthetic than in Kant’s .
Man himself is at stake and the question now is :
Is man ?
What makes this project difficult is that both Schiller and Lyotard intend to apply it to ennoble the already civilized ( read ‘ already corrupted ’ ) modern man , whose intellect is already developed .
Thus , when Schiller insists that modern man must “ stop short of truth ” and when Lyotard says that man must preserve the unthought or what he calls an “ initial reception ” ( 50 ) , “ an empirical or transcendental mode whereby the mind is affected by a ‘ matter ’ which it does not fully control ” ( 50 ) , we are faced with the absurd task of demanding from self - conscious modern man to be spontaneously uninterested in truth and to make himself spontaneously powerless .
Just as for Lyotard man ’s freedom consists in his absolute surrender of control over that which affects him , for Schiller freedom is man ’s infinite , and conscious , determinability , the inclusion of all realities ( as opposed to empty infinity , which , too , is a lack of selectivity in one ’s self - determination but a purely unconscious lack ) .
Both Schiller and Lyotard run the risk of reducing their notion of freedom to a self - fulfilling prophecy : man is free because , or to the extent that , he decides that he is free .
He is free since he chooses ( thinks ) not to be selective but open to all kinds of determination .
He is free because he can decide to be free , presumably even under the most unfree circumstances .
Lyotard ’s project of saving man from the danger of solipsism inherent in Kantian aesthetic fails like a circular argument .
The formulation of the problem of passability ( in Schiller ’s case , semblance as a passage between different states of determination ) in terms of a project ( the project of saving the honor of thinking , the honor of modern man ) makes the result suspect .
When Lyotard asks the mind to make itself passable to , to make room for the remainder , he is already implying that there is no remainder but the mind must create it : the mind takes something out of itself in order to give it back to itself under the mask of the unthought .
Instead of revealing being as the “ donation ” ( Lyotard 111 ) , the mind is asked to become its own donor , to donate the remainder , which it has extracted from itself , back to itself .
The problem is whether the mind can deceive itself that what it becomes passable to is not its own creation : “ [ I ] f what we are passable to has first been plotted conceptually how can it seize us ? ” ( 111 )
Similarly , if , as Schiller suggests , the aesthetic is already given in us as a part of our nature , how can we deceive ourselves that aesthetic education is necessary , given that this education requires us to fragment our nature ?
After all , Schiller openly declares that the transition from the aesthetic to the moral requires man to “ merely [ take ] from himself ... fragmenting his nature , not enlarging it ” ( 163 italics added ) .
There is an inherent violence in the organic or living form that gives itself the law inasmuch as the act of giving oneself the law presupposes voluntary fragmentation : one fragments oneself in order to unify oneself . [ 50 ]
The natural law requires an initial denaturalization for the sake of autonomy and unity .
Both Schiller ’s aesthetic and Lyotard ’s sublime respond to a threat , the threat of not happening , of not linking onto the next phrase ( Lyotard ) , of not passing from one state of determination to another ( Schiller ) .
In the first case , possibility itself is conceived as man ’s freedom ; in the second case , Schiller wants to argue that it is only because man is free that he is able to be determined , but this freedom is not merely the opposite of determination : man is free insofar as he chooses to be determined .
Inasmuch as Schiller ’s project aims at the transcendence of nature as a way back to nature , his ideas share a lot with those of Barnett Newman .
Newman talks of the transcendence of nature as a transcendence of an attitude of sensibility toward nature : “ Communion with nature is confused with love of nature ... a concern with nature , instead of doing what it was supposed to do — give man some insight into himself as an object of nature — accomplished the opposite and excluded man , setting him apart to make nature the object of romantic contemplation ” ( 109 ) .
In Newman ’s aesthetic , nature is transcended so that man can be brought back to a communion with it .
This is the meaning of ‘ making man present ’ ( which is what Newman ’s art was supposed to do ) and of the reduction of nature to its quod .
The command Be ! — or in Schiller ’s terms , the command Be free !— supposedly puts man back in the primitive state of “ totemic affinity ” ( Newman 109 ) [ 51 ] or , in Schiller ’s terms , in the state of complete objectification of the subject .
Nature is transcended so that man can be included .
Nowhere does Schiller sound as modern as he does in his discussion of form and content and his advise to the artist .
Newman underscores the importance of taking the artistic medium for granted , the main question being what to do with the plastic elements ( 145 ) .
Similarly , Schiller ’s claim that the artist must renounce subject matter , letting form consume content , takes the material for granted and does no longer conceive of it as a means of expression .
Whatever the artist accomplishes — both for Lyotard and for Schiller — is beyond the medium / material , not through it .
The problem with this notion of the nature of the work of art is that the mere consumption or transcendence of matter does not by itself , automatically , result in pure form or the plasmic , to use Newman ’s term , which is , supposedly , the artist ’s only ‘ subject matter ’ ( Newman 143 ) .
There is a ‘ limbo ’ between the absence of matter ( its consumption ) and the presence of form , between the absence of nature and the presence of reason .
Schiller tries to identify the aesthetic as precisely this limbo but , as we saw , he cannot preserve its purity and self - sufficiency and keeps overstepping the boundary that is supposed to separate it from the realm of form and reason . [ 52 ]
Trying to defend the independence of modern American art from the classical roots of European art , Newman makes the claim that “ the European artist has been continually involved in the moral struggle between notions of beauty and the desire for sublimity ” ( 171 ) .
Schiller ’s notion of semblance , as we saw , is rooted in the tension between the beautiful and the sublime .
Thus , it makes sense to look at Schiller ’s ( European ) aesthetic in the context of Newman’s .
Although Schiller recognizes both the savage and the civilized barbarians as deviations from the human as pure semblance , his more immediate , practical concern lies with the latter , with his contemporaries , and thus with the task of bringing thought back to intuition and feeling .
This task requires a certain privileging of the senses over reason for the sake of restoring the lost balance .
From this perspective , then , what modern man needs are the effects of “ melting beauty ” ( which privileges matter ) rather than those of “ energizing beauty ” ( which privileges form ) .
This might explain why the sublime , disguised as “ energizing beauty , ” is excluded from modern man ’s aesthetic education , which turns into a nostalgic glorification of Greek art .
Newman rightly points out that European aesthetics has been an aesthetics of “ memory , association , nostalgia , legend , myth ” ( 173 ) [ 53 ] ; Schiller ’s invocation of the Greeks is evidence of that .
However , even though Schiller looks at art with “ the nostalgic glasses of history ” ( Newman 173 ) , and thus inscribes himself in the European tradition , from which Newman wants so desperately to dissociate American modern art , the goal of Schiller ’s aesthetic project is very close to that of Newman’s .
While Newman argues that new ( American ) art transcends the abstract realm to make that realm real ( 163 ) , Schiller contends that aesthetic education transcends nature only to bring us back to nature i.e. , that the task of the aesthetic is to make Reason real .
That Schiller ’s nostalgia for the Greeks actually distances his notion of art from that of the Greeks , placing it closer to certain modern trends in aesthetics , becomes obvious in Schiller ’s own writing and thinking on the place of the Greeks in aesthetics , specifically in On Naive and Sentimental Poetry , where he defines the moderns ’ sentimental attitude toward the Greeks :
“ The feeling of which we here speak is therefore not that which the ancients had ; it is rather identical with that which we have for the ancients .
They felt naturally ; we feel the natural ” ( qtd. in Behler 147 ) .
Schiller ’s education cannot make modern man into a Greek , who feels naturally but can only ennoble him to feeling the natural or , in more general terms , it can not make man feel the abstract ( reason , the moral law ) but can only make the abstract appear real or natural .
Whereas feeling naturally presupposes a direct relationship , an intimacy with nature , feeling the natural signifies man ’s relationship with himself , a relationship with one of the faculties of his mind .
Insofar as Newman argues that art concerns man ’s relation with himself , a relation defining man ’s religious feeling ( 93 ) , Schiller ’s project has a certain religious impulse behind it . [ 54 ]
After all , he aims at the absolute objectification of subjectivity , which certainly comes close to the end of the religious impulse : the sacrifice of subjectivity , particularity in the name of a higher , absolute power .
On the other hand , this self - objectification in no way disparages man ; on the contrary , it only underscores his dignity .
Schiller is as concerned with asserting man ’s dignity ( freedom ) as Newman , for whom the defense of that dignity is the ultimate subject matter of art ( 105 ) .
Although Schiller begins AEM with the intention of discovering the nature of beauty and proposing it as a bridge to the moral state , by the end of the work his focus has shifted as he becomes increasingly concerned with the possibility of the human itself , the aesthetic turning into an end in itself . [ 55 ]
As long as the aesthetic is conceived as merely a transition to another , higher state , Schiller ’s emphasis falls on the rehabilitation of the senses and the goal of his project is what Newman defines as the typically European preoccupation with the question " “ whether beauty [ is ] in nature or could be found without nature ” ( 173 ) .
As soon as the aesthetic becomes an end in itself , the question of beauty is replaced by the question of the being of man , and with that , the excluded sublime claims the place that it has been denied .
This tension in Schiller ’s thought can be viewed in terms of what Newman perceives as the main difference between European and modern American art .
European art , he says , is concerned with the transcendence of objects ( making the objective subjective ) while American art is concerned with the reality of the transcendental experience ( making the subjective objective ) ( 164 ) , and , we might add , with the sublime , with “ absolute emotions ” ( 173 ) such as the sense of Being or , in Schiller ’s terms , man ’s sense of freedom , the sense of a unified consciousness , which passes from one state to another without being destroyed .
Not only does Schiller ’s interest in the human as such reveal his modernity ; his ideas about art foreshadow some of the central claims Newman makes about abstract expressionism .
Schiller ’s belief that the noblest art would be that which transcends the limitations of its own medium and tends towards a certain synesthesia , dissolving into the other arts until it is purified of any content , echoes in Newman ’s exaltation at the modern impulse toward precisely such a fusion of the arts and an overcoming of mimesis : “ Modern painting is an attempt to change painting into a poetic language , to make pigment expressive rather that representational ....
The whole drive of poetry ... and in recent times of painting and prose , has been in the direction of music , to divorce the languages of literature and painting from the confusing dichotomy inherent in their media so that they would function purely and abstractly in the manner of musical notes ” ( 88 - 89 ) .
Schiller ’s insistence on the consumption of content by form foreshadows Newman ’s distinction between the plastic and the plasmic element in art .
Newman points at the ‘ primitive ’ artist , for whom beauty transcends the “ surface qualities of the art medium ” ( 143 ) as a model for the modern artist , who , too , must not reduce his work to “ the mere manipulation of the tools of the given medium ” ( 144 ) .
The artist must give the plastic elements a plasmic function ( 144 ) and should express nothing else but the human condition ( 130 ) .
It might seem that in glorifying the Greeks Schiller is guilty of what Newman condemns as the error of Greek and European aesthetic , the reduction of the beautiful to perfect form :
“ To us today there is no doubt that Greek art is an insistence that the sense of exaltation is to be found in perfect form , that exaltation is the same as ideal sensibility ” ( Newman 171 ) .
Newman criticizes the Greeks for making purity as a “ poetic metaphor ” “ the geometrical equivalent of material perfection , ” thus creating “ an art of self - conscious sensibility ” and a notion of beauty as “ the love of ideal sensations ” ( 167 ) .
Although Schiller ’s examples of phenomenal beauty often border on the merely decorative ( for example , in passages where he talks of refined manners as an instance of beauty ) , his definition of the play - drive owes nothing to the “ Greek fanaticism of refinement ” ( Newman 167 ) but is much more akin to Newman ’s descriptions of sublimity .
The play - drive , Schiller notes , annuls time within time “ reconciling becoming with absolute being ” ( 97 ) .
Newman describes his sublime experience of the Indian mounds in the Ohio valley , a hundred and fifty years after Schiller , in strikingly similar terms : “ Suddenly one realizes that the sensation is not one of space or [ of ] an object in space ....
The sensation is one of time .... I insist on my sensations in time — not the sense of time but the physical sensation of time ” ( 175 ) .
The sensation of time , to which Newman refers here is the happening of time , time as a quod , which is nothing but Schiller ’s annulment of time within time , an absolute sensation , the sensation of Being : “ Where then the form drive holds sway , and the pure objects acts within us , we experience the greatest enlargement of being ; all limitations disappear ... we are no longer in time ; time ... is in us ” ( Schiller 83 , italics added ) .
A lot has been written about the social and political significance of Schiller ’s aesthetic program and although scholars have not failed to point out the curious mixture of psychic and transcendental material in that program , Schiller ’s aesthetic has not been , as far as I know , approached as an ontology .
Perhaps the reason for this is the same reason we suggested as an explanation for the instability and inconsistency in Schiller ’s thought .
The exclusion of the sublime from the aesthetic education of man might have found its equivalent in the exclusion of the question of the being as such from Schiller scholarship .
It is precisely this question , however , that makes Schiller modern inasmuch as modern man , preoccupied as he is with his self - justification , discovers the elusive sense of being in the experience of the sublime , an experience , which modern art , abstract expressionism in particular , tries to evoke .
The question of being does not seem to be Schiller ’s primary concern in AEM ; yet , the final goal of aesthetic education — the creation of the moral state — hinges on the ontological justification of man as a free , self - determined subject .
What makes Schiller interesting to modern readers is the irresolvable tension between a genuinely idealistic intention — the establishment of the autonomy of art — and the difficulty or impossibility of purifying the aesthetic of its historical or philosophical content .
Ultimately , Schiller ’s modernity lies not in the ideological ( rhetorical ) nature of his aesthetic — that would be a gross simplification of Schiller ’s thought — but rather in the aesthetic nature of that ideology , in the attempt to restore to man the belief in freedom ( beauty ) even if that freedom , like everything else , has been negated by the ideology of the aesthetic .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || Nye regler vil gi dagens pensjonister en kraftig skatteøkning .
Nå varsler landets pensjonister storm mot regjeringen etter ferien .
- Vi har støtte både i LO og YS , sier leder i Norsk Pensjonistforbund , Borge Rørvik , til NTB .
Han har hatt møte med finansminister Sigbjørn Johnsen , men ble skuffet over den avvisende holdningen han møtte .
Ført bak lyset Pensjonistene mener regjeringen fører folk bak lyset ved å beskrive nyordningen som en fordel for folk med lav pensjon .
- At de nye skattereglene gjelder fremtidige pensjonister basert på pensjonsreformen er greit nok , men de blir også gjort gjeldende for dagens pensjonister som ikke har mulighet for å tilpasse seg de nye reglene .
Og det er ikke greit , sier Rørvik .
Et dårlig signal Rørvik sier pensjonsreformen gradvis blir innført for de framtidige pensjonistene mens skattereformen blir innført med full effekt for dem som allerede er pensjonister .
- Norsk Pensjonistforbund kan ikke akseptere at pensjonsinntekt beskattes sterkere enn lønnsinntekt , sier Rørvik .
Han sier forbundet i hovedsak er enig i pensjonsreformen , men dypt uenig i at dagens pensjonister skal beskattes hardere for å finansiere reformen .
- Det er prinsipielt galt å la dagens pensjonister betale for fremtidens pensjonsreformer , sier Rørvik .
Han sier dagens pensjonister allerede er fratatt rettigheten til en utvikling av pensjonsveksten på linje med lønnsveksten i samfunnet .
Så får vi nå i tillegg en skjerpelse i trygdeavgiften .
- Det er et dårlig signal til oss som har vært med på å bygge dette landet , sier en opprørt pensjonistleder .
Bred motstand Tidligere har den nye paraplyorganisasjonen , Seniorenes Fellesorganisasjon , ( SF ) protestert heftig mot regjeringens skatteforslag .
Det er den relativt nystartede organisasjonen Seniorsaken sammen med Forsvarets Pensjonistforbund og Landsforeningen for offentlige pensjonister som utgjør kjernen under paraplyen .
De tre organisasjonene har i en uttalelse til regjeringen hevdet at myndighetene bruker opparbeidede rettigheter som en salderingspost i sin utjevningspolitikk .
Den rødgrønne regjeringen har heller ikke tidligere stått spesielt sterkt hos pensjonistgruppene knyttet til SF .
Derfor er det langt alvorligere at regjeringen nå møter en minst like innbitt motstand fra Norsk Pensjonistforbund .
LO og offentlig sektor Alle pensjonistorganisasjonene har erklært seg politisk uavhengige , men Norsk Pensjonistforbund har sitt utgangspunkt i LO og sin sterkeste forankring i pensjonister fra offentlig sektor .
Bak protesten til regjeringen står pensjonistlag fra gamle Televerket , Jernbanen , Statens vegvesen , Posten , Politiet og LOs Statspensjonistutvalg .
- Så langt har vi bare talt til døve ører , men vi har ikke tenkt å gi oss , sier Rørvik som varsler kamp helt fram til statsbudsjettet legges fram og behandles i Stortinget .
For en regjering med fallende oppslutning på meningsmålingene er det neppe noen vinnersak å få landets pensjonister på nakken på et tidspunkt da de rødgrønne jobber med sitt strammeste budsjett hittil .
( NTB )
Speed run of Solstice with 100 % map and item collection , done on March 30 2007 .
Available in five versions : low / normal quality DivX , and normal / high / low quality H.264 MPEG - 4.
Author 's comments :
This is my second " 100 % " speedrun for Solstice .
I just got a pair of brand new pair of Composite cables for my NES , as the RF cable I had been using for my entire life had gone bad .
When I tried the new cables , I was stunned at how improved the audio and video quality were .
I figured I 'd celebrate by doing a speedrun of my favorite NES game , a game that I know better than I know my own house , Solstice .
This is a speedrun where I get a 100 % completion rate without taking a single hit , which is a difficult task in itself ; it means that I visit all 252 rooms , and collect every item .
The run looks and sounds exponentially better than the last run , and is around half a minute faster , despite the route remaining mostly unchanged .
In fact , aside from imperfections stemming from being only human , there 's probably a combined amount of five seconds of mistimed jumps or walking in the wrong direction .
Overall , this is a very clean run .
My previous effort on this game was very popular among the other seventeen people in the world that care about Solstice , and received a mention in a 1up.com article for my " borderline pathological " mastery of the game ( which is true ; I once had a minimalist speedrun that was faster than the tool - assisted emulator run at the time , meaning that I effectively beat the game faster than a computer ) .
So , I 'm very happy to have trumped the previous run , and to provide a much better - looking one in the process .
Have fun .
( Left ) The bladeless wind turbine , and ( right ) the stack of disks which rotate and are connected to a shaft .
Image credit : Solar Aero .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A bladeless wind turbine whose only rotating component is a turbine / driveshaft could generate power at a cost comparable to coal - fired power plants , according to its developers at Solar Aero .
The New Hampshire - based company recently announced its patent on the Fuller wind turbine , which is an improvement on a patent issued to Nikola Tesla in 1913 .
The bladeless wind turbine is completely enclosed in a relatively small compact unit .
Instead of using wind - powered blades to rotate a shaft and generator , the Tesla - inspired design consists of an array of closely spaced , parallel , thin metal disks separated by spacers .
When air flows in the spaces between the disks , the spacers are arranged in such a way as to provide inward momentum to the air , causing the disks to move .
The disks are connected to a shaft by spokes , so that the rotating disks cause the shaft to rotate as well .
As explained in the patent held by Howard Fuller , the turbine design “ provides maximum efficiency in converting wind energy to mechanical power . ”
“ The turbine of the present invention has the advantage that it is efficient over a wider range of fluid flow rates , as compared with turbines of the prior art , due to the airfoil - shaped spacers , ” the patent explains .
“ This feature makes the present turbine especially useful for generating power from wind , which is inherently random and variable . ”
What this efficiency translates to , according to a recent article at EcoGeek , are final costs of about $ 1.50 / watt rated output , which is roughly 2/3 the cost of comparable bladed units .
Further , “ total operating costs over the lifetime of the unit ” are estimated at about $ 0.12 / kWh , which is comparable to current retail electrical rates .
The number of disks determines the amount of power that can be produced , and a unit the size of the one pictured should be capable of generating 10 kW of power , according to the company .
One major advantage of not having blades is reduced maintenance costs .
For instance , the turbines can be mounted on towers or poles , while generator equipment can be located at the tower base , eliminating the need for climbing the tower for routine maintenance .
Also , the turbines only need to be mounted high enough to clear nearby obstacles to wind flow .
Since there are no external blades that require ground clearance , the tower can likely be shorter than those used for turbines with blades .
Further , the screen - enclosed turbine prevents injuries to birds and bats , avoids the visual pollution of spinning blades , and proper construction can make the turbine nearly transparent to radar microwave emissions , such as those from nearby defense facilities .
Due to its reduced maintenance costs and limited infrastructure requirements , the turbine could even be located on urban rooftops .
Besides wind , the turbine ’s design also makes it adaptable for geothermal applications , in which a heated fluid is used to drive the turbine .
Since the turbine works even with relatively cool fluid , the invention could be particularly useful for situations where the geothermal source does not provide enough heat to produce the “ superheated ” steam needed to drive a conventional steam engine .
Explore further Smart wind turbines can predict the wind
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Marc Guggenheim Takes Over Justice Society of America
Beginning with October 's Issue # 44
Marc Guggenheim ( Amazing Spider - Man , The Flash ; The Fastest Man Alive ) has been announced as the new writer of DC Comics ' Justice Society of America series , beginning with October 's issue # 44 .
Guggenheim is also currently working on screenplays for Green Lantern 2 and the Flash .
On the DC Comics : The Source blog , Guggenheim had this to say about the book 's new direction :
“ For me , one of the advantages of working for “ the Big Two ” is getting to play with the biggest toys in the sandbox .
The Justice Society so fits that category , my inner fanboy is squealing with delight .
I was a huge fan of the JSA back when they were ensconced on Earth - 2 and I was introduced to their exploits in the pages of Adventure Comics and the annual JLA / JSA crossovers .
Our goal is to craft as JSA run for the ages and I think we ’ve come up with something that ’s revolutionary while still feeling uniquely ' Justice Society .
'
Pay close attention to that second word .
Big clue there . ”
The new interior art team has not been revealed , but Shane Davis will be providing the covers .
The current Justice Society of Amercia book has had some strong writers including Geoff Johns and Bill Willingham .
How do you think Marc Guggenheim will do ?
Bulgarian police have discovered an absolutely unique greenhouse for growing cannabis near the northern town of Dolna Mitropoliya .
The greenhouse is equipped with special folio isolation , air conditioners , lamps , and gas heating devices for maintaining a permanent temperature .
The greenhouse consists of three sizable sections ; a fourth section is under construction .
According to the head of the police in the nearby city of Pleven , Plamen Pavlikyanov , no drug facility of this kind has ever been discovered in Bulgaria .
The police found 497 pots with grown cannabis plants , and 252 young plants ready for planting .
Until the results of the special tests become available , the police are still unable to determine how much cannabis was found in the greenhouse because it is measured when it is dried .
The police have arrested two men from the city of Pleven as suspects for running the cannabis greenhouse , aged 39 and 38 .
One of them rented the facility from a nearby ostrich farm , and it is technically located on its territory .
It is still unclear who funded the construction of the greenhouse and what market the cannabis has been destined for .
The two arrested men are charged with growing high - risk narcotic plants in order to distribute them .
... as nominated by several hundred nostalgic , long - suffering members of the Technologizer community .
People just love error messages .
Love ’em , love ’em , love ’em .
At least that ’s the conclusion I ’m drawing right now : “ The 13 Greatest Error Messages of All Time ” is by far the most popular story in Technologizer ’s short history .
And hundreds of folks did n’t just read the article–they shared their own favorite errors in the comments , with at least as much passion as the community brings to burning subjects such as the iPhone NDA or the fate of Windows XP .
I thoroughly enjoyed delving into all that feedback and learning about errors which I ’d never heard of …and in some cases , being reintroduced to ones which I ’d managed to block out of my memory .
If you do n’t have time to burrow through nearly 400 comments ’ worth of conversation like I did , I understand–and I ’m here to help .
Here are some truly outstanding error messages , selected from all the ones mentioned in comments by a blue - ribbon panel which consisted of …well , me .
I focused on ones that were verifiably real , and mostly on ones mentioned by multiple contributors .
And I ended up with a bakers ’ dozen of them , just as in the first story .
I call this list The 13 Other Greatest Error Messages of All Time … and as with the first roundup , let ’s do it as a countdown , shall we ?
13 . Nonsense in BASIC ( ZX Spectrum )
I am an American , and while that distinction carries any number of benefits and privileges , it does mean that I ’ve been deprived of some truly inspired error messages over the years .
Back in the 1980s , the UK ’s wildly popular ZX Spectrum home computer sported a version of the BASIC programming language that responded to errors on the user ’s part with a message that was snippy and even a little insulting : “ Nonsense in BASIC . ”
If I had owned a Spectrum , I ’d have done my best to avoid being chided by my computer that way .
Which might have made me a better programmer , and therefore grateful that it minced no words .
12 . Make :
Do n’t know how to make love .
Stop. ( Unix )
If you ’re not a Unix nerd , this one almost is n’t worth your time .
But it came up multiple times in comments , so it ’s clearly beloved by some .
It ’s one of a number of nerdy Unix games that involves entering a Unix command with purposefully meaningless modifiers or other errors that cause Unix to respond with an unintentionally funny message .
In this case , you enter “ make love , ” with make being a Unix command and love being a meaningless modifier .
Unix responds with Make :
Do n’t know how to make love , which–oh , let ’s just move on to errors that are easier to explain …
11 , 10 , and 9 . WHAT ? , HOW ? , and SORRY ( TRS - 80 Level I BASIC )
I ’ve encountered these messages many times myself , but had forgotten about them until commenter John brought them up .
When Radio Shack ’s TRS - 80 personal computer debuted in 1977 , it shipped only with a programming language known as Level I BASIC .
It fit in 4KB of memory –.0039 of one megabyte , and one - third of the space used by the image of a TRS - 80 on the right –which left little room for features and virtually no room for fripperies such as error messages .
So it had only three of them , all of which consisted of one word ( rendered in ALL CAPS – the original TRS - 80 also did n’t pamper owners with luxuries such as lower - case letters ) .
WHAT ?
meant that the TRS - 80 did n’t understand you , perhaps because you ’d made a typo .
HOW ?
meant you were asking it to do something impossible , such as divide by zero .
And SORRY usually meant that the computer had run out of memory … which happened all the time .
With only three errors to cover every possible problem , the TRS - 80 was necessarily general rather than specific .
But unlike many computers of the era , it did n’t spew errors laden with numbers or abbreviations .
There ’s a weird elegance in WHAT ? , HOW ? , and SORRY –and that ’s not something you can say about many error messages .
8 . You do n’t exist .
Go away .
( Unix )
Computer geeks are known for their lack of social graces .
Unix ( and latter - day offspring such as Linux ) are known for being loved by computer geeks .
End result : Unix has more brusque , undiplomatic error messages than any other operating system .
Such as You Do n’t Exist .
Go Away , an error which Unix systems sometimes fling at the user when there ’s a password - related problem .
It ’s delightfully dismissive and demeaning –I ’m saying this as someone who ’s never gotten it , of course–and , like many great error messages , is gratuitously unhelpful .
It ’s also the only message here which makes me think of both an Eleanor Roosevelt quote ( “ No one can make you feel inferior without your permission ” ) and an Emily Dickenson poem ( “ I ’m nobody !
Who are you ? ” ) .
7. Silly ( Acorn BBC Microcomputer )
Yup , another error message from a 1980s British machine !
Silly was n’t how the “ Beeb ” responded to any error on the user ’s part that might reasonably be called silly .
Instead , it reserved the message for instances in which the user attempted to renumber or auto - enter a BASIC program with line numbers that incremented by zero ( which was impossible ) or more than 255 ( which was possible but excessive ) .
Maybe I ’m reading an empathetic tone into the message that is n’t really there , but I do n’t see Silly as a potshot–it feels more like an amused appreciation of an intentionally comical act by the user .
In other words , the BBC was laughing with its owner rather than at him or her .
It ’s a pity that more error messages are n’t so ingratiating .
Read more :
As we all know , Republicans are willing to extend the Bush tax cuts for the rich ( without paying for them ) , and yet they 've filibustered every effort to stimulate the economy , extend unemployment benefits and create jobs .
Their reasoning ?
Tax cuts stimulate the economy , they say , but stimulus spending -- specifically ARRA and any additional stimulus spending -- does n't work .
Of course they 're extraordinarily wrong .
FACT : Every dollar spent on unemployment benefits creates $ 1.61 in economic growth .
FACT : Every dollar spent on the Bush tax cuts only creates $.32 in economic growth -- that 's a 68 cent loss on investment .
Via USA
Today , here 's the return on investment chart from Moody 's Analytics .
Hardly a left - wing outfit .
I know the Republicans can do the math .
So it 's not a stretch to accuse them of supporting the Bush tax cuts and opposing more stimulative actions because they 're interested in sabotaging the economy and , thus , the president .
This has to be shouted into every TV camera every day by every member of the administration starting now .
( big HT Joe Wosik )
A childless female monkey has found a way to satiate her maternal drive — adopt a baby from another species , zookeepers report today .
The mother , a golden - headed lion tamarin named Maternal Juanita , lives at the ZSL London Zoo .
She took a liking to her neighbor 's baby — an emperor tamarin — just weeks after it was born .
Now the surrogate mum can be seen jumping around zoo exhibits with the 2 - month - old baby on her back .
The emperor tamarin's grey body and white moustache stand out against its " mother 's " fiery orange mane .
The baby tamarin is already showing signs of an adult 's signature white moustache .
In fact , the animals are thought to have been named after the Emperor of Germany , Emperor Wilhelm II , due to their long , white moustaches .
" Juanita has never had a baby before so it seems like her mothering instinct has just kicked in this time around , " said Lucy Hawley , a senior zookeeper at the zoo .
" Who knows what animal she 'll be carrying around next ? "
Emperor tamarins , native to South America , are usually raised by their fathers who carry them until they are old enough to fend for themselves .
Despite the monkey mix - up , there does not seem to be any hard feelings between Juanita and her neighbor – the biological parent of the emperor tamarin .
" At first the father of the emperor tamarin baby was a little nervous about Juanita — but now they all seem to get along just fine , " Hawley said .
The RAND Corporation estimates the legalization of marijuana would lower the untaxed price to $ 38/oz .
The prohibition of marijuana raises the price per ounce almost ten - fold , a recent study by the RAND Drug Policy Research Center found [ .pdf ] .
Prohibition in the state of California is costing the government an estimated $ 300 m - per - year to enforce .
“ The authors predict that retail marijuana prices could drop from $ 375 an ounce under the state ’s current medical marijuana law to as low as $ 38 - per-ounce , ” Lisa Leff reported today at the Associated Press .
The study is in light of a state ballot initiative to legalize the possession of no more than an ounce of marijuana by adults , 21 and over , called the Regulate , Control , and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 ( RCTC Prop ) .
For no special reason , the study suggests “ a uniform $ 50 - per- ounce excise tax throughout the state ” that would raise the cost to around $ 91 - per- ounce at point - of - sale after all taxes .
The study calculates a consumer of one gram - per - day would then lose an annual $ 644 to the State in taxes , compared to the $ 685 annual loss by pack - a - day cigarette smokers .
Lifting prohibition would still lower the price on the gray market to $ 68 - per-ounce , it added .
It also estimates that consumption would rise 3 % per 10 % - price - fall , but also that potency would rise by up to 77 % .
RAND suggests granting the Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control to regulate marijuana .
Add in that this is a government ploy to cash in on a low - maintenance crop that people enjoy and there you have the $ 50 excise tax .
The regime of drug prohibition has become “ the new Jim Crow ” , according to legal scholar Michelle Alexander , as it has set up a “ racial caste system ” in the U.S.
She discussed the gruesome , racist elements of the so - called ‘ War on Drugs ’ that legitimize mass kidnapping and blacklisting for victimless crimes — crimes by assertion .
Watch the interview with Democracy Now ! here .
U.S. drug policy has escalated the brutal violence across the Mexican border and a March 2009 study by Human Rights Watch confirmed what anti-prohibition and rights activists have been screaming for years — that no matter what the rhetoric , the policy is a racist , society degenerator .
“ There ’s never been a medical reason to criminalize marijuana , only class , ” Professor Noam Chomsky said years ago .
Drug arrests have “ risen sharply in the past 20 years ” , RAND found , adding that 80 % of marijuana - related arrests “ are now for simple possession ” .
The rate of possession arrests per capita rose sharply in the United States in the 1990s , from about 89 per 100,000 population in 1991 to 223 in 1997 .
Since then , the number has risen more slowly , approaching 250 per 100,000 in 2008 ( about 750,000 arrests in total ) .
Sales arrests rose much more slowly from 1990 to 2008 ; instead of the nearly 200 - percent increase for possession , sales arrests nationally rose only about 40 percent between 1990 and 2008 . [… ]
There are approximately 1,500 marijuana prisoners in California , but most felony marijuana offenders in California state courts sentenced to incarceration go to jail , not prison .
It is important to note , however , that these felony data do not give a precise picture of the flow of marijuana offenders to jail .
They exclude those who are sentenced to jail after a misdemeanor conviction , which might be the result of a plea agreement .
They also do not include those who spend time in jail before they are sentenced , which may be a more significant omission .
There is much more that can be learned about the disposition of marijuana arrests in California .
There are thousands getting blacklisted and doing time because of these draconian laws and the price to them , the workforce and their communities are a large price we can never fully calculate .
The Mexican government has been trying to crack down on the drug cartels , an effort that has left more than 10,000 Mexicans dead in the last 18 months .
Some deaths are the result of shootouts between the cartels and the authorities , with both sides heavily armed .
But the assassinations of drug dealers involved in turf battles and of police officers and army personnel who get in the way  the kind of work Mr. Reta , Mr. Gonzalez and Mr. Cardona did  also accounts for thousands of bodies .
The two teams of assassins took direction from Lucio Quintero , or El Viejon , a capo in the Zetas across the river , trial records show .
They received $ 500 a week as a retainer and $ 10,000 to $ 50,000 for each assassination , and the triggerman was given two kilos of cocaine .
Detective Roberto A. Garcia Jr. of the Laredo Police Department said they all worked for Miguel Treviño , the leader of the Zetas in Nuevo Laredo , the Mexican city across the river from Laredo , who goes by the name El Cuarenta , which means Forty .
( Many Zetas identify themselves by a number . )
In addition to their retainers , the assassins received perks .
At one point , Mr. Reta was given a new $ 70,000 Mercedes , for a job well done .
Family members described how the young men would go to parties hosted by cartel capos .
To keep up morale , the drug leaders would raffle off automobiles , firearms and even dates with attractive women , the family members said , speaking on the condition of anonymity .
‘ They Just Seduce You ’
Most of the American youths were recruited in a discothèque , the Eclipse , on the main square of Nuevo Laredo just across one of two bridges that connect the two towns .
It is a darkened dive where teenagers go to drink , dance and flirt while reggaetón thunders .
But cartel members lurk there , too , watching for possible recruits , the police say .
Image Gabriela Maldonado , whose son Gabriel Cardona became an assassin for a Mexican drug cartel as a teenager .
Credit ... Michael Stravato for The New York Times
“ The cartels  they just seduce you , ” said Detective Garcia , who with his partner in the Laredo Police Department , Carlos Adan , broke up the ring .
“ They wave that power , that cash , the cars , the easy money .
And these kids all have that romantic notion they are going to live forever . ”
Today marked a great day for Devils fans .
The team officially announced the signing of Ilya Kovalchuk , locking up the left - winger for 17 years , $ 102 million dollars .
Management , players and Kovalchuk all took center stage during the press conference today ( click here for video links and here for Kovalchuk ’s statement ) .
The event was also marked with a potential mini-drama .
When speaking to the media , general Lou Lamoriello and owner Jeff Vanderbeek had interesting things to say about the deal .
Below are some of the more interesting quotes , which may show a break between general manager and owner .
The first quote comes from Lamoriello ( per Gulitti ) , in which he stated that contracts such as Kovalchuk ’s should n’t be allowed in the NHL .
“ I would agree we should n’t have these , ” Lamoriello said .
“ But I ’m also saying that because it ’s legal and this is something that ownership felt comfortable doing for the right reasons . ”
There is a lot of ambiguity in this quote .
Not once does Lamoriello use the words “ we ” or “ I ” .
Instead , he puts the responsibility on the ownership .
This was the first of many quotes like this throughout the press conference .
It almost seems as if ownership pushed for this deal , and not Lamoriello .
We ’ve never really seen an ownership / general manager dispute , but clearly it seems like there was some disconnect over the deal .
Continuing on to the second quote , which deals with Lamoriello ’s feelings on the length of the contract ( once again , thanks to Gulitti for the quote ) .
Lamoriello said he “ absolutely ” rolled his eyes when the Islanders signed Rick DiPietro to a 15 - year contract in 2006 and when Washington signed Alex Ovechkin to a 13 - year contract in 2008 .
He also said he “ absolutely ” rolled his eyes when Kovalchuk ’s contract was completed .
So why would he sign Kovalchuk to such a deal ?
“ You ’d have to speak to ownership about that , ” Lamoriello said .
“ The commitment that ownership has made here , this is a commitment and a decision they wanted to make for this type of a player and all I can do is say whether the player is a player that will fit into the team , can help the team and is not a risk as a player .
As far as what the financial commitment is and that aspect of it , that was out of my hands . ”
Once again , Lamoriello puts the responsibility on the ownership .
He would n’t even take responsibility for putting together the deal , saying that ownership controlled the financial commitment to Kovalchuk .
I ’m sure that the Devils wanted to retain Kovalchuk , and Lamoriello was probably on board with that decision .
But it seems that Lamoriello was n’t on board with either the years or the money offered .
Once again , I ’ve never seen this type of disconnect between Lamoriello and management , but it seems there was something that did n’t click between the two sides .
Here ’s the last quote , coming from Vanderbeek .
The owner told Rich Chere of the Star Ledger that the signing was a total team effort , and that Lamoriello was fully behind it .
“ No , this is not my signing , ” Vanderbeek said .
“ It was a combination of the whole organization .
Certainly Lou did a lot of the heavy lifting .
My partner , Mike Gilfillan , was very supportive and helpful .
This is never just about one person .
“ Lou is all about giving the organization the best chance to succeed .
To win .
He also knows , like I do , this is the best chance to put a lot of people in the seats to grow revenue . ”
Vanderbeek stands on the other side of the controversy .
This signing , he believes , was a total effort between general manager and upper management .
Everyone was involved , and each person did their best to complete the deal .
That includes Lamoriello .
Vanderbeek does n’t believe there is any disconnect , even crediting Lamoriello with doing the “ heavy lifting ” to get the deal done .
It ’s definitely a stark difference to Lamoriello ’s quotes .
**********
So what does it all mean ?
Some writers are attributing this as a shift in the team ’s operations , including Chere .
Other reporters say the organization is moving away from “ its usual frugal direction ” ( Toronto Sun ) .
Steve Politi , a sports columnist for the Star - Ledger , called the move “ a stunning departure for the franchise and a strong sign that Devils owner Jeff Vanderbeek is fed up with his team losing in the first round . ”
It ’s a huge splash for the Devils , a team that usually watches big stars leave rather than break the bank .
But the team , which has watched those free agents leave , needed to keep this star .
It may have been Vanderbeek calling the shots , but the fact remains that the deal was done .
No matter the quotes , Kovalchuk is a Devil .
It ’ll be interesting to see whether this power struggle continues to play out , but for now it seems a minor disagreement in the signing of a great player .
PARIS 
Many people buy a pied - à - terre in Paris to use for a few weeks a year and to rent the rest of the time .
Most of them do n’t realize , however , that they are breaking the law .
Now , the city government is trying to address the problem with a more direct approach to enforcement .
Mayor Bertrand Delanoë ordered an agency last year to warn property owners that renting out residential apartments for less than a year at a time violated French law .
The move was intended to address the lack of affordable housing in the city center .
Those who ignored the warning , he said , would be prosecuted .
Only about 25 letters have been sent since enforcement began last autumn  most of them in response to complaints made by neighbors .
And only a handful of those cases have gone to court .
But the rental industry in this most - visited city in the world is concerned and , as more owners slowly become aware of the issue , confusion is growing .
A few have pulled their properties off the market , others have deleted addresses or other identifying details from Internet listings .
And dozens of rental agencies have banded together to try to save their lucrative business .
Lord Prezza gives up class war :
But I 'm only taking a peerage to turn Pauline into a Lady , he says
John Prescott completed his transformation from working class bruiser to establishment pillar yesterday when he accepted a peerage - to placate his wife 's fury over his affair with a secretary .
The former Deputy Prime Minister always said he would never accept a seat in the House of Lords and has been a vocal opponent of ' flunkery and titles ' .
Less than two years ago he said : ' I do n't want to be a member of the House of Lords .
I will not accept it . '
But he caved in after his long - suffering wife made a series of public demands that she become ' Lady Pauline ' .
Honour : John Prescott - pictured with his wife , Pauline - is set to be made a peer
Asked recently if she would like to be ' Lady P ' , Mrs Prescott said : ' My God , Yes ! ' .
Labour sources said Mr Prescott felt he owed his wife after the public humiliation she endured when his cavorting with diary secretary Tracey Temple was exposed in 2006 .
It means the man who began his career as a cruise ship steward , but acquired a taste for the high life in government - including playing croquet - will now be able to add ermine to his wardrobe .
Seeking to justify his change of heart , Mr Prescott wrote on his blog yesterday : ' I welcome the opportunity to continue to campaign in Parliament for jobs , social justice and the environment as well as to hold this Con-Lib Government to account . '
Long - suffering : Gordon Brown 's aide Sue Nye ( in white jacket ) looks on as he meets Gillian Duffy in Rochdale .
He blamed the run-in on Nye when he got in his car but has still handed her a peerage
But a Labour source said : ' It 's not really John 's scene .
Pauline is a different matter .'
Mr Prescott's was the most notable name on Gordon Brown 's dissolution honours list , as gongs were handed to a long line of cronies , has - beens and Labour toadies .
Former ministers John Reid , Des Browne - a longstanding Brown ally - Hilary Armstrong , Angela Smith , Jim Knight , Bev Hughes , Helen Liddell and Paul Boateng will all go to the Lords .
But the list was most notable for the rewards handed to key Brown allies .
The former prime minister handed a peerage to his longest - serving aide Sue Nye , the woman he sought to blame for the ' Bigotgate ' disaster during the election .
' I do n't want to be a member of the House of Lords .
I will not accept it .'
John Prescott , August 2008
She introduced him to Rochdale grandmother Gillian Duffy , the woman he later insulted .
Wilf Stevenson , boss of the Smith Institute , a Left - wing think tank whose main role was to help Mr Brown secure the Labour leadership and a former special adviser , Maeve Sherlock , also go to the upper house .
Labour 's union paymasters also got honours , with peerages for former TUC boss John Monks and Margaret Wheeler , a director at health union Unison .
But Mr Brown denied peerages to former Cabinet ministers Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt - both of whom would normally have been a shoo - in - who called for him to quit earlier this year .
Others coming into the House of Lords include former children 's television presenter Floella Benjamin , for the Liberal Democrats , and former First Minister of Northern Ireland , Ian Paisley .
Downing Street stressed that the 56 appointments are only enough to replace those who have died since the last election .
Lord a leaping : John Prescott
Hypocrite ?
Yes , but he 's in good Labour company
By Richard Waghorne
As recently as two years ago John Prescott was unequivocal on the matter .
' I do n't want to be a member of the House of Lords , ' he said .
' I will not accept it . '
In accepting nonetheless , the future Lord Prescott joins a long line of Labour hypocrites who railed consistently against the upper house until they themselves were invited to don ermine .
Among the more egregious was Lord Hattersley of Sparkbrook .
As Deputy Labour Party leader , the then Roy Hattersley stated plainly that ' the House of Lords should be replaced by an elected assembly ' .
The objection has not stopped him from sitting unelected in the chamber for the last 13 years .
Neil Kinnock as Labour Party leader was even more emphatic .
In 2003 he dismissed speculation of his elevation , insisting : ' I 'm not even sure I would go into a reformed House of Lords ' .
The following year he accepted a peerage to the unreformed house , where he sits with his ennobled wife .
It is estimated that House of Lord 's allowances , combined with their pensions , salaries , and expenses from Westminster and Brussels , have brought £ 12 million into the Kinnock household - all accepted reluctantly no doubt .
Despite arguing vehemently that the Lords should be cut to a maximum of 200 peers , James Callaghan , ennobled as Lord Callaghan of Cardiff , consented to be raised to the peerage when membership stood at about 1,200 .
His former chancellor Denis Healey made the same journey after a career in which he frequently mocked the chamber as the ' House of the Living Dead ' .
Callaghan 's predecessor as Labour leader , Harold Wilson , seriously considered abolishing the chamber outright .
Instead , on resigning in 1976 he issued his infamous ' Lavender List ' of heavily criticised crony appointments and later took ermine himself as Lord Wilson of Rievaulx .
Mr Prescott , for his part , once described the hereditary peers he will soon be sitting alongside as ' an offence against democracy ' .
Nor have Labour leaders publicly committed to radical reform of the upper house hesitated to utilise their powers of patronage .
Despite pledging in the 1997 Labour manifesto to review the ' system of life peerages ' to make the chamber ' more democratic ' Tony Blair packed the Lords with Labour peers , including several who had fought the 1983 election on the pledge to ' take action to abolish the undemocratic House of Lords as quickly as possible ' .
Not all Labour luminaries have done so .
Tony
Benn not only refuses to contemplate a peerage but gave one up in order to enter the House of Commons in 1950 .
The late Michael Foot similarly declined , stating on his retirement from the House of Commons in 1992 , ' I think the House of Lords ought to be abolished and I do n't think the best way for me to abolish it is to go there myself ' .
Ermine for the donors
Former Tory leader Michael Howard is to become a peer along with a number of wealthy donors and party grandees .
Mr Howard , who employed David Cameron as a special adviser while he was Home Secretary in 1993 , is the most high - profile Conservative to be elevated to the House of Lords .
Mr Cameron has risked accusations of poor judgment by also ennobling a number of party veterans who faced controversy over their expenses .
Among the ' sinners ' are Sir Michael Spicer , who claimed for a chandelier to be hung in his manor house and claimed £ 5,650 in nine months for gardening bills .
Former Tory cabinet minister John Gummer has also been elevated .
He was ordered to repay £ 29,000 after claiming for excessive gardening bills , including removing moles from his country estate .
Also on the honours list are two major Conservative party donors - Ugandan - born Indian tycoon Dolar Popat and Next chief executive Simon Wolfson .
Mr Popat has donated more than £ 200,000 to the Tories in the last six years and Mr Wolfson £ 238,000 .
Other Tory appointments include party activist Shireen Ritchie , the mother of film director Guy Ritchie , as well as Guy Black , a former director of the Press Complaints Commission who worked as media spokesman for Mr Howard during his time as leader and is now executive director of the Telegraph Media Group .
Campaigner Helen Newlove , whose husband was kicked to death by a gang outside their home , also becomes a Tory peer .
The reward for failure ... Yard 's disgraced boss made a life peer
By Stephen Wright
Sir Ian Blair , the first Metropolitan Police Commissioner to be sacked in modern times , was yesterday rewarded for his failure with a life peerage .
Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown nominated Sir Ian , who will sit as an independent crossbencher .
But the decision to elevate gaffe - prone Sir Ian to the Upper House stunned former colleagues at Scotland Yard , who have painful memories of his controversial reign .
His three and a half years in post were dogged by questions about his judgment , leadership credentials and politically correct style of policing .
Peer : Former Met Chief Sir Ian Blair becomes a crossbencher
His last months in office were mired in unprecedented controversy and infighting after he was accused of racism by a series of ethnic minority officers , including the country 's top Asian policeman Tarique Ghaffur .
It resulted in the upper echelons of the Met being plunged into a virtual state of paralysis , with officers regarding Sir Ian as a lame duck chief no longer in charge of his force .
He was also at the centre of a series of controversies after Jean Charles de Menezes was shot dead by his officers at Stockwell Tube station in 2005 .
Yet because of his close connections to Downing Street - he was once described as being ' New Labour 's favourite cop ' - he clung to power until October 2008 .
He was forced to step down then after Tory Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , said he had no confidence in him .
But Oxford - educated Sir Ian , 57 , who had 16 months remaining on his five - year contract , was not out of pocket as a result of his sacking .
He received a £ 400,000 pay - off - a good deal more than the compensation paid to the family of Jean Charles de Menezes .
Sir Ian joins a distinguished list of former Met Commissioners who have swapped their best blues and braid for the scarlet and ermine robes of the House of Lords : Lord Stevens , Lord Condon and Lord Imbert .
Biologists at Tufts University 's School of Arts and Sciences studying crawling caterpillars have reported a unique " two - body " system of locomotion that has not previously been reported in any animal .
In an article published online July 22 in the journal Current Biology , the Tufts - led team reported that the gut of the crawling tobacco hawkmoth caterpillar ( Manduca sexta ) moves forward independently of and in advance of the surrounding body wall and legs , rather than moving along with them .
Collaborating with Tufts were researchers from Virginia Tech and Argonne National Laboratory .
" Understanding this novel motion system may help efforts to design soft - bodied robots , " said the article 's senior author , Barry Trimmer , Tufts professor of biology and Henry Bromfield Pearson Professor of Natural Sciences in the School of Arts and Sciences .
" It may also prompt re-examination of the potential role soft tissues play in biomechanical performance of humans and other animals . "
Surprises Inside the Caterpillar
Anyone who has ever observed caterpillars knows that they crawl from back to front in waves .
But advanced imaging reveals a surprising picture of what goes on inside .
The researchers used synchronized X -ray and visible light microscopy and videos to study the relative timing of movements of the crawling caterpillars ' gut body wall and prolegs ( unjointed leg - like structures on the mid-body that grip ) .
advertisement
They found that the gut -- essentially a tube suspended at the rear and head of the caterpillar and decoupled from the body wall -- moved nearly a full step in advance of the surrounding structures .
In contrast , gut movement was " in step " with motion of the head and rear .
Furthermore , points within the gut moved at different rates , suggesting that the gut was effectively shortening and lengthening during each crawl cycle .
" Although internal tissue movement caused by locomotion has been identified in many organisms , the caterpillars seemed to be propelling themselves by means of a two - body system -- the body wall container and the gut it contained .
This may contribute to the extraordinary freedom of movement seen in these soft - bodied crawlers , " said first author Michael Simon .
Simon conducted the study as part of his doctoral research in Trimmer 's laboratory , which focuses on how cell signaling contributes to the functions of the central nervous system and has extensively studied Manduca sexta .
In addition to Simon and Trimmer , authors on the paper included Tufts Research Assistant Professor William A. Woods ; Tufts undergraduate Yevgeniy Serebrenik ; Sharotka Simon , of Brandeis University ; Tufts Graduate School of Arts and Sciences doctoral student Linnea van Griethuijsen ; John Socha of Virginia Tech ; and Wah - Keat Lee of Argonne National Laboratory .
More research is needed to determine if this phenomenon gives caterpillars an evolutionary advantage , in the same way that synchronizing breathing and tissue movements benefits running vertebrates , or arm swinging by walking humans increases stability and reduces metabolic costs .
Regardless , Simon says that this insight may offer valuable application to robotics .
" The focus to date has been on robots ' external design but we also have to look at how it 's most advantageous to arrange the inside of the robot and any payload .
Would motion be enhanced , for example , by packing more mass toward the rear , as these caterpillars seem to do ? "
This work was funded by a National Science Foundation grant .
Use of the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Laboratory was supported by the U. S. Department of Energy , Office of Science , Office of Basic Energy Sciences .
First came Flash .
Then came advertisers that thought it'd be great to abuse it .
Then came Flashblocktm and friends .
The geeks do n't like Flash , it 's evil .
Now the iPhone & iPad do n't have Flash , but they 're the shit .
Advertisers want a part of the shit of course , and they can put shiny ads in native apps , but not in the open apps that are websites .
Thank god there is HTML5 , geeks love it , it 's all great .
So you 've got solutions like SmokeScreen developing .
It 's Flash without Flash , everyone should be happy right ?
Have you looked at their demos ?
Ads . Yes .
I 'm not saying they wo n't do more one day , but for now the target market seems to be advertisers , so that they can put out Flash - like ads in HTML5 , reach the iDevices and to kill two birds with one stone , they 'll reach the geeks that run Flashblock .
And all that while interpreting Flash content so it 'll most likely be more of a resource hog than Flash is .
What 's the solution ?
CanvasBlock ?
Noscript ?
In the end people will find ways to abuse anything .
Of course Apple could come back to the table and implement Flash in the next iPhone OS , instead of having us suck up some half - working slow Flash ersatz on top of completely broken sites .
Seg�n experto de EU , hubo incineraci�n de cajas de archivo del otro lado del muro de la guarder �
a
Martes 08 de junio de 2010
Ricardo Rocha | El Universal
Mark
Twain never struck me as someone afraid to say what was on his mind .
And yet , Samuel Clemens , the cranky , opinionated author of “ The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , ” decided that his real views about a host of matters , from war to Wall Street , were too incendiary to be published until a century after his death .
The 100 years are finally up , and this November the University of California Press will publish the first of three volumes of the “ Autobiography of Mark Twain . ”
The finished project runs a whopping 500,000 words , and completists ( and college students working on their theses ) will be able to see all original 750,000 online at the Mark Twain Project Online .
For those who ca n’t wait four months more for a taste , yesterday , Britain ’s literary journal , Granta , printed the first excerpt , “ The Farm , ” which includes Twain 's reminiscences of visiting his uncle ’s farm in Missouri , in its issue titled “ Going Back . ”
While you ’ll need to purchase a copy to read the entire article , Granta does include an excerpt in Twain ’s own handwriting .
Britain ’s Guardian newspaper also offers excerpts of the childhood memories that Alison Flood writes informed Twain ’s most well - loved novels , “ The Adventures of Tom Sawyer ” and “ Huckleberry Finn . ”
Twain ’s method of “ writing ” his autobiography created a few challenges , his editors say .
He dictated most of it to a stenographer in the last four years before his death in 1910 .
She took his words down in shorthand and then copied the whole thing out .
While that decision may have led to a more colloquial and spontaneous style , it was long considered “ uneditable , ” as Benjamin Griffin writes in “ A Voice from the Vault . ”
For one thing , the stenographer ’s original record has been lost , and for another , she apparently got a few things wrong here and there , such as substituting “ cocoa ” for “ coca . ”
But figuring out Twain ’s original intent was n’t even the most daunting challenge his editors faced , as Griffin writes :
“ I ca n’t refrain from describing one of the most intractable editorial tasks I ever came across .
In the piece called “ Private History of a Manuscript That Came to Grief , ” Clemens wishes to present a manuscript of his own that got incompetently revised by an editor ( one of the recurring motifs of the Autobiography is that you ca n’t trust an editor ) .
So , Clemens wants to reproduce the manuscript showing not only his original but also the editor ’s revisions .
Except , he has had the whole affair re-copied by a typist , showing the editor ’s editing , but making his own revisions .
So we had to edit Clemens ’s editing of the editor ’s editing …. ”
The mind reels .
And the hands itch to get a hold of a copy .
Yvonne Zipp regularly reviews books for the Monitor .
Join the Monitor 's book discussion on Facebook and Twitter .
After a horrific car accident , Anna ( Ricci ) wakes up to find the local funeral director Eliot Deacon ( Neeson ) preparing her for her funeral .
Confused , terrified and feeling still very much alive , Anna does n't believe she 's dead , despite the funeral director 's reassurances she 's merely in transition to the afterlife .
Eliot convinces her he has the ability to communicate with the dead and is the only one who can help her .
Trapped inside the funeral home , with nobody to turn to except Eliot , Anna 's forced to accept her own death .
But Anna 's grief - stricken boyfriend Paul ( Long ) can't shake the suspicion that Eliot is n't what he appears to be .
Written by Anchor Bay Films
BESET by an ever - rising tide of sex abuse allegations , Pope Benedict XVI has announced a reshuffle of top positions at the Vatican which suggests that traditionalists still have the upper hand .
A staunchly conservative French - Canadian , Cardinal Marc Ouellet , was put in charge of the powerful Congregation of Bishops which vets appointments to the Catholic hierarchy all over the world .
Cardinal Ouellet is known for his rigorous line on abortion , insisting that the procedure is wrong even in cases of rape .
He has urged the Canadian government to set aside funds to make it easier for pregnant women to keep their babies , and welcomed the government 's declared reluctance to fund abortion in other countries .
Meanwhile a hierarch associated with fractionally more liberal positions on abortion was moved sideways .
The change involves Archbishop Rino Fisichella , who had argued for greater compassion in the case of a nine - year - old Brazilian victim of sexual abuse at the hand of a family member , whose mother and doctor were declared to be “ excommunicated ” after she underwent a termination .
The archbishop was moved away from his current job , which includes oversight over questions of bio-ethics , and put in charge of a new agency with responsibility for “ evangelization ” : reinvigorating the faith in places like Europe where it has grown weak .
It was the second time in a week the Pope has sent a signal that on balance gives comfort to the most conservative elements in the church .
On June 28th , Benedict appeared to rebuke his ex-pupil and protégé , Cardinal Christoph Schonborm of Vienna , for criticising a veteran Vatican conservative .
The Austrian had taken to task Cardinal Angelo Sodano , a former Vatican Secretary of State who remains a powerful figure in church circles .
In particular , the Viennese prelate had accused Cardinal Sodano of showing a lack of compassion towards sex - abuse victims .
After a meeting between the Pope and Cardinal Schonborm , a Vatican statement tartly noted that only the Pope himself had the right to level accusations against a cardinal .
As Austrians and Germans leave the church in ever - greater numbers , and with the Belgian Catholic church reeling from a police raid on its headquarters ( as a well as a search of two cardinals ' tombs ) , the politics of the Vatican 's upper echelons look more and more out of touch with rank - and - file Catholics — let alone the rest of the world .
Correction : What Brazil 's Cardinal Sobrinho said about the nine - year - old girl was that all those involved in the abortion were ipso facto excommunicated ; he later clarified that by virtue of her age , this did not include the girl herself .
June 1 , 2010
Toufic Haddad , a Palestinian - American writer and researcher based in Jerusalem and author of Between the Lines : Israel , the Palestinians , and the U.S. " War on Terror " , calls for a renewed commitment to the struggle to stop Israel 's war on the Palestinians .
AS I write these lines , BBC Arabic language radio is reporting that upwards of 19 people were killed when Israeli commandoes stormed the Mavi Marmara - - one of six ships in an international flotilla carrying peace activists who were trying to bring humanitarian aid and supplies to the besieged Gaza Strip .
Ten thousand tons of aid had been collected over recent months and was finally on its way to Gaza , accompanied by more than 700 activists from 40 countries .
Among the activists was a Nobel Peace Prize winner , a former U.S. ambassador , a former U.S. Congresswoman , members of European , Turkish and Arab parliaments , an 85 - year old Holocaust survivor , and hundreds of other Palestinian solidarity activists , determined to break Israel 's barbaric siege on Gaza .
Though details are still sketchy about precisely what took place on the high seas , it appears that Israel attacked the flotilla more than 60 miles off the coast of Gaza - - well in international waters -- in the middle of the night , using naval gunships , attack helicopters and armed commando units .
It also appears that the passengers on the flotilla attempted to resist the Israeli assault with the limited means at their disposal .
Members of a March 2009 Viva Palestina aid convoy arriving in Gaza
The fact of the matter is that Israel has taken over all the evidence from the crime scene , as well as arrested all independent voices who can attest to what took place there .
In the hours and days to come , we will certainly begin to hear the script of an Israeli narrative that declares that the use of force was justified .
Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon has already made a statement this morning in which he described the flotilla as " an armada of hate , " whose organizers have connections with global jihad and al - Qaeda .
Israel 's absurd narrative is expected .
They have just killed more than a dozen internationals ( possibly some of whom are their own citizens ) , and used unconscionable force against activists dedicated to a humanitarian cause .
For years , people like United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay have called Israel 's blockade against Gaza " illegal . "
Figures like South African Nobel laureate Desmond Tutu have gone further , designating it " an abomination " that is " worse than [ South African ] apartheid . "
The world can now see that Israel does n't hesitate to use lethal force against unarmed demonstrators , and blames the spilled blood on the victims themselves in the name of Israeli self - defense .
On previous occasions , the script for these scenarios portrayed Israel up against the caricature of Arab Muslim terrorists ( who , in truth , was a dark - skinned , non-English - speaking , poor Palestinian refugee child ) .
Today , it 's the same script , only the perpetrators are ' radical ' leftists , Islamists and anti-Semites from around the world .
Any way you look at it , Israel and its motivating ideology of Zionism are sociopathic .
This should surprise no one .
IN ITS desire to solve the genuine question of Jewish persecution in Europe , Zionism preferred the establishment of an exclusivist Jewish state in Palestine , using racist settler colonial means to achieve this end , over a joint struggle against anti-Semitism and all forms of racism .
As an extension of this mentality , Israel has ethnically cleansed hundreds of thousands of Palestinians from their homeland , killed thousands of Arabs in its periodic wars against them , conducted countless acts of imprisonment , torture , piracy and sabotage , and , to boot , developed nuclear weapons that have already led to an arms race throughout the region .
But now is not the time to analyze Israel 's psycho- pathology , nor its past and present crimes .
It is time to ask why Israel , its crimes and its racist nature have been tolerated and supported by liberal Western democracies for so long .
To begin answering this question is to journey into the failures of the modern world order , its double standards and its rote dehumanization of Israel 's Arab victims as though they do not belong to the human race .
For years , Western governments have supported Israel because it does the West 's bidding in the region in repressing democracy and other movements that threaten Western hegemony over this geo-strategic region .
No matter how ugly Israel 's crimes , Western capitalism needs it because Israel remains the West 's most dependable ally ( whoever wins its elections ) , given its state of utter dependency upon Western military , financial and diplomatic aid .
No Arab dictatorship is that dependable , no matter how pro-U.S. they are .
The Palestinian and Arab people are the ones to pay this price tag .
What is happening in Palestine is a crime .
Israel currently engages in occupation , settler - colonialism and apartheid wrapped into one , and has enjoyed unchallenged immunity from Western governments in doing so , especially the U.S. government , which funds it to the tune of $ 3 billion annually .
Furthermore , what is happening in Gaza is genocidal , as 1.5 million Palestinians languish in an open - air prison , barely able to feed or shelter themselves from the elements because Israel prevents concrete and steel reinforcement bars from entering the strip .
A May 19 press release by the Palestinian Center for Human Rights in Gaza -- the most reliable human rights source in Palestine -- noted that 110 types of medication and 123 types of medical supplies are out of stock at health facilities in the Gaza Strip because of Israel 's blockade .
THE GAZA Freedom Flotilla represented the culmination of a rising tide of international solidarity activists who have come to understand what is happening in Palestine , and Gaza in particular .
They consciously modeled themselves on the noble traditions of nonviolent direct action in challenging an unjust and inhumane situation .
Like the freedom riders who dared to travel to the American South to challenge segregation and the non-implementation of U.S. laws against it , the Gaza flotilla believed in the elementary human value of the right to support and defend a civilian population from Israeli barbarism , and to affirm the noblest of human values of solidarity and equality .
They also had the courage to challenge the world 's duplicity about who is entitled to human rights , democracy and the right to resist their occupiers .
Israel 's blockade could not exist were it not for the complicity of many a Western and Arab government , which support Israel 's strangulation of Gaza and the suppression of Palestinian rights in general .
The world does not need another United Nations resolution condemning Israeli violations of human rights as has happened in the past and is likely to happen again here , too .
There are already hundreds of such resolutions piled up in the archives of the United Nations in New York and Geneva , collecting dust .
The problem is not the lack of resolutions in the Palestinians ' favor , but the lack of a sufficiently strong movement which can translate these rights into action and genuine power .
A movement which can end U.S. and Western financial and military support of Israeli apartheid , which can educate the world about the travesty of Palestine today , and which can build a Palestine based upon equality and justice instead of Israeli Jewish exclusivity and privilege .
Let the blood of the martyrs of the Gaza Freedom flotilla begin and accelerate this process .
The movement to boycott , divest and sanction ( BDS ) Israel is the best starting point for this to take place .
The BDS movement is based upon a 2005 call by all sectors of Palestinian civil society to encourage people to take action until Israel abides by international law - - specifically , the demands to bring about full equality between Palestinian citizens of Israel and Israeli Jews ; a full end to the brutal Israeli occupation ; and the recognition and implementation of the right to return of Palestinian refugees who were displaced by Israel and prevented from returning home .
The BDS movement is a people 's initiative , based upon both consumer and worker - end boycotts of Israeli goods and services , while asking people to deprive Israel of the immunity it has enjoyed while committing its crimes .
It consciously models itself upon the same movement which helped defeat apartheid in South Africa , and which is growing in pace and strength in Palestine and beyond today .
Its key is that it is not waiting for governments and higher bodies to take action , but instead is building the grassroots networks capable of imposing the will of the people on their governments and Israel together .
If workers throughout the world refused to handle Israeli products at every link in the chain of their existence , the oxygen that sustains Israeli apartheid would be gravely weakened .
This is where emphasis needs to be placed now -- as the best way to break the Gaza siege , as the best way to persist in the spirit of the martyrs of Palestine and the Gaza flotilla , and as the shortest way to bringing about justice and liberation for Palestine and its people .
We updated Sunward and added print on demand options in October 2018 !
Sunward details the inner part of the solar system :
Can you take the heat ?
Find out on Mercury , the Vulcanoids , or dive into the sun 's corona with the Solarians
A new star is rising on Venus , join in the intrigue as the Morningstar Constellation maneuvers for influence .
Return to the cradle of transhumanity and explore the blasted , but not quite abandoned , ruins of Earth .
Keepers of many of our cultural traditions , the Lunar - Lagrange Alliance stands watch over our shattered homeworld .
A red storm is rising on Mars as the traditional masters of the red planet face an upswell of Barsoomian patriotism .
The silent masters of the inner system , the Planetary Consortium , reach out to touch all with a velvet glove .
Plus new Morphs , gear , and sample characters .
Sunward is a 192 page Print on Demand book and PDF ( with layers , a hyperlinked table of contents , a hyperlinked index , and internal hyperlinks ) and is Creative Commons ( BY - NC - SA ) licensed .
If you want 150DPI pieces of artwork from the book , construction files for the Inner System map , and a print - friendly version of the Inner System Map , please check out the Sunward Hack Pack .
Also , please be sure to tick the box that allows us to send you notices about updates — that way , when we make corrections , you 'll get notified about it right away !
Eclipse Phase Second Edition Compatibility :
This title that was released for the First Edition of Eclipse Phase .
It contains mostly setting material that is compatible with the upcoming Eclipse Phase Second Edition , but some material will need to be converted to use with it : morphs , gear , and other rules provided in their Game Information sections may be outdated , but are easily convertible .
Any sample characters will also need to be converted .
Image caption
It is thought the goldfish was an abandoned pet ( Photo BNPS )
A Surrey teenager who went angling in Dorset to celebrate finishing his GCSEs has hooked what is thought to be the biggest goldfish in Britain .
Nick Richards , 16 , from Camberley , caught the 5lb ( 2.2kg ) , 16in ( 41 cm ) fish , from a lake in Poole .
It is thought the goldfish may have been abandoned after outgrowing its fish tank .
Nick , who was studying at Collingwood College , Camberley , named the fish Billy before throwing it back .
His catch beats Goldie the pet goldfish from Folkestone , Kent , who weighed 2lb ( 0.9kg ) and was branded Britain 's biggest in 2008 .
Ruth Lockwood , from the English Carp Heritage Organisation , said it was hard to confirm whether the goldfish was the UK 's largest because it was an ornamental fish and any record would not be officially recognised .
What can you do with a monster truck tire and a rich imagination ?
Build a kick - ass tricycle , of course .
We ca n’t all build our very own sports car , or make a Batmobile replica out of scratch , but a good idea and some technical skills go along way , and this monster tricycle is the perfect example .
Making great use of a giant tire , some European managed to build an old - school , with a modern twist .
Judging by the video footage below , riding the monster tricycle requires great leg muscles , and I do n’t even want to imagine what would happen if anyone were to ride it down hill , but it ’s a great way to get noticed and become an Youtube sensation .
The best result in any case is achieved through the experience , tenacity and hard work of the lawyers handling the case .
Having risen through the ranks of this country ’s largest , most prestigious firms , our lawyers understand the strategy and tactics either needed for , or used against , our clients .
Most importantly , as a boutique firm , we have the privilege of representing only clients and cases we believe in and are passionate about .
Over the years , we have deliberately chosen employees who exhibit the same work ethic and same pride in the work .
That is why our approach is a team approach .
When you hire a lawyer at FBW , you hire the team .
PROBLEM SOLVED .
Pickens was using OPEC revenues between 2003 and 2008 as a model , he said .
Those revenues clocked in at $ 250 billion in 2003 , but just five years later they had skyrocketed to $ 1.250 trillion , five times that of ’03 .
“ If we do n’t do anything , ” Pickens said , “ in 10 years we will be paying $ 300 or $ 400 a barrel for the oil . ”
The US is already paying $ 1 billion a day for crude , he said , and it accounts for two - thirds of the country ’s trade deficit .
That does n’t need to happen , though .
If the US used its own resources , Pickens thinks the move would lead to job creation , and those dollars would stay at home .
That ’s why he ’s so bullish on natural gas , a fuel that ’s plentiful here in the US .
So much so that Cramer called Pickens “ one of the biggest boosters of natural gas out there . ”
But he endorses more than just that one commodity .
As part of the Pickens Plan he announced back in 2008 , he called for the utilization of all kinds of energy – wind , electric , even ethanol – as long as it was American .
“ Anything but OPEC oil , ” Pickens told Cramer .
“ That ’s what I do n’t want . ”
But , of course , today ’s discussion was largely about nat gas , as President Obama this week put the full weight of his office behind the commodity during a speech at Carnegie Mellon in Pittsburgh .
Pickens took the statement to mean President Obama finally understands that nat gas is the US ’s only viable competitor to diesel fuel , that nat gas is both cleaner and cheaper than crude and coal .
“ And it ’s ours , ” Pickens said .
“ We ’ve got to use it . ”
To that end , he fully expects the NAT GAS Act presently in Congress to pass .
He said Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid , of Nevada , told him he wanted an energy bill this year , Pickens said , “ And that ’s going to happen . ”
If so , it ’s about time .
As Cramer pointed out , the major oil and gas companies – especially foreign firms – already have recognized natural gas ’ importance , and they are buying up both smaller players and assets here in the States .
Royal Dutch
Shell joined in on the action just this week , paying $ 4 billion for a chunk of the Marcellus Shale .
But Pickens sees that as a good thing .
“ The majors are moving back into the United States , ” he said .
“ I want them back .
I want them spending money here .
They will figure out a way to get more recovery out of the shale gas . ”
He hoped the majors would call for the use of natural gas in all transportation vehicles .
Compared to the diesel being used now , nat gas is incredibly cheap .
One thousand cubic feet of gas will do the same work for an 18 - wheeler truck as seven gallons of diesel , but the gas costs just $ 4.50 per MCF while the diesel fetches $ 21 .
“ It is a steal for America to switch our heavy - duty [ vehicles ] over to natural gas , ” Pickens said .
Certainty is a powerful and trusted enterprise - level audit and inspection software solution to manage and report business risk , compliance and performance metrics easily and efficiently .
Used by more than 100,000 professionals to complete over 2,000,000 audits and inspections annually , ...
Imagine you ’re selling at a market or expo and want to take credit cards .
Rather than hassle with cash , you can use the new Android Payment Extension for the Google Checkout Store Gadget on your laptop to allow Checkout customers to purchase from their phones .
This extension helps merchants quickly set up a store and accept payments via Google Checkout and Android by following the steps below : 1. Create a Google Checkout merchant account and configure your tax on the Settings Tab2 .
Use the Google Checkout Store Gadget Wizard to generate a webstore template3 .
Fill in the Google Spreadsheet with information about the items you wish to sell4 .
Create a Google Sites page and follow the wizard to embed the Store Gadget5 .
Install the Android Payment Chrome Extension
Once your customer tells you the items he or she wants to buy , you can create a cart with those items on your laptop .
You then click the green Checkout with Android button and have the customer scan the QR code displayed with their phone .
The QR code directs your customer to the buy page where they can complete their purchase .
While this payment method may not be perfect for all cases , we hope you find it useful for setting up a shop on the go and that it inspires further innovation in the mobile and payment developer communities .
A few months back , a group called Better Courts Now was formed on the idea that if the state of California just elected that proper sorts of Christian judges on the bench , then controversial issues like Proposition 8 would never even arise .
To make that happen , the group backed a slate of candidates with an openly Christian bias who were committed to carrying out God ’s will from the bench … and promptly saw each one of them get trounced in yesterday ’s election :
Four incumbent judges were headed to easy victories over a slate of challengers who were backed by a group of religious and social conservatives … Judge Lantz Lewis was well ahead of challenger Craig Candelore in early unofficial results , and his colleague Judge DeAnn Salcido was leading challenger Harold Coleman .
Judge Joel Wohlfeil was well ahead of Larry “ Jake ” Kincaid , and Judge Robert Longstreth was handily beating Bill Trask .
…
The four challengers ran as a slate backed by Better Courts Now , a group formed by pastors and supported by foes of same - sex marriage and abortion rights .
It said it wanted to unify the “ moral vote ” and promote judges who would reflect their values .
Each of the victorious judges got more than 60 percent of the vote in his or her race , and several saw that wide margin as a rejection of the Better Courts Now effort to influence the makeup of the bench .
If you ’ve been reading for a while , you should know that I seldom publish writing by anyone else .
Having said that , I discovered this open letter yesterday & thought it was great .
I hope you enjoy it too .
A Letter To Men by Christina Hendricks
“
We love your body .
If we ’re in love with you , we love your body .
Your potbelly , everything .
Even if you ’re insecure about something , we love your body .
You feel like you ’re not this or that ?
We love your body .
We embrace everything .
Because it ’s you .
Speaking of your body , you do n’t understand the power of your own smell .
Any woman who is currently with a man is with him partly because she loves the way he smells .
And if we have n’t smelled you for a day or two and then we suddenly are within inches of you , we swoon .
We get light - headed .
It ’s intoxicating .
It ’s heady .
We remember forever what you say about the bodies of other women .
When you mention in passing that a certain woman is attractive — could be someone in the office , a woman on the
street , a celebrity , any woman in the world , really — your comment goes into a steel box and it stays there forever .
We will file the comment under “ Women He Finds Attractive . ”
It ’s not about
whether or not we approve of the comment .
It ’s about learning what you think is sexy and how we might be able to convey it .
It ’s about keeping our man by knowing what he likes .
We also remember everything you say about our bodies , be it good or bad .
Does n’t matter if it ’s a compliment .
Could be just a comment .
Those things you say are stored away in the steel
box , and we remember these things verbatim .
We remember what you were wearing and the street corner you were standing on when you said it .
Never complain about our friends — even if we do .
No matter how many times we say a friend of ours is driving us crazy , you are not to pile on .
Not because it offends us .
But because it adds to the weight that we carry around about her .
Remember what we like .
When I first started dating my husband , I had this weird fascination with the circus and clowns and old carnival things and sideshow freaks and all that .
About a month after we started dating , he bought me this amazing black - and - white photo book on the circus in the 1930s , and I started sobbing .
Which freaked him out .
I thought , Oh , my God , I mentioned this three or four weeks ago and talked about it briefly , but he was really listening to me .
And he actually went out and researched and found this thing for me .
It was amazing .
We want you to order Scotch .
It ’s the most impressive drink order .
It ’s classic .
It ’s sexy .
Such a rich color .
The glass , the smell .
It ’s not watered down with fruit juice .
It ’s Scotch .
And you ordered it .
Stand up , open a door , offer a jacket .
We talk about it with our friends after you do it .
We say , “ Can you believe he stood up when I approached the table ? ”
It makes us feel important .
And it makes you important because we talk about it .
No shorts that go below the knee .
The ones almost like capri pants , the ones that hover somewhere between the kneecap and the calf ?
Enough with those shorts .
They are the most embarrassing pants in the world .
They should never be worn .
No woman likes those .
Also , no tank tops .
In public at least .
A tank top is underwear .
You ’re walking around in your underwear .
Too much .
No man should be on Facebook .
It ’s an invasion of everyone ’s privacy .
I really can not stand it .
You do n’t know this , but when we come back from a date , we feel awkward about that transition from our cute outfit into sexy lingerie .
We do n’t know how to do this gracefully .
It ’s embarrassing .
We have to find a way to slip into another room , put on the outfit as if it all happened very easily , and then come out and it ’s :
Look at me !
Look at the sexy thing I ’ve done !
For you , it ’s the blink of an eye .
It ’s all very embarrassing .
Just so you know .
Panties is a wonderful word .
When did you stop saying “ panties ” ?
It ’s sexy .
It ’s girlie .
It ’s naughty .
Say it more .
About ogling :
The men who look , they really look .
It does n’t insult us .
It does n’t faze us , really .
It ’s just — well , it ’s a little infantile .
Which is ironic , is n’t it ?
The men who constantly stare at our breasts are never the men we ’re attracted to .
There are better words than beautiful .
Radiant , for instance .
It ’s an underused word .
It ’s a very special word .
“ You are radiant . ”
Also , enchanting , smoldering , intoxicating , charming , fetching .
Marriage changes very little .
The only things that will get a married man laid that wo n’t get a single man laid are adultery and whores .
Intelligence and humor ( and your smell ) are what get you laid .
That ’s what got you laid when you were single .
That ’s what gets you laid when you ’re married .
Everything still works in marriage : especially intelligence and humor .
Because the sexiest thing is to know you .
“
What do you think of this open letter ?
Do you agree ?
What would your letter to men say ?
What do you find sexiest about a man ?
A new study pinpoints the genetic changes that enable Tibetans to thrive at altitudes where others get sick .
In the online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , an international team has identified a gene that allows Tibetans to live and work more than two miles above sea level without getting altitude sickness .
A previous study published May 13 in Science reported that Tibetans are genetically adapted to high altitude .
Now , less than a month later , a second study by scientists from China , England , Ireland , and the United States pinpoints a particular site within the human genome -- a genetic variant linked to low hemoglobin in the blood -- that helps explain how Tibetans cope with low - oxygen conditions .
The study sheds light on how Tibetans , who have lived at extreme elevation for more than 10,000 years , have evolved to differ from their low - altitude ancestors .
Lower air pressure at altitude means fewer oxygen molecules for every lungful of air .
" Altitude affects your thinking , your breathing , and your ability to sleep .
But high - altitude natives do n't have these problems , " said co-author Cynthia Beall of Case Western Reserve University .
" They 're able to live a healthy life , and they do it completely comfortably , " she said .
People who live or travel at high altitude respond to the lack of oxygen by making more hemoglobin , the oxygen - carrying component of human blood .
" That 's why athletes like to train at altitude .
They increase their oxygen - carrying capacity , " said Beall .
advertisement
But too much hemoglobin can be a bad thing .
Excessive hemoglobin is the hallmark of chronic mountain sickness , an overreaction to altitude characterized by thick and viscous blood .
Tibetans maintain relatively low hemoglobin at high altitude , a trait that makes them less susceptible to the disease than other populations .
" Tibetans can live as high as 13,000 feet without the elevated hemoglobin concentrations we see in other people , " said Beall .
To pinpoint the genetic variants underlying Tibetans ' relatively low hemoglobin levels , the researchers collected blood samples from nearly 200 Tibetan villagers living in three regions high in the Himalayas .
When they compared the Tibetans ' DNA with their lowland counterparts in China , their results pointed to the same culprit -- a gene on chromosome 2 , called EPAS1 , involved in red blood cell production and hemoglobin concentration in the blood .
Originally working separately , the authors of the study first put their findings together at a March 2009 meeting at the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center in Durham , NC .
" Some of us had been working on the whole of Tibetan DNA .
Others were looking at small groups of genes .
When we shared our findings we suddenly realized that both sets of studies pointed to the same gene -- EPAS1 , " said Robbins , who co-organized the meeting with Beall .
While all humans have the EPAS1 gene , Tibetans carry a special version of the gene .
Over evolutionary time individuals who inherited this variant were better able to survive and passed it on to their children , until eventually it became more common in the population as a whole .
" This is the first human gene locus for which there is hard evidence for genetic selection in Tibetans , " said co-author Peter Robbins of Oxford University .
Researchers are still trying to understand how Tibetans get enough oxygen to their tissues despite low levels of oxygen in the air and bloodstream .
Until then , the genetic clues uncovered so far are unlikely to be the end of the story .
" There are probably many more signals to be characterized and described , " said co-author Gianpiero Cavalleri of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland .
For those who live closer to sea level , the findings may one day help predict who is at greatest risk for altitude sickness .
" Once we find these versions , tests can be developed to tell if an individual is sensitive to low - oxygen , " said co-author Changqing Zeng of the Beijing Institute of Genomics .
" Many patients , young and old , are affected by low oxygen levels in their blood -- perhaps from lung disease , or heart problems .
Some cope much better than others , " said co-author Hugh Montgomery , of University College London .
" Studies like this are the start in helping us to understand why , and to develop new treatments . "
The Methodist Church of Britain voted yesterday to boycott Israeli - produced goods and services from the West Bank .
From their press release :
The Methodist Church has today voted to boycott all products from Israeli settlements in the Palestinian territories , and to encourage Methodists across Britain to do the same .
The decision is a response to a call from a group of Palestinian Christians , a growing number of Jewish organisations , both inside Israel and worldwide , and the World Council of Churches .
A majority of governments recognise the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories as illegitimate under international law .
Christine Elliott , Secretary for External Relationships , said , “ This decision has not been taken lightly , but after months of research , careful consideration and finally , today ’s debate at the Conference .
The goal of the boycott is to put an end to the existing injustice .
It reflects the challenge that settlements present to a lasting peace in the region .
Crook frogmarched to police station with ' THIEF ' sign around his neck sues employer for £ 90,000 for ' being humiliated '
It was a public way of shaming an employee who had stolen from his business .
But two years later , Simon Cremer is being sued by the thief he caught - despite having already been cleared of any wrongdoing .
Mark Gilbert , 40 , is claiming compensation for lost earnings because of the alleged psychological trauma he suffered at the hands of his former boss .
Mark Gilbert , left , stole £ 845 from his boss Simon Cremer , pictured here frog - marching him to the police station .
He is now suing Mr Cremer for £ 90,000 for the ' distress ' caused
Mr Cremer hung a sign around Gilbert 's neck branding him a thief and marched him to a police station in 2008 after discovering he had forged a company cheque for £ 845 and cashed it .
But Gilbert was let off with a police caution , while floor fitting firm owner Mr Cremer and his staff were charged with false imprisonment before the case against them was dropped .
Now , Gilbert has launched a civil case claiming compensation for two years of lost earnings .
With the potential payout estimated at £ 90,000 , Mr Cremer , 46 , said he was considering capitulating and making an out - of - court settlement because he cannot afford to fight the case .
' He has put in a civil claim form which is in the hands of my solicitor .
His claim is for the trauma , stress , and psychological help he needed , ' father - of - two Mr Cremer said yesterday .
' He 's claiming he 's not been able to work for the past two years because of the trauma and distress he has suffered .
' I do n't think it is right you steal from someone and then sue them .
That is not justice .
' We have got 14 days to launch a counter claim .
We 've got to look to whether I can afford to fight the case .
It costs £ 25,000 just to fight it and I have n't got that sort of money lying around .
' It 's basically morals or money .
If I fight him the solicitor 's bill will be huge .
And he only has to be awarded a pound to win - meaning I would have to pay his legal costs as well .
' Or I make him an offer to make it go away for a quarter of the price . '
He also called on Prime Minister David Cameron to launch a review of the law , saying : ' How can someone sue you when you are totally innocent but because you can't afford the legal fees you have to pay an out - of - court settlement ?
' That is not right - that is not justice and it should be changed . '
Mr Cremer , of Little Maplestead , near Halstead in Essex , added that his partner , Karen Boardman , 45 , had been battling breast cancer and was recovering from a recent operation .
' Obviously the stress and worry of this is not helping things , ' he said .
Gilbert was earning up to £ 1,000 per week when he worked at Mr Cremer 's firm , In House Flooring , in Witham , Essex .
But in July 2008 staff at a Cash Converters store became suspicious when he presented the cheque and contacted his boss .
Gilbert later admitted forging the cheque but claimed he was owed wages which he needed to pay for a holiday and wrote it out himself as his boss was too busy .
Gilbert , who is understood to be funding his claim under the terms of a medical insurance policy , said shortly after he was caught he ' probably deserved ' what happened to him .
He added : ' I feel for the bloke , I respect the bloke , but I want him to pay for what he 's done . '
He was unavailable to comment yesterday at the £ 220,000 modern two - bedroom bungalow in Portishead , Bristol , which he moved to from Colchester earlier this year .
A woman who answered the door said : ' He 's sorry about what happened but he does n't want to give any further comment . '
So I was on the old StumbleUpon earlier , and came across this article about the opening of Knight and Day in Seville , Spain ( a city which I visited earlier this year and loved - awesome place ) .
Anyway , it struck me that Tom Cruise was looking very tall next to his wife ( or at least equally tall ) .
I remember seeing her tower over him ... then I saw his shoes .
Either he just experienced a tremendous growth spurt and simultaneous horrific case of claw foot , or he 's wearing some cleverly disguised heels .
Nicely played Cruise .
( submitted for evidence are previous photos of the happy couple )
Source : Wikimedia commons
A common reaction to first encountering scientific insights such as evolution by natural selection is : " How obvious , why did n't I think of that ? "
A second characteristic of such ideas is that , thanks to their seemingly - obvious nature , they are usually much anticipated before being definitively defined .
Finally -- and perhaps explaining why despite appearing to be self - evident they nevertheless take real effort to establish as accepted truths -- the idea in question is usually highly controversial .
An insight you could add to the list is hyper-mentalism .
This grew out of the realization that autism features symptomatic " mind - blindness : " in other words , major deficits in our species ' normal ability to understand other people 's behaviour in mental terms such as intention , emotion , belief , etc .
As such , mentalism can be broken down into its components , one of which is gaze - monitoring .
Where people are looking and how they are looking can tell you a lot about what is going on in their minds , but autistics are symptomatically deficient here : they tend to ignore gaze and to be insensitive to its significance .
This is why you could call it an instance of hypo- mentalism : too little mental inference .
But paranoid psychotics often go to the opposite extreme of being so pathologically sensitive to gaze that they imagine they are being watched or spied on : an instance of what you could call hyper- mentalism .
Autistics tend not to be good at participating in groups , which demands understanding of shared , but paranoiacs exaggerate sensitivity to groups and shared attention into delusions of conspiracies .
Other people 's intentions towards you can be good or bad , and autistics are symptomatically poor at appreciating either .
But paranoid psychotics pathologically over - interpret good intentions into erotomania ( the belief that others are in love with you ) or bad intentions into delusions of persecution ( often noxiously allied with delusions of conspiracies ) .
Whereas autistics are characteristically deficient in a sense of self and often have impoverished self - awareness , psychotics can inflate their sense of self into rampant megalomania fed by delusions of grandeur .
Where autistics tend to be literal and candid thanks to their mentalistic limitations , psychotics ' hyper-mentalism facilitates bizarre and elaborate , self - sustaining delusions .
Whereas autism can be diagnosed in infancy , thanks to its hypo-mentalism , psychotics have to acquire normal mentalism before it can hyper - trophy and be diagnosed as a pathology in adulthood .
And so the list goes on ...
Once you see this pattern it seems self - evident , and a number of others have groped towards the concept of hyper - mentalism with terms like " hyper - theory of mind , " " hyper- reflexivity , " etc .
But to fully develop insights like this , you need something extra .
Darwin provided the extra natural selection needed by being the pre-eminent naturalist of his day , and today provides the ultimate scientific foundation for natural selection .
The same may be true of hyper - mentalism thanks to the fact that the remarkable antithesis between and psychotic symptoms can also be founded in genetics and cell chemistry , and shown to reflect fundamental symmetries in gene expression , cell - surface receptors , brain physiology , cortical connectivity , and so on .
In short , autism and can be shown to be opposites in many important and fundamental respects , but the key concepts where psychology is concerned are hypo - and hyper-mentalism .
However , there is a crucial difference .
Hypo-mentalism — mentalistic deficit — is widely accepted as a key insight in autism research , even if it is often described in other terms .
But hyper- mentalism is different , and again like natural selection seems set to encounter bitter resistance and to attract vituperative criticism .
Furthermore , the reason why may not be so different .
An unavoidable inference is that , if psychotics hyper- mentalize , then so do seemingly normal people .
So - called magical ideation is a key component of psychotic hyper- mentalism , and measures of it correlate with incidence of psychosis years later .
But is canonized in society as common superstition , sanctified as established religion -- and nowadays increasingly secularized as media manias , ethnic mythology , and political .
The result is that , just as Darwin found , a seemingly obvious and much anticipated idea can become highly controversial when fully spelt out and rigorously elaborated .
Nevertheless , as the history of Darwinism has also shown , this is the only way that science progresses , and so why - did n't - I - think - of - that insights eventually become self - evident truths , however much antagonism they may at first arouse .
Considering how hackable the Nexus
One is already , we can only imagine a whole new host of interesting things thanks to Ubuntu running on the device .
[ Max Lee ] set his heart out on getting not just Ubuntu on the Nexus One , but also Debian , and he wrote a perfect install guide to help out those wanting to give it a shot .
He cheated a little bit by having Ubuntu run in the background while the X11 interface is simply VNCed , but he still did an awesome job with plenty of pictures and details to help you achieve Ubuntu on your Nexus One .
Larry Niven 's
Hugo - winning novel from 1971 has a surprising amount in common with network television 's biggest sci- fi hit .
But what 's really interesting is how Ringworld differs from Lost .
Advertisement
Now , the cynics among you might think I 'm comparing a classic 40 - year - old book to a massively popular TV show that recently ended simply because I hope it will net me more pageviews .
But the cynics among you would be wrong .
I mean , I do think it 'll net me more pageviews , but more important to me is that there really are some strikingly salient similarities between Ringworld and Lost — and at least one crucial difference , a difference worth considering when it comes to the state of popular science fiction today .
Let 's start with the similarities , though .
Ringworld — which , I should mention , won not only the Hugo but also the Nebula and the first Locus Award for Best Novel — tells the story of group of people who crash on a landmass of mysterious origin .
Upon further exploration , the landmass turns out to be chock - full of strange , abandoned technology and populated by life - forms that should n't be there .
And as the characters search for a way to return home , it 's revealed that one has suffered an unbelievable run of luck , and that powerful beings have been secretly observing them and meddling in their lives .
Advertisement
Add in the fact that the mysterious landmass is not just a setting , but an entity that injects itself so forcibly into the plot that it almost becomes a character , and , well , I do n't think a comparison to Lost is at all absurd .
Heck , I 'd even say it 's worth noting that both go out of their way to feature a diverse cast :
Lost 's characters are from different countries and of various races partly because the show is supposed to constitute a sort of microcosm of the larger world , but also because of media companies ' commitment to political correctness .
Ringworld 's protagonist , Louis
Wu , is explicitly described as the product of a thoroughly racially integrated world — a little touch that 's not especially different from the present - day commitment to political correctness , actually .
And the book 's alien characters are in a sense stand - ins for the minorities of an earlier era : Louis , we 're reminded several times , believes firmly in associating with folks from different backgrounds .
The novel opens with his first encounter with one such creature .
It 's Louis 's 200th birthday , and to prolong it , he 's using transfer booths — public teleportation units — to hop westward around the Earth from time zone to time zone , so that he 's always one hour ahead of midnight .
Then he 's hijacked — rerouted mid-transfer to a hotel room where he finds himself face to face with a two - headed , three - legged alien called a Pierson 's puppeteer .
Years earlier , the puppeteers held sway over a huge swath of the Milky Way , and then abruptly disappeared .
It turns out they were fleeing an explosion of supernovae in the galactic core .
The lethal radiation from the explosion wo n't reach known space for another 20,000 years , but the puppeteers are really good planners because they 're genetically predisposed to be cowards .
Advertisement
And now their migration to the Magellanic Clouds has run into something even more frightening than the supernovae , which Nessus , the puppeteer in the hotel , needs to recruit a team to investigate .
The scary thing in question is a strange structure the puppeteers have only observed from a distance .
Nessus convinces Louis , a cat - like warrior - alien kzin called Speaker - To - Animals , and a 20 - year - old woman named Teela Brown — for whom the puppeteer has been searching for some time — to sign on for the mission by promising to give them something very valuable in return : a ship with a hyperdrive thousands of times faster than those the humans and kzinti currently possess .
That way , their races can escape the core explosion when necessary , too .
After a stopover on the puppeteers ' enigmatic home planet , the four explorers head out for the structure — which , you should not be surprised to learn , turns out to be a ring circling a G - type star in a close approximation of Earth 's orbit .
It 's a whole world laid out on the inside of a circlet with a circumference of 600 million miles .
The floor of Ringworld is a million miles wide ; the ring spins to provide its inhabitants with gravity , and it 's bordered by thousand - mile - high mountain ranges on each side to keep the air in .
As the book says , it 's kinda like a Dyson sphere , except that it lets you see the stars .
Advertisement
What scares the puppeteers about the Ringworld is that they do n't know who built it and can't imagine how it was done .
And hey , the puppeteers hand out super - deluxe hyperdrives .
They move planets , for crying out loud .
They are not used to encountering anything that exceeds their capabilities .
And that right there is really what Ringworld is about : how we deal with forces beyond our ken .
Advertisement
Niven eases us into it , first by showing us how much humanity has advanced , with Louis 's age and the transfer booths .
Boosterspice that makes a man of two centuries feel like he 's 30 and teleportation — these are pretty impressive achievements , but not incredible to the longtime science - fiction reader .
Then he ups the ante with the puppeteers : Nessus is more than 300 years old , and his people teleport simply by stepping on discs : " Open transfer booths , " Chapter 7 says .
" The puppeteers were fearfully advanced . "
Advertisement
And then Niven scales it up again with the Ringworld itself , built from a substance that baffles the explorers and awash with other technological mysteries .
Their ship crashes after it runs into a thin piece of wire of impossible strength ( which is helping hold together the " shadow squares " that sit in a concentric ring inside the Ringworld to create the effect of day and night on the surface ) .
It 's not at all clear how a whole field of deadly plants ended up on the Ringworld , or how its human natives came to be there .
Most curious and disturbing of all is that the Ringworld engineers ' civilization quite obviously collapsed many years ago .
If they were smart and powerful enough to dwell in flying castles and , well , just to have built the whole thing , what could have wiped them out ?
Lost posed similar questions :
Who built the hatch ?
How did polar bears come to the Island ?
Who built the temple and statue , and what happened to those people ?
It also used extraordinary luck , fate , or coincidence as a major plot device —
Hurley 's consistent ill fortune in the flashbacks ( and consistent good fortune in the flash - sidewayses ) , the hidden existing pre-Island connections between the characters , their inadvertent reunion on Ajira Flight 316 .
Ringworld does too .
Nessus wants Teela Brown to be part of his team because he believes she 's genetically designed to have infallibly good luck .
Advertisement
As it turns out , that mutation is the result of manipulation in human affairs by far more powerful beings , who also have interfered in the development of the kzinti .
That 's another theme Lost dealt with as well , and just as Jack flipped out when he learns that Jacob and the Island had been watching him and intervening in his life , Louis , Teela , and Speaker are enraged to discover that an outside agency has been playing with their own destinies .
But that shared anger is largely where the similarities end .
When faced with the reality of these incomprehensible forces , Ringworld 's characters and Lost 's respond very differently .
Advertisement
Lost has taken a lot of flak since it ended for failing to answer so many of the questions it implied early on were key to its story line .
And personally , I think the flak is absolutely justified .
What always bugged me a lot more , though , than never finding out what happened to Christian Shephard 's body or how the Island cured John Locke 's broken back , was that the characters themselves never seemed to care about finding those things out .
Advertisement
I mean , every time one of them got the chance to talk to someone who should have been able to answer their questions —
Ben Linus , Richard , Dogen , Ilana , Jacob , whoever — the would - be answerer managed to brush them off with a few vague statements .
Or it was eventually revealed that the answerers never actually had the answers themselves — which only pushes the problem back ; it just means they were n't any more intellectually curious than the Oceanic 815 survivors .
Advertisement
Contrast that with Ringworld , a work of hard SF written in the spirit of Robert Heinlein 's stories .
( Niven 's swear word " tanj " — as in " That 's the biggest tanj mountain I ever saw " or " Tanjit ! " — is an acronym of the Heinleinian huff " There ai n't no justice ! " )
I 've ragged on Heinlein for his writing style , but there 's no question he deserved his title as the dean of science fiction .
More than any other early SF author 's , his best works infused delightful adventure with the truly scientific spirit : a cautious but intense curiosity about unusual phenomena , and a confidence that reason and intelligence were tools we could and ought to apply to solve whatever mysteries we found .
Advertisement
Louis Wu is a Heinleinian " competent man " if ever there was one , right down to the sex with women both much younger and much older than he .
( Whether it was intentional on Niven 's part or not , his name even means someone who masters the mysteries of the universe . )
Though he fights well in a pinch , he prefers to solve problems with his brain , unlike Speaker - To - Animals .
And though he 's willing to play god to get cooperation from the Ringworld 's primitive natives , he 's not very good at it ( and , again , resents being used like a lesser being himself ) .
Maybe most important of all , he 's able to surrender himself to the reality that there are forces out there more powerful than he is .
But unlike Jack and the others in Lost , who seem to be given a purely binary choice between intellectual curiosity and acceptance that some things pass understanding , Louis maintains a fine balance between those options :
He knows there are things in the universe , like Teela 's luck and the intrigues of superior alien races , that are likely beyond his capacity to grapple with — but he does n't take that as a hint that he should n't try his best to grapple with them anyway .
That puts him somewhere between the Ringworlders he meets , who see no point in attempting to master the technology their ancestors left behind , and the artifact 's original engineers , who wielded marvelous might but still apparently lost everything because of a mundane accident of fate they never planned for .
Advertisement
And it puts him somewhere else entirely from where Lost 's characters are .
For all the Island 's amazing qualities , they only ever see it as either a precious magic amulet they need to possess or a fearsome place they have to escape from .
On the other hand , Louis and his companions ' first order of business is certainly to get off the Ringworld .
But the very last words of the novel explicitly indicate that they plan — they want , completely of their own volition — to go back .
" Blogging the Hugos " appears every other weekend .
In the next installment : To Your Scattered Bodies Go , by Philip José Farmer , from 1972 .
Advertisement
Josh Wimmer is a freelance writer in Madison , WI .
He can usually be found here .
Bears give birth in the winter .
The bear cub is born as a shapeless and eyeless lump of flesh , which the mother bear shapes into its proper form by licking it ( the origin of the expression " to lick into shape " ) .
The cub is born head first , making its head weak and its arms and legs strong , allowing bears to stand upright .
Bears do not mate like other animals ; like humans they embrace each other when they copulate .
Their desire is aroused in winter .
The males do not touch the pregant females , and even when they share the same lair at the time of birth , they lie separated by a trench .
When in their fourteen day period of hibernation , bears are so soundly asleep that not even wounds can wake them .
Bears eat honey , but can only safely eat the apples of the mandrake if they also eat ants .
Bears fight bulls by holding their horns and attacking their sensitive noses .
If injured , a bear can heal itself by touching the herb phlome or mullein .
The fiercest bears are found in Numibia .
Pliny the Elder [ 1st century CE ] ( Natural History , Book 8 , 54 ) : Bears mate at the beginning of winter , after which the male and female retire to separate caves .
The cubs are born thirty days later , in a litter of no more than five .
Newborn cubs are a shapeless lump of white flesh , with no eyes or hair , though the claws are visible .
The mother bear gradually licks her cubs into their proper shape , and keeps them warm by hugging them to her breast and lying on them , just as birds do with their eggs .
In the winter , male bears remain in hiding for forty days , and females for four months ; during this time they do not eat or drink , and for the first fourteen days are so soundly asleep that not even wounds can wake them .
When they emerge from their caves they eat an herb to loosen their bowels and rub their teeth on tree stumps to get their mouths ready .
To cure the dimness of their eyes they go to bee hives and allow the bees to sting their faces .
A bear 's weakest part is the head ; some say the brains of bears contain a poison that if drunk drives a man bear - mad .
When a bear fights a bull , it hangs from the bull 's horns and mouth , and so the weight of the bear tires it .
( Book 10 , 83 ) : Bears produce young that are unfinished at birth , and shape them by licking them .
In this they are like lions and foxes .
( Book 11 , 115 ) : The breath of bears is pestilential ; no wild animal will touch anything a bear has breathed on , and things so tainted quickly go bad .
Isidore of Seville [ 7th century CE ] ( Etymologies , Book 12 , 2:22 ) : The bear ( ursus ) has its name because it shapes its young with its mouth , as if begun ( orsus ) .
Bear cubs are born as a shapeless lump of flesh ; the mother , by licking it , gives it shape .
The bear 's strength is in its arms and legs , but its head is weak .
Bartholomaeus Anglicus [ 13th century CE ]
( De proprietatibus rerum , book 18 ) : Avicenna saith that the bear bringeth forth a piece of flesh imperfect and evil shapen , and the mother licketh the lump , and shapeth the members with licking ....
For the whelp is a piece of flesh little more than a mouse , having neither eyes nor ears , and having claws some - deal bourgeoning , and so this lump she licketh , and shapeth a whelp with licking ....
And it is wonder to tell a thing , that Theophrastus saith and telleth that bear 's flesh sodden that time ( of their sleeping ) vanisheth if it be laid up , and is no token of meat found in the almery , but a little quantity of humour ....
When he is taken he is made blind with a bright basin , and bound with chains , and compelled to play , and tamed with beating ; and is an unsteadfast beast , and unstable and uneasy , and goeth therefore all day about the stake , to the which he is strongly tied .
He licketh and sucketh his own feet , and hath liking in the juice thereof .
He can wonderly sty upon trees unto the highest tops of them , and oft bees gather honey in hollow trees , and the bear findeth honey by smell , and goeth up to the place that the honey is in , and maketh a way into the tree with his claws , and draweth out the honey and eateth it , and cometh oft by custom unto such a place when he is an - hungered .
And the hunter taketh heed thereof , and pitcheth full sharp hooks and stakes about the foot of the tree , and hangeth craftily a right heavy hammer or a wedge tofore the open way to the honey .
And then the bear cometh and is an - hungered , and the log that hangeth there on high letteth him : and he putteth away the wedge despiteously , but after the removing the wedge falleth again and hitteth him on the ear .
And he hath indignation thereof , and putteth away the wedge despiteously and right fiercely , and then the wedge falleth and smiteth him harder than it did before , and he striveth so long with the wedge , until his feeble head doth fail by oft smiting of the wedge , and then he falleth down upon the pricks and stakes , and slayeth himself in that wise .
Theophrastus telleth this manner hunting of bears , and learned it of the hunters in the country of Germany .
( Steele edition of 1905 )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : Mel Gibson 's Racist Rant Caught On Tape - Tells Oksana She Would Get ' Raped By N***ers '
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : Mel Gibson 's Racist Rant Caught On Tape - Tells Oksana She Would Get ' Raped By N***ers '
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : Mel Gibson 's Racist Rant Caught On Tape - Tells Oksana She Would Get ' Raped By N***ers '
In one of the most explosive , racist and vile outbursts by a celebrity ever caught on tape , Mel Gibson told the mother of his love child that the way she was dressed would get her “ raped by a pack of n*** ers , ” RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively .
It ’s a shocking and blockbuster development in the couple ’s bitter legal battle , and Mel ’s disgusting words are on audio tape .
His racist , misogynist statement is one of the secrets lurking in his war with his former girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva .
RadarOnline.com has heard the tape , which also includes Mel telling Oksana he will burn down her home .
Drunken Mel previously shocked the world with his anti-Semetic comments when busted for DUI .
Now , the new racist outburst has taken the Oscar winner to an even deeper low .
His outburst came during a series of explosive arguments with Oksana , mother of his infant daughter Lucia .
They have been battling in court , with documents under seal , for the past several weeks .
VIDEO : The Complete History Of Kim Kardashian ’s Sex Tapes !
And there is more than one disgusting outburst from Mel.
RadarOnline.com has listened to the hate - fuelled rants the Braveheart star unleashed during fights with Oksana as their relationship unraveled .
“ You ’re an embarrassment to me , ” Mel tells her at one point .
“ You look like a f*** ing pig in heat , and if you get raped by a pack of n*** ers , it will be your fault . ”
Mel ’s attorney told RadarOnline.com that he is no longer commenting on the case and said Mel ’s publicist is the only Mel official who will speak for him .
Mel ’s profane outbursts are littered with references to Oksana being a “ whore ” and “ c**t ” .
PHOTOS : Oksana Shows Off Her Post Baby Body
In another tirade , Mel tells Oksana : “ How dare you act like such a bitch when I have been so f**king nice . ”
He warns , “ I am going to come and burn the f**king house down … but you will blow me first . ”
INFOGRAPHIC !
The Complete Kardashian Family Tree !
The emergence of the explicit tapes is a stunning development in the couple ’s bitter separation and court battle over custody of their young daughter .
RadarOnline.com first broke the story about how Mel , 54 , and Oksana , 40 , filed dueling restraining orders against each other under seal .
Published reports say Oksana is alleging Gibson punched her in the face twice during a fit of rage , giving her a concussion and knocking out two of her front teeth .
Gibson does not deny that they had a confrontation but has simply described it , through his lawyer , as a loud argument .
In a further outburst , Mel is heard telling her , “ You ’re a bitch ” to which Oksana insists , “ I did n’t do anything . ”
“ Did so , ” Mel responds .
The tapes do not make it clear what the couple was arguing about .
But Mel tells Oksana , “ Look what you did to me … look what you are … look what every part of you is …
f** king fake … f** king fake .
TRUE OF FALSE ?
Kim Kardashian ’s Plastic Surgery Rumors !
“ You are the most synthetic person … who the f*** are you ? ”
He also takes aim at Oksana ’s previous relationship with former James Bond star Timothy Dalton , with whom she has a 13 - year - old son , Alexander .
A source close to the situation says Oksana claims she was forced to tape Mel after he made a series of death threats .
EXCLUSIVE : Oksana Punched ?
‘ Her Teeth Are In Her Mouth , ’ Says Mel Gibson ’s Lawyer
The source says she hopes the recordings will be admissible in any potential trial .
“ Oksana ’s motivation for recording this was to show Mel how mean he was , and because she feared for her life , ” said the insider .
PHOTOS : Oksana Grigorieva Goes to the Supermarket
“ She wanted to get evidence that he was dangerous and violent . ”
The source claims that Mel has heard two of the tapes .
Said the source , “ Mel is doing everything he can to suppress this … they are the rantings of a mad man . ”
PHOTOS : Mel Gibson and Oksana Hit Film Premiere
When cops arrested Mel in 2006 on suspicion of drunk driving , Mel barraged them with obscenities , tried to escape custody and spewed bizarre anti-Semitic remarks .
“ F** king Jews …
The Jews are responsible for all the wars in the world , ” Mel said .
He also allegedly told a female officer , “ What do you think you ’re looking at , sugar t*ts ? ”
PHOTOS : Oksana Grigorieva Smiles For The Cameras
The news sparked worldwide outrage and the Mad Max star later apologized .
Gibson has seven children with former wife Robyn , whom he split with in 2009 after 27 years of marriage .
It seems some members of the Bush family are no adherents of Republican political orthodoxy .
Barbara Bush , the 28 - year - old daughter of President George W. Bush , told Fox News on Sunday that she was “ glad ” the Democrats ’ health care reform package passed , and declared that “ health care should be a right for everyone . ”
It ’s a position that suggests she would be willing to go much farther in reforming health care than the law passed earlier this year .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ What do you think of Obama health care reform ? ” Fox News ’ Chris Wallace asked .
“ That is a good question .
Obviously , the health care reform bill was highly debated by a lot of people and I guess , I ’m glad that , you know , a bill was passed , ” replied Bush .
The 28 - year - old Bush is a co-founder and president of Global Health Corps , an organization working for “ health equity ” in Africa and the US .
The group is partnered with the Clinton Health Access Initiative , a project set up by President Bill Clinton ’s charity .
Barbara Bush ’s comments come a few weeks after her mother , former First Lady Laura Bush , declared that it was “ great ” President Obama had nominated Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court .
“ I ’m really glad that there will be three [ women on the court ] if she is confirmed , ” the former first lady said .
“ I like to have women on the Supreme court . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast June 13 , 2010 .
" There has been no distinction between Grand Isle and Venice and all the places in Louisiana that we feel so terrible for that have had oil washing up on them .
But the average viewer thinks that the whole coast from Florida to Texas is ankle - deep in oil .
And of course , it 's very , very bad for our tourist season .
That is the real economic damage .
Our first closure of fisheries in Mississippi waters came just earlier this week after about 45 days , " he continued .
Smokers are used to coughing up a lot — but this is getting ridiculous .
The price on a pack of cigarettes has skyrocketed to $ 14.50 at some New York City stores thanks to a hefty new tax — leaving even the most nicotine - addicted buttheads considering nixing their fix .
“ This is my last cigarette ever ! ” fumed William MacLeod , 45 , of Brooklyn .
“ At $ 15 a pack , this is ridiculous .
It ’s a good excuse for me to quit . ”
Ella Maxine , a small - business owner from Park Slope , Brooklyn , almost choked on her smokes when she had to plunk down $ 15 for a pack of American Spirits cigarettes at Smiler ’s Deli on Fifth Avenue near 46th Street .
“ They were $ 13 on Wednesday , and they ’re $ 15 today , ” she said .
And while she ’s angry that she has to pay more for her habit , she also admits she should ditch the dependency .
“ I feel like I deserve to pay the idiot tax for smoking in the first place , ” she confessed .
New York earned the distinction of being the highest taxed state in the country on Thursday , when a new sales tax on butts kicked in , slapping an extra $ 1.60 on every pack .
The latest levy raised the total state taxes on a single pack of butts to $ 4.35 .
The statewide tax — aimed at generating $ 440 million for Albany ’s drained coffers — hit the Big Apple extra hard , since it is already straddled with a municipal tax of $ 1.50 a pack .
Compare that with tobacco - friendly states like Missouri , where smokers can light up in style and fork over only a puny 17 cents a pack in taxes .
Other cigarette havens include Virginia , which taxes packs 30 cents , Louisiana , which has a bargain tax of 36 cents , and Georgia , which slaps a 37 cent tax on every 20 ciggies .
“ I remember when they were $ 2 a pack , ” moaned smoker Cate Evans , 29 , of the Upper East Side .
In a city where rent - controlled tenants are paying a third of what their newly arrived neighbors shill out for rent , it ’s no surprise that the price of butts varied dramatically from store to store .
At a kiosk near Penn Station , Marlboros were going for $ 14.50 a pack .
A few blocks away on Broadway and 34th Street , a pack was going for $ 12.25 .
Meanwhile , a spokesman for Altria , the parent company for tobacco giant Philip Morris , said raising cigarette taxes will only hurt New York .
“ It will provide even greater incentives for consumers to purchase contraband cigarettes to avoid paying these extremely high taxes and will cause further loss of business to New York retailers selling state - taxed cigarettes , ” David Sutton told CNNMoney.com .
Cough it up !
Kiosk on Seventh Ave. outside Penn Station : $ 14.50 a pack
Smiler ’s Deli , 554 Fifth Ave. near 46th St. : $ 14
Kiosk on southwest corner of 34th and Broadway : $ 12.75
Kiosk at 33rd and Seventh Ave. : $ 12.50
jennifer.fermino@nypost.com
Favorite Answer
Chapter 1
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I ’ve been turning over in my mind ever since .
“ Whenever you feel like criticizing any one , ” he told me , “ just remember that all the people in this world have n’t had the advantages that you ’ve had . ”
He did n’t say any more , but we ’ve always been unusually communicative in a reserved way , and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that .
In consequence , I ’m inclined to reserve all judgments , a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores .
The abnormal mind is quick to detect and attach itself to this quality when it appears in a normal person , and so it came about that in college I was unjustly accused of being a politician , because I was privy to the secret griefs of wild , unknown men .
Most of the confidences were unsought — frequently I have feigned sleep , preoccupation , or a hostile levity when I realized by some unmistakable sign that an intimate revelation was quivering on the horizon ; for the intimate revelations of young men , or at least the terms in which they express them , are usually plagiaristic and marred by obvious suppressions .
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope .
I am still a little afraid of missing something if I forget that , as my father snobbishly suggested , and I snobbishly repeat , a sense of the fundamental decencies is parcelled out unequally at birth .
And , after boasting this way of my tolerance , I come to the admission that it has a limit .
Conduct may be founded on the hard rock or the wet marshes , but after a certain point I do n’t care what it ’s founded on .
When I came back from the East last autumn I felt that I wanted the world to be in uniform and at a sort of moral attention forever ; I wanted no more riotous excursions with privileged glimpses into the human heart .
Only Gatsby , the man who gives his name to this book , was exempt from my reaction —
Gatsby , who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn .
If personality is an unbroken series of successful gestures , then there was something gorgeous about him , some heightened sensitivity to the promises of life , as if he were related to one of those intricate machines that register earthquakes ten thousand miles away .
This responsiveness had nothing to do with that flabby impressionability which is dignified under the name of the “ creative temperament . ” — it was an extraordinary gift for hope , a romantic readiness such as I have never found in any other person and which it is not likely I shall ever find again .
No — Gatsby turned out all right at the end ; it is what preyed on Gatsby , what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and short - winded elations of men .
My family have been prominent , well - to - do people in this Middle Western city for three generations .
The Carraways are something of a clan , and we have a tradition that we ’re descended from the Dukes of Buccleuch , but the actual founder of my line was my grandfather ’s brother , who came here in fifty - one , sent a substitute to the Civil War , and started the wholesale hardware business that my father carries on to - day .
I never saw this great - uncle , but I ’m supposed to look like him — with special reference to the rather hard - boiled painting that hangs in father ’s office I graduated from New Haven in 1915 , just a quarter of a century after my father , and a little later I participated in that delayed Teutonic migration known as the Great War .
I enjoyed the counter - raid so thoroughly that I came back restless .
Instead of being the warm centre of the world , the Middle West now seemed like the ragged edge of the universe — so I decided to go East and learn the bond business .
Everybody I knew was in the bond business , so I supposed it could support one more single man .
All my aunts and uncles talked it over as if they were choosing a prep school for me , and finally said , “ Why — ye—es , ” with very grave , hesitant faces .
Father agreed to finance me for a year , and after various delays I came East , permanently , I thought , in the spring of twenty - two .
The lack of democracy in the Arab world results from an unholy alliance between Western interests and local autocrats , justified by what both sides claim to be the region ’s “ cultural specificity . ”
It has been much easier for the West to do business with un -democratic regimes , which have found Western support and recognition useful in marginalizing local democratic forces .
In the United States , not many women smoked before 1920 .
Edward Bernays , Sigmund Freud ’s nephew , changed that .
Bernays ’s proudest accomplishment was the creation of a nation of female tobacco addicts in the 1920s .
…
Bernays , who was well - connected in the media , asked photographer friends to take photos of slim , pretty women smoking .
He also paid physicians to go on record stating that cigarettes were an important part of a meal because the smoke “ disinfects the mouth and soothes the nerves . ”
The quote above comes from the book Made by Hand by Mark Frauenfelder , editor of Make magazine .
He goes on to explain other things Bernays did such as persuading restaurants to add cigarettes to the desert menu and staging public events to make it look like women smoked openly .
The campaign was quite effective .
By the end of 1928 , American Tobacco ’s annual revenue increased by $ 32 million ( about $ 400 million in today ’s money , adjusted for inflation ) over the previous year .
Frauenfelder tells this story to illustrate how our desires are manipulated by advertising .
Advertisers of the same era taught us “ that homemade clothing was shameful , home - canned food unsanitary , and old cars symbols of failure . ”
Frauenfelder contends such advertising campaigns killed that America ’s do - it - yourself ethic .
Related post : Smoking
More Investments in Renewables in China Than in US and Europe Combined
July 24th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
China attracted more asset financing in clean - energy technology in the second quarter than Europe and the U.S. combined , according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance .
A clever piece of legislation created the renewable energy bonanza .
[ social_buttons ]
Six months ago , China made it the law that all utilities have to buy any renewable power put on the grid or they get fined .
Since then private investment in renewable sources in the country has surged past US and EU levels .
Investors are betting on China .
In the second quarter , outside financing of wind turbines , solar panels and low - carbon technology in China soared 72 % to $ 11.5 billion .
China ’s renewable sector accounted for one third of renewable investment for the period for the entire world , which totaled $ 33.9 billion , including all share sales , venture capital , private equity and asset finance .
Of this amount , private investment in clean energy in the US rose to $ 4.9 billion for the quarter while in Europe it fell to $ 4.5 billion for the same time period .
Last year , China installed 14 GW of just wind power alone , far outpacing the power added from wind of any other country , mostly using stimulus funds .
Here , the US is more competitive .
The stimulus funds in the US , once spent , will have added 16 GW of all forms of renewable energy to the US grid .
Private investment , though , needs regulatory certainties .
With the sudden death of the climate bill in the US last week , private investment here will likely slow .
But even in the absence of a big clean energy bill , some policies have real impact .
Feed - in Tariffs in Spain and Germany shook the world by offering premium prices for renewable energy production .
( Far too generous : you only need to offer two to three times retail to get action . )
The new law in China requiring that utilities have to buy any renewable power added to the grid , is essentially the ( always popular ) Electranet idea , that consumers can also be producers .
It appeals to the universal desire to make money .
Finland passed the same legislation as China decades ago with the result that its paper mills now provide 30 % of the electricity on the national grid , by tapping into their produced heat on - site to generate electricity .
Heavy industries like steel mills , paper mills and concrete producers could use Combined Heat & Power systems to use ( now wasted ) heat produced in the manufacturing process to sell the power to the grid .
There is an estimated 7 quadrillion BTU of potential there .
Everyone from frugal homeowners to heavy industry could be earning money by adding power to the grid .
Susan Kraemer @ Twitter
Image : China State Power
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
From here .
Adam Serwer analyzes :
Deportations in 2010 and 2009 were higher than at any time during the Bush administration -- something that has to be viewed within the context of a declining undocumented immigrant population .
Of course , when Bush wanted to press immigration reform , both Kyl and McCain were on board .
Now they 're attacking Obama for lax enforcement , even though he 's taken a harder line on deportations than Bush ever did .
FIRST DIABLO FOOD NOT BOMBS SHUT DOWN BY HEALTH DEPARTMENT AND POLICE diablofoodnotbombs [ at ] gmail.com )
Monday Jun 14th , 2010 3:09 PM by Derailer
On Thursday June 10th , formed chapter of Food Not Bombs in the Diablo valley area attempted to serve food at the Concord farmers market in the Todos Santos plaza to the homeless and underprivileged .
The Contra Costa Health Department with the assistance of the Concord Police Department ordered the group to cease operations and confiscated all of the group 's food and supplies .
On Thursday June 10th , a newly formed chapter of Food Not Bombs in the Diablo valley area attempted to serve food at the Concord farmers market in the Todos Santos plaza .
Prior to the serving of food , the group was confronted by the health department and the police which told members of the group not to serve the meal .
Due to the presence of hungry individuals and families at the park , the group decided to set up and begin serving despite instructions by the authorities not to .
After serving around 30 - 40 people and with about 50 people waiting in line , the Contra Costa Health Department with the assistance of the Concord Police Department ordered the group to cease operations and confiscated all of the group 's remaining food and supplies .
The authorities used lack of permits and violations of health codes to justify their actions .
As hungry people walked away with plates full of food , the police proceeded to take their plates and ordered them to leave .
The police also began to yell and push individuals that were trying to save what was left .
They ordered them to leave the park stating they were causing a " disturbance " and threatened them with arrest even though the individuals were simply serving free food and constituted no threat to the public .
Diablo Food Not Bombs maintains the only threat the group posed was to the business interests of the overpriced vendors and the gentrified downtown area of Concord , in which the serving of free food might undermine profit margins , even though the people being fed could not afford the expensive food in the first place .
Also those who have effectively shut out the issue of American poverty in their minds would then have to see and mingle with the homeless , underprivileged and starving .
The only threat Diablo Food Not Bombs poses is a threat to the status quo of hunger in our area .
The city of Concord is obviously not doing enough about those deprived of food in our community and instead subdues efforts of ordinary people who try to feed them .
If the city truly wants to make the farmers market a community event , it would be inclusive of all people , especially those trying to help others out directly , instead of spending tax payer dollars and city resources to repress them .
The Health Department is currently holding the cookware and supplies that were taken and will not release them until the group signs a document saying that they will not serve food in the future without a permit .
Diablo Food not Bombs states that given their current capacity , they cannot meet the unfeasibly enormous financial and facility permit requirements set by the city ordinance and the county health code , and they will not just wait around or go through bureaucratic motions while there are people in our community that are in need of food .
DIABLO FOOD NOT BOMBS IS CALLING A BAY WIDE ACTION NEXT THURSDAY JUNE 17th IN TODOS SANTOS PARK , CONCORD AT 4:30 pm .
COME DEFEND THE HUMAN RIGHT TO FOOD !!!
Wine Announcement
The Wine team is proud to announce that the stable release Wine 1.2 is now available .
This release represents two years of development effort and over 23,000 changes .
The main highlights are the support for 64 - bit applications , and the new graphics based on the Tango standard .
It also contains a lot of improvements across the board , and over 3,000 bug fixes .
See the release notes below for a summary of the major changes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.2.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.2.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
What 's new in Wine 1.2 ======================
***
Core functionality - Loading and running 64 - bit Windows applications is now supported on x86 - 64 processors ( only on Linux at this point ) . -
There are now two flavors of Wine prefixes , 32 - bit and 64 - bit.
32 - bit prefixes only support 32 - bit applications , while 64 - bit prefixes support both 32 - bit and 64 - bit applications .
The prefix flavor is set at prefix creation time and cannot be changed afterwards , since all the files and registry entries are in different locations .
Backwards compatibility is ensured by considering all prefixes created with older Wine versions to be 32 - bit .
- WoW64 file system redirection is supported now .
When running a 32 - bit application in a 64 - bit prefix , accesses to the window / system32 directory are automatically redirected to windows / syswow64 .
- WoW64 registry redirection is now supported in 64 - bit prefixes .
This allows both 32 - bit and 64 - bit applications to set platform - specific registry keys without stepping on each other .
-
All the 16 - bit support code has been moved to a set of independent 16 - bit modules .
No 16 - bit code is loaded or initialized when running a standard Win32 application , unless it starts making 16 - bit calls .
-
The mount manager now reports the actual UUID for disk devices that support it instead of a hard - coded one .
- Symbolic links are now supported in the registry .
-
The C runtime libraries msvcr80 , msvcr90 and msvcr100 used by recent Visual C++ versions are now partially implemented .
- Some functions now use a Microsoft - compatible function prologue when building with a recent enough gcc .
This allows Steam overlays to work .
***
User interface -
There are new icons for all the built - in applications , as well as for the standard toolbars and images .
The icons are based on the Tango set for a nicer integration with the native Unix desktop look .
- Animated cursors can now be loaded , though only the first frame of the animation is used as a static cursor .
-
The mouse cursor is now updated correctly in applications that create windows from different threads , like Internet Explorer . -
The standard print and page setup dialogs are working much better now .
-
There is now an application wizard control panel to manage installed applications .
- Rendering of bi-directional text is now supported reasonably well .
There is also some support for Arabic text shaping .
- Many features of the RichEdit control are improved , particularly support for tables , URL detection , cursor positioning , scrollbar management , and support for windowless controls .
-
Many common controls work better now , particularly the listview , calendar and tab controls .
-
There is now a partial implementation of the Microsoft Text Services framework , which provides better input method support in modern applications .
-
There is now a proper user interface for importing , exporting and managing cryptographic keys and certificates .
- Wine is now fully translated to French , German , Dutch , Italian , Portuguese , Romanian , Polish , Lithuanian , Norwegian , and Korean .
It has partial translations for another twenty languages .
*** Desktop integration - The XDG standard for application startup notification is now implemented .
-
The NET_WORKAREA property is now supported to let applications take into account the size of the Unix desktop task bars .
- File associations created by a Windows applications are now registered with the Unix desktop .
- Application icons are now set with the NET_WM_ICON hint , which enables alpha channel transparency under window managers that support it .
- Maximizing a window from the Unix window manager is now detected and the state is correctly reflected on the Windows application side .
-
The XDG desktop screen saver is now launched when a Windows application makes a request to start the screen saver .
- Start Menu entries are now properly removed when an application is uninstalled .
- Copying and pasting images between Windows and Unix applications works more reliably now , and more image formats are supported .
- Launching an external Unix Web browser from a Windows application now works correctly .
- MSI files are now associated with Wine to enable launching them directly from the desktop .
-
The virtual desktop window now switches to full - screen mode when its size matches that of the screen .
-
The strange window management behavior used by Delphi - generated applications is better supported now .
*** Graphics - Subpixel font rendering is now supported , which greatly improves text appearance on LCD screens .
The subpixel configuration is derived from the system fontconfig and Xft settings .
- Icons with alpha channels are now properly blended in , for a much nicer appearance .
- Image lists now properly store the alpha channel of images and use it when displaying them .
-
The windowscodecs dll has been added , with codecs for the JPEG , GIF , PNG , BMP , ICO , and TIFF image formats .
- Many functions are now implemented in GDIPlus .
The gdiplus dll is now considered good enough to load the built - in version by default .
- Overlays are now supported in DirectDraw . -
Many more capabilities are now supported in the SANE scanner backend .
This improves scanning support in Acrobat .
*** Audio -
The openal32 dll is now implemented , as a wrapper around the Unix OpenAL library .
-
There is now an initial implementation of the mmdevapi dll ( part of the new Vista sound architecture ) , using OpenAL for sound I/O. - The msgsm32.acm GSM codec is now supported .
-
The ALSA sound driver now works better with PulseAudio's ALSA emulation .
- Digital playback of audio CDs is now supported .
***
Internet and networking - The HTTP protocol implementation has seen many improvements , in particular better handling of proxies and redirects , better cookie management , support for gzip encoding , fixes for chunked transfer mode , support for IP v6 addresses , and better certificate validation on secure connections .
- The Gecko HTML engine has been updated to a more recent upstream version .
Many more HTML objects are now implemented .
-
The RPC layer now properly supports server - side authentication and impersonation .
The COM marshalling / unmarshalling is also more compatible .
RPC is now supported over the HTTP protocol too .
-
There is now an essentially complete implementation of the JavaScript language .
-
The IRDA network protocol is now supported by the socket layer .
-
The inetmib1 dll is now implemented , with support for the standard SNMP MIB tables .
-
The inetcomm dll now implements the POP3 and SMTP protocols , as well as better MIME support .
- Extended mail providers are now better supported , particularly the native Outlook provider .
Mail attachments are also supported now .
- Many undocumented functions in the shlwapi dll have been implemented for improved Internet Explorer support .
*** Direct3D - FBOs are now used by default for off - screen rendering in Direct3D .
- Backbuffers larger / smaller than their associated window are now correctly stretched . - A large portion of the d3dx9 dlls is now implemented , most notably the shader assembler , .x file support , functions for fonts , general 3D math , mesh handling , and sprites .
A start has been made with the texture and effect functions .
-
Fog handling has improved a lot .
- Various YUV texture formats are now supported .
- wined3d contexts are now managed per-thread , and play nice both with other wined3d instances and opengl32 GL contexts .
Contexts are checked for validity before being used ( e.g. if the associated window is destroyed . ) -
Point sprite handling has improved a lot .
-
The shader source is now dumped on GLSL compile / link failures .
This is mostly to help driver developers , like Mesa , with investigating GLSL bugs triggered by Wine . -
The graphics card detection code is improved , and many more graphics cards are now recognized .
- User clip planes are now supported in shaders .
This allows proper water reflections in Half - Life 2 . -
There is now an initial implementation of Direct3D 10 , including the dxgi , d3d10 core and d3d10 dlls .
Most of the work so far has gone into parsing d3d10 effects and SM4 shaders .
- Shadow samplers are now properly supported .
This fixes shadows in StarCraft 2 . - There is now a shader based implementation of D3D fixed function fragment processing .
This avoids some limitations of the previous OpenGL fixed function based approach .
- Partial updates of surfaces with compressed formats are now properly supported .
- Many new OpenGL extensions are now supported .
These include : - EXT_provoking_vertex / ARB_provoking_vertex .
This allows the correct vertex color to be used when flat shading is enabled , and helps Civilization IV in particular .
- EXT_vertex_array_bgra/ARB_vertex_array_bgra .
This allows for more efficient handling of BGRA ( D3DCOLOR ) data in the fixed function pipeline .
- EXT_draw_buffers2 .
This enables independent color write masks when multiple ( simultaneous ) render targets are in use .
- Various nVidia extensions to ARB vertex / fragment programs .
These allow SM3 support with the ARB vertex / fragment program shader backend .
- EXT_texture_compression_rgtc .
This adds support for the ATI2N ( also known as 3 Dc ) compressed texture format .
- ARB_texture_rg .
This allows for more efficient support of the R16F , G16R16 F , R32 F and G32R32 F texture formats .
- ARB_framebuffer_object .
This is mostly the same as the existing support for EXT_framebuffer_object , but improves rendering with a depth / stencil buffer larger than the color buffer (s ) .
It helps ( among others ) Splinter Cell , - ARB_sync .
This adds support for multi- threaded / cross GL context event queries used by Dragon Age : Origins .
- ARB_half_float_vertex .
This adds support for 16 - bit floating point vertex formats on cards that do n't already support NV_half_float .
It helps Supreme Commander . -
There is now a general framework for supporting variations / quirks in GL drivers .
*** Built - in applications - The Wine debugger now displays a crash dialog to let the user know that a crash happened before dumping the backtrace information .
- The Wine debugger now uses the Dwarf exception unwinding data for more reliable backtraces . -
The file dialogs in built - in applications are now resizable .
- Regedit can now import from and export to files in Unicode format .
- Wineboot now displays a dialog while creating or updating the prefix directory to let the user know that something is happening , since the update can take some time , particularly with 64 - bit prefixes .
-
Text replacement is now implemented in Notepad . -
The print preview feature in Wordpad now works much better .
- Navigation in help files now works better in Winhelp .
Many graphical glitches have also been fixed .
-
The Winecfg dialogs have been tweaked so that the application is usable in a 640x480 desktop .
The About panel has been redesigned with better graphics . -
The command - line parser in cmd.exe is more compatible now , which should enable more Windows batch files to execute correctly .
There is also a regression test suite for it .
- Rpcss now implements a proper RPC endpoint mapper .
*** Build environment - The Wine IDL compiler can now generate correct code for all the standard IDL files , including proper exception handling .
A large number of COM proxies and servers are now automatically generated from their IDL definitions .
-
The fake dll placeholders are now built at compile time , instead of being generated every time a Wine prefix is created .
This makes it possible to install a placeholder for every supported dll , which should avoid many failures in installers that check dll versions .
- configure now supports the - - disable - tests option to prevent building the test suite .
This allows for faster compile times , particularly when bisecting a regression .
-
The cross-compiled tests are now built against the Wine import libraries instead of the Mingw ones .
The latter are not compatible enough for our needs .
- winegcc now handles resource files just like normal object files and links them into the final binary without requiring special build rules .
- winebuild and winegcc now fully support Solaris . -
Wine now builds properly on Cygwin , though some of the resulting binaries do not work correctly .
- Makefiles are now created as needed during the build process , instead of being all created together at configure time .
This makes it unnecessary to run ' make depend ' in most cases .
- winemaker now has better support for Visual C++ project files .
*** Miscellaneous -
The OLE storage implementation now supports transacted storage , with proper commits and rollbacks .
This enables support for Microsoft Office documents containing macros .
-
The MSI installer now supports patches , which enables the installation of service packs for many applications .
Many more MSI standard actions are also supported now .
-
The rsaenh dll now supports the SHA - 256 , SHA - 384 , and SHA - 512 encryption algorithms , as well as CALG_SSL3 _SHAMD5 hashing .
- OLE database objects are now implemented , which fixes the clipart functionality in Microsoft Office 2007 .
- Copying and pasting OLE objects across applications works better now .
- Support for cryptographic signatures and certificates is improved , including support for certificate trust lists .
- The Task Scheduler service is now implemented .
*** Performance - Bitmap stretching and alpha blending is now done through Xrender when possible , which avoids a time - consuming round - trip of the bitmap bits from the X server .
- Startup time for MSI installers that contain a large amount of strings is much improved .
- Setting the processor affinity for threads or processes is now supported , which improves multi-core performance for applications that take advantage of it .
- Loading large symbol tables in the Wine debugger is much faster now .
- FBO handling has improved significantly .
Recently used FBO configurations are now cached , which is a major performance improvement .
- Loading shader constants is more efficient now .
This improves performance for ( among others ) Half - Life 2 , Counter Strike : Source , and Source Engine games in general .
-
The performance of sRGB samples is improved , this particularly helps Source Engine games .
*** Platform - specific changes - Joysticks POV switch and axis remapping are now better supported on Linux .
Joysticks are now supported on Mac OS X too .
-
The various DVD I/O controls are now implemented on Mac OS X. -
The network routing and statistics functions in iphlpapi are now implemented on Solaris and FreeBSD .
- Mach - O debugging symbols ( the format used by Mac OS X ) are now supported in the debugger .
- Event ports are now used on Solaris for improved wineserver performance .
***
New library dependencies -
The libgnutls library is now used for encryption and certificate validation in secur32 .
-
The libgsm library is now used for the GSM codec support . -
The libmpg123 library is now used for mp3 decoding ( except on Mac OS X where CoreAudio functions are used instead ) .
-
The libopenal library is now used for the openal32 dll implementation , as well as for the mmdevapi dll ( Vista sound support ) .
-
The libtiff library is now used for TIFF image decoding in the windowscodecs dll .
-
The libv4l1 library is now used for video capture in DirectShow .
***
Backwards compatibility -
The wineshelllink helper script has been removed .
All the menu and desktop integration is now handled by winemenubuilder .
-
The deprecated wineprefixcreate script has been removed .
Wine prefix directories are created automatically as needed .
- Old LinuxThreads setups are no longer supported .
Wine now requires the modern NPTL threading that has been standard on Linux for many years now .
- The PBuffer option for off - screen rendering has been removed from Direct3D .
This code was unmaintained , and offered little advantage over the " fbo " or " backbuffer " modes .
***
Known issues with recent 1.2 changes -
The subpixel font rendering does n't yet look quite as nice as that used by the rest of the Unix desktop .
-
The OLE storage performance can degrade pretty badly on files with a particular layout .
-
There is no 64 - bit version of the Gecko engine yet , so 64 - bit applications that use a browser control wo n't work correctly .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
Most enthusiasts brag about their cars , but there are certain annoying owners who are mentally blocked from talking about anything else .
Here are the ten car owners you think are the most annoying .
Advertisement
This is " Answers of the Day " - a feature where we take the best ten responses from the previous day 's " Question of the Day " and shine it up to show off .
It 's by you and for you , the Jalopnik readers .
Enjoy !
Advertisement
Want to see this gallery in one slow - to - load page ?
Click here .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
10 . ) Toyota Prius Owners
Suggested By : theart
Typical Conversation : " You really should get rid of that regular car .
You know I get 40 miles per gallon ?
And that 's just around town !
This car is the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
And I 'm doing the world a favor .
I do n't pollute at all , and it 's so quiet !
The neighborhood 's not noisy anymore .
That 's right , my Prius is quiet , and it 's fighting off Global Warming .
You 're welcome . "
Advertisement
9. ) Subaru WRX Owners
Suggested By : Americanitis
Typical Conversation : " So the other night I 'm out in the Scoobie , blasting down that road through the woods , and I hit this pile of leaves , hung the tail out real wide , then slapped it back in line with a little more throttle .
I 'm cruising along when this guy comes up behind me in a Porsche ...
Looks like he wants to race .
So I back off , let him catch up , and we 're goin ' at it for the next mile or so when all of the sudden he backs off real fast .
I 'm thinkin ' Guess he learned his lesson ' and then - bam .
Reds & blues all over my back bumper .
Dude must 've called 'em , told 'em where I was ...
Sore loser . "
Advertisement
8. ) BMW E46 M3 Owners
Suggested By : SmarmAdonis
Typical Conversation : " You see that loser out there in the lot with that S4 ?
Pshh , whatever bro .
His hair was all messed up too .
Sorry I picked you up late , I was working on mine .
What ?
Nah , not the car , bro .
My hair .
You crazy ?
I can't just go out without that gel !
No man , you shut up !
And put on a real shirt .
Yeah , more tigers and sequins and skulls .
Nah bro , you look stupid .
Watch the door gettin ' out .
That 's a high curb . "
Advertisement
7. ) Honda Civic Si Owners
Suggested By : fuhteng
Typical Conversation : " Yo , check it .
You feel that ?
No ?
Hold up , lemme do it again .
Now ?
That 's that VTEC , dude !
Yo how about these lights , man ?
I wired that up myself .
Fresh as hell .
Yeah , and I got those sweet new springs on there , dropped like , two inches .
Hella flush .
Tight . Rollin ' on Roti 18s , man .
You do n't even know .
See my wing out the rearview ?
Nah , that is the wing .
It blocks the mirror , dude .
That 's legit imitation carbon fiber , son . "
Advertisement
Photo credit : ClubCivic.com
Advertisement
6. ) Lifted Powerstroke Ford Truck Owners
Suggested By : I Can Be Stig ?
Typical Conversation : " WOOO !!!
I love me some blue oval !
Forget them Government Motors pansies , buncha commies .
This is a real ' Merican truck !
And now that I got this lift kit on it , I can go out in the swamps and pull out those Mopar sissies .
That 'll show 'em . "
Advertisement
Photo credit : Ford-Trucks.com
Advertisement
5. ) Old British Car Owners
Suggested By : Cloud81918
Typical Conversation : " Ugh ...
Where 's that wiring smoke coming from ?
Gonna have to go order another can ...
C'mon MGB , just turn over ...
What the- where 'd all that oil come from ?!
And what 's that wire hanging out from under the dash ?
Not again ...
You 're so impatient !
Your Corolla may be ' more reliable ' but I 'd rather be in a car without air conditioning in a car that does n't run than something with no personality , I do n't care how close your contractions are . "
Advertisement
Photo credit : Shane 's British Classics
Advertisement
4. ) Mid-Life Crisis Special Edition Corvette Owners
Suggested By : smackela
Typical Conversation : " Hey , you wanna ride in my ' Vette ?
No ?
What , is it the bald spot ?
Do n't you know what this car is ?
It 's the Indy 500 Pace Car edition !
There were only 500 made !
It 's matching numbers !
With factory air conditioning !
So what if it 's a horrible purple and gold combination , it 'll be worth thousands in a few years , you just wait !
And then you 'll be bald too !
And old !
And no creepy older guys will ask you to ride in their ' Vettes !
That 'll show you ... "
Advertisement
Photo credit : Remarkablecars.com
Advertisement
3. ) Mazda Miata Owners
Suggested By : speednuts
Typical Conversation : " Girls ' car ?!
Hell no !
It 's the modern reinterpretation of the classic open - top sports car .
But with Japanese reliability .
And it 's rear wheel drive .
And it 's great on the Autocross course !
I know , it 's small , but once I get those stiffer springs on there , it 'll handle even better .
It just feels like an extension of my body , you know ?
And it 's not a chick car .
Do n't ever say that again . "
Advertisement
2. ) Volkswagen Owners
Suggested By : TrampaOnline
Typical Conversation : " Actually , Volkswagen fixed a lot of their reliability issues years ago .
Yeah , it runs great !
You really should go try one .
And they 're so fuel - efficient !
Now that I 've got that check engine light on the dash taken care of - oh , no .
There was n't actually anything wrong with the car , the mechanic said it just happens sometimes .
But they really have gotten a lot better .
I love my Volkswagen ! "
Advertisement
1. ) Saab Owners
Suggested By : 900 pilot
Typical Conversation : " It 's got decades of rally experience in it , and a turbo .
And you really just can't beat Swedish engineering .
Sure , I 've spent more than an afternoon underneath it , but I like to think of those times as investments .
I 'm investing in my unique lifestyle .
You do n't see that many Saabs out there , but when you do , you know what it is .
And then you see it disappear down the road , fast . "
Installing Ubuntu 10.04 on the IGEP v2 board .
Using the board as a small server .
Last year , folks at Texas Instruments told me about the IGEP v2 board .
This board is similar to the Beagle board , but also features 512 MB of RAM and NAND flash ( instead of 256 for the Beagle ) , on board Ethernet ( RJ45 ) , Wi-Fi and Bluetooth , all this for only 145 €!
Its fast ARM CPU ( TI OMAP 3530 running at 720 MHz ) and graphical capabilities allow it to be used in for services usually performed by desktop or server CPUs .
At the Bootlin main office , we needed a server to share files , create backups and upload these backups to our servers on the Internet .
I decided to use the Ubuntu 10.04 distribution on ARM , based on Debian GNU / Linux .
As I did n’t find all the details I needed on the IGEP community website , here are the steps that I took .
Several details were found on the http://labs.igep.es/index.php/How_to_get_the_Ubuntu_distribution page though .
This page assumes that you are familiar with building the Linux kernel , controlling an embedded board from a serial line and booting it , and using the GNU / Linux system in general ( see the training materials from our embedded Linux course ) .
Beginners may be lost because we do n’t give all the details , but more experienced developers should just find the board specific details that they need .
First , get an SD card ( at least 2 GB ) , and prepare its partitions with the mkcard.sh utility .
To compile your kernel , get a CodeSourcery toolchain for ARM .
I used the 2010q1 release .
Install it in /usr / local / CodeSourcery / arm -2010 q1 / ( for example )
Get the kernel sources :
$ mkdir $ HOME / igep $ cd $ HOME / igep $ git clone git://git.igep.es/pub/scm/linux-omap-2.6.git $ cd linux - omap - 2.6 /
Let ’s switch to the latest stable version :
$ git tag v2.6.28.10-3 v2.6.28.10-igep0020b-0 v2.6.28.10-igep0020b-1 v2.6.28.10-igep0020b-2 v2.6.33.2-0 v2.6.33.4-0 $ git checkout - b v2.6.33.4-0 v2.6.33.4-0
Checking out files : 100 % ( 13116/13116 ) , done .
Switched to a new branch ' v2.6.33.4-0 '
Now , set the environment variables for cross-compiling the kernel sources to the arm architecture :
$ export PATH=/usr/ local / CodeSourcery / arm-2010q1/bin: $ PATH
$ export ARCH=arm $ export CROSS_COMPILE=arm-none-linux-gnueabi-
Now , take the default configuration for the board and build your kernel :
$ make help | grep igep $ make igep0020 _defconfig $ make -j 4 $ make uImage
It ’s time to build your Ubuntu filesystem , using the Rootstock utility :
$ tar zxvf rootstock - 0.1.99.3.tar.gz $ cd rootstock - 0.1.99.3 $ sudo ./ rootstock -- fqdn igepv2 -- login mike -- password letmein \ -- imagesize 2G -- seed build - essential , openssh - server -- dist lucid
Copy the kernel to the first partition of your SD card :
cp arch / arm/ boot / uImage / media / boot / cp .config /media/boot/config-2.6.33.4
Install the root filesystem on the second partition of your SD card :
$ cd /media / rootfs / $ sudo tar zxvf $ HOME / igep/rootstock -0.1.99.3/armel-rootfs-201006102239.tgz
Configure the rootfs to let you log in on the serial console ( tty S2 with OMAP ) .
Do this by copying etc / init/tty1.conf to etc/init/ttyS2.conf and replacing tty1 by tty S2 in this file .
Install kernel modules manually for the first time :
$ mkdir -p /lib/ modules $ cd $ HOME /igep/linux - omap - 2.6 / $ make INSTALL_MOD_PATH=/media/rootfs modules_install
In the Rootstock version I tested , the specified user did n’t get created ( bug report ) .
To be able to log in , I had to disable the root password by removing the first * character in the root entry in etc / shadow :
We are now ready to boot our new system .
First , unmount your SD card partitions :
$ sudo umount / media / boot $ sudo umount / media / rootfs
Insert your SD card in the slot on your board , connect your serial cable and in the U - boot prompt on the serial line , configure the kernel boot parameters :
$ setenv bootargs mem=512 M console=tty S2,115200n8 root=/dev/mmcblk0p2 rw rootwait $ setenv bootcmd ' mmc init 0 ; fatload mmc 0 80000000 uImage ; bootm 80000000 ' $ setenv autostart yes $ saveenv $ boot
You should see your Linux kernel boot and get to a login shell .
Log in as root with no password .
It is now time for the final tweaks .
First , create a non root user ( remember the Rootstock bug ) , allow it to run the sudo command , and choose a root password too :
adduser mike adduser mike sudo passwd
Let ’s cope with a last Rootstock bug .
Add the updates and security repositories to /etc/apt/sources.list :
deb http://ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports lucid-updates main deb http://ports.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-ports lucid-security main
Without this , you would miss package updates and security releases , and your packages would never change !
If you use the IGEP board as a server as I do , you may need your server to have a fixed MAC address .
The trouble is the e2 prom storing the MAC address is not populated by default , and every time you boot , the kernel gives you a random MAC address .
The easiest fix I found was to choose an arbitrary MAC address ( you can take the first random one that you get ) , and force it in /etc / network / interfaces :
auto eth0 iface eth0 inet dhcp hwaddress ether 00:01:04:1b:2C:1F
As the IGEP v2 board does n’t have a battery by default , it wo n’t be able to keep the correct time .
You can use the ntp daemon to address this :
sudo apt - get install ntp
Your configuration should now be complete .
You can now use your IGEP v2 board as a tiny , ultra low power server with Ubuntu server .
All the rest is ordinary Debian / Ubuntu server administration .
Of course , you can also install desktop packages and use your board as a desktop replacement ( you may need to add kernel command line settings for graphics ) .
Have fun !
By the way , the IGEP v2 board is not the best solution if you all you need is a server .
The amazing graphical capabilities of the OMAP chip would just be useless .
For a server , better , cheaper and more powerful alternatives are the SheevaPlug and GuruPlug .
Do n’t miss these very nice devices !
Santa Claus is upset with Facebook .
Everyone , it seems , wants to be friends with Santa Claus on Facebook .
In the month or so since he joined the popular social network , he 's approved 5,000 friends .
He could have easily gone viral by Thanksgiving – when everyone wants to be " friends " with Santa regardless of whether they deserve to be .
He could become the most popular person in the world on Facebook .
But unfortunately for Santa , 5,000 friends is all anyone gets on Facebook .
To add anyone new , the man who says his real legal name is Santa Claus must remove someone on his list .
That upsets the man who runs the Santa Claus Foundation , which he describes as an advocacy group for children .
" It 's hard for me to believe that Facebook would want to disappoint that many folks who might enjoy being Santa 's friends , " Claus said in an e-mail .
" I 'm not selling anything ; so , I do n't understand the problem . "
He wants Facebook to make an exception for him and he's not above thinking about rough tactics , noting a report that Facebook lost users in the United Kingdom earlier this year .
" [ I ] can only imagine what could happen , should word will get around that it is now severely limiting the number of friends Santa Claus can have , " Claus said .
" Would this make Facebook the new Scrooge or Grinch ? "
Those are harsh words given that Santa already got personal help from Facebook , since the site blocks people from registering names like Darth Vader or the Easter Bunny .
But Santa was able to prove he was legally Santa Claus and a tech overrode the ban , making Santa Claus the Santa Claus on Facebook .
Facebook says the 5,000 friend limit applies to all users – but anyone can make a page where an unlimited number of people can sign themselves up as fans .
A Facebook tech already helped Santa create a page , but Santa says that having fans is not nearly the same as having friends .
" We hope this minor inconvenience does n’t impact the otherwise good little boys and girls at Facebook come Christmas , " spokesman Barry Schnitt said , adding that he hopes Santa collects as many fans as he can .
Santa is n't the first to reach or complain about the limit – prominent tech bloggers Robert Scoble and Jason Calcanis have both hit the limits .
The limit is intended to keep Facebook resembling how real world social networks work since no one really has 5,000 friends .
There may also be technical reasons that make the limit necessary .
One wonders if Facebook actually does raise the limit just for Santa , how will they say no come spring when the Easter Bunny gets hopping mad about the limit ?
See Also :
A judge ordered Australian band Men at Work on Tuesday to hand over a portion of the royalties from their 1980s hit " Down Under , " after previously ruling its distinctive flute riff was copied from a children 's campfire song .
But the penalty — 5 percent of the song 's royalties — was far less than the 60 percent sought by publishing company Larrikin Music , which holds the copyright for the song " Kookaburra Sits in the Old Gum Tree . "
" Kookaburra " was written more than 70 years ago by Australian teacher Marion Sinclair for a Girl Guides competition , and the song about the native Australian bird has been a favorite around campfires from New Zealand to Canada .
Sinclair died in 1988 , but Larrikin filed a copyright lawsuit last year .
In February , Federal Court Justice Peter Jacobson ruled Men at Work had copied their song 's signature flute melody from " Kookaburra . "
On Tuesday , Jacobson ordered Men at Work 's recording company , EMI Songs Australia , and " Down Under " songwriters Colin Hay and Ron Strykert , to pay 5 percent of royalties earned from the song since 2002 and from its future earnings .
A statute of limitations restricted Larrikin from seeking royalties earned before 2002 .
The court did n't specify what the 5 percent penalty translates to in dollars .
" I consider the figures put forward by Larrikin to be excessive , overreaching and unrealistic , " Jacobson wrote in his judgment .
Mark Bamford , a lawyer for EMI , said the company plans to continue with its appeal of the February ruling .
" The ruling today on quantum is a good result in light of Larrikin's ' excessive , overreaching and unrealistic ' claim " for a higher cut of the profits , Bamford said in a statement .
" EMI Songs will now focus on its appeal against the broader decision . "
Adam Simpson , Larrikin Music 's lawyer , said the company had no comment on the ruling , due to the pending appeal .
Hay and Strykert were not in court for the decision and could n't immediately be reached .
" Down Under " and the album it was on , " Business As Usual , " topped the Australian , American and British charts in early 1983 .
The song remains an unofficial anthem for Australia and was ranked fourth in a 2001 music industry survey of the best Australian songs .
Men at Work won the 1983 Grammy Award for Best New Artist .
The last we checked in with LittleDog , the smaller , scrappier version of BigDog and frequent resident of my worst nightmares , we took some solace in the fact that he was n't quite as nimble as his predecessor .
Now : terrifyingly nimble !
Advertisement
LittleDog Is Even Creepier than BigDog
It may not make the same freaking scary noise as Big Dog , but Little Dog is even creepier than its Read more
Yes , it 's true .
LittleDog , which is being developed at USC as part of Darpa 's robot locomotion initiative , will now chase you across rocky terrain , over crevices , and up stairs of various heights .
Any weaknesses we might 've perceived in the initial videos of LittleDog have vanished and with them our hopes of ever resisting the RoboDog takeover .
Advertisement
This newest version of LittleDog is even programmed to teach itself to be more efficient ( read : deadly ) , possessing the ability to evaluate the difference between a good foothold and a bad one and adjusting its steps accordingly .
While this thing 's getting smarter all the time , my dumb human programming remains the same : when you see a RoboDog , turn around and put one foot in front of the other , as quickly as possible .
[ YouTube ]
A prisoner who begs to stay indefinitely at the Guantánamo Bay detention center rather than be sent back to Algeria probably has a strong reason to fear the welcoming reception at home .
Abdul Aziz Naji , who has been held at Guantánamo since 2002 , told the Obama administration that he would be tortured if he was transferred to Algeria , by either the Algerian government or fundamentalist groups there .
Though he offered to remain at the prison , the administration shipped him home last weekend and washed its hands of the man .
Almost immediately upon arrival , he disappeared , and his family fears the worst .
It is an act of cruelty that seems to defy explanation .
Mr. Naji , 35 and born in Algeria , was picked up by the police in Pakistan in May 2002 and turned over to the Americans on suspicion of being a terrorist .
He admitted working for the humanitarian wing of Lashkar - e - Taiba , the Pakistani terrorist organization , but the Bush administration never charged him with a crime , explained why he was being held , or demonstrated any connection to terrorist acts .
The Obama administration , which is trying to reduce the population at Guantánamo , battled Mr. Naji ’s lawyers all the way to the Supreme Court for the right to send him to Algeria .
Mr. Naji argued that once he was in his home country , he would be tortured , either by the government on suspicion of being a terrorist , or by fundamentalist groups pressuring him to join their cause .
A reader writes :
I sent my son to a ' Christian ' school because it was the only school in our area specifically for children with severe learning disabilities .
They had classes of 9 children each and a lot of ' one on one ' as well as a high level of supervision .
There were definitely a lot of " shalt nots " and not much nurturing .
Not wanting to risk his placement , we walked a careful line , only stepping in when certain boundaries were crossed .
Like when they told him he could n't draw any more because his pictures contained the devil with horns .
( Our son was severely abused and adopted by us when he was 3 .
These drawings were used for therapeutic purposes .
He was non-verbal and the drawings provided us and our family psychiatrist some limited insight into how he was doing . )
Anyway .
Despite never saying anything negative about the school in front of him , when he was 8 he insisted on going to the public school .
Shortly afterwards he said : " Christians do n't like kids , do they mom .
They do n't seem to care about us and they are always telling us we 're doing the wrong thing . "
He is now 29 , on a disability pension , rarely employed and still believes " Christians do n't like children " .
Attempting to talk to him about it is futile .
He is thoroughly convinced .
There 's some interesting reading at the end of a memo from the president - elect of the University of Southern California , C.L. Max Nikias .
The memo was sent today to members of the " USC Trojan family , " to announce that Pat Haden will replace Mike Garrett as athletic director .
But the memo also discloses a persona non grata attitude toward the two superstars whose time on campus helped lead to NCAA sanctions , O.J. Mayo and Reggie Bush .
In Bush 's case , the memo says the school intends to return his Heisman Trophy :
The Trojan family honors and respects the USC sporting careers of those persons whose actions did not compromise their athletic program or the opportunities of future USC student - athletes .
Accordingly , I have instructed the senior vice president for administration to remove athletic jerseys and murals displayed in recognition of O.J. Mayo and Reggie Bush by mid-August -- before the incoming class of students moves on campus -- from Heritage Hall , the Galen Center and the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum .
The university also will return Mr. Bush 's 2005 Heisman Trophy to the Heisman Trophy Trust in August .
The Heisman Trophy that 's on display at USC is a copy of Bush 's actual Heisman .
Bush is scheduled for an online chat tonight , to promote a football shoe .
That suddenly sounds interesting .
He may have some words for how USC is treating him .
And who would have thought the day would come when USC ships back Reggie 's Heisman but keeps the one won by O.J. Simpson on display .
By Kalid Shamt – Berlin
Is has been reported many on board the ships are missing and unaccounted for !
A German MP has claimed that the number of people killed by Israel in its attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla was nineteen , and not nine as is now widely accepted .
Ange Hogger MP was among those involved in the flotilla when it was attacked by Israel in international waters a week ago .
The opposition MP said that many more people were wounded than Israel is prepared to admit in its attempt to downplay the severity of the assault .
Her claim was made in a speech at the end of a mass rally organised in Berlin on Saturday afternoon to condemn the Israeli attack on the ships carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza .
The Israeli attack was , she said , “ Aggression , piracy and a crime similar to the siege [ of Gaza ] , in violation of international law and human rights charters . ”
The atmosphere on the Mavi Marmara was “ one of war ” , during which the Israeli commandos not only shot and killed or wounded many passengers but also stole their personal belongings .
Ms. Hogger has demanded that Israel returns the hijacked ships to their owners and transfers the cargoes of aid supplies to the besieged Gaza Strip .
At the same Berlin rally , the representative of “ Jewish voice for a just peace in the Middle East ” , Ipresse Bernstein , said that the Israeli attack on the Freedom Flotilla brought the case of the siege of Gaza to the centre of world attention .
“ What happened in international waters in the Mediterranean was a massacre against civilians to be added to the Israeli army ’s record of massacres in Gaza and other Palestinian territories , ” she said .
Ms. Bernstein went on to call for a campaign in Germany to boycott Israeli goods and an end to university and scientific exchanges with similar institutions in Israel .
Not least , she demanded , the German government should stop exporting arms to Israel and end all military cooperation with the Zionist state .
The rally was attended by thousands of people in the Noy Colin Kroizberg neighbourhood of Berlin where large numbers of Arabs and Turks live .
The participants carried Palestinian , Turkish and left - wing flags and called for freedom for Palestine , lifting the siege of Gaza and the removal of the wall snaking across the occupied West Bank .
The demonstrators also denounced American financial and military aid for Israel .
The debate in Germany following Israel ’s attack on the convoy prompted the Israeli ambassador in Berlin , Yoram Ze ’ev , to launch a sharp attack on two current MPs and a former parliamentarian who took part in the convoy .
In a press statement , Ze ’ev said that the attack on the convoy was “ self - defence ” because the convoy aimed to break the blockade on Gaza “ as a prelude to smuggle weapons to Hamas ” .
In response , the president of the opposition Left Party , Klaus Ernst , attacked the ambassador , and called his statement unwanted interference in an internal German affair .
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
We 've dubbed this chart the " Scariest Job Chart Ever , " as it shows how the decline in employment is WAY uglier than in past recessions .
Calculated Risk has updated it with the latest numbers from this morning , and now it looks even scarier .
Why ?
Check out the two red lines at the bottom .
The solid one includes Census hiring , while the dotted line does n't include it .
What 's clear is that while we still have a rebound including Census hiring , we 're already flattening out on the dotted line .
This is a shape not seen on the other lines .
suggesting that the fall is extremely deep , and the recovery is shallow .
Shigeru Miyamoto's world class design reputation is within video games , but when he was a student he demonstrated his very adaptable creativity within other media .
Such as chairs and coat hangers , according to a Los Angeles Times profile .
Advertisement
In an anecdotal profile published over the weekend , Miyamoto , 57 , related his earlier days as a designer .
In college , at Kanazawa College of Industrial Arts , " I made a lot of strange things , " he said .
We were given an assignment to create a chair .
Most of the other students would examine chairs from a historical perspective and create a chair that was an evolution of that .
When I got the assignment , I thought about what it would be like to sit on a rope .
So I tied some ropes together and made a chair .
I do n't think it was very comfortable .
Advertisement
In his initial job interview with Nintendo , Miyamoto of course had no video game concepts or code , given the times ( it was 1977 ) .
But he also did n't bring drawings , photographs or other tradition samples .
Instead he brought coat hangers , designed for kids who were too small to reach closet bars , and so young that traditional hooks might injure them .
The coat hangers had a cross fixture that would attach them to a notch in the wall .
" I painted pictures of elephants on them . "
Impressed , Nintendo thus hired the man who would create the company 's most iconic character .
Shigeru Miyamoto Profile [ Los Angeles Times ]
Fourteen acts or mindsets that have been shown–using science !– to increase creativity , from a two - article series on scientifically - proven methods toÂ increase your creativity :
Psychological distance : Imagine your creative task as distant and disconnected from your current location .
Chronological distance : Project yourself or the task forward in time .
Absurdist stimulation : Read some Kafka : absurdity is a ‘ meaning threat ’ , making our mind work harder to find meaning and enhancing pattern recognition abilities .
Use highly emotional states : Highly - charged emotional states increase problem solving and flexible thinking .
Combine opposites : ‘ Janusian thinking ‘ helps integrative ideas emerge .
Take resistive paths :
The path of least resistance typically leads to ideas lacking in creativity ( as they ’re inherently built on existing ideas ) .
Re-conceptualisation : Â Re-conceiveÂ the problem in different ways before trying to solve it , focusing on discovery at the problem - formulation stage .
Counterfactual mindset :
Two types of ‘ what could have been ’ thinking : Subtractive for analytical problems ( what could have been removed ? ) .
Additive for expansive problems ( what could have been added ? ) .
Two simultaneous problems : Multiple concurrent problems help the recall of previous creative solutions that may be related .
Generic verbs : Focus on abstract rather than specific details of the problem ( by thinking of problem - specific verbs in more generic terms ) .
Synonyms and category taxonomies : Look at the problem category or type and discover hidden structures ( by thinking of problem - specific details as synonyms and category taxonomies ) .
Engage conflict : Social conflicts give us intense motivated focus .
Think love not sex :
Thoughts of love shift our minds to a long - term viewpoint while sexual thoughts shift them to the immediate , which is more analytical .
Stop daydreaming : Somewhat againstÂ Csikszentmihalyi’s advice , incubation has shows minimal creative improvements .
However its advantage may be in that it helps us forget previous bad ideas .
Alternatively you could take advice from Grayson Perry :
San Diego Criminal Defense Attorneys
Being charged with a criminal offense in San Diego , CA is a dangerous situation which requires experienced legal representation and support .
Lee Law Group , P.C. is your San Diego criminal defense law firm with years of expertise in representing clients in difficult positions , especially those who are facing challenging legal battles and are looking for guidance , support , and answers to their questions .
Our driven lawyers will aggressively fight for the best possible resolution .
We have studied various tactics of the prosecution which allows us to reach a favorable defense for you .
Our expertise across different facets of the legal profession along with our grit and dedication ensures excellent results in your San Diego criminal defense case .
We will be with you during every part of your case .
Our committed team will handle anything from investigation to sourcing of witnesses .
We will develop a wealth of evidence that will prove your innocence .
The California criminal defense attorneys at Lee Law Group , P.C. are dedicated to protecting your freedom and fighting for your right to swift justice .
Call Lee Law Group , P.C. at ( 619 ) 349-1588 for a Free Consultation !
What To Do When Arrested in San Diego
Being arrested in San Diego can change your life in a blink of an eye .
How you handle yourself in the situation can significantly affect the severity of your legal issues which will affect your ability to get your life back .
First , keep calm and quiet .
It is tough to stop yourself from explaining your side , especially if you want to prove your innocence .
You are not required to share information to the police officer other than your name .
The officers will attempt to gather as much information from you .
Your Miranda rights will protect you from being forced to disclose information that may put you in a dangerous situation .
Any information gathered may be used against you during your criminal trial .
After hearing you have been read your Miranda rights , politely tell the police officers that you wish to invoke your right to remain silent .
Clearly state that you would like to speak with your attorney .
It is important that you say it exactly this way to prevent further charges like resisting arrest or obstruction .
Remember , the police officers can legally lie to you .
They can apply various strategies such as misleading you into talking and into allowing them to perform a search of your property .
Do not consent to any search , which will prevent them access to your home without the appropriate warrant .
Reach out to an experienced criminal defense attorney in San Diego right away .
Keep asking to speak to your attorney until they allow you to contact Lee Law Group , P.C. at ( 619 ) 349-1588 for smart advice and an aggressive legal defense .
San Diego Criminal Defense Process
Processes in the court system can be overwhelming and confusing especially if you are not familiar with it .
Here at Lee Law Group , P.C. , we will take you through each step and what to expect .
We will ensure that you are prepared .
Knowing each process ensures that you know how to protect yourself .
Each step is important as your life can change in the blink of an eye .
Being well - prepared with a strong legal team behind you ensures that you are given the justice that you deserve .
Investigation : Involves gathering evidence and interviewing witnesses to piece together the event surrounding the possible crime .
You may be questioned and even search your property .
Even at this early stage , you will benefit from the support of an experienced attorney .
A legal expert can help you prepare , how to conduct yourself , which questions to answer , and your rights during the investigation .
Arrests and Charges :
If the investigation points to your guilt , then you may be arrested .
At this point , the police can conduct a search without a warrant .
However , they need a probable cause to charge you with the crime .
Arraignment :
This is your first chance to appear in court where you will be read your charges and explained your rights .
You can enter a plea which will be either not guilty , guilty , or no contest .
It is important to consult with your defense lawyer to understand the pros and cons of each plea before making any decisions .
Bail : Bail may be addressed during your arraignment or on a separate hearing .
The judge may release you without bail , set bail , or deny bail .
Pretrial : During this step , your defense attorney and the prosecution will build their respective cases .
They may file motions to address various legal issues including any of your rights which were violated during the search or investigation .
Your lawyer may also challenge any evidence against you .
Trial : Each side will present relevant evidence , testimony , and arguments to a judge or a jury .
The prosecutor should prove your guilt beyond any reasonable doubt .
You should be backed by an experienced legal team to give you a fighting chance .
Sentencing :
This happens on a separate hearing where the judge will hear recommendations from prosecution and your defense lawyer about the appropriate sentence .
Appeals :
When found guilty , you still have the right to appeal the verdict .
At this step , you will need the support of an aggressive defense attorney to fight for you .
You can either appeal due to errors during the process or the lack of evidence to support the verdict .
Having the support of a skilled , experienced attorney in San Diego can greatly affect your ability to obtain a favorable resolution .
The dedicated criminal defense trial lawyers at Lee Law Group , P.C. provide expert legal support during the whole process .
Whether you have been arrested in San Diego for a DUI crime , drug trafficking , drug paraphernalia , or other drug charges , white collar crimes , domestic battery , assault and battery , sex crimes or sexual assault , theft charges , child abuse or other felony offenses , our aggressive San Diego criminal attorneys are ready to fight for you .
GET A CONSULTATION
You Need a Dedicated San Diego Criminal Defense Attorney
Lee Law Group , P.C. is your comprehensive San Diego criminal defense law firm which can provide you with legal support .
With decades of proven results , satisfied clients , and unwavering dedication , there is no better option for you .
Do not trust the half - priced lawyers you see on billboards – go with our Super Lawyers for the Best Defense !
DUI charges , violent crime charges , juvenile crimes , sex - related crimes , white collar crimes , theft , and other felony charges are no big tasks for the San Diego criminal defense lawyers at Lee Law Group , P.C. .
Our experience , drive , and commitment will get the best possible results for you .
Get in touch with our dedicated criminal defense law firm today to get your life back on track .
GET A CONSULTATION
Let ’s Talk Now - Free Consultation
As your dedicated San Diego criminal defense attorneys , Lee Law Group , P.C. provides comprehensive legal support .
We will be supporting you through each process .
Our experts will provide support , advice , and aggressive negotiation and courtroom skills if your case advances .
Lee Law Group , P.C. gets you the justice you deserve !
Call Lee Law Group , P.C. today at ( 619 ) 349-1588 for your Free Consultation with a San Diego Criminal Defense Lawyer !
Unless you 're a 50 - foot hipster , I 'd advise you to stay away from the world 's largest skateboard .
On the other side , if you and your forty friends feel suicidal , I 'm sure it will be fun till the very end .
[ Thanks Tom ! ]
Advertisement
Anthony Romero , director of the American Civil Liberties Union , had some fighting words for President Barack Obama during a speech to liberal activists in Washington on Wednesday .
Romero told the crowd at America ’s Future Now that he was “ disgusted with this president , ” according to blogger Marcy Wheeler of Firedoglake , who was in attendance .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m going to start provocatively … I ’m disgusted with this president , ” Romero said .
Politico‘s Josh Gerstein interviewed Romero following the speech and confirmed the quote .
The ACLU chief emphasized he did n’t intend it as a personal attack .
“ I ’m not disgusted at President Obama personally , ” Romero remarked .
“ It ’s President Obama ’s policies on civil liberties and national security issues I ’m disgusted by .
It ’s not a personal attack . ”
“ There was a discussion this morning , and there has been generally in progressive circles , about expectations that have not been met , ” he added .
“ I made the point that expectations were high because the president set expectations very high . ”
Romero says he ’s been disappointed about what he considers Obama ’s slow progress on civil liberties issues , and a lack of accountability for violations .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s 18 months [ into Obama ’s presidency , and ] , if not now , when ?
… Guantanamo is still not closed , ” he told Gerstein .
“ Military commissions are still a mess .
The administration still uses state secrets to shield themselves from litigation .
There ’s no prosecution for criminal acts of the Bush administration .
Surveillance powers put in place under the Patriot Act have been renewed .
If there has been change in the civil liberties context , I frankly do n’t see it . ”
“ The unwillingness of the administration to stick by its guns and prosecute the Sept. 11 defendants in criminal court does not bode well for the broader civil liberties agenda , ” he continued .
“ The fact they ’ve not announced anything raises the specter of doubt that , in itself , is debilitating to the Justice Department and raises serious questions about the administration ’s commitment to the rule of law .
Their silence speaks volumes . ”
According to Politico , the White House declined to comment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama held a tete - a- tete with civil and human rights groups in the Oval Office in early 2009 .
Attendees of the meeting said that the president was critical of groups that had equated his administration with that of former President George W. Bush .
“ It does n’t help to equate me to Bush , ” Obama reportedly said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Saying the meeting was off the record , Romero — who was in attendance — said that Obama had shown a “ remarkable command ” of the issues , but was nonetheless discouraged .
“ It is disappointing that he appears poised to continue with many of the Bush policies that have ended in failure , ” Romero told Newsweek .
“ If he goes down that track , President Obama will find himself in the same legal morass that swallowed up George Bush . ”
The ACLU has not minced words when criticizing the Administration before , but Romero ’s comment Wednesday appears to be among the strongest rhetoric to date leveled against the Democratic president by the group ’s director .
ADVERTISEMENT
In April , Romero sent a strongly - worded letter to Obama , asking him to end an alleged program that allows ‘ targeted killings ’ of terror suspects outside of war zones using unmanned drones .
In the letter , the civil liberties group argued that the program — which , according to news reports , is now targeting at least one US citizen — is unlawful and unconstitutional , and could set a dangerous precedent leading to foreign governments killing people on US soil .
“ The program that you have reportedly authorized appears to envision the use of lethal force not just on the battlefield in Iraq , Afghanistan , or even the Pakistani border regions , but anywhere in the world , including against individuals who may not constitute lawful targets , ” Romero stated .
“ The entire world is not a war zone , and wartime tactics that may be permitted on the battlefields in Afghanistan and Iraq cannot be deployed anywhere in the world where a terrorism suspect happens to be located . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
With earlier reporting by Daniel Tencer .
Sony did not make many friends in the tech community when the company forcibly removed the option to install Linux via a mandatory firmware update .
The problem was simple : Sony had previously pushed this feature as an advantage its system held over its competitors , and later assured gamers that it would continue to be supported .
That is , until Sony became spooked about the possibility of piracy .
Lawsuits were filed , and Ars Technica has now learned that the court will bundle all seven suits into a single class - action case .
" In essence , the claims in these cases are that Sony Computer Entertainment of America ( “ Sony ” ) falsely represented that PS3 purchasers would be able to use their PS3s as a computer by installing another operating system , such as Linux , " a document obtained by Ars Technica states .
" In a recent firmware update , Sony removed the ability of consumers to utilize this feature .
As a result , seven class actions were filed against Sony in federal court in San Francisco , California . "
This happened at the request of " all counsel , " and now the lawyers involved will work together as a united front against Sony .
" At the request of all of the attorneys , Judge Seeborg ordered that three law firms with offices in San Francisco where the litigation is pending will serve as co-lead counsel . "
So what happens now ?
A consolidated class - action complaint , followed by Sony 's response .
A court date is set for sometime in September for the parties to discuss next steps for the lawsuit .
The likely outcome
Sony does n't appear to have much of a defense here ; even if the company was trying to protect itself from hypothetical threats of piracy , it did list the ability to install alternate operating systems as an advantage of the PlayStation 3 , one that many gamers trusted when they bought the system in good faith .
While you do n't have to update the firmware , not doing so means you can no longer go online , play newer games , or use the system as it was intended .
None of the plaintiffs are likely to get rich .
If the plaintiffs win , the lawyers will get paid , Sony will probably have to pay PlayStation 3 owners a small refund to make up for the loss of the option , or there will be a coupon or game giveaway .
This consolidation just makes that settlement more likely , and much simpler from a legal perspective .
It shows a large number of gamers affected , and makes reasonable restitution possible on a large scale .
What 's important for gamers in a broad sense is that Sony loses money in the case , so there will ( hopefully ) be a financial incentive to keep all the advertised features working in future systems and firmware updates .
We 'll follow the lawsuit as it progresses .
We contacted Sony for comment and have yet to hear back .
Shaving leg hair is fairly common in the cycling world , both for professional riders and the more serious amateurs .
In 2014 , Specialized Bicycle Components released a video claiming shaved legs are significantly faster than furry ones .
How much faster ?
They provide almost as much of an advantage as switching from a round - tube frame to an aero- style one , says Mark Cote , who does aerodynamics R&D for the California - based manufacturer .
Whether you believe the science or not , the decision to shave is a personal one .
Here are some of the reasons riders given for shaving their legs .
01 of 05 For More Aerodynamics
To make oneself faster is probably the most frequently assumed benefit of leg shaving .
Less leg hair , less drag -- that 's the thinking .
The problem is that the aerodynamic advantage gained in this area would be so incredibly slight as to be virtually undetectable .
This is especially laughable when you think about a guy like USA cyclist Dave Zabriskie shaving his legs to go faster , and then keeping that big honkin ' mustache .
Tthe actual benefit depends upon how hairy you are .
And , regardless of what actual testing in a wind tunnel would show , like so many things in life , a cyclist who BELIEVES that having smooth legs is helping is likely to see ( or perceive ) a positive effect as a result .
02 of 05 Easing Healing of Road Rash
One of the reasons for shaving is that it makes the healing of " road rash " -- that painful patch of skin that has been ripped off your body after a nasty fall -- that much easier .
Cleaning the wound is simpler with no leg hair in it , and you lessen the chance of infection in addition to minimizing the painful problem of leg hair getting trapped in the scab as the wound dries out .
03 of 05 Makes Massage More Pleasant
One of the best things about being a professional cyclist is the massage sessions that follow a day 's riding .
Having clean shaven legs makes it easier and more pleasant for the trainer to perform massage .
​ Getting your hair pulled during massage hurts .
A lot .
Plus , there 's no pulling on the leg hair when they really start working the muscles hard .
04 of 05 More Attractive Appearance
To many people , shaved legs simply look better than hairy ones .
Tanned , muscular and lean legs are enhanced by smooth skin .
After all , that 's the same reason weightlifters shave their body hair -- to look better when they 're strutting around stage .
And anybody who has followed pro cycling knows there is no shortage of preening in the peloton .
A few years ago , entity systems ( or component systems ) were a hot topic .
In particular , Scott Bilas gave a great GDC talk ( http://scottbilas.com/files/2002/gdc_san_jose/game_objects_slides.pdf – updated link thanks to @junkdogAP ) on using them in the development of Dungeon Siege .
The main advantages to entity systems were :
No programmer required for designers to modify game logic
Circumvents the “ impossible ” problem of hard - coding all entity relationships at start of project
Allows for easy implementation of game - design ideas that cross-cut traditional OOP objects
Much faster compile / test / debug cycles
Much more agile way to develop code
I first started using entity systems in anger back in 2001 - 2003 , when I was working on MMOG server middleware .
We were targetting the few most painful problems in MMOG development , one of which was the difficulty of constantly changing your game logic after launch , which led us to entity systems .
I learnt then that entity systems were an almost perfect solution to massively speeding up the development time for most MMOG ’s , and for also allowing almost unrestrained re-writing of fundamental game features post - launch with very little effort .
That last issue is critical to the success of an MMOG : once an MMOG is launched successfully , its long term success or failure depends more upon the ability of the dev team to evolve that game into a better game month after month than upon anything else .
I learned a lot from that first run-in with them , more about the things that go wrong and what makes developing with entity systems particularly hard than about the things that went right .
We also discovered that performance could easily become a major issue – although they are very flexible and dynamic , the lack of pre-compiled lookups and optimizations can make runtime performance disappointingly ( unacceptably ) poor .
Why ?
Mainly because of the amount of indirection and checks needed to run even a single method call ( but I ’ll go into detail on that problem , and how to fix it , a bit later ) .
I moved on , and did n’t think about them again , until last year .
In 2006 I joined the Operation Flashpoint 2 team as the lead network programmer , where we trying to make an MMO - FPS on an unprecedented scale , and I discovered that the programming team was considering an entity - system to drive the whole game .
The attractions for the OFP2 team were different – mainly around the improvements to memory management they could get from it , and the stream - oriented coding ( which is essential for PS3 development ) – but it turned out to be something of a silver bullet for the “ MM ” and “ O ” parts of the MMOFPS .
As the network programmer , discovering that an entity system was going to be the interconnect for all other subsystems was a huge relief : the entity system meant I could implement the complex latency hiding and prediction techniques with minimal interference with the coding of all the rest of the game systems .
When you ’ve got 20 + programmers on a team , you really do n’t want to be placing yourself in a position where you ’re going to have to redesign code for all of them just to make it “ network friendly ” .
whilst I was working on OFP2 , I got in touch with Scott , and exchanged ideas on what the future might hold for entity systems , including additional uses for them , and on how to share this knowledge more widely .
He encouraged me to start a blog ( and , actually , a year later that was one of the main reasons I even started this blog , T=Machine ) , so I figured now was a good time to start ( finally ) writing about those entities :) .
And to blame Scott for the existence of this blog …
Since then , I ’ve been thinking a lot off and on about entity systems and their appropriateness for use in MMOG development ( again ! ) .
Only this time around – thanks to OFP2 and some of the issues it threw up – I had a much better idea how to use them to increase performance rather than reduce it , and had come across some other major problems that they conveniently solve .
Most obviously , they work wonders for PS3 development .
Knowing how PS3 ’s fundamental architecture works , I ca n’t immediately see how you ’d want to use anything other than a full entity system for game development .
There ’s so much horsepower in that beast that you can certainly write games many different ways , but it ’s particularly well - suited to this approach .
As it stands , I ’m beginning to think that next - generation MMOG ’s are going to be practically impossible to develop unless based heavily around a core entity - system .
“ practically ” being the key word – unless you ’re willing to spend $ 100 million for your development …
“ Anything is possible ” , of course , so there ’ll be many exceptions to that – but I think any team that does n’t go this route is going to suffer a lot because of it .
I think most people would agree .
But … recent discussions on game - industry mailing lists – and the experiences I had within games companies with programmers who were much better at programming than I was – made me realise that there ’s a lot of ignorance over these systems , and many people are n’t getting anywhere near the full potential of them .
So , if you ’re interested , read on …
I ’ll do this in a series of posts ( it ’s going to take some time to write it all up ! ) , but it ’ll go something approximately like this :
ADDENDUM :
EDIT , December 2007 –
You may also want to take a look at Mick West ’s introduction to entity systems for game development , it ’s a shorter read than my posts , but narrower in scope .
NB : as I post the other parts , I ’ll update the list above to link to them .
For the most part , the MSM is downplaying the attack by elite Israeli assault troops on the civilians of the Gaza relief fleet .
A day after Israeli forces stormed a flotilla carrying humanitarian supplies in a fatal raid , independent information on what transpired remained scant Tuesday .
The death toll of nine killed came from the Israels , who did not release the names of those who died .
The Free Gaza Movement , one of the groups that organized the convoy of ships , said the fatalities numbered higher , but did not offer an exact number .
The surviving passengers themselves were being held incommunicado by Israeli authorities .
A team from the Turkish Red Crescent was expected to fly to Tel Aviv , Israel , on Tuesday to help coordinate the return of the dead and wounded , the organization said in a statement .
Also Tuesday , protesters in several major cities planned to take to the streets in anger .
Two such rallies were scheduled in New York and Chicago , Illinois .
In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a pre-scheduled meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu .
Davotoglu has called the raid " murder conducted by a state . "
But the Obama administration response has been more tempered .
President Barack Obama expressed " deep regret " at the deaths and " also expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances around this morning ’s tragic events as soon as possible , " the White House said Monday .
That did not impress Turkey ’s ambassador to the United States , Namik Tan , who called the U.S. response " sort of weak . "
" Israel should not get away with this , " Tan said .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancelled a scheduled meeting with Obama this week to return to Israel to manage the crisis … [ emphasis added ]
Inserted from < CNN >
Turkey ’s response to this is significant , because until now , Turkey has has been Israel ’s only ally in the Muslim world .
Now here is a more revealing account .
In what could be a serious blow to Israel ’s narrative on the killing of at least nine humanitarian activists making their way to Gaza through international waters , raw video by an Al Jazeera producer , who was filming during the raid , appears to provide evidence that the IDF opened fire on the flotilla even before boarding it .
Israeli forces assert they came under attack by the pro-Palestine civilian group , and video released by the IDF appears to show one soldier being tossed overboard amid a scuffle with unidentified individuals wielding melee weapons , like clubs and chairs .
However , in raw video captured by an Al Jazeera producer and published to YouTube late Monday , two journalists provide a play - by - play of the harrowing event as pops and cracks echo in the background .
Even before the Israeli forces were aboard , one says , they were pelting the boat with tear gas and stun grenades , injuring numerous people .
Then he confirms the first death , saying the individual was killed by " munitions , " but not specifying whether it was a bullet or something else .
Then he confirms that Israeli forces were boarding the ship .
Another of the reporters featured in the video works for the Iranian network Press TV .
" We are being hit by tear gas , stun grenades , we have navy ships on either side , helicopters overhead , " he said .
" We are being attacked from every single side .
This is in international waters , not Israeli waters , not in the 68 - mile exclusion zone .
We are being attacked in international waters completely illegally . "
" The organizers are telling me now , they are raising a white flag — they are raising a white flag to the Israeli army , " the Al Jazeera reporter said .
" This is after one person has been killed ; a civilian has been killed by munition .
That number could be more …
Despite the white flag being raised , despite the white flag being raised , the Israeli army is still shooting , still firing live munitions . "
Early reports put the number of victims between nine and 19 , with dozens injured .
( Update : Figures from major wire services put the number at 10 , but it may yet change . )
The actual number has not yet been confirmed , as the IDF took all the Gaza aid flotilla participants into custody .
Numerous victims were reported to be from Turkey .
Palestinian leadership called the incident a " war crime . "
Israeli ally Turkey also pledged their regional neighbor will " face the consequences " for the killings and reportedly planned to send military escort with a future Gaza aid flotilla .
" At least four Israeli soldiers were wounded in the operation , some from gunfire , according to the military , " The New York Times added .
" Our soldiers had to defend themselves , to defend their lives , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reportedly said .
Other Israeli officials have called the charity organization responsible a group of " extremist supporters of terror . "
The IDF also alleged that weapons were found on board and that activists opened fire first , calling the the resulting violence a result of " provocation . "
However , if these reporters ’ immediate accounting of the events proves accurate , the truth of Israel ’s claim that they opened fire in self defense would seem to be in doubt .
Portions of the raw video were featured by Al Jazeera and AFP , although the beginning segment and the most clear allegations that Israel opened fire before boarding were not included in their entirety …
… The action sparked protests around the world within hours …
Inserted from < Raw Story >
I reviewed several video clips posted online , including the Israeli offering .
The clip that may be most revealing is almost exclusively in Arabic , making it quite confusing to me .
Here is an AJ report in English .
While the Israeli clip , if authentic , clearly shows passengers struggling with the attackers it comes from a later time , because it reveals that several Israeli commandos are already aboard .
The AJ report was filmed before Israelis had boarded .
This convinces me that it was Israeli aggression .
Here are a couple things to consider .
First , why was it necessary to prevent food deliveries to hungry people while the ship was still in international waters ?
Second , why was it necessary to send crack assault troops after civilians ?
This photo of Jupiter taken June 3 , 2010 by Australian amateur astronomer Anthony Wesley shows a bright fireball from an apparent meteor or other object .
Skywatcher Christopher Go of the Philippines also caught the event on video .
Full Story .
A huge fireball has been spotted on Jupiter in yet
The new Jupiter crash occurred on June 3 at 20:31 UT ( 4:31
Wesley 's photos show the Jupiter fireball blazing in the atmosphere of the gas giant planet .
So far , no visible scar in the clouds has
Wesley described the event as a " large fireball " on his website , where he posted the photos taken from Broken Hill , Australia .
This new impact on Jupiter comes less than a year after a
It was Wesley , too , who first spotted the July 2009
Astronomers initially suspected a comet in last year 's
And Jupiter has been smacked before .
In 1994 , the comet
Repeat Customer
While I am the builder in the family , my wife has been nick named the internet scavenger for the kind of deals that she is able to turn up .
We have now flipped over twelve homes in the past 8 years , all valued at over $ 500,000.00 .
Since we found Crown - Molding.com , we have saved literally thousands of dollars in mill - work and columns .
On our most recent project , the best that [ my wife ] could find for Columns and Balustrade alone was going to cost us about $ 60,000.00 .
Crown -Molding.com supplied these for $ 44,670.00 and two weeks sooner than anyone else could .
We just sold the house for $ 873,500.00 with more in our pocket thanks to you .
You will be hearing from us again very soon .
June 28 , 2010  --
The allegations are shocking : four couples living in the U.S. under assumed false identities while secretly working as covert Russian spies on long - term , " deep - cover " assignments to obtain information on nuclear weapons .
They are part of a clandestine network that used a series of cold war tactics such as encrypted Morse code messages , brush passes and invisible writing to send intelligence back to the Russian government , the FBI said today as it announced the results of a multi- year investigation into the alleged spy ring .
CLICK HERE to follow the ABC News Investigative Team 's coverage on Twitter .
Charged are Richard and Cynthia Murphy of New Jersey , Donald Howard Heathfield and Tracey Lee Ann Foley of Boston , Massachusetts , Michael Zottoli and Patricia Mills of Arlington , Virginia , and Juan Lazaro and Vicky Pelaez of Yonkers , New York .
Also charged is Christopher Metsos , who remains at large and is alleged to be one of the main facilitators for the group and a trained agent living outside the U.S. According to the complaint , Metsos purports to be a Canadian citizen and regularly traveled to U.S. locations to meet with the other defendants , including numerous meetings in New York City in places such as coffee shops and book stores .
Two additional defendants , Anna Chapman and Mikhail Semenko , were also arrested Sunday for allegedly aiding in the same suspected Russian spy ring .
The arrests come just days after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev met President Barack Obama in Washington , DC and shared hamburgers and French fries at a Virginia restaurant , not far from where Zottoli and Mills were living .
The couples are charged with conspiring to act as unregistered agents of Russia and conspiracy to commit money laundering .
Alleged Russian Spy Ring
The court documents read like a 1960 's cold war spy novel :
The accused spies allegedly used steganography , hiding secretive data in an image , and radiograms , bursts of data sent by a radio transmitter that resemble the sound of Morse code , as part of their secret communications with the Russian government .
The criminal complaint references buried money in upstate New York and clandestine meetings with the Russian government in South America for payments .
And there are allegations of fabricated birth certificates , Irish and Latino surnames , and fake college diplomas .
The Department of Justice revealed the depths of the multi-year investigation in court documents unsealed today , detailing the covert video and audio recordings inside the alleged spies ' homes , monitoring of phone calls and e-mails , and secret searches that were used .
" The FBI has surreptitiously entered certain of the defendant 's residences ; photographed evidence and copied electronic media while inside ; and then left the residence in question , " according to one of the complaints .
The defendants allegedly received their directions from the Russian military intelligence division known as the " SVR . "
The complaint alleges that members of the group sought to establish ties with congressional aides and scientists who worked on nuclear weapons development .
According to the complaint , in the spring of 2009 , officials at the SVR headquarters known as the " Moscow Center " sought information from the Murphys from individuals who were identified as U.S. foreign policy officials to " try and outline their views and most important Obama 's goals which he expects to achieve during summit in July and how does this team plan to do it . "
According to the FBI , some of the people the accused spies met with include a former legislative counsel for U.S. Congress , a former high ranking U.S. government national security official , a person working on bunker busting nuclear warheads , and a New York financier who is prominent in politics and a major fundraiser for an un-named political party .
" The Illegals "
The FBI has referred to the operatives as " The Illegals " who were sent to the U.S. undercover after extensive training to assume false identities .
In one message that was decrypted by the FBI the message allegedly sent to Chapman and Semenko said , " You were sent to USA for long term service trip .
Your education , bank accounts , car , house ect … - all these serve one goal : fulfil your main mission , i.e to search and develop ties in policymaking circles in US to send intel [ intelligence reports ] to C. [ center ] "
The criminal complaint in this case alleges contacts with officials operating out of the Russian mission at the United Nations and the Russian embassy in Washington , DC .
The complaint charging Chapman alleges that on 10 occasions between Jan. 2010 and June 2010 , Chapman was observed on FBI surveillance communicating covertly via a private internet wireless network with a Russian government official including a coffee shop at 47th and 8th Ave and other locations around New York City .
On Saturday , the day before she was arrested , the FBI used an undercover FBI agent , posing as a Russian Consulate employee to approach Chapman to set up a meeting with her to discuss problems she was having with her computer .
One of the other defendants , Semenko , was allegedly observed by FBI agents on June 5 meeting a Russian government official at a restaurant in Washington DC , who had arrived at the meeting in a car with Russian diplomatic plates .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Appearing on The Brody File , Rand Paul , who believes that portions of the 1964 Civil Rights
Act need “ further discussion ” and may violate private business owners ’
First Amendment rights , said that we would n’t really need laws in this country if everyone were a good Christian :
I ’m a Christian .
We go to the Presbyterian Church .
My wife ’s a Deacon there and we ’ve gone there ever since we came to town .
I see that Christianity and values is the basis of our society .
. . . 98 % of us wo n’t murder people , wo n’t steal , wo n’t break the law and it helps a society to have that religious underpinning .
You still need to have the laws but I think it helps to have a people who believe in law and order and who have a moral compass or a moral basis for their day to day life .
Although Paul attends a mainline Protestant church , in his comments one might hear an echo of Christian Reconstructionism .
RD contributor Julie Ingersoll , an expert on Christian Reconstructionism , once described it to me this way : “ Reconstructionists claim to have an entirely integrated , logically defensible Christian worldview .
Reconstructionism addresses everything you have to think about . ”
In other words , as a society we should follow ( preferable ) biblical law , and dispense with all but a small handful of civil laws .
The younger Paul may not be an ardent Christian Reconstructionist — he may not even realize its influence on his views — but his father , Congressman Ron Paul , used to employ one of Christian Reconstrutionism ’s leading thinkers , Gary North , on his staff .
North is the son - in - law of the founder of Christian Reconstructionism , R.J. Rushdoony .
Howard Phillips , the former Nixon administration official who founded the Conservative Caucus and Constitution Party ( formerly the U.S. Taxpayers Party ) and co-founded the powerful Council for National Policy , claims Rushdoony as his mentor .
Phillips once observed , “ Much of the energy in the home school movement , the Christian school movement , the right - to - life movement , and in the return of Christians to the political world , is directly traceable to Dr. Rushdoony ’s work . ”
James Dobson , who offered a last - minute endorsement of Paul , had voted for Phillips in 1996 as “ protest vote ” against the GOP .
Ron Paul spoke at the Constitution Party ’s fundraiser in 2009 , as did John Birch Society president John McManus .
Reconstructionists share the worldview of the John Birch Society , which as Adele Stan reported , has enthusiastically praised Paul ’s victory over Republican Trey Grayson .
( In 1963 — the year Rand Paul was born and , he claimed on Rachel Maddow ’s show , he would have marched with Martin Luther King , Jr. — the John Birch Society insisted that proposed civil rights laws were “ in flagrant violation of the 10th amendment , ” and threatened individual freedom . )
On the 40th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act , in 2004 , the elder Paul stated on the floor of the House , “ The Civil Rights Act of 1964 not only violated the Constitution and reduced individual liberty ; it also failed to achieve its stated goals of promoting racial harmony and a color - blind society . ” ( h/t Rachel Maddow ’s twitter feed ) .
Many Christian Reconstructionists believe certain forms of slavery are biblical .
As I wrote in a post last month , the resurgence of the JBS ( it was a co-sponsor of this year ’s Conservative Political Action Conference ) alongside Christian Reconstructionism signals a resurgence of the sort of mish - mash of states ’ rights and individual liberty arguments made by libertarians and tea partiers — in Paul ’s case , federal civil rights laws are portrayed as some sort of government invasion of liberty — in which civil rights protections are flipped on their head and portrayed as antithetical to ( white people ’s ) freedom .
Diana Butler Bass , who dissected Virginia Governor ( then candidate ) Bob McDonnell ’s thesis as a piece of Christian Reconstructionist thinking , told me after McDonnell omitted mention of slavery from his proclamation of Confederate History Month :
I do n’t think it is any coincidence that Bob McDonnell dismissed slavery — since [ Christian Reconstructionism ] thinks slavery is not only permitted by scripture but it a necessary part of an ordered biblical society .
And [ Christian Reconstructionism ] also explains Bob McDonnell ’s view on gay people .
You do n’t need to advocate slavery or stoning homosexuals to functionally and metaphorically “ agree ” with those things in their 21st century guise — such as proclaiming Confederate History Month or taking away basic civil rights for LGBT folks .
Such proclamations and executive orders are the contemporary equivalent of advocating stoning .
Others have deftly shown what ’s historically wrong with Paul ’s claims .
As Blair L. M. Kelley wrote at Salon , Paul ’s arguments “ echo the arguments made for segregation in his state before the turn of the 20th century , ” when , in Kentucky , a state senator “ proposed a new law requiring railroads ‘ to furnish separate coaches or cars for the travel or transportation of the white and colored passengers . ' ”
At TAPPED , Adam Serwer unpacked Paul ’s feeble defense of his stance ( claiming that he finds racism “ abhorrent ” and would have marched with King ) :
The problem with the conservative appropriation of King based on a single sentiment made during the “ I Have a Dream ” speech — the only King speech they ’ve bothered to read — is that it ignores the basic fact that the civil - rights movement was a fight for more and better government .
Black people had been living in the “ leave it to the states ” nightmare since Reconstruction , during which the war - weary North abandoned black people to the terrible lawlessness of a vengeful South .
Civil - rights movement leaders were fighting for the federal government to secure their rights against the arbitrary tyranny of the political powers in the Southern states , which maintained their hold on local government through coercion and violence .
Paul seems to think that good Christians do n’t need civil laws ( or civil rights laws , for that matter ) for them to do the right thing .
But it ’s crucial to acertain what that “ right thing ” really is .
Chalk this one up as a victory for the free software movement :
Thesis , the wildly popular proprietary WordPress theme from developer / designer Chris Pearson , is now available under a split GPL , the license that makes it possible to alter and redistribute this software as you see fit .
Pearson 's decision marks the end of a high - drama clash between him and Matt Mullenweg , the founder of WordPress and of Automattic , which runs WordPress.com and a handful of related software .
Some folks wondered if the battle of words might end in a battle of legal precedent as Mullenweg struggled to preserve free software principles and Pearson struggled to maintain control over his highly successful software .
Thesis caused a bit of a ruckus when it was first released a couple years ago ; being built on WordPress and using the WordPress plugin API ( GPL software ) , the theme was supposedly subject to the same share - and - share - alike principles and should have been released under the same GPL .
Also known as a General Public License , this document was created first by Richard Stallman , who still has very definite views about software sharing .
According to the GPL , software can be sold commercially but the user must be free to share the software , free to modify it , free to redistribute it to the community and free to share copies of his modified versions .
In the words of the license , " If you distribute copies of such a program , whether gratis or for a fee , you must pass on to the recipients the same freedoms that you received . "
Thesis was being sold for $ 87 per copy under a more conventional license , even though it used and referenced GPL - licensed code .
And for whatever reason , we did n't hear too much about this single WordPress theme from day to day , even as it grew to become quite a money maker for Pearson .
The sleeping dog was lying quite peacefully until Mixergy 's Andrew Warner conducted an explosive interview with Chris Pearson , creator of Thesis .
We say " explosive " in the sense that the blogosphere ( and other social media spheres ) exploded as the video racked up views .
As Pearson revealed the financial success he'd seen from his should - have - been - at - least - partially - free - and - open - source software , WordPress founder Matt Mullenweg fired back on Twitter .
This testy exchange culminated in another Mixergy interview , this time a face - off between the two gents .
A lawsuit was a - brewin' .
" Even if Thesis had n’t copy and pasted large swathes of code from WordPress ( and GPL plugins ) its PHP would still need to be under the GPL , " Mullenweg wrote on his blog .
He also began encouraging Thesis users to abandon the theme and seek GPL alternatives .
" We write software that empowers and protects the freedoms of users , it 's our Bill of Rights .
People should respect that , " he said on Twitter .
While it seemed over the past week that neither party was willing to budge on his position , Pearson has just now relented , if only enough to satisfy the legal requirements of the GPL .
" Friends and lovers : Thesis now sports a split GPL license .
Huzzah for harmony ! " he wrote on Twitter this afternoon .
Still , he said the change " has no practical implications for 99.9 % of people . "
The split GPL will allow the parts of Thesis that use WordPress code to be freely shared .
All the PHP code is GPL , while CSS and JavaScript code sections remain proprietary .
It 's not a complete win for FOSS , but at least it 's fair , compliant and fork - able .
Mullenweg 's public response seems to be one of relief .
" This has taken a lot of my time over the past few days and was going to consume more if it went forward , " he wrote on Twitter today .
" Thrilled , however , that Thesis is now legal and in compliance ...
What 's going to be far more useful to Thesis is the fixes we can send him now — which is the most beautiful part of open source . "
It 's a complex and nuanced issue , but we 're glad that Pearson saw fit to respect the GPL and that no blood was shed in the process .
What are your thoughts ?
Let us know in the comments .
[ HTML2 ] Did n’t get the chance to attend the Portland CivicApps Awards ceremony ?
There there , gentle reader .
Dry those tears .
You see , we tivo ’d it for you .
We ’ve got it all right here .
Well , most of it .
Okay .
Three minutes of it .
But still .
That ’s three minutes more than you would have gotten otherwise , right ?
That ’s right .
So take a few moments and revel in the amazing contest that was CivicApps .
See who won .
See what Tim O’Reilly has to say .
And the the Mayor of the great city of Portland , Sam Adams , crack wise .
[ HTML1 ]
( Hat tip Josh Friedman )
Like this : Like Loading ...
FaceTime supports iOS URL schemes , enabling users to initiate a call by clicking on a hyperlink .
i Phone 3GS users can see and click the links but they do n't work , not even for audio - only calls .
Yet .
Reader Felipe Baez discovered facetime :// URL scheme support while examining how FaceTime works .
iOS began supporting URL schemes a couple years ago ; the feature enables webpage links or apps to launch other apps on the phone .
Introducing URL schemes
Apple supports a variety of URL schemes for launching bundled iOS apps from a URL ( or programmatically within an app ) .
For example , tel://8008675309 prompts the user to dial that number .
It also works with alpha characters , so tel ://888 facetime correctly translates the letters into the corresponding numbers to dial .
Additionally , mailto ://[ email protected ] would launch Mail app with that addressee , and sms :// ( followed by a mobile number or short code ) launches Messages with a text addressed and ready to enter .
Apple also opened the URL scheme concept up to third party developers so they can register their own URL scheme .
While http://facebook.com/
always launches the web app version of Facebook using Safari , links beginning with fb:/ will launch the Facebook app instead ( as long as it's installed ) .
Linking to FaceTime
It 's therefore not surprising that Apple 's FaceTime has its own URL scheme that allows other apps ( or hyperlinks on a web page ) to initiate a video chat .
What is interesting , but not surprising , is that the URL scheme is n't enabled on anything other than iPhone 4 .
Oddly however , on other iPhone models running iOS 4 , FaceTime URLs are recognized as a valid URL scheme .
So rather than not being clickable or resulting in an error message that the URL is " invalid " ( as an unrecognized URL scheme does ) , iPhone 3GS users who click on a facetime :// URL get a strangely blank screen ( below ) .
This could be a simple mistake by Apple , or could be evidence that partial support for FaceTime calls was pulled late in the release .
Earlier iPhones do n't have the processing muscle to handle a video call , but they should be able to handle an audio - only call .
Being able to place free , audio - only iChat conversations from any iPhone running iOS would certainly be an attractive feature to users , particularly international callers .
Cameraman swooped by 9kg bird with 13 cm claws in quest for footage of world 's most powerful eagle in Venezuelan rainforest
As the first people attempting to fit a camera in the nest of the world 's most powerful eagle , the BBC filmmakers knew they were likely to be attacked .
But nothing could have prepared cameraman James Aldred for the defensive swoop by a 9kg female harpy eagle that left him nearly unconscious , ripped through his neck protection and knocked out his helmet 's communication equipment .
The incident , which Aldred survived , was just one particularly dramatic moment in a year of unique footage of the rarely - seen eagle , which eat monkeys and can grow talons up to 13 cm long .
Shot in the remote Orinoco rainforest in Venezuela , the team filmed a pair of the elusive birds of prey and their chick as it grew into a juvenile .
The eagle 's canopy - dwelling habits make it hard to find - the Planet Earth team gave up on it .
Once wide - ranging across South America , the bird is now limited to a few strongholds including Venezuela , where the nest was at the fringe of logging operations .
Fergus Beeley , eagle expert and the documentary 's producer , said : " I 'm amazed by the harpy eagle .
These are incredibly intelligent creatures .
To kill monkeys , they have to be as intelligent as them , to outwit and ambush them .
And it 's indisputably the world 's most powerful eagle .
It has wrists and feet as big as mine . "
The harpy , he said , was even stronger than other powerful eagles such as the crowned eagle of Africa and the Phillipines eagle .
As well as taking small prey such as sloths and other birds , the species is known to kill red howler monkeys and even the young of the small brocket deer .
Beeley 's documentary - makers had to wear protective clothing including helmets , stab - proof kevlar vests and elbow and wrist guards , while working at platforms 40 - 50 m high in a humidity that left them " permanently sweating " .
As well as the defensive attack on Aldred , the female harpy eagle hit one man in the kidneys and tore another 's leather thigh protection .
" Most birds of prey are frightened of people , but this one is not , " said Beeley , whose team eventually fitted a nest - cam .
The comings and goings of the harpy eagles have also been recorded in a scientific paper that is currently being reviewed .
The documentary , The Monkey - Eating Eagle of the Orinoco ' , airs this Thursday at 8 pm on BBC Two .
DeviantARTist gamefan 84 , a.k.a.
Tyler Edlin , has given us the painting of Chewbacca riding a giant squirrel and using a crossbow to fight gun-toting Nazis that we ’ve yearned for before we even knew why .
See also : Betty
White wearing a metal bikini and riding a John Ritter Centaur while wielding a burning chainsaw .
( Nazis not included . )
If you , like DeviantARTist “ pooface 12345 , ” wish to “ hang this on the wall of [ your ] mahogany paneled study , ” you ’re in luck : small prints are available for $ 9.32 , and large ones for $ 33.32 .
( Tyler Edlin via The High Definite )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Greg Sargent catches this , buried in a Politico article about Darrel Issa , who will chair the Oversight and Government Reform Committee , should the Republicans retake the House , this November ( emphasis Sargent ) :
At a recent speech to Pennsylvania Republicans here , he boasted about what would happen if the GOP wins 39 seats , and he gets the power to subpoena .
" That will make all the difference in the world , " he told 400 applauding party members during a dinner at the chocolate - themed Hershey Lodge .
" I wo n't use it to have corporate America live in fear that we 're going to subpoena everything .
I will use it to get the very information that today the White House is either shredding or not producing . "
As previously noted , Issa and other Republicans already are excited over the prospect of being able to impeach President Obama , despite there being not even a whiff of a hint of an allegation of anything even in the realm of a valid impeachable offense .
But Republicans prove , time and again , that they do n't care much for the Constitution .
They do , however , care very much for their corporatist owners .
Sargent , on the Politico article :
While that quote stops short of a full - fledged promise to never probe anything corporate America does , it 's nonetheless an extraordinary statement :
It sounds like a pledge to go easier on big corporations .
Dems plan to aggressively highlight this in the days ahead as an additional data - point in making the broader case against Republicans .
" Instead of focusing on holding big corporations like British Petroleum accountable , if Issa and Republicans have their way , as Chairman Issa would use subpoenas and an eighty person staff to launch tax payer funded witch hunts against the President , " DCCC spokesman Ryan Rudominer emails .
That 's the Republican agenda : Protect the corporate nobility , waste time and money on purely partisan witch hunts against Democrats , and ignore the needs of people .
The selection of F1 cars on show at the Goodwood Festival of Speed span six decades and include championship - winning cars from such illustrious names as Ferrari , McLaren , Williams , Lotus and many more .
Below you can find galleries of all the cars on show with many of them pictured in action and in close - up .
You can find an index of all the F1 cars on show here : Goodwood Festival of Speed 2010 images index
These galleries will be added to through the final day tomorrow so make sure to check back later to find more pictures of your favourite car .
Click on the thumbnails below to see the galleries for each car .
NB .
Not all cars are shown in motion because some are only static displays .
Goodwood Festival of Speed
The changes to the regulation of banks reverse the regulatory framework put in place by the Labour government when it first assumed power in 1997 .
The Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , which is to be abolished , was widely held to have failed in its duty to regulate the sector by not spotting the risky positions being taken by British banks .
George Osborne and Vince Cable anxious that rationing of lending to small businesses could reverse recovery from recession but banks claim there is no demand for credit
George Osborne and Vince Cable will spell out next week the dangers of a double - dip recession caused by a drying up of bank lending to Britain 's hard - pressed small and medium - sized businesses .
A green paper , to be rushed out by the chancellor and business secretary before next week 's parliamentary recess , will acknowledge the scale of the lending rationing crisis , which could " abort " the fragile recovery .
As the Bank of England ( BoE ) published data showing yet another month when more loans had been repaid than had been granted , Cable admitted the level of anxiety in the government about the flow of funds to smaller companies .
He said : " The green paper will acknowledge the scale of the problem and how the recovery could be aborted if we do n't get on top of this .
" There is a fundamental policy conflict between efforts to make the banks safer and our wish to get them lending more freely to promote growth , " Cable said .
He has been presented with research from the banks – which have given the work by PricewaterhouseCoopers the name " Project Oak " – showing that tougher capital rules and the end of emergency liquidity injections from the BoE could drain the banking system by £ 1 trillion in the coming years .
Cable believes there is a " very frustrating standoff " between the banks and small businesses : banks argue there is no demand , while businesses say they are not applying for loans because they expect to be rejected or the cost is too high .
" We have to acknowledge there is an issue , " said Cable .
Even so , he does not appear to be ready to alter the current lending targets for Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group , which run until next March .
Since the 2008 banking crisis , lending figures from the banks compiled by the BoE have been positive in only three months .
The Liberal Democrats calculated that £ 46bn of loans had been withdrawn in the past year alone .
Howard Archer , economist at IHS Global Insight , agreed with Cable that the BoE data showed " several worrying traits " .
Archer said : " The survey very much maintains concern that tight credit conditions could hold back the recovery .
This is even allowing for the fact that ongoing muted bank lending to companies is being influenced significantly by low demand for credit in addition to restricted supply .
" Lack of access to credit for smaller businesses is still a serious problem despite some reports that it has risen slightly in recent months , " said Archer .
The low level of activity in the mortgage market – where June 's 48,000 approvals were the lowest since May 2009 – also prompted Archer to forecast that house prices would fall by 3 % to 5 % over the second half of the year .
Banks are determined to press their case that the problem is a lack of demand of credit .
Stephen Hester , chief executive of RBS , has argued that 74p of every £ 1 lent to businesses before the banking crisis was to the property sector as a way to try to explain the downturn in lending .
The British Bankers ' Association also argues that the behaviour of customers , whether businesses or households , is entirely logical .
A BBA spokesman said : " The Bank of England 's figures concur with our own : they show that bank customers are responding to the downturn by using their deposits to pay off loans .
This is exactly the pattern we would expect to see in downturns .
In the meantime , bank lending to individuals and small businesses is governed principally by demand , which reduced during the recession but which now shows signs of stabilising . "
Lord Oakeshott , Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , stressed the coalition 's commitment to tackling the problem .
" The banks inflicted a savage £ 46bn squeeze on British business in Labour 's last year in office … getting them lending again to boost growth and jobs is a top priority for the coalition , " he said .
Even as the issue of getting credit flowing around the system was being discussed by the government , anxiety over the outcome of Europe - wide stress tests on 91 crucial banks and financial firms was driving the rate at which banks lend to each higher to their highest levels in more than year .
The rate to borrow in euros measured by the London Interbank Offered Rate hit levels last seen in August of 0.81125 .
The results of the stress tests are to be published after the markets close on Friday , giving any banks that need to raise extra capital the weekend to do so .
The four banks tested by the Financial Services Authority – Barclays , RBS , Lloyds and HSBC – are not thought to need more cash to withstand any deterioration in the European economy or the onset of a sovereign debt crisis .
Harry and Meghan call to end ' structural racism '
Duke and duchess say there have been changes but " sufficient progress " has not been made .
Help us explore the universe from the park , the train , or the bath * .
Following a number of requests we are today releasing the first mobile Zooniverse application : the Galaxy Zoo iPhone app .
The app , which will run on iPhones , iPod Touches , and iPads , lets you classify galaxies from our Hubble Galaxy Zoo project from anywhere .
It has a slick and simple iPhone interface and will challenge you with the same huge galaxy database as the galaxy zoo website .
If you have a long journey ahead and want to pass the time classifying , you can download a stockpile of galaxies via WiFi to keep you going the whole way .
And if you run out you can download some more over the 3G or Edge networks .
You can find the app on iTunes , by searching for “ Galaxy Zoo ” , or with this direct link .
You can find background information on the help page .
The app was developed by Oxford cosmologist Joe Zuntz , along with Arfon Smith and Stuart Lynn .
They have a bet with Chris that you ’ll be able to classify 1 million galaxies with it , and hope you ’ll help them win it .
* Please do n’t drop your phone in the tub .
Are you burnt out by the daily grind and craving some convenience ?
You have come to the right place .
Today , we are going to t…
http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/2010/07/28/2010-07-28_911_bill_in_trouble.html
BY Michael Mcauliff
DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU
Wednesday , July 28th 2010
WASHINGTON - The House votes Wednesday or Thursday for the first time ever on a bill to care for the heroes and victims of Sept. 11 , 2001 - and it 's likely to fail .
That 's because Democratic House leaders decided Tuesday to push ahead with the Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation
Act under a rule that requires two - thirds approval to pass .
Many Republicans are concerned about the $ 10.5 billion price tag , and many do n't like the way it 's paid for .
News of the scheme immediately alarmed 9/11 responders .
" Whoever votes ' No ' tomorrow should go to jail for manslaughter , " said John Feal , who lost half his foot at Ground Zero in the cleanup .
Feal thinks
House leaders should have found a way to move the bill in the regular way , needing just a simple majority .
" They 'll all go home and lick their wounds after the vote , but 9/11 responders are the ones who are going to suffer without health care after nine years , " Feal said .
Sources told the Daily News that Democrats feared Republicans would attach toxic changes in a simple majority vote .
No such tinkering is allowed under the two - thirds rule .
New York 's legislators were still holding out hope they would prevail .
" Every time we had a vote on this , we did much better than people thought , " said Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - Brooklyn / Queens ) .
And Republicans who oppose the bill can be cast in a politically poisonous light , Democrats said , noting the measure is paid for by closing tax loopholes on subsidiaries of foreign companies .
" Either they stand to protect foreign corporations who are avoiding U.S. taxes , or they are going to stand to protect those who stood in protection of us on 9/11 , " said Rep. Joe Crowley ( D - Queens ) .
" Do they want to stand up for the heroes of 9/11 or do they want to vote for tax evasion ? " asked Rep. Jerry Nadler ( D - Manhattan ) .
In a painful irony , the decision to use an odd procedure came as Congress was voting to fund the war in Afghanistan , and add it to the debt .
" What I think is tragic is that we 're funding wars that came out of 9/11 , yet we 're not taking care of the men and women who risked their lives , " said Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( D - Manhattan ) .
She and Nadler predicted if the measure fails , they will bring it back after the August recess .
" We 're playing to win , but if we do n't we 're building momentum , " Maloney said .
mmcauliff@nydailynews.com
When Slayer stopped by our Los Angeles offices to film a live performance for our very own AOL Sessions , we were n't really sure what to expect .
After all , the band had canceled a slew of live dates due to vocalist - bassist Tom Araya 's health issues .
Around the time of our taping , the thrash kingpin had recently undergone extensive back surgery , and anyone familiar with Slayer 's frenetic brand of metal already knows how much physicality goes into every one of their live performances .
If any of the lucky few who were there to witness the band 's Sessions appearance doubted if Araya and his bandmates were ready for the stage -- they were quickly schooled .
Slayer took command of the day , playing songs that touched on every period of their discography with masterful precision .
Though he could n't headbang like he normally does , Araya sang songs like ' Mandatory Suicide ' and ' World Painted Blood ' with the fury and passion vocalists half his age do n't even possess .
' World Painted Blood '
%VIRTUAL-globalVideoEmbed-{" videoIds " : " 517722361 " , " width " : " 400 " , " height " : " 346 " } %
Clearly , Slayer arrived for our taping in fighting form , and all you have to do is watch the group 's AOL Sessions appearance for proof of it .
' Chemical Warfare ' / ' Raining Blood '
%VIRTUAL-globalVideoEmbed-{" videoIds " : " 517722357 " , " width " : " 400 " , " height " : " 346 " } %
' Hate Worldwide '
%VIRTUAL-globalVideoEmbed-{" videoIds " : " 517722360 " , " width " : " 400 " , " height " : " 346 " } %
' Mandatory Suicide '
%VIRTUAL-globalVideoEmbed-{" videoIds " : " 517722359 " , " width " : " 400 " , " height " : " 346 " } %
PEP 3150 -- Statement local namespaces ( aka " given " clause )
PEP : 3150 Title : Statement local namespaces ( aka " given " clause ) Author : Nick Coghlan < ncoghlan at gmail.com >
Status : Deferred Type : Standards Track Created : 2010-07-09 Python - Version : 3.4 Post - History : 2010-07-14 , 2011-04-21 , 2011-06-13 Resolution : TBD
Abstract
This PEP proposes the addition of an optional given clause to several Python statements that do not currently have an associated code suite .
This clause will create a statement local namespace for additional names that are accessible in the associated statement , but do not become part of the containing namespace .
Adoption of a new symbol , ? , is proposed to denote a forward reference to the namespace created by running the associated code suite .
It will be a reference to a types .
SimpleNamespace object .
The primary motivation is to enable a more declarative style of programming , where the operation to be performed is presented to the reader first , and the details of the necessary subcalculations are presented in the following indented suite .
As a key example , this would elevate ordinary assignment statements to be on par with class and def statements where the name of the item to be defined is presented to the reader in advance of the details of how the value of that item is calculated .
It also allows named functions to be used in a " multi- line lambda " fashion , where the name is used solely as a placeholder in the current expression and then defined in the following suite .
A secondary motivation is to simplify interim calculations in module and class level code without polluting the resulting namespaces .
The intent is that the relationship between a given clause and a separate function definition that performs the specified operation will be similar to the existing relationship between an explicit while loop and a generator that produces the same sequence of operations as that while loop .
The specific proposal in this PEP has been informed by various explorations of this and related concepts over the years ( e.g. , , , , ) , and is inspired to some degree by the where and let clauses in Haskell .
It avoids some problems that have been identified in past proposals , but has not yet itself been subject to the test of implementation .
Proposal
This PEP proposes the addition of an optional given clause to the syntax for simple statements which may contain an expression , or may substitute for such a statement for purely syntactic purposes .
The current list of simple statements that would be affected by this addition is as follows : expression statement
assignment statement
augmented assignment statement
del statement
return statement
yield statement
raise statement
assert statement
pass statement
The given clause would allow subexpressions to be referenced by name in the header line , with the actual definitions following in the indented clause .
As a simple example : sorted_data = sorted ( data , key= ?. sort_key ) given : def sort_key ( item ) : return item.attr1 , item.attr2
The new symbol ? is used to refer to the given namespace .
It would be a types .
SimpleNamespace instance , so ?. sort_key functions as a forward reference to a name defined in the given clause .
A docstring would be permitted in the given clause , and would be attached to the result namespace as its __doc__ attribute .
The pass statement is included to provide a consistent way to skip inclusion of a meaningful expression in the header line .
While this is not an intended use case , it is n't one that can be prevented as multiple alternatives ( such as ... and ( ) ) remain available even if pass itself is disallowed .
The body of the given clause will execute in a new scope , using normal function closure semantics .
To support early binding of loop variables and global references , as well as to allow access to other names defined at class scope , the given clause will also allow explicit binding operations in the header line : # Explicit early binding via given clause seq = [ ] for i in range ( 10 ) : seq.append ( ?.f ) given i=i in : def f( ) : return i assert [ f ( ) for f in seq ] == list ( range ( 10 ) ) Semantics
The following statement : op ( ?.f , ?.g ) given bound_a=a , bound_b=b in : def f( ) : return bound_a + bound_b def g( ) : return bound_a - bound_b
Would be roughly equivalent to the following code ( __var denotes a hidden compiler variable or simply an entry on the interpreter stack ) : __arg1 = a __arg2 = b def __scope ( bound_a , bound_b ) : def f( ) : return bound_a + bound_b def g( ) : return bound_a - bound_b return types .
SimpleNamespace(** locals ( ) ) __ref = __scope ( __arg1 , __arg2 ) __ref.__doc__ = __scope.__doc__ op ( __ref.f , __ref.g )
A given clause is essentially a nested function which is created and then immediately executed .
Unless explicitly passed in , names are looked up using normal scoping rules , and thus names defined at class scope will not be visible .
Names declared as forward references are returned and used in the header statement , without being bound locally in the surrounding namespace .
Syntax Change Current : expr_stmt : testlist_star_expr ( augassign ( yield_expr|testlist ) | ( '= ' ( yield_expr|testlist_star_expr ) ) * ) del_stmt : ' del ' exprlist pass_stmt : ' pass ' return_stmt : ' return ' [ testlist ] yield_stmt : yield_expr raise_stmt : ' raise ' [ test [ ' from ' test ] ] assert_stmt : ' assert ' test [ ' , ' test ]
New : expr_stmt : testlist_star_expr ( augassign ( yield_expr|testlist ) | ( '= ' ( yield_expr|testlist_star_expr ) ) * ) [ given_clause ] del_stmt : ' del ' exprlist [ given_clause ] pass_stmt : ' pass ' [ given_clause ] return_stmt : ' return ' [ testlist ] [ given_clause ] yield_stmt : yield_expr [ given_clause ] raise_stmt : ' raise ' [ test [ ' from ' test ] ] [ given_clause ] assert_stmt : ' assert ' test [ ' , ' test ] [ given_clause ] given_clause : " given " [ ( NAME '= ' test ) + " in " ] " : " suite ( Note that expr_stmt in the grammar is a slight misnomer , as it covers assignment and augmented assignment in addition to simple expression statements )
Note
These proposed grammar changes do n't yet cover the forward reference expression syntax for accessing names defined in the statement local namespace .
The new clause is added as an optional element of the existing statements rather than as a new kind of compound statement in order to avoid creating an ambiguity in the grammar .
It is applied only to the specific elements listed so that nonsense like the following is disallowed : break given : a = b = 1 import sys given : a = b = 1
However , the precise Grammar change described above is inadequate , as it creates problems for the definition of simple_stmt ( which allows chaining of multiple single line statements with " ; " rather than "
" ) .
So the above syntax change should instead be taken as a statement of intent .
Any actual proposal would need to resolve the simple_stmt parsing problem before it could be seriously considered .
This would likely require a non-trivial restructuring of the grammar , breaking up small_stmt and flow_stmt to separate the statements that potentially contain arbitrary subexpressions and then allowing a single one of those statements with a given clause at the simple_stmt level .
Something along the lines of : stmt : simple_stmt | given_stmt | compound_stmt simple_stmt : small_stmt ( ' ;' ( small_stmt | subexpr_stmt ) ) * [ ' ; ' ]
NEWLINE small_stmt : ( pass_stmt | flow_stmt | import_stmt | global_stmt | nonlocal_stmt ) flow_stmt : break_stmt | continue_stmt given_stmt : subexpr_stmt ( given_clause | ( ' ;' ( small_stmt | subexpr_stmt ) ) * [ ' ; ' ] )
NEWLINE subexpr_stmt : expr_stmt | del_stmt | flow_subexpr_stmt | assert_stmt flow_subexpr_stmt : return_stmt | raise_stmt | yield_stmt given_clause : " given " ( NAME '= ' test ) * " : " suite
For reference , here are the current definitions at that level : stmt : simple_stmt | compound_stmt simple_stmt : small_stmt ( ' ; ' small_stmt ) * [ ' ; ' ]
NEWLINE small_stmt : ( expr_stmt | del_stmt | pass_stmt | flow_stmt | import_stmt | global_stmt | nonlocal_stmt | assert_stmt ) flow_stmt : break_stmt | continue_stmt | return_stmt | raise_stmt | yield_stmt
In addition to the above changes , the definition of atom would be changed to also allow ? .
The restriction of this usage to statements with an associated given clause would be handled by a later stage of the compilation process ( likely AST construction , which already enforces other restrictions where the grammar is overly permissive in order to simplify the initial parsing step ) .
New PEP 8 Guidelines
As discussed on python - ideas ( , ) new PEP 8 guidelines would also need to be developed to provide appropriate direction on when to use the given clause over ordinary variable assignments .
Based on the similar guidelines already present for try statements , this PEP proposes the following additions for given statements to the " Programming Conventions " section of PEP 8 : for code that could reasonably be factored out into a separate function , but is not currently reused anywhere , consider using a given clause .
This clearly indicates which variables are being used only to define subcomponents of another statement rather than to hold algorithm or application state .
This is an especially useful technique when passing multi-line functions to operations which take callable arguments .
clause .
This clearly indicates which variables are being used only to define subcomponents of another statement rather than to hold algorithm or application state .
This is an especially useful technique when passing multi-line functions to operations which take callable arguments .
keep given clauses concise .
If they become unwieldy , either break them up into multiple steps or else move the details into a separate function .
Rationale Function and class statements in Python have a unique property relative to ordinary assignment statements : to some degree , they are declarative .
They present the reader of the code with some critical information about a name that is about to be defined , before proceeding on with the details of the actual definition in the function or class body .
The name of the object being declared is the first thing stated after the keyword .
Other important information is also given the honour of preceding the implementation details : decorators ( which can greatly affect the behaviour of the created object , and were placed ahead of even the keyword and name as a matter of practicality moreso than aesthetics )
the docstring ( on the first line immediately following the header line )
parameters , default values and annotations for function definitions
parent classes , metaclass and optionally other details ( depending on the metaclass ) for class definitions
This PEP proposes to make a similar declarative style available for arbitrary assignment operations , by permitting the inclusion of a " given " suite following any simple assignment statement : TARGET = [ TARGET2 = ... TARGETN =] EXPR given : SUITE
By convention , code in the body of the suite should be oriented solely towards correctly defining the assignment operation carried out in the header line .
The header line operation should also be adequately descriptive ( e.g. through appropriate choices of variable names ) to give a reader a reasonable idea of the purpose of the operation without reading the body of the suite .
However , while they are the initial motivating use case , limiting this feature solely to simple assignments would be overly restrictive .
Once the feature is defined at all , it would be quite arbitrary to prevent its use for augmented assignments , return statements , yield expressions , comprehensions and arbitrary expressions that may modify the application state .
The given clause may also function as a more readable alternative to some uses of lambda expressions and similar constructs when passing one - off functions to operations like sorted ( ) or in callback based event - driven programming .
In module and class level code , the given clause will serve as a clear and reliable replacement for usage of the del statement to keep interim working variables from polluting the resulting namespace .
One potentially useful way to think of the proposed clause is as a middle ground between conventional in - line code and separation of an operation out into a dedicated function , just as an inline while loop may eventually be factored out into a dedicated generator .
Design Discussion Keyword Choice
This proposal initially used where based on the name of a similar construct in Haskell .
However , it has been pointed out that there are existing Python libraries ( such as Numpy ) that already use where in the SQL query condition sense , making that keyword choice potentially confusing .
While given may also be used as a variable name ( and hence would be deprecated using the usual __future__ dance for introducing new keywords ) , it is associated much more strongly with the desired " here are some extra variables this expression may use " semantics for the new clause .
Reusing the with keyword has also been proposed .
This has the advantage of avoiding the addition of a new keyword , but also has a high potential for confusion as the with clause and with statement would look similar but do completely different things .
That way lies C++ and Perl :) Relation to PEP 403 PEP 403 ( General Purpose Decorator Clause ) attempts to achieve the main goals of this PEP using a less radical language change inspired by the existing decorator syntax .
Despite having the same author , the two PEPs are in direct competition with each other .
PEP 403 represents a minimalist approach that attempts to achieve useful functionality with a minimum of change from the status quo .
This PEP instead aims for a more flexible standalone statement design , which requires a larger degree of change to the language .
Note that where PEP 403 is better suited to explaining the behaviour of generator expressions correctly , this PEP is better able to explain the behaviour of decorator clauses in general .
Both PEPs support adequate explanations for the semantics of container comprehensions .
Explaining Container Comprehensions and Generator Expressions
One interesting feature of the proposed construct is that it can be used as a primitive to explain the scoping and execution order semantics of container comprehensions : seq2 = [ x for x in y if q( x ) for y in seq if p(y ) ]
# would be equivalent to seq2 = ?. result given seq=seq : result = [ ] for y in seq : if p(y ) : for x in y : if q( x ) : result.append(x )
The important point in this expansion is that it explains why comprehensions appear to misbehave at class scope : only the outermost iterator is evaluated at class scope , while all predicates , nested iterators and value expressions are evaluated inside a nested scope .
Not that , unlike PEP 403 , the current version of this PEP cannot provide a precisely equivalent expansion for a generator expression .
The closest it can get is to define an additional level of scoping : seq2 = ?.g( seq ) given : def g( seq ) : for y in seq : if p(y ) : for x in y : if q( x ) : yield x
This limitation could be remedied by permitting the given clause to be a generator function , in which case ?
would refer to a generator - iterator object rather than a simple namespace : seq2 = ?
given seq=seq in : for y in seq : if p(y ) : for x in y : if q( x ) : yield x However , this would make the meaning of " ? " quite ambiguous , even more so than is already the case for the meaning of def statements ( which will usually have a docstring indicating whether or not a function definition is actually a generator ) Explaining Decorator Clause Evaluation and Application
The standard explanation of decorator clause evaluation and application has to deal with the idea of hidden compiler variables in order to show steps in their order of execution .
The given statement allows a decorated function definition like : @classmethod def classname ( cls ) : return cls.__name__
To instead be explained as roughly equivalent to : classname = .d1 ( classname ) given : d1 = classmethod def classname ( cls ) : return cls.__name__
Anticipated Objections Two Ways To Do
It A lot of code may now be written with values defined either before the expression where they are used or afterwards in a given clause , creating two ways to do it , perhaps without an obvious way of choosing between them .
On reflection , I feel this is a misapplication of the " one obvious way " aphorism .
Python already offers lots of ways to write code .
We can use a for loop or a while loop , a functional style or an imperative style or an object oriented style .
The language , in general , is designed to let people write code that matches the way they think .
Since different people think differently , the way they write their code will change accordingly .
Such stylistic questions in a code base are rightly left to the development group responsible for that code .
When does an expression get so complicated that the subexpressions should be taken out and assigned to variables , even though those variables are only going to be used once ?
When should an inline while loop be replaced with a generator that implements the same logic ?
Opinions differ , and that 's OK .
However , explicit PEP 8 guidance will be needed for CPython and the standard library , and that is discussed in the proposal above .
Out of Order Execution
The given clause makes execution jump around a little strangely , as the body of the given clause is executed before the simple statement in the clause header .
The closest any other part of Python comes to this is the out of order evaluation in list comprehensions , generator expressions and conditional expressions and the delayed application of decorator functions to the function they decorate ( the decorator expressions themselves are executed in the order they are written ) .
While this is true , the syntax is intended for cases where people are themselves thinking about a problem out of sequence ( at least as far as the language is concerned ) .
As an example of this , consider the following thought in the mind of a Python user : I want to sort the items in this sequence according to the values of attr1 and attr2 on each item .
If they 're comfortable with Python 's lambda expressions , then they might choose to write it like this : sorted_list = sorted ( original , key =( lambda v : v.attr1 , v.attr2 ) )
That gets the job done , but it hardly reaches the standard of executable pseudocode that fits Python 's reputation .
If they do n't like lambda specifically , the operator module offers an alternative that still allows the key function to be defined inline : sorted_list = sorted ( original , key=operator.attrgetter ( v. ' attr1 ' , ' attr2 ' ) )
Again , it gets the job done , but even the most generous of readers would not consider that to be " executable pseudocode " .
If they think both of the above options are ugly and confusing , or they need logic in their key function that can't be expressed as an expression ( such as catching an exception ) , then Python currently forces them to reverse the order of their original thought and define the sorting criteria first : def sort_key ( item ) : return item.attr1 , item.attr2 sorted_list = sorted ( original , key=sort_key ) " Just define a function " has been the rote response to requests for multi-line lambda support for years .
As with the above options , it gets the job done , but it really does represent a break between what the user is thinking and what the language allows them to express .
I believe the proposal in this PEP would finally let Python get close to the " executable pseudocode " bar for the kind of thought expressed above : sorted_list = sorted ( original , key= ?. key ) given : def key ( item ) : return item.attr1 , item.attr2
Everything is in the same order as it was in the user 's original thought , and they do n't even need to come up with a name for the sorting criteria : it is possible to reuse the keyword argument name directly .
A possible enhancement to those proposal would be to provide a convenient shorthand syntax to say " use the given clause contents as keyword arguments " .
Even without dedicated syntax , that can be written simply as ** vars ( ? ) .
Harmful to Introspection Poking around in module and class internals is an invaluable tool for white - box testing and interactive debugging .
The given clause will be quite effective at preventing access to temporary state used during calculations ( although no more so than current usage of del statements in that regard ) .
While this is a valid concern , design for testability is an issue that cuts across many aspects of programming .
If a component needs to be tested independently , then a given statement should be refactored in to separate statements so that information is exposed to the test suite .
This is n't significantly different from refactoring an operation hidden inside a function or generator out into its own function purely to allow it to be tested in isolation .
Lack of Real World Impact Assessment
The examples in the current PEP are almost all relatively small " toy " examples .
The proposal in this PEP needs to be subjected to the test of application to a large code base ( such as the standard library or a large Twisted application ) in a search for examples where the readability of real world code is genuinely enhanced .
This is more of a deficiency in the PEP rather than the idea , though .
If it was n't a real world problem , we would n't get so many complaints about the lack of multi-line lambda support and Ruby 's block construct probably would n't be quite so popular .
Open Questions Syntax for Forward References
The ?
symbol is proposed for forward references to the given namespace as it is short , currently unused and suggests " there 's something missing here that will be filled in later " .
The proposal in the PEP does n't neatly parallel any existing Python feature , so reusing an already used symbol has been deliberately avoided .
Handling of nonlocal and global nonlocal and global are explicitly disallowed in the given clause suite and will be syntax errors if they occur .
They will work normally if they appear within a def statement within that suite .
Alternatively , they could be defined as operating as if the anonymous functions were defined as in the expansion above .
Handling of break and continue break and continue will operate as if the anonymous functions were defined as in the expansion above .
They will be syntax errors if they occur in the given clause suite but will work normally if they appear within a for or while loop as part of that suite .
Handling of return and yield return and yield are explicitly disallowed in the given clause suite and will be syntax errors if they occur .
They will work normally if they appear within a def statement within that suite .
Examples Defining callbacks for event driven programming : # Current Python ( definition before use ) def cb( sock ) : # Do something with socket def eb( exc ) : logging .exception (
" Failed connecting to %s : %s " , host , port ) loop.create_connection (( host , port ) , cb , eb ) given : # Becomes : loop.create_connection (( host , port ) , ?.cb , ?.eb ) given : def cb( sock ) : # Do something with socket def eb( exc ) : logging .exception (
" Failed connecting to %s : %s " , host , port ) Defining " one-off " classes which typically only have a single instance : # Current Python ( instantiation after definition ) class public_name ( ) : ... # However many lines public_name = public_name ( * params ) # Current Python ( custom decorator ) def singleton ( * args , ** kwds ) : def decorator ( cls ) : return cls( *args , ** kwds ) return decorator @singleton ( * params ) class public_name ( ) : ... #
However many lines # Becomes : public_name = ?.MeaningfulClassName( * params ) given : class MeaningfulClassName ( ) : ... #
Should trawl the stdlib for an example of doing this Calculating attributes without polluting the local namespace ( from os. py ) : # Current Python ( manual namespace cleanup ) def _createenviron ( ) : ... # 27 line function environ = _createenviron ( ) del _createenviron # Becomes : environ = ?._createenviron ( ) given : def _createenviron ( ) : ... # 27 line function Replacing default argument hack ( from functools.lru_cache ) : # Current Python ( default argument hack ) def decorating_function ( user_function , tuple=tuple , sorted=sorted , len=len , KeyError=KeyError ) : ... # 60 line function return decorating_function # Becomes : return ?.decorating_function given : # Cell variables rather than locals , but should give similar speedup tuple , sorted , len , KeyError = tuple , sorted , len , KeyError def decorating_function ( user_function ) : ... # 60 line function #
This example also nicely makes it clear that there is nothing in the # function after the nested function definition .
Due to additional # nested functions , that is n't entirely clear in the current code .
Possible Additions
The current proposal allows the addition of a given clause only for simple statements .
Extending the idea to allow the use of compound statements would be quite possible ( by appending the given clause as an independent suite at the end ) , but doing so raises serious readability concerns ( as values defined in the given clause may be used well before they are defined , exactly the kind of readability trap that other features like decorators and with statements are designed to eliminate )
clause only for simple statements .
Extending the idea to allow the use of compound statements would be quite possible ( by appending the given clause as an independent suite at the end ) , but doing so raises serious readability concerns ( as values defined in the clause may be used well before they are defined , exactly the kind of readability trap that other features like decorators and statements are designed to eliminate )
The " explicit early binding " variant may be applicable to the discussions on python - ideas on how to eliminate the default argument hack .
A given clause in the header line for functions ( after the return type annotation ) may be the answer to that question .
Rejected Alternatives
An earlier version of this PEP allowed implicit forward references to the names in the trailing suite , and also used implicit early binding semantics .
Both of these ideas substantially complicated the proposal without providing a sufficient increase in expressive power .
The current proposing with explicit forward references and early binding brings the new construct into line with existing scoping semantics , greatly improving the chances the idea can actually be implemented .
In addition to the proposals made here , there have also been suggestions of two suite " in-order " variants which provide the limited scoping of names without supporting out - of - order execution .
I believe these suggestions largely miss the point of what people are complaining about when they ask for multi-line lambda support - it is n't that coming up with a name for the subexpression is especially difficult , it 's that naming the function before the statement that uses it means the code no longer matches the way the developer thinks about the problem at hand .
I 've made some unpublished attempts to allow direct references to the closure implicitly created by the given clause , while still retaining the general structure of the syntax as defined in this PEP ( For example , allowing a subexpression like ?
given or : given to be used in expressions to indicate a direct reference to the implied closure , thus preventing it from being called automatically to create the local namespace ) .
All such attempts have appeared unattractive and confusing compared to the simpler decorator - inspired proposal in PEP 403 .
Reference Implementation None as yet .
If you want a crash course in Python namespace semantics and code compilation , feel free to try ;)
TO - DO Mention PEP 359 and possible uses for locals ( ) in the given clause
clause Figure out if this can be used internally to make the implementation of zero- argument super ( ) calls less awful
Evidence that the British government plotted to have a number of UK citizens sent from Afghanistan to Guantánamo Bay after the al - Qaida attacks of September 2001 has emerged in previously classified documents handed to lawyers representing victims of extraordinary rendition .
The documents show that Tony Blair 's office intervened to thwart Foreign Office efforts to secure the release of a British Muslim detained in Zambia , with the result that he too was sent unlawfully to the American detention centre on Cuba .
While a number of senior figures in the last Labour government publicly criticised the use of Guantánamo and called for its closure , the documents show that in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 a decision had been taken at the highest level to use it to incarcerate British nationals .
The contents of some documents were made public at the high court today as lawyers for six rendition victims opposed an application by the government to halt their claim for damages temporarily .
The government argues that proceedings should be delayed while attempts at mediation are made before a judicial inquiry into the UK 's role in torture and rendition announced last week .
Tim Otty QC , counsel for five of the six men , said proceedings should be allowed to continue because the documents that the government is beginning to disclose shed new light upon the role that the UK authorities played in the men 's mistreatment .
One document disclosed by the Foreign Office , dated 10 January 2002 and entitled Afghanistan UK Detainees , expressed what it described as the government 's " preferred options " .
It states : " Transfer of United Kingdom nationals held to a United States base in Guantánamo is the best way to meet our counter - terrorism objectives , to ensure they are securely held . "
The " only alternative " , the document adds , was to place these individuals in the custody of British forces in Afghanistan , or to return them to the UK .
The court heard that a similar document was sent a week later to Sir Christopher Meyer , the British ambassador to Washington .
Otty said the contents of some of the documents " raise a number of troubling questions as to the role of the former prime minister 's office in frustrating the release of one of the claimants " , Martin Mubanga , who had been detained in Zambia early in 2002 .
" In the period of March and April 2002 , the prime minister 's office apparently countermanded a desire on the part of the foreign and commonwealth office to intervene on behalf on Mr Mubanga . "
Number 10 had ordered that Mubanga , a dual British - Zambian national , should not be allowed to return to the UK , and the foreign office realised that if it sought consular access – thus acknowledging they regarded him as British – he would have been released to the UK authorities .
One FO document complained about " the schizophrenic way in which policy on this whole case was handled in London " , which had put the British high commission in Lusaka " in an impossible position " .
By this date , said Otty , the risk of those falling into US hands being rendered and tortured was well known .
" Despite that , someone at Number 10 saw fit to counter what the foreign office wished to do . "
Mubanga was held in Guantánamo for 33 months .
He and the other five men , including Binyam Mohamed , are suing MI5 and MI6 , the foreign office , the home office and the attorney general over the role they played in their rendition and mistreatment .
The court heard that there was evidence apparently showing Blair 's office or the UK intelligence agencies " playing some kind of role in determining the scope of consular access " to the men over subsequent years , as well as intervening in a manner that impeded their release .
Government lawyers have been contesting the six men's claims for more than a year .
In May , after the appeal court dismissed attempts to suppress evidence of complicity in their mistreatment , the government indicated that it would attempt to settle out of court .
Yesterday Rory Phillips QC , for the government and intelligence agencies , said compensation could be offered as a result of any mediation .
Strategy : now there ’s a $ 50 cigar of a word , says Mick James .
Strategy consulting - up or down the mountain ?
While the rest of us
mortals scrabble around
in the bin for the
dog -ends that make up
tactics , in the C - suite ,
the halls of the United
Nations and the hotels
of the Bilderberg Group ,
the great and the good
savour the heady aroma
of strategy .
Or at least they did :
if the Bilderberg Group ,
for example , ever was a
“ shadow world
government ” , I suspect
they ’d have sought
voluntary redundancy by
now .
“ Global warming ?
Giant oil slicks ?
Financial meltdown ?
Sorry , we do n’t do that
any more .
Try the G7 .
Or
Davos . ”
As above , so below .
Strategy consulting has
been having a
predictably torrid time
recently partly due to
the general constriction
on spending , but partly
because strategic
options tend to get
constrained in a
recession .
To put it
crudely , you generally
know when you ’re screwed
and do n’t want to shell
out thousands to have
that opinion confirmed .
“ Blue sky ” thinking is a
drug on the market .
So this is nothing
new , but strategy firms
usually survive
recessions and bounce
back afterwards .
Sometimes this may
involve a bit of a call
on partners ’ resources ,
but this generally
proves a worthwhile
investment for the
considerable payback
once the economy gets
back on track .
Recently , however ,
strategy seems to have
got caught in a more
pervasive trend – the
tendency to look for
increasingly pragmatic
solutions , and also to
bring the strategy
function in - house ,
either by having a
dedicated strategist or
appointing strategy
house alumni to senior
positions .
So it was interesting
to hear strong rumours
emerging of a proposed
merger between AT
Kearney and Booz & Co ,
to create an entity
within sight – in
revenue terms at least –
of the mighty McKinsey .
There ’s a logic to
this : Kearney , although
sometimes described as a
“ strategy ” consultancy ,
has always focused much
more on the high - end
operational areas that
have benefited from the
shift in client focus .
Merging with Booz gives
it more of a seat at the
high table , and a
persuasive argument that
it can add more value to
the work of functions
such as procurement if
that work can be aligned
more closely to high - end
strategies .
Booz gains
respite from the cyclical nature of
strategy consulting by
being aligned to more
stable revenue streams ,
and also gets to benefit
from the practical
fruits of its
theoretical labours .
( A note here : “ Booz ”
should not be confused
with world ’s most
annoyingly named
consultancy “ Booz .
Allen
& Hamilton ” or
“ BoozDOTAllenAMPERSANDHam
ilton ” as I ’d have to
describe it to every
sub -editor .
They dropped
the dot and the
ampersand a while ago ,
to become “ Booz Allen
Hamilton ” and then
divested all the
non -governmental work ,
together with the dot
and the ampersand to
create “ Booz & Co. ” , the
entity that may now
merge with Kearney .
This
will all become clearer
with a new post - merger
name , hopefully not
“ Kearney & Booz ” which
sounds more like a
vaudeville act than a
consultancy . )
But – and this is a
big but – mergers at
this end of the market
are quite rare .
Like for
like mergers offer
little from the
individual partner point
of view .
These firms
operate in a fairly
narrow market , so simply
growing market share
narrows opportunities
while increasing the
number of peers you have
to share your toys with .
Scale is not such an
issue in consultancy
generally these days ,
and it ’s more likely
that McKinsey ’s size is
a function of its
success rather than a
cause .
Even further down
the value chain , where
scale is important ,
mergers and acquisitions
do need a logic beyond
simply ‘ embiggening ’
oneself , but this can
normally be expressed in
geographical or sector
footprint , or in
acquiring intellectual
property .
What is happening
here though is somewhat
different – a merger up
and down the value
chain .
These are a lot
more difficult to pull
off , because once you
cover too much of the
value chain the
difference in the
business drivers ( and
margins ) can begin to
pull the business apart ,
like a car with two
steering wheels .
There ’s also the
chance for rivals to
start nibbling at both
ends of the chain ,
taking out commoditised
stuff at the bottom end
and attempting to evict
you from the top end by
questioning the purity
of your motives and
“ niching ” you as a mere
implementer .
This has historically
had the effect of making
the integration of a
strategy firm with a different type of
consultancy a tricky
business .
Strategy
boutique OC&C , for
example , managed to pass
through the Coopers &
Lybrand organisation
like a Kopi Luak coffee
bean though a civet cat ,
emerging with it ’s
distinctive nutty
flavour pretty much
intact at the other end .
ATK had a somewhat more
fraught passage through
the bowels of EDS but
still came out of it a
bit chewed but broadly
recognisable as its
former self .
In each case the
solution to the
contradictions of
covering different parts
of the value chain was
an increasing separation
that ended up calling
into question the point
of the portfolio itself .
That ’s an embarrassing
and risky position to be
in , as it can also raise
doubts as to your
ability to consult in
precisely those tricky
areas of market
positioning and
portfolio management .
As annoying as it is
to deal with on a
face - to - face basis , the
total differentiation
strategy of McKinsey –
which would n’t even
acknowledge that the
phrase “ strategy
consultancy ” has a
plural – does seem to
work .
You can get
irritated with the lofty
attitude of strategy
firms , and indeed of
strategy consultants
themselves ( “ I could
tell you what I do for a
living , but your tiny
human brain would
explode ! ” ) but when
you ’re dealing with a
group of clients who
only need to look at
their payslips to be
reminded of their own
infallibility , by God ,
do you need it .
And we need it now
more than ever .
Everyone
is so mired in
day - to - day drudgery and
the sheer inevitability
of everything , that
we ’ve forgotten that in
the past it really was
possible to
revolutionise management
thinking .
Many of those
ideas that we now take
for granted came from
consultants who were
willing to grapple with
the issues of management
on an intellectual
plane .
Now the world of
business is gagging for
some new ideas : rather
than simply being very
sensible , strategy
consultants need to come
out and prove they
really are as incredibly
smart as they think they
are .
So the solution for
strategists is not to
come down from the
mountain but to try to
tempt everyone else back
up to that lofty peak .
After all , once you ’re
above the clouds , the
sky is always blue .
The HTC MyTouch 3G Slide from T - Mobile USA is the Android smartphone that has seemed to fly under the radar .
Released at a time when Snapdragon processors and AMOLED screens are all the rage , the mid-range specs on the Slide disguise the performance and feel of this qwerty slider .
Packing its own flavor of the touted HTC Sense UI and running Android 2.1 , the Slide was a phone I was itching to get my hands on and put it through the paces .
Hit the jump to see my impressions of this solid , but forgotten phone .
The packaging We 'll spare you the unboxing , as we 've seen about as many of those as we can take :) .
The packaging does deserve a little look however .
You wo n't find the normal everyday cardboard and paper box .
The Slide comes in a hard shell plastic case , reminiscent of a small jewelery box .
Inside you 'll find everything in its own padded compartment , where it fits nicely safe and sound .
Speaking of everything , included are a microUSB cable and an AC - to - USB charging block , the various manuals and " getting started " guide , and an above - average quality headset with inline remote , earbuds and a shirt clip .
A part of me thinks having this sort of packaging is a really nice touch , while the other part realizes that you 'll probably just end up putting it in a drawer , not to be seen for the life of the phone .
In any case , it 's different .
And in today 's competitive market , different is good as long as it's done well -- and in this case ( pun intended ! ) it is .
The exterior hardware The Slide is mid-range in size as well .
It 's 4.5 inches tall , 2.4 inches wide , and 0.6 inches thick .
It 's relatively slim even though it packs a four - row horizontal sliding qwerty keyboard , and it feels good in the hand .
With the keyboard closed , it feels very much like one of the previous generation ( G2 ) HTC devices .
The similarities end there though , as we 'll see as we go through things .
Up front , you have a capacitive touchscreen ( 3.4 inches at 320 x 480 resolution ) , four physical buttons -- Home , Menu , Back , and the Genius Button in place of the expected Search button ( You can check out how it performs here , where we put it head to head against Vlingo ) , and a trackpad that also acts as an action button .
Up top you have an attractive chrome earpiece , a light sensor and an LED for notifications .
Slide it open , and you have the four - row keyboard , which we 'll get into later .
On top you have the power button and a 3.5 mm headphone jack .
On the bottom , there 's the standard microUSB connector and two microphone grills -- not that there 's dual mics on the phone itself , but there are two openings to help things from being muffled by cases or fingers .
I found the microphone preformed just fine , callers said that I sounded normal during usage .
Around back you find the 5 - megapixel camera , with LED flash and the speaker grill .
In my opinion , the speaker on the phone is excellent , both for media and when using as a speakerphone .
The internals I 've been playing with a souped - up Froyo ROM on my N1 for a while , and I was sure the transition to using the Slide was going to be painful at best .
I was pleasantly surprised when I found out how wrong I was .
The Slide is a snappy device , both on paper during benchmarking and in real - world use .
It certainly wo n't be breaking any land - speed records , but it 's more than able and holds its own against some of the other newer offerings in the Android world .
It does all this with a 600 MHz Qualcomm ARM 11 processor , and a respectable 512 MB of ROM and RAM .
Very nice to see that HTC and T - Mobile did n't hold back in the memory department .
The battery is a 1300 mAh Li-Ion , and I have zero complaints about battery life -- even with poor signal I was easily able to get a full day 's use of e-mail , messaging and talk .
Speaking of benchmarking , have a look and see how the MyTouch 3G Slide fares against it 's bigger , faster cousins the HTC Evo 4G and the Nexus One .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel will stop another boat carrying aid and activists from penetrating its blockade and reaching the Gaza Strip , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Friday .
Israel , facing an international outcry over its naval operation on Monday in which nine Turkish activists were killed on a ship bound for Gaza , has vowed to prevent the Rachel Corrie from reaching the Gaza coast .
“ We will stop the ship , and also any other ship that will try to harm Israeli sovereignty .
There is no chance the Rachel Corrie will reach the coast of Gaza , ” Lieberman said on Israel ’s Channel 1 television .
The Irish - owned vessel is a converted merchant ship bought by pro-Palestinian activists and named after an American woman killed in the Gaza Strip in 2003 .
One of the activists on board , Irishman Denis Halliday , a former U.N. assistant secretary - general , told Irish radio they expected to reach the exclusion zone overnight and planned to continue toward Gaza in daylight .
In Dublin , Irish Foreign Minister Micheal Martin said in a statement : “ Those on board the Rachel Corrie have indicated that they are ready to accept inspection of their cargo at sea , prior to docking in Gaza . ”
Lieberman added that Israeli officials had been in touch with the Irish Foreign Ministry and said : “ We clarified ... to the Irish and to others , no ship will arrive in Gaza without a security check , without checking the cargo , without knowing for certain ( what is on board ) . ”
Save with USPS ®
Loyalty Program
Business customers who use our Click - N- Ship® service to pay for Priority Mail® and Priority Mail Express® labels will automatically start earning credits for future Priority Mail and Priority Mail Express purchases .
Send now and take advantage of a special Introductory Bonus that ends September 30 .
Learn More about saving with Click - N - Ship .
There ’s good news for American education .
About three - quarters of residents — 74 % — know the U.S. declared its independence from Great Britain in 1776 .
The bad news for the academic system — 26 % do not .
This 26 % includes one - fifth who are unsure and 6 % who thought the U.S. separated from another nation .
That begs the question , “ From where do the latter think the U.S. achieved its independence ? ”
Among the countries mentioned are France , China , Japan , Mexico , and Spain .
Table : Country from Which U.S. Declared Independence
Marist Poll Methodology
Check out The Marist Poll ’s mention on Countdown with Keith Olbermann
Based on a Liberal Democrat manifesto pledge , the Coalition has said it wants to increase the rate of CGT from 18 per cent towards the rates applied to income , which could see the tax increased to 40 or even 50 per cent .
That 's from liberal Washington Post columnist Courtland Milloy , who was very impressed by Justice Clarence Thomas ' superb concurrence in the landmark gun rights case McDonald v. Chicago .
As Milloy writes :
He hardly ever speaks during oral arguments , often appearing asleep on the bench .
But in his written opinion Monday supporting the right to bear arms , Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas roared to life ….
In a scorcher of an opinion that reads like a mix of black history lesson and Black Panther Party manifesto , he goes on to say , " Militias such as the Ku Klux Klan , the Knights of the White Camellia , the White Brotherhood , the Pale Faces and the ' 76 Association spread terror among blacks .
. . .
The use of firearms for self - defense was often the only way black citizens could protect themselves from mob violence . "
This was no muttering from an Uncle Tom , as many black people have accused him of being .
His advocacy for black self - defense is straight from the heart of Malcolm X .
He even cites the slave revolts led by Denmark Vesey and Nat Turner — implying that white America has long wanted to take guns away from black people out of fear that they would seek revenge for centuries of racial oppression .
Boehringer says the drug reduces the brain chemical serotonin , which can blunt sexual desire , and increases dopamine and norepinephrine , which improve desire , the company said .
By acting on a woman ’s brain , it takes a different approach from hormonal drugs or the action of Viagra for men , which increases blood flow .
Boehringer ’s application for F.D.A. approval said that its two key 24 - month studies , of 1,323 premenopausal women who said they suffered distress over lack of libido , had found small but statistically significant improvements .
The women lived in the United States or Canada , were mostly married , well - educated and found to have the sexual desire disorder but were otherwise healthy .
In results reported last fall at a medical conference in Europe , the drug was found to increase self - reported “ sexually satisfying events ” to 4.5 a month on average .
The reported events , which did not have to include orgasm , compared with 3.7 a month by women taking a placebo and 2.7 by those who did not take any pills .
The F.D.A. staff report on Wednesday , though , said that Boehringer ’s data had not sufficiently demonstrated a second criterion the agency had set for approving such a drug — specifically , that women also report an increased level of sexual desire .
The F.D.A. required daily self - reporting by the women in the studies ; Boehringer said it had provided monthly reports .
Lara Crissey , a spokeswoman for Boehringer , declined to comment on the F.D.A. staff report .
Other drug companies that have sought a drug to elevate women ’s sexual desire have included Pfizer , which spent several years trying to show that its drug Viagra could work for women as well as men .
When Pfizer ended that research in 2004 , it said in a news release that female sexual disorders resulted “ from a broad range of medical and psychological conditions . ”
Procter & Gamble sought F.D.A. approval for a skin patch to raise the testosterone levels of women who had had their uterus and ovaries removed , but it was rejected in 2004 because of possible links to breast cancer and cardiovascular disease .
In 2006 , though , European regulators , saying the testosterone patch appeared safe at low doses , approved that drug to treat depressed sexual desire in women whose uterus and ovaries had been surgically removed .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
CEBU CITY , Philippines -- President Thomas S. Monson of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints dedicated the Cebu Philippines Temple Sunday .
President Monson called the Church 's 133rd temple " a beacon on the hill " and thanked the Filipino people for the sacrifices they made during World War II .
LDS missionary work in the Philippines started in 1961 , and three of the country 's earliest missionaries attended Sunday 's dedication .
The new temple will serve about 200,000 Church members living in the southern part of the Philippines .
×
Photos
Related Stories
“ Run it , break it , fix it , ” another worker said .
“ That ’s how they work . ”
According to a separate 112 - page equipment assessment also commissioned by Transocean , many key components  including the blowout preventer rams and failsafe valves  had not been fully inspected since 2000 , even though guidelines require inspection of the preventer every three to five years .
The report cited at least 26 components and systems on the rig that were in “ bad ” or “ poor ” condition .
A spokesman for Transocean , who confirmed the existence of the reports , wrote in an e-mail message that most of the 26 components on the rig found to be in poor condition were minor and that all elements of the blowout preventer had been inspected within the required time frame by its original manufacturer , Cameron .
The spokesman , Lou Colasuonno , commenting on the 33 - page report about workers ’ safety concerns , noted that the Deepwater Horizon had seven consecutive years without a single lost - time incident or major environmental event .
The two reports are likely to broaden the discussion of blame for the April 20 explosion , which killed 11 workers and led to the gusher on the seafloor that has been polluting the Gulf of Mexico for months .
Transocean has sought in federal court to limit its liability to $ 27 million under the limitation of liability act of 1851 .
Under the law , the limitation of liability is removed if the vessel owner acted negligently .
Illustration by Rui Ricardo
Today , most people walk around with a camera
of some sort in their possession .
Point - and - shoots , DSLRs and tiny video cams -- not to mention cellphones -- have become ubiquitous .
And yet it seems that in many public locations , security officials are touchier than ever about letting people actually use those cameras .
Our guardians of public safety often have the idea that shooting pictures in public places might be a precursor to some sort of terrorism .
It 's an understandable concern , but misguided .
I believe there is a good case to be made that having lots of cameras in the hands of citizens makes us more , rather than less , safe .
Here 's how bad it has gotten :
Not long ago , an Amtrak representative did an interview with local TV station Fox 5 in Washington , D.C. 's Union Station to explain that you do n't need a permit to take pictures there -- only to be approached by a security guard who ordered them to stop filming without a permit .
Legally , it 's pretty much always okay to take photos in a public place as long as you 're not physically interfering with traffic or police operations .
As Bert Krages , an attorney who specializes in photography - related legal problems and wrote Legal Handbook for Photographers , says , " The general rule is that if something is in a public place , you 're entitled to photograph it . "
What 's more , though national - security laws are often invoked when quashing photographers , Krages explains that " the Patriot Act does not restrict photography ; neither does the Homeland Security Act . "
But this does n't stop people from interfering with photographers , even in settings that do n't seem much like national - security zones .
Tennessee law student Morgan Manning has compiled a list of incidents in which individuals were wrongly stopped .
Cases like that of Seattle photographer Bogdan Mohora , who was arrested for taking pictures of police arresting a man and had his camera confiscated .
Or NASA employee Walter Miller , who was stopped for photographing an art exhibit near the Indianapolis City - County Building and told that " homeland security " forbade photos of the facility .
More recently , a CBS news crew was turned back from shooting the oil - fouled gulf coastline by two U.S. Coast Guard officers who said they were enforcing " BP 's rules . "
Unfortunately , Manning notes , although such hassling is generally illegal , it 's hard for the average citizen to get redress in court -- how do you calculate the value of deleted snapshots or photos never taken in the first place ?
As the examples above demonstrate , it 's a problem that stems as much from cluelessness at the bottom of the chain of command as from heavy - handedness at the top .
The officers who crack down on photographers no doubt believe they are protecting public safety .
But evidence that photography might be useful to terrorists is slim .
According to security expert Bruce Schneier , head of security technology for British Telecom , terrorists do n't typically photograph targets in advance .
" Look at the 9/11 attacks , the Moscow and London subway bombings , the Fort Hood shooting -- no photos , " he says .
" I 'm not seeing a whole lot of plots that hinge on photography . "
On his blog , Schneier advises : " If you 're harassed , it 's almost certainly a law enforcement official , public or private , acting way beyond his authority . "
Not surprisingly , police tend to be particularly sensitive about being photographed themselves .
And many of the cases cited by Manning involve officers discouraging citizens from filming them while they go about their duties .
Though one can understand their skittishness , the fact is , our ability to document the actions of public officials is an important freedom , one that can serve as a check against abuses .
Police and prosecutors in Maryland have been taking a particularly hard line .
In one case , motorcycle rider Anthony Graber left his helmet cam on while he was pulled over by a state trooper .
A grand jury indicted him on several violations of the state 's wiretapping laws .
If convicted on all charges , Graber could face up to 16 years in prison .
In alleging that the GoPro video camera on Graber 's helmet constituted a " surreptitious " wiretapping device , prosecutors are making the claim that a person recording his own arrest is violating the police officer 's right to privacy .
This is the sort of thing you might be tempted simply to toss in the crazy file .
But , in fact , this is one of the comparatively few issues that could merit a new federal civil rights law .
Under the 14th Amendment to the Constitution , Congress is empowered to pass laws protecting civil rights against infringement by state and local officials , and that seems to be what 's happening here .
A clear federal law would limit cases , like Maryland 's , in which local officials use their power to harass those who might keep an eye on them .
Passing such a law would make us all safer .
Even in potential terrorism cases , the presence of lots of ordinary folks carrying cameras actually enhances public security .
In the hours after the failed Times Square car - bomb attempt , officials searching for clues did n't just look at their own security - camera footage , they also sought out home movies shot by tourists .
So what should you do if you 're taking photos and a security guard or police officer approaches you and tells you to stop ?
First , be polite .
Security people have tough jobs and probably mean well .
Ask them what legal authority they have to make you stop .
( If you 're in a public place , like a street , a park , etc. , they have none ; if you 're in a private place , such as a shopping mall , they may have a basis for banning pictures . )
Krages advises those hassled by security guards to threaten to call law enforcement .
If it 's an actual police officer who 's telling you to stop shooting , ask to speak to a superior .
And remember -- you never have a legal duty to delete pictures you 've taken .
More importantly , we need better education among security guards and law enforcement .
In Britain , the country 's police chiefs ' association is attempting to educate officers about the rights of photographers .
So far , nothing like that has happened in the U.S. , but it should .
Trying to block photography in public places is not only heavy - handed and wrong but , thanks to technology , basically useless .
With the proliferation of cameras in just about every device we carry , digital photography has become too ubiquitous to stop .
Let 's have a truce in the war on photography and set our sights on the real bad guys .
Who , it seems , do n't carry cameras anyway .
Popular Mechanics contributing editor Glenn Harlan Reynolds , author of An Army of Davids ( Nelson Current , 2006 ) , teaches law at the University of Tennessee and blogs at Instapundit .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
US President Barack Obama would be granted powers to seize control of and even shut down the internet under a new bill that describes the global internet as a US " national asset " .
Local lobby groups and academics have rounded on the plan , saying that , rather than combat terrorists , it would actually do them " the biggest favour ever " by terrorising the rest of the world , which is now heavily reliant on cyberspace .
The proposed legislation , introduced into the US Senate by independent senator Joe Lieberman , who is chairman of the US Homeland Security committee , seeks to grant the President broad emergency powers over the internet in times of national emergency .
Titled " Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act " , the bill stipulates any internet firms and providers must " immediately comply with any emergency measure or action developed " by a new section of the US Department of Homeland Security , dubbed the " National Centre for Cybersecurity and Communications " .
Lobby group TechAmerica told ZDNet it worried that the bill would give the US " absolute power " over the internet and create " unintended consequences " .
One of Australia 's top communications experts , University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt , railed against the idea , saying shutting down the internet would " inflict an enormous damage on the entire world " .
He said it would be like giving a single country " the right to poison the atmosphere , or poison the ocean " .
" All our financial systems , all our security systems ... we 're so reliant on the internet that if you shut it down there 's a question of whether society will continue to operate normally anywhere in the Western world , " Landfeldt said in a phone interview .
" By doing this they would do the terrorists the biggest favour ever because they would terrorise the rest of the world " .
Landfeldt said the US would be the only country in the world with the ability to shut down the internet .
He said such a move would be extremely difficult for the US to justify to other nations .
" Unfortunately , too much of the core of the internet resides in the US - let 's put it this way , they can not shut down machines in Australia , but they can completely isolate us and shut down certain core functions like the DNS ... they can render the internet fairly useless for the rest of the world , " he said .
Senator Susan Collins , co-sponsor of the bill , has said : " We can not afford to wait for a cyber - 9/ 11 . "
Lieberman argued the bill was necessary to " preserve those networks and assets and our country and protect our people " .
He said that , for all its allure , the internet could also be a " dangerous place with electronic pipelines that run directly into everything from our personal bank accounts to key infrastructure to government and industrial secrets " .
US economic security , national security and public safety were now all at risk from new kinds of enemies , including " cyber warriors , cyber spies , cyber terrorists and cyber criminals " .
Geordie Guy , spokesman for the online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia , said governments around the world seemed terrified of some unidentified risk that they believe the internet poses .
" The proposal is from Joe Lieberman , a repeat offender on rights versus regulation , in a bill called Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act of 2010 , " he said .
" One wonders which nation Senator Lieberman considers the internet an asset of , and how proposing its destruction by presidential or homeland security order protects it .
" The internet is not a national asset of the United States , nor is it a media regulation problem of Australia .
It is an international network used by millions upon millions of citizens and it needs to remain free and available . "
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy did not respond to calls requesting comment .
Google , one of the world 's biggest internet companies , declined to comment as it was not yet official US government policy .
Advertisements
The Des Moines Register released their new 2012 GOP poll for the state of Iowa today , and as expected the three most well known names , Mitt Romney , Newt Gingrich , and Sarah Palin lead the pack .
What is a surprise is n’t the overwhelming favorability of Romney , but the high unfavorabilily rating for Palin , who is not favored by 39 % of the state ’s Republicans .
The Des Moines Register poll did not measure preference , but instead focused on favorability .
Romney had the highest favorable at 62 % .
He was closely followed by Sarah Palin at 58 % and Newt Gingrich at 56 % .
Where the potential candidates separate themselves is in unfavorables .
Romney has a very low unfavorable rating of 26 % .
Gingrich is second at 33 % , and Palin is third at 39 % .
Another negative working against Palin is that almost all those surveyed have made their minds up about her .
Only 3 % of those surveyed were not sure about her , compared to 12 % for Romney and 11 % for Gingrich .
The Iowa caucuses are more than a year and a half away , so it makes sense for pollsters to measure favorability not preference .
Favorability is simply a measure of whether the electorate likes a candidate .
For my money , it is the most important statistic in all of political polling , because at a gut level voters have to like a candidate before they can support them .
A candidate can everything else working in his or her favor , but if voters do n’t like them at a very basic and personal level , they wo n’t win .
Advertisements
The problem that Sarah Palin is going to face not only in Iowa , but through out the 2012 campaign is that there are a substantial number of Republicans who have serious doubts and reservations about her .
Her favorability issues are compounded by the fact that the American electorate has already made its mind up about her .
While it is true that Palin is just as popular as any of the other Republican contenders , she is also more disliked by people in her own party than any of the other contenders .
In 2008 , Romney spent lots of time and millions of dollars in Iowa .
His organization remains very strong there and there is no reason to believe that he will not emerge from the Iowa caucuses with a solid victory .
The story to watch is whether or not Palin can overcome her own image and negatives and be a force in Iowa and New Hampshire .
Team Palin appears intent on running a cult of personality campaign built on the aping the style of Ronald Reagan .
Being that Palin ’s only strength is her personality , they will be limited to running a style over substance campaign .
Polls like the one in Iowa highlight the potential limitations of Sarah Palin as a presidential candidate .
Voters , and a sizable number of Republicans , do n’t like her .
Most importantly , she has been so overexposed that people have already made up their minds about her .
Instead of working to change this perception , Palin continues to reinforce it with erratic behavior , fence building , and celebrity feuds .
Just because this poll shows that there are real trouble signs for Palin in 2012 , does n’t mean that she should not be taken seriously .
The 2012 GOP field is so weak , that even a deeply flawed candidate , who has no chance of winning a general election , like Palin , has a chance to win .
Earlier this week we noted that Rep. Randy Forbes had been a guest on James Dobson ’s new radio program where he unveiled his plan to create a series of state - level “ prayer caucuses ” that would monitor legislation , court rulings , and elected officials and mobilize activists to fight them .
The latest issue of World Magazine profiles Forbes and his Congressional Prayer Caucus and reports that he has already created one state - level caucus in Mississippi , with others in Virginia and Florida coming soon :
Forbes says anti-faith groups have raised vast sums of money to pick fights with religious organizations .
“ For decades now people of faith have said , ‘ We are just working our own ministries , and we are going to wait and play defense when they come after us . ’
Our strategy is different .
We think we need to push back . ”
To do so Forbes set up the nonprofit Congressional Prayer Caucus Foundation to raise both awareness and money .
The foundation ’s website , which asks churches and individuals to sign up to pray for the nation on a “ digital prayer wall , ” also offers $ 5,000 annual memberships to a club called the “ 300 ” — a reference to Gideon ’s army in Judges .
The money funds Forbes ’ signature strategy : franchising out the Congressional Prayer Caucus concept to state legislatures .
Mississippi became the first state to partner with the caucus .
Mississippi’s GOP Lt. Gov. Phil Bryant spearheaded the effort after Forbes visited his office in February .
At that meeting Forbes enticed Bryant by telling him Mississippi could help spread the movement around the country .
“ I immediately accepted the challenge because Mississippi is one of the most religious states in the nation , ” Bryant told me .
On April 22 , a bipartisan group of more than three dozen Mississippi lawmakers crowded onto steps inside the state Capitol for a press conference on prayer .
To make it official the state legislature even put it to a vote , unanimously passing in both the House and Senate a resolution that formed the state caucus .
Next year a Senate Republican will lead the weekly prayer group while a House Democrat will take over in 2012 .
Legislatures in Virginia and Florida are at work on similar partnerships .
It is through these state groups that Forbes hopes to change the debate over religion in public life .
Many of the nation ’s legislatures already have prayer groups , but Forbes wants to bring them together into a nationwide network that tracks threats against religion .
The D.C. caucus would serve as the clearinghouse where policy makers formulate and coordinate strategies .
“ Here is the new world , if you send 100 lobbyists against us , we send two and a half million emails raising this issue , ” said Forbes .
“ Do you really want to fight that battle ? ”
Moving home calculator .
It 's easy !
Simply enter your inventory to find out the size of your move , then press Submit .
We 'll suggest the most suitable product to fit your needs , along with the charge rate .
You 'll be ready to book !
Remember to be as accurate as possible .
And do n't worry if you have an item that 's not listed .
You can enter more items once you book the job , and we 'll be in contact with you to confirm all the details prior to the big day .
FUSE is awesome .
While most major Linux filesystems ( ext3 , XFS , ReiserFS , btrfs ) are built - in to the Linux kernel , FUSE is a library that lets you instead write filesystems as userspace applications .
When something attempts to access the filesystem , those accesses get passed on to the FUSE application , which can then return the filesystem data .
It lets you quickly prototype and test filesystems that can run on multiple platforms without writing kernel code .
You can easily experiment with strange and unusual interactions between the filesystem and your applications .
You can even build filesystems without writing a line of C code .
FUSE has a reputation of being used only for toy filesystems ( when are you actually going to use flickrfs ? ) , but that 's really not fair .
FUSE is currently the best way to read NTFS partitions on Linux , how non-GNOME and legacy applications can access files over SFTP , SMB , and other protocols , and the only way to run ZFS on Linux .
But because the FUSE API calls separate functions for each system call ( i.e. getattr , open , read , etc. ) , in order to write a useful filesystem you need boilerplate code to translate requests for a particular path into a logical object in your filesystem , and you need to do this in every FUSE API function you implement .
Take a page from web apps
This is the kind of problem that web development frameworks have also had to solve , since it 's been a long time since a URL always mapped directly onto a file on the web server .
And while there are a handful of approaches for handling URL dispatch , I 've always been a fan of the URL dispatch style popularized by routing in Ruby on Rails , which was later ported to Python as the Routes library .
Routes dissociates an application 's URL structure from your application 's internal organization , so that you can connect arbitrary URLs to arbitrary controllers .
However , a more common use of Routes involves embedding variables in the Routes configuration , so that you can support a complex and potentially arbitrary set of URLs with a comparatively simple configuration block .
For instance , here is the ( slightly simplified ) Routes configuration from a Pylons web application :
from routes import Mapper def make_map ( ) : map = Mapper() map.minimization = False # The ErrorController route ( handles 404/500 error pages ) ; # it should # likely stay at the top , ensuring it can always be resolved map.connect ( ' error/{action}/{id} ' , controller= ' error ' ) map.connect ('/' , controller= ' status ' , action= ' index ' ) map.connect ('/{controller} ' , action= ' index ' ) map.connect('/{controller}/{action} ' ) map.connect('/{controller}/{action}/{id} ') return map
In this example , {controller} , {action} , and {id} are variables which can match any string within that component .
So , for instance , if someone were to access / spend / new within the web application , Routes would find a controller named spend , and would call the new action on that method .
RouteFS : URL routing for filesystems
Just as URLs take their inspiration from the filesystem , we can use the ideas from URL routing in our filesystem .
And to make this easy , I created a project called RouteFS .
RouteFS ties together FUSE and Routes , and it 's great because it lets you specify your filesystem in terms of the filesystem hierarchy instead of in terms of the system calls to access it .
RouteFS was originally developed as a generalized solution to a real problem I faced while working on the Invirt project at MIT .
We wanted a series of filesystem entries that were automatically updated when our database changed ( specifically , we were using .k5 login files to control access to a server ) , so we used RouteFS to build a filesystem where every filesystem lookup was resolved by a database query , ensuring that our filesystem always stayed up to date .
Today , however , we 're going to be using RouteFS to build the very thing I lampooned FUSE for : toy filesystems .
I 'll be demonstrating how to build a simple filesystem in less than 60 lines of code .
I want to continue the popular theme of exposing Web 2.0 services as filesystems , but I 'm also a software engineer at a very Git- and Linux - heavy company .
The popular Git repository hosting site Github has an API for interacting with the repositories hosted there , so we 'll use the Python bindings for the API to build a Github filesystem , or GithubFS .
GithubFS lets you examine the Git repositories on Github , as well as the different branches of those repositories .
Getting started
If you want to follow along , you 'll first need to install FUSE itself , along with the Python FUSE bindings - look for a python - fuse or fuse - python package .
You 'll also need a few third - party Python packages : Routes , RouteFS , and github2 .
Routes and RouteFS are available from the Python Cheeseshop , so you can install those by running easy_install Routes RouteFS .
For github2 , you 'll need the bleeding edge version , which you can get by running easy_install http://github.com/ask/python-github2/tarball/master
Now then , let 's start off with the basic shell of a RouteFS filesystem :
#!/usr/bin/python import routes import routefs class GithubFS( routefs.RouteFS ) : def make_map ( self ) : m = routes .
Mapper ( ) return m if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : routefs.main( GithubFS )
As with the web application code above , the make_map method of the GithubFS class creates , configures , and returns a Python Routes mapper , which RouteFS uses for dispatching accesses to the filesystem .
The routefs . main function takes a RouteFS class and handles instantiating the class and mounting the filesystem .
Populating the filesystem
Now that we have a filesystem , let 's put some files in it :
#!/usr/bin/python import routes import routefs class GithubFS( routefs.RouteFS ) : def __init__( self , *args , ** kwargs ) : super ( GithubFS , self ) .__init__(*args , ** kwargs ) # Maps user -> [ projects ] self.user_cache = {} def make_map ( self ) : m = routes .
Mapper ( ) m.connect ('/' , controller=' list_users ' ) return m def list_users ( self , ** kwargs ) : return [ user for user , projects in self.user_cache.iteritems ( ) if projects ] if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : routefs.main( GithubFS )
Here , we add our first Routes mapping , connecting / , or the root of the filesystem , to the list_users controller , which is just a method on the filesystem 's class .
The list_users controller returns a list of strings .
When the controller that a path maps to returns a list , RouteFS automatically makes that path into a directory .
To make a path be a file , you just return a single string containing the file 's contents .
We 'll use the user_cache attribute to keep track of the users that we 've seen and their repositories .
This will let us auto - populate the root of the filesystem as users get looked up .
Let 's add some code to populate that cache :
#!/usr /bin/python from github2 import client import routes import routefs class GithubFS ( routefs.RouteFS ) : def __init__( self , *args , ** kwargs ) : super ( GithubFS , self ) .__init__(*args , ** kwargs ) # Maps user -> [ projects ] self.user_cache = {} self. github = client .
Github ( ) def make_map ( self ) : m = routes .
Mapper ( ) m.connect ('/' , controller=' list_users ' ) m.connect ('/ {user} ' , controller=' list_repos ' ) return m def list_users ( self , ** kwargs ) : return [ user for user , projects in self.user_cache.iteritems ( ) if projects ] def list_repos ( self , user , ** kwargs ) : if user not in self.
user_cache : try : self.user_cache[user ] = [ r.name for r in self.github.repos.list( user ) ] except : self.user_cache[user ] = None return self.user_cache[user ] if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : routefs.main( GithubFS )
That 's enough code that we can start interacting with the filesystem :
opus : ~ broder $ ./ githubfs /mnt/ githubfs opus :~ broder $ ls / mnt / githubfs opus : ~ broder $ ls / mnt / githubfs / ebroder anygit githubfs pyhesiodfs python - simplestar auto - aklog ibtsocs python - github2 python - zephyr bluechips libhesiod python - hesiod debmarshal ponyexpress python - moira debothena pyafs python - routefs opus : ~ broder $ ls / mnt / githubfs ebroder
Users and projects and branches , oh my !
You can see a slightly more fleshed - out filesystem on ( where else ? )
Github .
GithubFS lets you look at the current SHA - 1 for each branch in each repository for a user :
opus : ~ broder $ ./ githubfs /mnt/ githubfs opus :~ broder $ ls / mnt / githubfs / ebroder anygit githubfs pyhesiodfs python - simplestar auto - aklog ibtsocs python - github2 python - zephyr bluechips libhesiod python - hesiod debmarshal ponyexpress python - moira debothena pyafs python - routefs opus : ~ broder $ ls / mnt / githubfs / ebroder / githubfs master opus : ~ broder $ cat /mnt/ githubfs/ebroder/githubfs / master cb4fc93ba381842fa0c2b34363d52475c4109852
What next ?
Want to see more examples of RouteFS ?
RouteFS itself includes some example filesystems , and you can see how we used RouteFS within the Invirt project .
But most importantly , because RouteFS is open source , you can incorporate it into your own projects .
So , what cool tricks can you think of for dynamically generated filesystems ?
~broder
STUDYING the stream of numbers flashing across his computer screen , Mark Williams checked the vital signs of Lewis Hamilton ’s McLaren MP4 - 25 racecar as it attacked a corner at the Australian Grand Prix in March .
Hamilton pushed hard at the Albert Park circuit in Melbourne , working his way up to a sixth - place finish after starting 11th .
But the shriek of the Mercedes V - 8 engine in Hamilton ’s racecar never distracted Mr. Williams from his task as head of race engineering for the Vodafone McLaren Mercedes Formula
One team .
On the lookout for abnormal readings  high brake wear , an engine malfunction , excessive fuel consumption 
Mr. Williams worked at a desk in the operations room of the team ’s home base in Woking , an upscale commuter town about an hour ’s drive southwest of London  and 9,000 miles from where the race was taking place in Australia .
That ’s racecar telemetry at work in 2010 , and it will be in place this weekend as well for the European Grand Prix in Valencia , Spain .
Hamilton goes into the race leading the driver championship points , and his team is atop the standings in the constructors ’ championship .
Gathering on - track data from electronic sensors to develop the best race - day set - up and strategy is nothing new in Formula One ; such remote reporting has been standard practice for years , with multiple channels of radio signals flowing from the car to computers and recording devices at the racetrack , either in the pits or the team ’s garage .
Want Newport news straight to your inbox ?
Sign up to our newsletter !
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A LARGE group of buildings thought to date from the 12th century has been discovered on the site of a Welsh castle .
It is hoped that the discovery at Nevern Castle , in Pembrokeshire , will provide new details on the history of the Norman fortress that was built in 1108 .
Two towers and three hall - like buildings have been unearthed at the site .
The excavations were directed by Dr Chris Caple from Durham University and supported by Peter Crane , Pembrokeshire Coast National Park ’s archaeologist .
The team also included students from Durham and Lampeter University and local volunteers from Cardigan , Newport and the Nevern area .
Dr Chris Caple said the recent work has revealed substantial evidence for buildings .
“ This season ’s excavations enabled us to make good progress in revealing and understanding the structures of the 12th - century occupation , two towers and three hall - like buildings , of Nevern Castle .
“ These constructions now appear to have been a highly desirable stone residence , a visible display of wealth and significant technical achievement .
“ Elsewhere in the castle , and probably of similar date , the extent of what was probably the Great Hall was uncovered .
“ This hall was constructed against another building , possibly a chapel or high - class accommodation , to be investigated in the next phase of excavation , ” said Dr Caple .
The project is run by a partnership of Nevern Community Council , Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority and Durham University and is funded through Cadw , the Welsh Assembly and the Park Authority , who manage the project .
Until this discovery , little of Nevern Castle could be seen .
The castle was built by the Norman marcher Lord Robert fitz Martin around 1108 .
The building was destroyed and rebuilt in the 12th century but after 1197 was abandoned .
Janet O’Toole , spokeswoman for the National Park Authority said visitors were being invited to guided tours of the digs .
TEHRAN , Iran —
One year ago , after a disputed presidential election , Iranians exploded in the most intense and sustained protests their country had known since the Islamic Revolution of the 1970s .
Calm has now returned to Iran .
Nothing has changed — but everything has changed .
The religious regime remains in power and faces no imminent threat .
Protests flare up from time to time — several are planned for this weekend — but no momentum gathers behind them .
Thousands of protesters were arrested after last year 's demonstrations .
Eighty - one were released last week , but they are liable to be re-arrested if they resume political activity .
The regime has succeeded in intimidating its opponents .
Yet a recent two - week trip through Iran , during which I spoke to dozens of ordinary people , suggested that last year 's outburst of protest changed something deep .
The regime has lost an important measure of legitimacy .
Most Iranians are young ; an astonishing 70 percent are under 30 .
Last year 's trauma has disillusioned many of them .
They pose a serious long - term threat to the Islamic Republic .
“ Right now , people are afraid , ” one young man told me .
“ But remember , we are the people who got rid of Alexander , Genghis Khan and Tamerlane . ”
Last year 's protests began after the June 12 presidential election .
The result was surprisingly decisive — a landslide victory for the incumbent , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad — but what angered people more was that it was announced within hours after polls closed , before many ballots could have been counted .
Then the Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , endorsed the result and demanded that protests end .
This was a fateful turning point .
Until that moment , many Iranians still saw the Supreme Leader as a figure above factions and open , if not to all , at least to a spectrum of respectful opinion .
By siding so decisively in favor of Ahmadinejad , and scorning the protesters so sharply , Khamenei lost that aura of impartiality .
He is now a clear partisan of one faction .
This removes a key pillar of the regime 's stability .
No neutral figure remains who commands broad respect .
A breach has opened in Iranian society that is not likely to heal .
When the Islamic Republic eventually falls or changes , historians will look back to 2009 as the moment when the tide began turning against it .
My trip , though , also showed me that despite last year 's political turmoil and growing international pressure due to the escalating nuclear crisis , daily life in Iran is normal .
There is no fear or tension in the air .
Many Iranians with whom I discussed politics told me that change will come , but slowly .
In a country with 25 centuries of history , this seems a natural attitude .
Iran 's regime controls the instruments of power and coercion .
Life is bearable for almost everyone , and pretty good for many .
Under these circumstances , Iranians do not consider a possibly stolen election sufficient reason to rebel .
No people on earth understand the risk of violent revolution better than Iranians .
In the 1970s they banded together to overthrow the Shah 's dictatorship , certain that the next regime would be better .
They wound up with one that is by most standards worse .
This bitter experience was deeply traumatic .
Because of it , many Iranians instinctively prefer to bear the ills they have than fly to others that they know not of .
Although the Green Movement , as last year 's protesters called themselves , electrified the world , it may not have represented a majority of Iranians .
In many parts of the country , people are pious and religious power is strong .
The Green Movement has not managed to broaden its social base — a key difference from the anti-Shah protests of the 1970s , which found support at nearly every level of Iranian society .
The movement 's goals are diffuse .
It has not even managed to come up with a clear answer to the most basic political question : Should the Islamic system be reformed or abolished ?
Instead it has pushed two demands , free elections and rule of law .
These are eminently reasonable , but not enough to bring Iranians charging out of their homes to face police and armed thugs .
The Green Movement has not been able to capitalize on last year 's success .
Protesters have failed to build a durable mass movement .
Repression has been effective .
Iran is not on the brink of exploding .
This poses an intriguing challenge to the U.S. and other Western countries .
If the current regime in this important country is going to be in power for at least some years , might it not make sense to engage its leaders in dialogue , rather than pursue a policy of threats and sanctions ?
“ The history of my country shows that Iran has always wanted to be integrated with the world , ” a college student told me in the town of Mahan , “ and that is what we want now . ”
Although the regime managed to crush last year 's challenge , it emerged from the confrontation palpably weaker .
Iranians are more deeply divided than at any time since the 1979 revolution .
Rival factions have emerged in the ruling group .
Pressure from the United States and Europe is intensifying , with a new round of United Nations sanctions on the horizon .
The economy is not producing nearly enough jobs for an increasingly alienated young generation .
Social ills are spreading .
This does not bode well for the Islamic Republic .
The world was shocked by the brutality with which security forces in Iran suppressed last year 's protests .
Even more impressive , though , were the protests themselves .
At great personal risk and with remarkable discipline , millions of courageous Iranians marched to demand their democratic rights .
This would have been unthinkable in most Middle Eastern countries .
There are seldom post-election protests in Egypt , for example , because Egyptians expect elections to be stolen ; there are none in Saudi Arabia because there are no national elections at all .
This outburst of protest was the legacy of more than a century of progress toward democracy in Iran .
Since the Constitutional Revolution of 1906 , many Iranians have embraced democracy as a personal choice , not as something imposed on them by foreigners at the point of a gun .
At mid-century they nearly succeeded in consolidating a democratic regime .
After Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh nationalized Iran 's oil , however , the British and Americans organized a coup to depose him .
Iran 's modern history offers three alternative forms of government : democracy , monarchy and religious rule .
Mossadegh was the last exemplar of democracy .
His overthrow in 1953 was followed by a quarter - century of royal dictatorship .
Then came more than three decades of theocracy .
If the cycle continues , democracy is due for another turn .
Iran has the potential to become one of the world 's most democratic Muslim countries , perhaps joining a list that includes Indonesia and Turkey among others .
Over generations , its people have internalized the meaning of elections , parliaments and political debate .
Last year 's protests showed the vibrancy of Iran 's long - suppressed democratic consciousness .
The challenge for Iran is how to get from here — an increasingly repressive state — to there : a more democratic regime .
Last year the Green Movement fired a powerful salvo , then was beaten back .
The unfolding of Iranian political history , however , has not ended .
This story is not over .
Stephen Kinzer recently completed a two - week trip in Iran , where he researched this article .
He wrote the piece from his home in Massachusetts .
Kinzer is the author of numerous books , including " Reset : Iran , Turkey and America 's Future , " " Overthrow " and " All the Shah's Men . "
Religious schools of the Greco - Roman world
" Mystery religions " redirects here .
For mystery religions in Western culture , see western esotericism
Mystery religions , mystery cults , sacred mysteries or simply mysteries , were religious schools of the Greco - Roman world for which participation was reserved to initiates ( mystai ) .
[ 1]
The main characterization of this religion is the secrecy associated with the particulars of the initiation and the ritual practice , which may not be revealed to outsiders .
The most famous mysteries of Greco - Roman antiquity were the Eleusinian Mysteries , which were of considerable antiquity and predated the Greek Dark Ages .
The mystery schools flourished in Late Antiquity ; Julian the Apostate in the mid 4th century is known to have been initiated into three distinct mystery schools — most notably the mithraists .
Due to the secret nature of the school , and because the mystery religions of Late Antiquity were persecuted by the Christian Roman Empire from the 4th century , the details of these religious practices are derived from descriptions , imagery and cross-cultural studies .
[ 2 ]
Much information on the Mysteries come from Marcus Terentius Varro .
Justin Martyr in the 2nd century explicitly noted and identified them as " demonic imitations " of the true faith , and that " the devils , in imitation of what was said by Moses , asserted that Proserpine was the daughter of Jupiter , and instigated the people to set up an image of her under the name of Kore " ( First Apology ) .
Through the 1st to 4th century , Christianity stood in direct competition for adherents with the mystery schools , insofar as the " mystery schools too were an intrinsic element of the non-Jewish horizon of the reception of the Christian message " .
Beginning in the third century , and especially after Constantine became emperor , components of mystery religions began to be incorporated into mainstream Christian thinking , such as is reflected by the disciplina arcani .
Etymology [ edit ]
The English word ' mystery ' originally appeared as the plural Greek Mystêria , and developed into the Latin mysterium where the English term originates .
The etymology of the Greek mystêrion is not entirely clear though scholars have traditionally thought it to have derived from the Greek myo , meaning " to close or shut " ( chiefly referring to shutting the eyes , hence , one who shuts their eyes and is initiated into the mysteries ) .
More recently , a number of Hittite scholars have suggested that the Greek term derives from the Hittite verb munnae , " to conceal , to hide , to shut out of sight " .
Characteristics [ edit ]
Mystery religions formed one of three types of Hellenistic religion , the others being the imperial cult , or the ethnic religion particular to a nation or state , and the philosophic religions such as Neoplatonism .
This is also reflected in the tripartite division of " theology " — by Varro — into civil theology ( concerning the state religion and its stabilizing effect on society ) , natural theology ( philosophical speculation about the nature of the divine ) , and mythical theology ( concerning myth and ritual ) .
Mysteries thus supplement rather than compete with civil religion .
An individual could easily observe the rites of the state religion , be an initiate in one or more mysteries , and at the same time adhere to a certain philosophical school .
Many of the aspects of public religion such as sacrifices , ritual meals , and ritual purification were repeated within the mystery , but with the additional requirement that they take place in secrecy and be confined to a closed set of initiates .
The mystery schools offered a niche for the preservation of ancient religious ritual .
Though historians have given up trying to outline a rigid definition to categorize all mystery cults , a number of characteristics that the mystery cults shared can be outlined .
All the mystery cults placed emphasis on the secrecy of their practices and an emotional initiation ritual for a new member to join the group .
The members were voluntary participants , had nocturnal settings and preliminary purifications for their gatherings , there was an obligation to pay in order to participate , promised rewards for this life and the next , and the older mysteries were located at a variable distance from the nearest city .
Furthermore , they were all , with the exception of the Mithraic cult , open to all people , including men and women , slaves and freeman , the young and old , etc .
However , the expenses required to participate in all the rituals often precluded many from joining .
And though the mysteries were secret , they were not very mysterious .
For this reason , what glimpses we do have of the older Greek mysteries have been understood as reflecting certain archaic aspects of common Indo - European religion , with parallels in Indo - Iranian religion .
The mystery schools of Greco - Roman antiquity include the Eleusinian Mysteries , the Dionysian Mysteries , and the Orphic Mysteries .
Some of the many divinities that the Romans nominally adopted from other cultures also came to be worshipped in Mysteries , for instance , Egyptian Isis , Persian Mithras from the Mithraic Mysteries , Thracian / Phrygian Sabazius , and Phrygian Cybele .
Eleusinian Mysteries [ edit ]
The Eleusinian Mysteries were the earliest and most famous of the mystery cults and lasted for over a millennium .
Whenever they first originated , by the end of the 5th century BC , they had been heavily influenced by Orphism , and in Late Antiquity , they had become allegorized .
Initiation [ edit ]
In the 15th of the month of Boedromion ( September / October ) in the Attic calendar , as many as 3,000 potential initiates would have gathered in the agora of Athens , the gathering limited to those that spoke Greek and had never killed ( as the emphasis on purity grew , this ban would include those who had " impure " souls ) .
Like other large festivals such as the Diasia and Thesmophoria , the prospective initiates would bring their own sacrificial animals and hear the festivals proclamation as it began .
The next day , they would have gone to the sea and purified themselves and the animals .
Three days of rest would pass until the 19th , the agora was once more filled with the initiates at the procession at the sanctuary of Demeter and her daughter Persephone .
Two Eleusinian priestesses were at the front of the procession followed by many Greeks holding special items in preparation for the rest of the ceremony , and the procession would leave the city on an hours - long 15 - mile journey constantly interrupted by celebration , dances , etc , to the city of Eleusis .
The initiates would carry torches on the way to the city .
Once the city was reached , the pilgrims would dance into the sanctuary .
The next day would begin with sacrifices , and at sunset , the initiates would go to a building called the telestêrion where the actual initiations would commence .
The initiates washed themselves to be pure and everyone sat in silence surrounded by the smell of extinguished torches .
The initiation may have taken place over two nights .
If so , the first night may have concerned the myths of the kidnapping of Persephone by Hades in the Homeric Hymn to Demeter ( where Persephone is kidnapped and her mother , Demeter , searches the earth for her , and once her daughter was returned , Demeter promised prosperity in this life and the next ) and ended with Persephone 's return and the guarantee of fertility , whereas the second night concerned the epopteia ( the higher degree of the Mysteries ) which was a performance that included singing , dancing , potentially the showing of a phallus , a terrifying experience for the audience by the skilled Eleusinian clergy , and the climax of the event which must have included displaying a statue of Demeter and showing of an ear of wheat and a " birth " of agricultural wealth .
Hence , these mysteries had associations with fertility and agriculture .
In an attempt to solve the mystery of how so many people over the span of two millennia could have consistently experienced revelatory states during the culminating ceremony of the Eleusinian Mysteries , numerous scholars have proposed that the power of the Eleusinian Mysteries came from the kykeon 's functioning as an entheogen . [ 8 ]
Aftermath [ edit ]
The day of the completion of the initiation was called the Plemochoai ( after a type of vessel used to conclude a libation ) , and the new members could now wear a myrtle wreath like the priests .
Eventually , the initiates would leave and utter the phrases paks or konks , which referenced the proclamation of a conclusion of an event .
The clothing worn by the new members during their journey were used as lucky blankets for children or perhaps were given to their sanctuary .
Samothracian Mysteries [ edit ]
The second most famous Mysteries were those on the island of Samothrace and promised safety to sailors from the perils of the sea , and most participants would come to be initiated from the neighboring regions .
While the information here is even more scarce than that available with the Eleusinian Mysteries ( and more late , dating to the Hellenistic and Roman periods ) , it 's known that the Samothracian Mysteries significantly borrowed from the ones at Eleusis ( including the word ' Mysteries ' ) , furthermore , archaeological and linguistic data continues elucidating more of what happened at Samothrace .
These rituals were also associated with others on neighboring island such as the mysteries of the deities of Cabeiri .
Philip II of Macedon and his later wife Olympias were said to have met during the initiation ceremony at Samothrace . [ 9 ]
Heracles , Jason , Cadmus , Orpheus and the Dioscuri were all said to have been initiated here .
The deities at Samothrace tended to be anonymously identified , being referred to as the " Samothracian gods " , " gods of Samothrace " , " Great Gods " , etc .
This makes it difficult to reconstruct who they were , though they were often compared to the Cabeiri .
Initiation [ edit ]
Unlike at Eleusis , initiation at Samothrace was not restricted to a narrow few days of the year and lasted from April to November ( the sailing season ) with a large event likely taking place in June but may have taken place over two nights .
Like in Samothrace , the future initiates would enter the sanctuary of Samothrace from the east where they would have entered into a 9 - meter in diameter circular space with flagstones and a grandstand of five steps now called the Theatral Circle .
Livy records that here , the initiates would listen to a proclamation concerning the absence of crime and bloodshed .
Near the beginning of the rituals , like at Eleusis , sacrifices and libations were likely made , where the prospective animal for the sacrifice would have been a ram .
The initiates would have moved to a building where the actual initiation took place at night with torches , though archaeologists are unsure of which building it was considering the abundance of possibilities including the Hall of Choral Dancers , the Hieron , the Anaktoron and the Rotunda of Arsinoe II .
In the 3rd century , Hippolytus of Rome in his Refutation of All Heresies quotes a Gnostic author who provides a summary of some of the images here ;
There stand two statues of naked men in the Anaktoron of the Samothracians , with both hands stretched up toward heaven and their pudenda turned up , just as the statue of Hermes at Kyllene .
The aforesaid statues are images of the primal man and of the regenerated , spiritual man who is in every respect consubstantial with that man .
The scarcity of information precludes understanding what went on during the initiation , though there may have been dancing such as at Eleusis associated with the mythology of the search for Harmonia .
At the end of the initiation , the initiates were given a purple fillet .
There was also a second night of initiation , the epopteia where the " usual preliminary lustration rites and sacrifices " took place though not much else can be known besides that it may have been similar to the epopteia at Eleusis and would have climaxed with the showing of a great light .
Aftermath [ edit ]
The initiation of the first night was concluded by banqueting together and many dining rooms have been uncovered by archaeologists in association with the cult at Samothrace .
The bowls used for the libation were also left behind , revealed by the thousands of discovered libation bowls at the cult sites .
The participants occasionally left behind other materials , such as lamps .
In addition to the purple fillet , they also left with a ' Samothracian ring ' ( magnetic iron ring coated in gold ) and some initiates would set up a record of their initiation in the stoa of the sanctuary .
The initiation of the second night was also concluded by a banquet .
Other mystery schools [ edit ]
Cult of Despoina– An Arcadian cult worshipping a goddess who was believed to be the daughter of Poseidon and Demeter .
Cult of Attis– A Greek cult that was not followed in Rome until its early days as an empire .
It followed the Story of Attis , a godlike figure who was eventually killed by a boar sent by Zeus .
Cults of Cybele– A number of cults following Cybele , or Magna Mater , were present in Greece , Anatolia , and Rome .
This cult followed Cybele , which was an Anatolian " mother goddess " .
However , after it became present in Rome , the Romans reinvented Cybele as a Trojan goddess .
In Rome , the cults of Cybele were often restricted and gained few members because of strictures against castration , which was considered a ritual necessary for initiation .
This was later replaced with animal sacrifice , but numbers were still limited .
Mysteries of Isis–
This was a rather present and more well - known cult .
While most of the mystery cults revolved around Hellenistic culture and religion , the cults of Isis worshipped the Egyptian goddess of wisdom and magic .
It emerged during the Hellenistic Era ( 323 BCE through 30 CE ) .
Jupiter Dolichenus
Cult of Trophonius– A Hellenistic cult surrounding a minor god / hero .
A number of people went to his temples to receive and oracle .
Dionysian Mysteries–
This was a small cult with unknown origins .
It is believed to have pre-dated Greece and possibly originated from Crete or North Africa .
Its rituals were based on a theme of seasonal life and rebirth .
Mithraic Mysteries–
One of the more famous Greco - Roman mystery cults .
They follow the story of the god -hero Mithras .
One of their more distinct features would be the underground structures in which they worshipped , all of which had a mural or sculpture of Mithras killing a sacred bull at the entrance .
Orphism–
Another of the more famous mystery cults , this cult followed the story of Orpheus , a mythical poet who descended to the underworld and back .
A number of the mythology associated with Orpheus is also relating to Dionysis , as mentioned above .
Cult of Sabazios–
This cult worshipped a nomadic horseman god called Sabazios .
He was a Thracian / Phrygian god , but the Greeks and Romans interpreted him as a mixture of Zeus / Jupiter and Dionysus .
Cult of Serapis– A cult following the Greco - Egyptian god Serapis .
He and his cult gained a decent amount of popularity in Rome , causing him to replace Osiris as the consort of Isis outside of Egypt .
He was worshipped in processions and sanctuaries .
Influence on Early Christianity [ edit ]
Modern scholars reject simplistic notions of dependence of Christianity on the mystery religions . [ 11 ]
Towards the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th century , it was becoming more popular in German scholarship to connect the origins of Christianity with heavy influence from the mystery cults , if not labeling Christianity itself as a mystery cult .
This trend was partly the result of the increasing growth of critical historical analysis of Christianity 's history , as exemplified by David Strauss 's Das Leben Jesu ( 1835 - 6 ) and the secularizing trend among scholars that sought to derive Christianity from its pagan surroundings .
Scholars , for example , began attempting to derive Paul 's theology from a Mithraic mystery cult in Tarsus , even though no mystery cult existed there nor did a Mithraic mystery cult exist before the end of the 1st century . [ 12 ]
The attitudes of scholars began to change as Egyptology continued emerging as a discipline and a seminal article published by Arthur Nock in 1952 that noted the near absence of mystery terminology in the New Testament . [ 13 ]
While some have tried to tie the origins of rites in Christianity such as baptism and the Eucharist to mystery religions , it has been demonstrated that the origins of baptism rather lie in Jewish purificatory ritual and that cult meals were so widespread in the ancient world that attempting to demonstrate their origins from any one source is arbitrary .
Searches for Christianity deriving content from mystery religions has also been unsuccessful ; many of them ( such as the mysteries of Eleusis and Samothrace ) had no content but rather limited themselves to showing objects in initiation .
The studies of modern scholarship reveal that while Christianity was not a mystery religion , it was compared to them by various opponents of the early religion , such as Lucian [ 15 ] and Celsus . [ 16 ]
Most early Christians , including Justin Martyr , launched attacks against the mysteries .
Justin also compared Christianity to pagan religions , however scholars have criticized Justin for the shallowness of his comparisons .
On the other hand , once Constantine became emperor of the Roman Empire and legalized the Christian religion , Christians lost their fear of pagan persecution and some concepts from the mystery religions , for the first time , became mainstream in Christian thought .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Crystal , David , ed. ( 1995 ) , " Mystery Religions " , Cambridge Encyclopedia of The English Language , Cambridge : Cambridge UP . ^
Because of this element of secrecy , we are ill - informed as to the beliefs and practices of the various mystery faiths .
We know that they had a general likeness to one another .
— Ernest William Barnes ,
The rise of Christianity ( 1947 , 50 – 51 ) ^ Webster , P. ( April 1999 ) .
" The Road to Eleusis : Unveiling the Secret of the Mysteries .
Twentieth Anniversary Edition , by R. Gordon Wasson , Albert Hofmann , Carl A.P. Ruck , Hermes Press , 1998 .
( Originally published by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich in 1978 ) .
ISBN 0-915148-20 -X " .
International Journal of Drug Policy . 10 ( 2 ) : 157–166 . doi:10.1016/s0955-3959(99) 00012-2. ISSN 0955 -3959 . ^ W. Greenwalt , ‘ Philip II and Olympias on Samothrace : A Clue to Macedonian Politics during the 360s ’ , in T. Howe and J. Reames ( eds ) , Macedonian Legacies ( Claremont , 2008 ) 79–106 ^ ( ed. )
Patte , Daniel .
The Cambridge Dictionary of Christianity .
Cambridge University Press , 2010 , 848-849 . ^ Lease , Gary .
" Mithraism and Christianity : borrowings and transformations . "
Aufstieg und Niedergang der römischen Welt 2 ( 1980 ) : 1306 - 1322 ^ A.D. Nock , Essays on Religion and the Ancient World , 2 vols ( Oxford , 1972 ) 2.791–820 ^ Peregrinus 11 ^ Against Celsus 6.24 ; see also 3.59
Bibliography [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Alvar , Jaime .
Romanising Oriental Gods : Myth , Salvation , and Ethics in the Cults of Cybele , Isis , and Mithras ( Leiden , 2008 ) .
( Leiden , 2008 ) .
Aneziri , Sophia .
Die Vereine der Dionysischen Techniten im Kontext der hellenistischen Gesellschaft ( Stuttgart , 2003 ) .
( Stuttgart , 2003 ) .
Bowden , Hugh .
Mystery Cults of the Ancient World ( Princeton , Princeton UP , 2010 ) .
( Princeton , Princeton UP , 2010 ) .
Bremmer , Jan N. Initiation into the Mysteries of the Ancient World ( Berlin , 2014 ) .
( Berlin , 2014 ) .
Burkert , Walter ( 1987 ) , Ancient Mystery Cults , Cambridge , Massachusetts
Casadio , Giovanni Casadio and Johnston , Patricia A. ( eds ) , Mystic Cults in Magna Graecia ( Austin , TX , University of Texas Press , 2009 ) .
The health secretary has unveiled a radical pro-market agenda for the NHS that would permit hospitals to leave public ownership to become " not for profit " companies , hand more consumer powers to patients and allow failing medical centres to go bust .
Andrew Lansley 's white paper , which sparked anger from unions and some doctors , could , in the words of one analyst , herald the " denationalisation of healthcare services in England " .
The plans could represent the biggest shakeup of the NHS in a generation , with a whole tier of the NHS decapitated : 10 strategic health authorities would be abolished by 2012 and the 150 primary care trusts scrapped by 2013 ; up to 30,000 managers face being cut or redeployed .
Lansley warned that NHS job losses were " inevitable " but said it was vital to switch cash from bureaucracy into frontline services .
" The sick must not pay for the debt crisis left by the previous administration .
But the NHS is a priority for reform too .
Investment has not been matched by reform .
So we will reform the NHS to use those resources more effectively for the benefit of patients . "
At the heart of the blueprint are family doctors , who will take over the purchase of care and be overseen by an independent commissioning board and a new economic regulator .
England 's 35,000 GPs will be handed £ 80bn of taxpayers ' money and be forced to form consortiums by 2013 – there will be no opportunity to opt out of the new system .
These 500 consortiums will commission treatment from hospitals on behalf of patients .
At present , the NHS works via primary care trusts and the Department of Health determines each trust 's spending priorities , which involves managing GPs ' surgeries .
The ambition is for GPs , who are , in effect , private businesses with a contract to provide services to the NHS , to help patients choose which hospital to use on the basis of detailed success rates , down to the level of individual surgeons .
Lansley 's plan puts the coalition on a collision course with the medical unions and hospital staff at a time when the NHS must find £ 20 bn of savings .
Dr Hamish Meldrum , chairman of BMA council , said : " Any reorganisation of the NHS must take place in consultation with clinicians so that it does not cause any disruption to patient services or needlessly waste the valuable time of healthcare professionals . "
The " privatisation " of the NHS has caused much dissent in the medical community .
Laurence Buckman , of the BMA 's general practice committee , also raised concerns that sections of the white paper suggest the government " would be happy for the private sector to turn up " and be involved in healthcare .
He said : " The BMA position on this is that we would not be happy [ for private sector involvement ] .
We do n't think it is necessary . "
Lansley 's analysis is that the NHS has suffered from a lack of competition and choice – and that the improvements over the last decade , such as major reductions in waiting times , have been driven largely by bureaucratic targets and tens of billions of pounds of extra spending .
So market forces will be introduced for hospitals .
By 2014 every hospital will be a foundation trust and all will be allowed to leave public ownership while still providing public services .
This would mean they could borrow " off balance sheet " – fulfilling Tony Blair 's original vision of the bodies being outside Treasury control .
They will be given the choice to become mutuals , adopting a John Lewis - style model where a medical centre would be owned by the staff .
Such moves would be fiercely resisted by trade unions as new employees could be shut out of the NHS pension scheme and the plan would introduce variable pay schemes across the NHS .
David Nicholson , the NHS chief executive , warned that he wanted talks with the unions over NHS " pay and redundancy " terms .
At present NHS workers can receive two years ' salary if made redundant and all NHS staff earning more than £ 21,000 face a two - year pay freeze .
Karen Jennings , Unison head of health , said the white paper was " a recipe for more privatisation " .
" NHS staff will feel badly let down by plans to undermine national pay bargaining .
In a race to do this , the government wants employers to lead negotiations on new contracts resulting in a two - tier workforce within trusts and anomalies across the NHS . "
Hospitals would also be able to cater for private patients , with the lifting of the arbitrary cap on the amount of income foundation trusts can raise from " other sources " .
Lansley cited the Royal Marsden , a world - famous specialist cancer treatment hospital in London , as a trailblazer .
" It is no coincidence that 25 % of their income is private and that helps support the quality of service , research and innovation , " he said .
Charities and the private sector will be encouraged to challenge the public sector by making it easier for them to sell services to the NHS .
There will be no " bailouts " for hospitals who overspend and go bust – raising the spectre of bankruptcy across the health sector .
Alan Maynard , professor of health economics at the University of York , said : " You are certainly using the private sector in a much larger way than has been contemplated for decades … But whether it can work , well the proof of the pudding would be in the eating . "
Although Lansley denied there would be an overhaul of the Food Standards Agency , the health watchdog which had lost a running battle with industry over a controversial " traffic light " labelling scheme , the Department of Health later confirmed its dismemberment was being considered .
" As part of our wider drive to increase the accountability of public bodies and reduce their number and cost we will also consider where some of the other functions of the FSA should best sit to ensure they are delivered most effectively , " it said .
It ’s not everyday you see a giant ostrich come along and knock a girl off her pony .
While legislation banning all mind - altering drugs is just days away from becoming law , manufacturers of head shop products are still busily churning out new drugs .
With rumblings in Garda circles that the Criminal Justice ( Psychoactive Substances )
Bill 2010 may not be straightforward to implement , it is not clear when , and to what extent , the law will be enforced .
Ministers have already predicted wealthy head shops owners will challenge the law in the courts , possibly hampering implementation even more .
Garda sources say many of the head shops that have remained open after the ban – 44 out of an original 102 shops – are adopting a " wait and see " approach .
The trade could , they suggest , shift online , with some sites , including ones based in Dublin , offering a delivery service .
In the meantime , new chemicals continue to reach the cabinets of head shops here , replacing the popular products banned on May 11 .
Researchers at the Department of Pharmacology at Trinity College Dublin have been working literally around the clock over the last three months in the painstaking task of identifying what exactly is being sold in head shops .
" We have basically condensed a year ’s research work into a couple of months , " said Dr Pierce Kavanagh , research leader .
As well as identifying the drugs available pre-ban , they have , since the ban , identified some 13 new chemicals , which were not on sale before May 11 .
" They are new in that they are new to us , as we are constantly extending our analytical portfolio and as time progresses the range of compounds that we look for is increasing , " said Dr Pierce .
The 13 chemicals were found in 38 packets , with often the same substances sold in different packets .
The drugs often contain a number of different chemicals .
These 13 chemicals include :
n Naphyrone – a stimulant replacing mephedrone , found in packets Mind Melt , Pure NRG and Enchanted .
n Fluorotropacocaine – a cocaine substitute , found in Star Dust and Whack .
n Dimethocaine – a local anaesthetic / stimulant , found in Mind Melt , Amplified , Mint Mania .
n Synephrine – a stimulant like ephedrine , found in Energy , Go-E , Empathy , Bio Happiness , Diablo , Storm , Exotic and Molotov .
Other new chemicals are levodpa , glaucine , ethcathinone , iso - ethcathinone , 5 - hydroxtrytophan , desoxypipradrol , am - 694 , dimethylcathinone and mitragynine .
They also identified four chemicals , on sale before the ban and still being sold .
They were not listed in the ban .
They include dimethylamylamine ( DMAA ) and 2 - Phenylethylamine , two chemicals , which between them , were found in more than half of the 38 packets .
Dr Kavanagh said they were also monitoring websites offering what they call " research chemicals " for sale .
" We have observed that MDAT , MDAI , 5 - IAI and especially 6 - APB ( Benzo Fury ) are becoming quite popular . "
However , the actual availability of Benzo Fury from such websites is unclear and some state the " official launch date " is the beginning of August .
He said their analysis had thrown up a large number of mysterious or " unknown " substances .
" A number of products we ’re seeing now we have n’t see before – nor have other any laboratories – so , we ’re left with what we call unknowns , " he said .
" These unknowns could be deliberately incorporated active materials – manufactured in laboratories – or , in some cases , significant impurities introduced during the manufacture of these products .
" Whatever we may know about the active ingredients – the naphyrones , ethcathinones and so on , albeit in most cases anecdotally – we simply know nothing about the impurities and this is of great concern . "
He said a product that was 99 % pure naphyrone and 1 % impurity could pose major risks : " That 1 % impurity could be 1,000 times more potent than the parent molecule .
It could be very , very , toxic . "
The research details have been posted on www.drugs.ie, a website run by Crosscare , attached to the Dublin Catholic Diocese , and funded by the HSE .
Source : Cormac O'Keefe , The Irish Examiner , 26/07/2010
It seems that Marvel may need to get their house in order as more images leak from their future movies .
Yesterday , Jon put up the first concept art images that we ’ve seen of Captain America .
Now Collider.com have had someone by the name of ‘ Dan ’ sending them in some high res images concept art of Chris Hemsworth as Thor .
We ’d previously seen one official image released ( see above ) but the angle which they gave us was pretty poor .
This new concept art gives us a much better idea of what the character of Thor might look like .
Thor also stars Natalie Portman , Anthony Hopkins , Ray Stevenson and is directed by Kenneth Branagh .
It ’s scheduled for release 5th May 2011 so still a while to wait … .
Collider have analysed the image so rather than me do the same , head over there for the full rundown or scroll down to see the images .
In 1973 , Jack McCann escaped from a federal prison in British Columbia .
Of all the places he could go , he headed straight to the Vancouver Sun .
The reason ?
Jack McCann had been held in solitary confinement for 754 days at that point .
He sought to publicize his case and the circumstances faced by others in solitary confinement in the federal penitentiary system in Canada .
The end result of his efforts , two years later , was a landmark case argued in front of the Federal Court of Canada .
The plaintiffs , including Jack McCann , won an admission by Justice D.V.
Heald that solitary confinement , as it had been used in these cases , constituted " cruel and unusual punishment . "
Unfortunately , solitary confinement is still used in federal prisons today , often as a stop - gap to deal with mentally ill offenders .
This practice harms the individuals involved , and also highlights a fundamental flaw in our conceptions of , and solutions to , crime and punishment in this country .
It must be said that the use of solitary confinement today is somewhat different than in 1975 .
The conditions in the cell itself have improved , and the use of administrative segregation is subject to greater oversight , stopping short of independent adjudication .
The amount of continuous time an offender can be placed in administrative segregation has been reduced .
Today , a person is generally placed in administrative segregation for less than 90 days at a time .
However , currently about 34 per cent of those involuntarily placed in segregation remain there for longer than 90 days .
Equally important , an offender can be put in segregation multiple times , almost back to back .
The harmful effect of solitary confinement on mental health is widely known .
This has been acknowledged by the United Nations , in the Istanbul Statement , and even by the Correctional Service of Canada 's own taskforce .
It has been made clear , by the UN and others , that depending on the circumstances , the use of solitary confinement can violate international agreements against the use of torture .
These groups especially warn against the use of solitary confinement on children under age 18 , or those with mental illness .
And yet , solitary confinement is still regularly used in federal prisons in Canada .
Even more shocking , a large portion of those put into administrative segregation , as it's now called , are experiencing mental illness .
According to Howard Sapers , the Correctional Investigator for the Federal Prison System , the number of offenders in the federal prison system dealing with mental illness has doubled in the past decade .
Today , in Canada , what we are seeing , institutionally , is the use of administrative segregation as a stop - gap to manage offenders with mental illness .
After the push in the 1980s and 1990s to de-institutionalize mental healthcare , community - based mental health services were not adequately increased to handle the load .
As a result , we have seen increasing numbers of homeless persons with mental health concerns and a dramatic increase in persons with mental illness in our penitentiary system .
Worryingly , as the number of prisoners with mental health concerns has grown , the capacity of mental health services in prisons has n't changed .
The need for mental health services is extremely high .
Currently , at admission , 10 - 12 per cent of offenders have already been diagnosed with a major mood or psychotic disorder .
When we look at undiagnosed mental illness , substance abuse or concurrent disorders -- meaning people who are dealing with both substance abuse and mental illness , according to Sapers , " we could be talking about 70 - 80 per cent of the [ prison ] population " .
In the face of this great need , the shortage of mental health services is acute .
As Sapers puts it , " We have five regional psychiatric hospitals , in fact , but we have on any given day more than twice that number of offenders who are in an acute phase of their illness , who could benefit therapeutically from being in one of those beds . "
Many offenders never get past an initial assessment , as there is n't enough capacity to provide continuing care .
Without proper care , the combination of mental illness and incarceration can be devastating .
Recently , we have seen a serious increase in self harm , suicides and deaths in the federal prisons .
In 2009 alone , according to Mr. Sapers , the number of non-natural deaths while in custody increased by 70 per cent .
More often , offenders with mental health concerns end up in administrative segregation .
Often , the chain of events is devastatingly simple .
A not atypical story was the 2007 case of Ashley Smith .
Ms. Smith was a Ontario teenager who committed suicide while in administrative segregation .
She had spent a year in federal custody without ever receiving a comprehensive psychological assessment , despite a documented history of mental health concerns .
( Her initial crime had been throwing apples at a mailman ) .
While in custody she presented , or was considered to present , continuing disciplinary problems .
This resulted in escalating sentences and administrative segregation .
With a shortage of staff trained to identify and manage mental health related concerns , these types of behaviors are often classified simply as disciplinary concerns , resulting in further punishment .
When we get down to the crux of this issue with mental health and segregation , the problem begins with how we -- as a society -- conceptualize crime and punishment .
Many times , we view criminals as singular , rational actors .
We ignore the personal and social context of their actions .
How can we reduce crime , when we do n't consider the causes of it ?
How can we punish a behavior , if we do n't understand where it 's coming from ?
People who commit crimes often are coming from a context of drug abuse , poverty and / or mental illness .
According to Dr. Ivan Zinger , the Executive Director and General Counsel to the Correctional Investigator , " In terms of addiction issues , about four out of five offenders now arrive at a federal institution with a serious substance abuse problem , with one out of two having committed their crime under the influence of drugs , alcohol or other intoxicants . "
Considering the abuses done to First Nations communities , it is not surprising that they are highly over - represented -- as a group -- in prisons .
When we consider the context , we can see that fear and punishment are not effective deterrents to crime , as they do not address these underlying social concerns .
Punishment , as a concept , is a band - aid solution to a much deeper problem .
A better approach is rehabilitation -- as Sapers sees it , " The purpose of corrections is to prepare people for community release , for re-integration , to live safely within the community . "
We should spend our tax dollars on programs that actively work on rehabilitating offenders , addressing mental health and substance abuse , so that they wo n't re-offend upon release .
It can be difficult , with " hot - button " topics like crime , to take a step back and reflect on the issue from a dispassionate point of view .
Instead of working to service our grief and desires for revenge , we should shape our criminal justice system in a way that best services our need to have a safe and humane society , and the physical and mental health needs of offenders .
Currently , we face an acute need in our federal prison for mental health care .
Administrative segregation causes undue harm to offenders , especially those with mental illness , with no greater benefit or purpose .
As highlighted by the Correctional Investigator , mental health and the use of administrative segregation should be our top priority when it comes to prison reform .
Without improvement in this area , we harm not only the individuals in need , but also society , when we release these individuals without the benefit of additional care and treatment , at risk to offend again .
Carrie Baptist is the former news director for CiTR News , 101.9 FM in Vancouver .
She works as a social worker in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside .
© Dan Wasserman
If the Tea Party wants to protest socialism , they should start with all the corporate welfare handed out by our government .
Like federal subsidies to agribusiness and defense contractors , and local tax breaks to big businesses for “ creating jobs ” ( when it is small businesses that create jobs ) .
" For me a double - dip is another recession before we 've healed from this recession .
The probability of that kind of double - dip is more than 50 pc .
I actually expect it , " he said .
His prediction came despite the S&P / Case - Shiller index for May showing a 4.6 pc year - on - year increase in house prices in 20 major US conurbations .
URUGUAY 2- 3 NETHERLANDS , Cape Town , 06/07/10
Forlan 41 , M. Pereira 90+2 ; Van Bronckhorst 18 , Sneijder 70 , Robben 73
The Netherlands came through a stiff challenge from Uruguay to make UFWC history , and reach the World Cup Final for the first time since 1978 .
The game started on a tame note , as both sides began to get a feel for each other , with nobody eager to make the first mistake in one of the biggest games of the players ’ careers .
However that did n’t stop both sides from trying , with both sides having some half - hearted efforts but no major threat .
That was until Giovanni Van Bronckhorst got hold of the ball .
From an outrageous distance of over 40 yards , he took a sensational shot that aimed like an arrow into the top corner off the post , out of the reach of goalkeeper Fernando Muslera , in a goal that will surely be hailed as one of the best , if not the best , goals of the tournament .
The goal seemed to knock Uruguay off their feet as the Netherlands fought on for a second , but in the cruel game of football things are never that easy , as the momentum would soon swing in Uruguay ’s favour .
Following an accidental kick to the face of Demy De Zeeuw from Martin Caceres ( an incident which led to a booking for Caceres , and for Wesley Sneijder for his reaction to the foul ) , it was Uruguay who were in the supremacy , and ultimately it was Diego Forlan who took advantage .
After finding some room just inside the Netherlands ’ third of the pitch , he aimed the ball towards Maarten Stekelenburg ’s goal , and even though the ball travelled down the centre of the goal the goalkeeper failed to get a firm hand behind it as Uruguay went into the interval in high spirits , and truly believing that they could reach the final .
Unfortunately , despite this , the second half , like the first , failed to impress in the opening exchanges , as the teams seemed too afraid of losing to actually try to win , and for a long time it seemed that a penalty shootout could be looming .
But thankfully for the neutrals , things were about to get a lot more exciting .
After a good spell of Dutch possession , the ball eventually fell to Sneijder in the corner of the box .
His shot on goal deflected off a Uruguayan defender and into the corner of the goal to restore a one - goal lead for the Dutch .
However there was a hint of luck about the goal as Robin Van Persie , in an offside position , stuck his foot out to kick the ball en route , and even though he did n’t touch it the ball the linesman could easily have decided he was interfering with play and ruled the goal out .
There is a saying that every World Cup winners gets a bit of luck along the way , could this have been it for the Netherlands ?
And things got even better for the Dutch just three minutes later , when a cross from Dirk Kuyt found the head of Arjen Robben , who headed into the bottom corner , away from Muslera ; their third goal of the match to go in off the post .
And Robben could easily have got a second , only for the goalkeeper to block the one - on - one shot .
But despite being in the dominant position , the Netherlands finished the match with their backs against the ropes thanks to a late goal for Uruguay .
A free kick outside the box was passed to Maxi Pereira , whose well - placed was fired out of Stekelenburg and into the corner , as the Dutch finished the game desperately defending their lead , but they held firm to book their place in the World Cup Final .
The result also “ officially ” makes this reign the best in UFWC history , having defended the title 21 times since claiming the trophy in November 2008 .
In preparation for the World Cup Final we will not only preview the match following the conclusion of the Germany - Spain match , but we wil look at where the match wil fit into UFWC history , looking at previous World Cups and matches , and more , so stay tuned .
Integrity
Integrity / Scrutiny comparison of features
This chart only gives a broad outline of main features .
Integrity Integrity Plus Integrity Pro Scrutiny Service Price ( after free trial period ) FREE $ 15 $ 45 $ 115 from $ 5 pm Lose - nothing upgrade → → → Native MacOS ( not Java , not iOS app running under Catalyst ) ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Link checking ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Checking linked files and urls within style sheets ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
Export your data ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Search / filter your data ✓ ✓ ✓
Full site search ✓
Sitemap ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Manage multiple sites ✓ ✓ ✓ SEO checks ✓ ✓ ✓ Spell checking ✓ ✓ Grammar checking ✓
Archiving * ✓ ✓ ✓ Crawl with javascript rendering ✓ ✓ ✓ Handle cookies ✓ ✓
Help with migration to secure ( https : // ) site ** ✓ Presentable and customisable reports , optional web access ✓ ✓ Website monitoring ✓ Orphaned pages ✓ Authentication ( sites that require login ) ✓
Check links within pdfs ✓ ✓ Schedule regular scans ✓ ✓
Page load speed test *** ✓ Multiple windows ( simultaneous scans etc ) ✓
Autosave data ✓ test / report form actions ✓
* The free Integrity can archive pages but it does little more than dump the html of each page it parses .
The paid apps have an option to process those files , re-creating the directory structure and making the files easier to view and browse .
If more thorough archiving is your goal , see Watchman .
** When you scan an https :// site , Scrutiny will report links to your http pages , and also report pages which have ' mixed content ' or insecure content , ie style sheets , js files , images which are http ://
*** As from version 8 , all apps will report the response time and file size of all urls checked .
The page load speed test in Scrutiny loads a page and reports the load time of all of its elements , thus finding bottlenecks .
Rio De Janeiro , Brazil ( CNN ) -- Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva met Tuesday with his emergency Cabinet as flooding in two northeastern states killed at least 42 people and left more than 115,000 homeless or displaced , the Agencia Brasil state news agency and civil defense officials reported .
In Pernambuco state , 53 cities have declared a state of emergency , the nation 's civil defense agency said .
Thirteen people are dead and more than 42,000 are homeless there , the agency said .
In Alagoas state , 22 cities have declared an emergency .
At least 29 people are dead , officials said .
More than 73,000 residents are homeless or displaced , the national civil defense said .
More than 600 people have been reported missing in Alagoas .
Defense Minister Nelson Jobim traveled to Alagoas and Pernambuco to see the emergency measures that have been taken , Agencia Brasil said .
Those measures include the construction of field hospitals .
Aid workers will provide shelters , food water and power , while health officials will offer medicine and treatment at hospitals .
Pernambuco Governor Eduardo Campos -- who flew over the affected areas Monday -- described the situation as " heart - breaking . "
" What we have seen since Friday is more than a horror film , " Campos said in a statement .
Alagoas Governor Teotonio Vilela Filho traveled through several affected areas Monday to try to reassure residents .
" I ask you all to remain calm because we are all invested in helping you , " he said .
Both governors also met with Lula , who promised to facilitate emergency funds to help victims .
Alagoas weather officials forecast more rain for Tuesday .
Brazil 's Center for Climatic Studies predicted rain above average in the northeast for autumn , which has come to an end .
Brazil 's winter officially began June 21 .
CNN 's Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .
YEREVAN ( Reuters ) - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Sunday it was a U.S. priority to help Armenia and Azerbaijan settle the Nagorno - Karabakh conflict and urged them to refrain from violence over the separatist region .
Visiting the two countries on the same day , Clinton delivered identical messages : Washington will do its part to help end the dispute , violence serves no one and a resolution would bring prosperity and stability to the Caucasus .
A tiny mountain region mainly populated by Christian Armenians , Nagorno - Karabakh seceded from Muslim Azerbaijan and proclaimed independence after an early 1990s war that killed some 30,000 .
Its independence is not recognized by any nation .
Azerbaijan wants Nagorno - Karabakh back , if necessary by force .
More than 15 years of mediation have failed to produce a final peace deal and the threat of war is never far away .
Last month , four ethnic Armenian troops and an Azeri soldier died in an exchange of fire near Nagorno - Karabakh .
“ The United States can not resolve the conflicts in this region but we can be a partner and a supporter and an advocate , ” Clinton said in Baku after meeting Azeri President Ilham Aliyev .
“ We stand ready to help in any way that we can . ”
Clinton said she believed there had been progress toward ending the dispute , though she did not provide details , and in both countries she acknowledged the difficulty of the task .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ We know this will not be easy but we think it is the necessary foundation for a secure and prosperous future , ” she told reporters in Yerevan after talks with Armenian President Serzh Sarksyan .
Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian said foreign ministers of the two countries might meet on July 16 in a follow up to talks between Aliyev and Sarksyan last month .
MENDING FENCES
Clinton ’s trip to the region , which has included stops in Ukraine and Poland and will end with a brief visit to Georgia on Monday , has multiple purposes .
In Azerbaijan , she pressed the authoritarian government on human rights while also seeking to mend fences with the strategic country , uneasy about some U.S. diplomatic moves and by perceived slights such as the absence of a U.S. ambassador in Baku for more than a year .
A U.S. - backed push for a rapprochement between Armenia and U.S. - ally Turkey has hurt U.S. relations with Azerbaijan , which worries that its interests will suffer as a result .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Strategically located between Russia and Iran , Azerbaijan has been a key supply route for U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
The region is also an important route for oil and gas supplies from the Caspian to Europe .
Clinton pressed Azerbaijan to show greater respect for civil liberties and said she had raised the case of two jailed opposition bloggers sentenced last year after a violent incident in a cafe .
The two say they were the victims of an unprovoked attack .
The incident happened soon after video blogger Adnan Hajizade posted his latest tongue - in - cheek swipe at the authorities in which he held a fake news conference dressed as a donkey .
In Armenia , she praised the government for its willingness to move toward normalization with Turkey and she urged Ankara to overcome its reluctance to reopen the border between the two countries , closed because of the Nagorno - Karabakh dispute .
“ We urge Turkey to take the steps that it promised to take and that both sides continue to try to find the opportunity to open the door to reconciliation and normalization , ” she said .
She called Armenia ’s readiness to pursue normal ties with Turkey “ very statesmanlike and very impressive . ”
“ Now , as they say in sports , the ball is in the other court , ” she added .
​ Ol ’ Di-Fei once again looks a lot like a LINO — Liberal In Name Only .
Los Angeles Times .
Feinstein , a prominent Democrat who was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1992 , has signed the ballot argument against Prop 19 .
On Monday , she made a statement through the opposition campaign calling the measure “ a jumbled legal nightmare that will make our highways , our workplaces and our communities less safe . ”
California ’s senior senator , Dianne Feinstein , has lent her voice and support to the effort to defeat Proposition 19 , the marijuana legalization measure on the state ’s November ballot , reports John Hoeffel at the
The opposition committee sought Feinstein ’s support , according to Public Safety First spokesman Roger Salazar .
“ She ’s one of the most respected figures in California , ” Salazar said .
“ She has a great history with law enforcement and dealing with this type of issue .
We ’re looking at a bipartisan effort . ”
It ’s not surprising that “ Di - Fei ” and other prominent statewide politicians oppose Prop 19 , according to Tax Cannabis 2010 spokesman Dale Sky Clare .
“ I ’m just not putting a lot of faith in politicians to lead , ” she said .
“ The voters have always led on this issue . ”
We have entered a momentous period in the history of the American press .
The invention of new communications technologies — especially the Internet — is transforming the human capacity to speak , perhaps as monumentally as the invention of the printing press in the 15th century .
This is facilitating the largest and fastest expansion of global economic growth in human history .
Free speech and a free press are essential to a dynamic economy .
At the same time , however , the financial viability of the U.S. press has been shaken to its core .
The proliferation of communications outlets has fractured the base of advertising and readers .
Newsrooms have shrunk dramatically and foreign bureaus have been decimated .
My best estimate is that there are presently only a few dozen full - time foreign correspondents from the U.S. covering all of China , despite the critical importance of that nation to our future .
Both the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Trade Commission are undertaking studies of ways to ensure the steep economic decline faced by newspapers and broadcast news does not deprive Americans of the essential information they need as citizens .
One idea under consideration is enhanced public funding for journalism .
American journalism is not just the product of the free market , but of a hybrid system of private enterprise and public support .
By the middle of the last century , daily newspapers were becoming natural monopolies in cities and communities across the country .
Publishers and editors drew on the revenue to develop highly specialized expertise that enhanced coverage of economics , law , architecture , medicine , science and technology , foreign affairs and many other fields .
Creating Order in the Euro Zone Merkel 's Rules for Bankruptcy
Fearing a lasting burden on taxpayers , the German government is preparing a set of insolvency rules for countries in the euro zone .
It would require private investors to bear some of the financial burden and force the affected countries to give up some sovereignty .
The plan is guaranteed to meet with resistance .
Tuyên ngôn Dimensional modeling
Dimensional modeling ( DM ) là tên của một kỹ thuật thiết kế logic thường được sử dụng cho các kho dữ liệu .
Nó khác và trái ngược với entity - relation modeling ( ER ) .
Bài viết này chỉ ra nhiều điểm khác biệt giữa hai kỹ thuật và vẽ một đường thẳng trên cát .
Dimensional modeling là kỹ thuật khả thi duy nhất cho cơ sở dữ liệu được thiết kế để hỗ trợ các truy vấn của người dùng cuối trong kho dữ liệu .
ER rất hữu ích cho việc thu thập giao dịch và các giai đoạn quản trị dữ liệu khi xây dựng một kho dữ liệu , nhưng nó nên được tránh để phân phối cho người dùng cuối .
entity - relation modeling là gì ?
ER là một kỹ thuật thiết kế logic tìm cách loại bỏ phần dư thừa trong dữ liệu .
Hãy tưởng tượng rằng chúng ta có một doanh nghiệp nhận đơn đặt hàng và bán sản phẩm cho khách hàng .
Trong những ngày đầu của máy tính ( rất lâu trước cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ ) khi chúng ta lần đầu tiên chuyển dữ liệu này sang máy tính , chúng ta có thể nắm bắt thứ tự giấy ban đầu như một bản ghi béo duy nhất với nhiều trường .
Một bản ghi như vậy có thể dễ dàng có 1.000 byte được phân phối trên 50 trường .
Các mục hàng của đơn đặt hàng có thể được biểu diễn dưới dạng một nhóm trường lặp lại được nhúng trong bản ghi chính .
Có dữ liệu này trên máy tính rất hữu ích , nhưng chúng tôi nhanh chóng học được một số bài học cơ bản về lưu trữ và thao tác với dữ liệu .
Một trong những bài học mà chúng tôi rút ra là dữ liệu ở dạng này rất khó để giữ nhất quán vì mỗi bản ghi đều đứng riêng .
Khách hàng ’ tên và địa chỉ của s xuất hiện nhiều lần , vì dữ liệu này được lặp lại bất cứ khi nào một đơn hàng mới được thực hiện .
Dữ liệu không nhất quán tràn lan vì tất cả các trường hợp của địa chỉ khách hàng đều độc lập và việc cập nhật địa chỉ của khách hàng là một giao dịch lộn xộn .
Ngay cả trong những ngày đầu tiên , chúng tôi đã học cách tách dữ liệu thừa thành các bảng riêng biệt , chẳng hạn như tổng thể về khách hàng và tổng thể về sản phẩm – nhưng chúng tôi đã phải trả giá .
Hệ thống phần mềm của chúng tôi để truy xuất và xử lý dữ liệu trở nên phức tạp và không hiệu quả vì chúng đòi hỏi sự chú ý cẩn thận đến các thuật toán xử lý để liên kết các tập hợp bảng này với nhau .
Chúng tôi cần một hệ thống cơ sở dữ liệu rất tốt trong việc liên kết các bảng .
Điều này đã mở đường cho cuộc cách mạng cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ , nơi cơ sở dữ liệu được dành riêng cho nhiệm vụ này .
Cuộc cách mạng cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ đã nở rộ vào giữa những năm 1980 .
Hầu hết chúng ta đã học được cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ là gì khi đọc cuốn sách hay của Chris Date về chủ đề này , Giới thiệu về Cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ ( Addison - Wesley ) , được xuất bản lần đầu vào đầu những năm 1980 .
Khi chúng tôi duyệt qua cuốn sách của Chris , chúng tôi đã tìm hiểu tất cả các ví dụ về cơ sở dữ liệu
Bộ phận , Nhà cung cấp và Thành phố của anh ấy .
Hầu hết chúng tôi đều không đặt ra câu hỏi liệu dữ liệu đã hoàn toàn “ chuẩn hóa ” hay bất kỳ bảng nào trong số các bảng có thể được “ phủ tuyết ” hay không và Chris đã không phát triển các chủ đề này .
Theo ý kiến ​​của tôi , Chris đang cố gắng giải thích các khái niệm cơ bản hơn về cách nghĩ về các bảng được nối với nhau một cách quan hệ .
Kỹ thuật mô hình ER là một kỹ thuật được sử dụng để làm sáng tỏ các mối quan hệ vi mô giữa các phần tử dữ liệu .
Hình thức nghệ thuật cao nhất của mô hình ER là loại bỏ tất cả phần dư thừa trong dữ liệu .
Điều này vô cùng có lợi cho việc xử lý giao dịch vì các giao dịch được thực hiện rất đơn giản và mang tính xác định .
Giao dịch cập nhật địa chỉ của khách hàng có thể chuyển sang một lần tra cứu bản ghi trong bảng chính địa chỉ khách hàng .
Việc tra cứu này được kiểm soát bởi khóa địa chỉ khách hàng , khóa này xác định tính duy nhất của bản ghi địa chỉ khách hàng và cho phép tra cứu được lập chỉ mục cực kỳ nhanh chóng .
Có thể nói rằng sự thành công của việc xử lý giao dịch trong cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ chủ yếu là do tính kỷ luật của mô hình ER .
Tuy nhiên , với lòng nhiệt thành để làm cho việc xử lý giao dịch hiệu quả , chúng tôi đã đánh mất mục tiêu ban đầu , quan trọng nhất của mình .
Chúng tôi đã tạo cơ sở dữ liệu không thể truy vấn !
Ngay cả ví dụ lấy thứ tự đơn giản của chúng tôi cũng tạo ra một cơ sở dữ liệu gồm hàng chục bảng được liên kết với nhau bằng một mạng nhện liên kết gây hoang mang .
( Xem Hình 1 , trang 60 . )
Tất cả chúng ta đều quen thuộc với biểu đồ lớn trên tường của phòng thiết kế cơ sở dữ liệu IS .
Mô hình ER cho doanh nghiệp có hàng trăm thực thể logic !
Các hệ thống cao cấp như SAP có hàng nghìn thực thể .
Mỗi thực thể này thường biến thành một bảng vật lý khi cơ sở dữ liệu được triển khai .
Tình huống này không chỉ là một sự khó chịu , nó còn là một sự phô trương :
Người dùng cuối không thể hiểu hoặc nhớ một mô hình ER .
Người dùng cuối không thể điều hướng mô hình ER .
Không có giao diện người dùng đồ họa ( GUI ) lấy mô hình ER chung và làm cho người dùng cuối có thể sử dụng được .
Phần mềm không thể truy vấn hữu ích một mô hình ER chung .
Các trình tối ưu hóa dựa trên chi phí cố gắng thực hiện điều này nổi tiếng là đưa ra các lựa chọn sai , với hậu quả tai hại cho hiệu suất .
Việc sử dụng kỹ thuật mô hình ER đánh bại sức hấp dẫn cơ bản của việc lưu trữ dữ liệu , cụ thể là truy xuất dữ liệu trực quan và hiệu suất cao .
Kể từ khi bắt đầu cuộc cách mạng cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ , các cửa hàng IS đã nhận thấy vấn đề này .
Nhiều người trong số họ đã cố gắng cung cấp dữ liệu cho người dùng cuối đã nhận ra rằng việc trình bày các lược đồ vô cùng phức tạp này cho người dùng cuối là không thể , và nhiều cửa hàng IS đã lùi lại để thử “ thiết kế đơn giản hơn ” .
Tôi thấy thật ấn tượng khi những thiết kế “ đơn giản hơn ” này trông rất giống nhau !
Hầu như tất cả các thiết kế đơn giản hơn này có thể được coi là “ chiều ” .
Theo một cách tự nhiên , gần như vô thức , hàng trăm nhà thiết kế IS đã quay trở lại gốc rễ của mô hình quan hệ ban đầu vì họ biết rằng cơ sở dữ liệu không thể được sử dụng trừ khi nó được đóng gói đơn giản .
Có lẽ chính xác khi nói rằng phương pháp tiếp cận theo chiều tự nhiên này không phải do bất kỳ người nào phát minh ra .
Đó là một sức mạnh không thể cưỡng lại trong việc thiết kế cơ sở dữ liệu sẽ luôn xuất hiện khi nhà thiết kế đặt sự hiểu biết và hiệu suất làm mục tiêu cao nhất .
Bây giờ chúng tôi đã sẵn sàng để xác định cách tiếp cận Dimensional modeling .
Dimensional modeling là gì ?
DM là một kỹ thuật thiết kế logic nhằm tìm cách trình bày dữ liệu trong một khuôn khổ tiêu chuẩn , trực quan cho phép truy cập hiệu suất cao .
Nó vốn có chiều , và nó tuân thủ kỷ luật sử dụng mô hình quan hệ với một số hạn chế quan trọng .
Mọi mô hình chiều đều bao gồm một bảng có khóa nhiều phần , được gọi là bảng dữ kiện và một tập hợp các bảng nhỏ hơn được gọi là bảng kích thước .
Mỗi bảng thứ nguyên có một khóa chính gồm một phần tương ứng chính xác với một trong các thành phần của khóa nhiều phần trong bảng dữ kiện .
( Xem Hình 2 . ) Cấu trúc “ giống sao ” đặc trưng này thường được gọi là nối sao .
Thuật ngữ nối sao có từ những ngày đầu tiên của cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ .
Bảng dữ kiện , bởi vì nó có khóa chính nhiều phần được tạo thành từ hai hoặc nhiều khóa ngoại , luôn thể hiện mối quan hệ nhiều - nhiều .
Các bảng dữ kiện hữu ích nhất cũng chứa một hoặc nhiều số đo hoặc “ dữ kiện ” , xảy ra cho tổ hợp các khóa xác định mỗi bản ghi .
Trong Hình 2 , các dữ kiện là Đô la đã bán , Đơn vị đã bán và Chi phí Đô la .
Các dữ kiện hữu ích nhất trong bảng dữ kiện là số và cộng .
Độ nhạy là rất quan trọng vì các ứng dụng kho dữ liệu hầu như không bao giờ truy xuất một bản ghi bảng dữ kiện nào ; thay vào đó , họ lấy lại hàng trăm , hàng nghìn hoặc thậm chí hàng triệu bản ghi này cùng một lúc và điều hữu ích duy nhất để làm với rất nhiều bản ghi là thêm chúng vào .
Ngược lại , bảng thứ nguyên thường chứa thông tin văn bản mô tả .
Thuộc tính thứ nguyên được sử dụng làm nguồn của hầu hết các ràng buộc thú vị trong các truy vấn kho dữ liệu và chúng hầu như luôn là nguồn của tiêu đề hàng trong bộ câu trả lời SQL .
Trong Hình 2 , chúng tôi hạn chế đối với các sản phẩm có hương vị Chanh thông qua thuộc tính Hương vị trong bảng
Sản phẩm và các chương trình khuyến mãi trên Radio thông qua thuộc tính Loại quảng cáo trong bảng Khuyến mại .
Rõ ràng là sức mạnh của cơ sở dữ liệu trong
Hình 2 tỷ lệ thuận với chất lượng và độ sâu của các bảng kích thước .
Điểm hấp dẫn của thiết kế cơ sở dữ liệu trong
Hình 2 là nó rất dễ nhận biết đối với người dùng cuối trong doanh nghiệp cụ thể .
Tôi đã quan sát hàng trăm trường hợp người dùng cuối đồng ý ngay lập tức rằng đây là “ công việc của họ . ”
Dimensional modeling so với entity - relation modeling
Rõ ràng , Hình 1 và Hình 2 trông khá khác nhau .
Nhiều nhà thiết kế phản ứng với điều này bằng cách nói , “ Phải có ít thông tin hơn trong liên kết ngôi sao ” hoặc “ Liên kết sao chỉ được sử dụng cho các bản tóm tắt cấp cao . ”
Cả hai câu này đều sai .
Chìa khóa để hiểu mối quan hệ giữa DM và ER là một sơ đồ ER đơn lẻ được chia thành nhiều sơ đồ DM .
Hãy nghĩ về một sơ đồ ER lớn đại diện cho mọi quy trình kinh doanh có thể có trong doanh nghiệp .
Sơ đồ ER chính có thể có Cuộc gọi bán hàng , Nhập đơn hàng , Hóa đơn gửi hàng , Thanh toán cho khách hàng và Trả lại sản phẩm , tất cả đều nằm trên cùng một sơ đồ .
Theo một cách nào đó , sơ đồ ER tự nó gây ra sự bất lợi bằng cách biểu diễn trên một sơ đồ nhiều quá trình không bao giờ cùng tồn tại trong một tập dữ liệu tại một thời điểm nhất quán duy nhất .
Không có gì ngạc nhiên khi biểu đồ ER quá phức tạp .
Do đó , bước đầu tiên trong việc chuyển đổi một sơ đồ ER thành một tập hợp các sơ đồ DM là tách sơ đồ ER thành các quy trình nghiệp vụ rời rạc của nó và lập mô hình từng quy trình riêng biệt .
Bước thứ hai là chọn các mối quan hệ nhiều - nhiều đó trong mô hình ER có chứa các dữ kiện không khóa dạng số và cộng và chỉ định chúng dưới dạng bảng dữ kiện .
Bước thứ ba là biến tất cả các bảng còn lại thành bảng phẳng với các khóa một phần kết nối trực tiếp với bảng dữ kiện .
Các bảng này trở thành bảng kích thước .
Trong trường hợp một bảng thứ nguyên kết nối với nhiều bảng dữ kiện , chúng tôi biểu diễn bảng thứ nguyên này trong cả hai lược đồ và chúng tôi gọi các bảng thứ nguyên là “ phù hợp ” giữa hai mô hình chiều .
Mô hình Dimensional modeling tổng thể thu được của một kho dữ liệu cho một doanh nghiệp lớn sẽ bao gồm khoảng từ 10 đến 25 lược đồ kết hợp sao trông rất giống nhau .
Mỗi tham gia sao sẽ có từ bốn đến 12 bảng thứ nguyên .
Nếu thiết kế đã được thực hiện đúng , nhiều bảng kích thước này sẽ được chia sẻ từ bảng thực tế sang bảng thực tế .
Các ứng dụng đi sâu vào sẽ chỉ đơn giản là thêm nhiều thuộc tính thứ nguyên hơn vào bộ câu trả lời SQL từ trong một phép nối sao duy nhất .
Các ứng dụng đi sâu vào sẽ chỉ đơn giản là liên kết các bảng dữ kiện riêng biệt với nhau thông qua các thứ nguyên ( được chia sẻ ) phù hợp .
Mặc dù bộ tổng thể các lược đồ nối sao trong mô hình chiều doanh nghiệp rất phức tạp , việc xử lý truy vấn rất dễ đoán vì ở cấp thấp nhất , tôi khuyên rằng mỗi bảng dữ kiện nên được truy vấn độc lập .
Điểm mạnh của Dimensional modeling
Mô hình chiều có một số lợi thế kho dữ liệu quan trọng mà mô hình ER thiếu .
Đầu tiên , mô hình chiều là một khung tiêu chuẩn , có thể dự đoán được .
Người viết báo cáo , công cụ truy vấn và giao diện người dùng đều có thể đưa ra các giả định mạnh mẽ về mô hình chiều để làm cho giao diện người dùng dễ hiểu hơn và để xử lý hiệu quả hơn .
Ví dụ : vì gần như tất cả các ràng buộc do người dùng cuối thiết lập đều đến từ các bảng thứ nguyên , công cụ dành cho người dùng cuối có thể cung cấp khả năng “ duyệt ” hiệu suất cao trên các thuộc tính trong một thứ nguyên thông qua việc sử dụng chỉ mục vector bit .
Siêu dữ liệu có thể sử dụng số lượng giá trị đã biết trong một thứ nguyên để hướng dẫn hành vi của giao diện người dùng .
Khung có thể dự đoán mang lại lợi thế to lớn trong quá trình xử lý .
Thay vì sử dụng trình tối ưu hóa dựa trên chi phí , một công cụ cơ sở dữ liệu có thể đưa ra các giả định rất mạnh về việc giới hạn các bảng thứ nguyên trước tiên và sau đó “ tấn công ” bảng dữ kiện cùng một lúc với tích Descartes của các khóa bảng thứ nguyên đó thỏa mãn các ràng buộc của người dùng .
Thật đáng ngạc nhiên , bằng cách sử dụng cách tiếp cận này , có thể đánh giá các phép nối n- chiều tùy ý vào một bảng dữ kiện trong một lần chuyển qua chỉ mục của bảng dữ kiện .
Chúng ta đã quá quen với việc coi các phép nối n-way là “ khó ” đến nỗi cả một thế hệ DBA không nhận ra rằng vấn đề nối n-way về mặt hình thức tương đương với một phép hợp nhất sắp xếp .
Có thật không .
bằng cách sử dụng phương pháp này , có thể đánh giá các phép nối n chiều tùy ý vào một bảng dữ kiện trong một lần chuyển qua chỉ mục của bảng dữ kiện .
Chúng ta đã quá quen với việc coi các phép nối n-way là “ khó ” đến nỗi cả một thế hệ DBA không nhận ra rằng vấn đề nối n-way về mặt hình thức tương đương với một phép hợp nhất sắp xếp .
Có thật không .
bằng cách sử dụng phương pháp này , có thể đánh giá các phép nối n chiều tùy ý vào một bảng dữ kiện trong một lần chuyển qua chỉ mục của bảng dữ kiện .
Chúng ta đã quá quen với việc coi các phép nối n-way là “ khó ” đến nỗi cả một thế hệ DBA không nhận ra rằng vấn đề nối n-way về mặt hình thức tương đương với một phép hợp nhất sắp xếp .
Có thật không .
Điểm mạnh thứ hai của mô hình chiều là khung có thể dự đoán được của lược đồ nối sao chịu được những thay đổi không mong muốn trong hành vi của người dùng .
Mọi thứ nguyên đều tương đương .
Tất cả các kích thước có thể được coi là các điểm nhập đối xứng bằng nhau vào bảng dữ kiện .
Thiết kế logic có thể được thực hiện độc lập với các mẫu truy vấn dự kiến .
Các giao diện người dùng là đối xứng , các chiến lược truy vấn là đối xứng và SQL được tạo ra dựa trên mô hình chiều là đối xứng .
Điểm mạnh thứ ba của mô hình chiều là nó có thể mở rộng một cách duyên dáng để chứa các phần tử dữ liệu mới bất ngờ và các quyết định thiết kế mới .
Khi chúng tôi nói có thể mở rộng một cách duyên dáng , chúng tôi muốn nói đến một số điều .
Đầu tiên , tất cả các bảng hiện có ( cả dữ liệu và thứ nguyên ) có thể được thay đổi tại chỗ bằng cách chỉ cần thêm các hàng dữ liệu mới trong bảng hoặc có thể thay đổi bảng tại chỗ bằng lệnh SQL thay đổi bảng .
Dữ liệu không cần phải được tải lại .
Khả năng mở rộng hữu ích cũng có nghĩa là không có công cụ truy vấn hoặc công cụ báo cáo nào cần được lập trình lại để phù hợp với thay đổi .
Và cuối cùng , khả năng mở rộng duyên dáng có nghĩa là tất cả các ứng dụng cũ tiếp tục chạy mà không mang lại kết quả khác .
Trong hình 2 , Tôi đã gắn nhãn lược đồ với các số từ 1 đến 4 cho biết nơi bạn có thể , tương ứng , thực hiện các thay đổi duyên dáng sau đối với thiết kế sau khi kho dữ liệu được thiết lập và chạy bằng cách :
Thêm dữ kiện không lường trước mới ( nghĩa là các trường số cộng mới trong bảng dữ kiện ) , miễn là chúng phù hợp với đặc điểm cơ bản của bảng dữ kiện hiện có Thêm thứ nguyên hoàn toàn mới , miễn là có một giá trị duy nhất của thứ nguyên đó được xác định cho mỗi hồ sơ dữ kiện hiện có Thêm các thuộc tính chiều mới không lường trước được
Phá vỡ các bản ghi thứ nguyên hiện có xuống mức chi tiết thấp hơn từ một thời điểm nhất định trở đi .
Điểm mạnh thứ tư của mô hình chiều là có một loạt các phương pháp tiếp cận tiêu chuẩn để xử lý các tình huống mô hình phổ biến trong thế giới kinh doanh .
Mỗi tình huống này có một tập hợp các lựa chọn thay thế được hiểu rõ có thể được lập trình cụ thể trong trình viết báo cáo , công cụ truy vấn và các giao diện người dùng khác .
Các tình huống mô hình hóa này bao gồm :
Thứ nguyên thay đổi chậm , trong đó thứ nguyên “ không đổi ” như Sản phẩm hoặc Khách hàng thực sự phát triển chậm và không đồng bộ .
Mô hình thứ nguyên cung cấp các kỹ thuật cụ thể để xử lý các kích thước thay đổi chậm , tùy thuộc vào môi trường kinh doanh .
Xem bài báo DBMS của tôi vào tháng 4 năm 1996 về các kích thước thay đổi từ từ .
Các sản phẩm không đồng nhất , trong đó một doanh nghiệp như ngân hàng cần theo dõi một số ngành kinh doanh khác nhau cùng nhau trong một tập hợp các thuộc tính và dữ kiện chung duy nhất , nhưng đồng thời nó cần phải mô tả và đo lường các ngành kinh doanh riêng lẻ theo một phong cách riêng biệt cách sử dụng các biện pháp không tương thích .
Cơ sở dữ liệu trả trước , trong đó các giao dịch của một doanh nghiệp không phải là phần nhỏ của doanh thu , nhưng doanh nghiệp cần phải xem xét các giao dịch riêng lẻ cũng như báo cáo doanh thu một cách thường xuyên .
Về phần này và phần trước , hãy xem bài báo DBMS của tôi vào tháng 12 năm 1995 , nghiên cứu điển hình về công ty bảo hiểm .
Cơ sở dữ liệu xử lý sự kiện , trong đó bảng dữ kiện thường hóa ra là “ phi dữ kiện ” .
Xem bài báo DBMS của tôi vào tháng 9 năm 1996 trên các bảng dữ kiện phi thực tế .
Điểm mạnh cuối cùng của mô hình thứ nguyên là sự gia tăng của các tiện ích quản trị và quy trình phần mềm quản lý và sử dụng tổng hợp .
Nhớ lại rằng tổng hợp là các bản ghi tóm tắt dư thừa về mặt logic với dữ liệu cơ sở đã có trong kho dữ liệu , nhưng chúng được sử dụng để nâng cao hiệu suất truy vấn .
Cần có một chiến lược tổng hợp toàn diện trong mọi triển khai kho dữ liệu quy mô vừa và lớn .
Nói cách khác , nếu bạn không có tổng hợp , thì bạn có khả năng lãng phí hàng triệu đô la cho việc nâng cấp phần cứng để giải quyết các vấn đề về hiệu suất mà có thể được giải quyết bằng cách tổng hợp .
Tất cả các gói phần mềm quản lý tổng hợp và các tiện ích điều hướng tổng hợp phụ thuộc vào một cấu trúc duy nhất rất cụ thể của bảng dữ liệu và bảng kích thước hoàn toàn phụ thuộc vào mô hình chiều .
Nếu bạn không tuân thủ cách tiếp cận theo chiều , bạn không thể hưởng lợi từ những công cụ này .
Vui lòng xem các bài viết về DBMS của tôi về điều hướng tổng hợp và các sản phẩm khác nhau phục vụ điều hướng tổng hợp trong các số tháng 9 năm 1995 và tháng 8 năm 1996 .
Huyền thoại về Dimensional modeling
Một số huyền thoại nổi xung quanh mô hình chiều đáng được giải quyết .
Quan niệm số một là “ Việc triển khai mô hình dữ liệu chiều sẽ dẫn đến các hệ thống hỗ trợ ra quyết định của bếp nấu ăn . ”
Lầm tưởng này đôi khi đổ lỗi cho việc không chuẩn hóa chỉ hỗ trợ các ứng dụng cụ thể do đó không thể thay đổi được .
Huyền thoại này là một cách giải thích thiển cận về mô hình chiều đã xoay sở để đưa ra thông điệp ngược lại một cách chính xác !
Đầu tiên , chúng tôi lập luận rằng mọi mô hình ER đều có một tập hợp các mô hình Dimensional modeling tương đương chứa cùng một thông tin .
Thứ hai , chúng tôi đã chỉ ra rằng ngay cả khi có sự thay đổi của tổ chức và sự thích ứng của người dùng cuối , mô hình chiều vẫn mở rộng một cách duyên dáng mà không thay đổi hình thức của nó .
Trên thực tế , nó là mô hình ER đánh bại các nhà thiết kế ứng dụng và người dùng cuối !
Theo tôi , một nguồn gốc của câu chuyện hoang đường này là nhà thiết kế đang vật lộn với các bảng dữ kiện đã được tổng hợp quá sớm .
Ví dụ : thiết kế trong
Hình 2 được thể hiện ở cấp mục hàng bán vé riêng lẻ .
Đây là điểm khởi đầu chính xác cho cơ sở dữ liệu bán lẻ này vì đây là mức dữ liệu thấp nhất có thể .
Không có bất kỳ sự cố nào khác về giao dịch bán hàng .
Nếu nhà thiết kế bắt đầu với một bảng dữ kiện đã được tổng hợp đến tổng doanh số hàng tuần theo cửa hàng , thì sẽ có đủ loại vấn đề khi thêm thứ nguyên mới , thuộc tính mới và dữ kiện mới .
Tuy nhiên , đây không phải là vấn đề với kỹ thuật thiết kế , đây là vấn đề với việc cơ sở dữ liệu được tổng hợp quá sớm .
Quan niệm thứ hai là “ Không ai hiểu được mô hình chiều . ”
Huyền thoại này là vô lý .
Tôi đã thấy hàng trăm thiết kế chiều tuyệt vời được tạo ra bởi những người mà tôi chưa từng gặp hoặc từng có trong lớp của mình .
Cả một thế hệ các nhà thiết kế từ ngành sản xuất và bán lẻ hàng đóng gói đã sử dụng và thiết kế cơ sở dữ liệu chiều trong 15 năm qua .
Cá nhân tôi đã học về các mô hình chiều từ các ứng dụng AC Nielsen và IRI hiện có đã được cài đặt và hoạt động ở những nơi như Procter & Gamble và The Clorox Company ngay từ năm 1982 .
Ngẫu nhiên , mặc dù bài viết này đã được đúc kết về cơ sở dữ liệu quan hệ , nhưng gần như tất cả các lập luận ủng hộ sức mạnh của mô hình chiều hoàn toàn phù hợp với các cơ sở dữ liệu đa chiều độc quyền như Oracle Express và Arbor Essbase .
Quan niệm thứ ba là “ Mô hình thứ nguyên chỉ hoạt động với cơ sở dữ liệu bán lẻ . ”
Huyền thoại này bắt nguồn từ nguồn gốc lịch sử của mô hình chiều nhưng không phải trong thực tế ngày nay của nó .
Mô hình chiều đã được áp dụng cho nhiều lĩnh vực kinh doanh khác nhau bao gồm ngân hàng bán lẻ , ngân hàng thương mại , bảo hiểm tài sản và thương vong , bảo hiểm sức khỏe , bảo hiểm nhân thọ , phân tích khách hàng môi giới , hoạt động của công ty điện thoại , quảng cáo trên báo , bán nhiên liệu của công ty dầu , chi tiêu của cơ quan chính phủ và sản xuất các lô hàng .
Quan niệm thứ 4 là “ Trượt tuyết là một giải pháp thay thế cho mô hình chiều . ”
Snowflaking là việc loại bỏ các thuộc tính văn bản có số lượng thấp khỏi bảng thứ nguyên và vị trí của các thuộc tính này trong bảng thứ nguyên “ phụ ” .
Ví dụ : một danh mục sản phẩm có thể được xử lý theo cách này và bị xóa khỏi bảng thứ nguyên sản phẩm cấp thấp .
Tôi tin rằng phương pháp này ảnh hưởng đến hiệu suất duyệt thuộc tính chéo và có thể ảnh hưởng đến tính dễ đọc của cơ sở dữ liệu , nhưng tôi biết rằng một số nhà thiết kế tin rằng đây là một cách tiếp cận tốt .
Snowflaking chắc chắn không mâu thuẫn với mô hình chiều .
Tôi coi việc trượt tuyết như một phần tô điểm cho sự sạch sẽ của mô hình chiều cơ bản .
Tôi nghĩ rằng một nhà thiết kế có thể đánh bông tuyết với lương tâm rõ ràng nếu kỹ thuật này cải thiện khả năng hiểu của người dùng và cải thiện hiệu suất tổng thể .
Lập luận rằng việc trượt tuyết giúp duy trì bảng thứ nguyên là rất khó .
Các vấn đề bảo trì thực sự được tận dụng bởi các nguyên tắc giống như ER , nhưng tất cả điều này xảy ra trong kho lưu trữ dữ liệu hoạt động , trước khi dữ liệu được tải vào lược đồ chiều .
Câu chuyện hoang đường cuối cùng là “ Mô hình hóa không gian chỉ hoạt động đối với một số loại dữ liệu đơn chủ đề . ”
Huyền thoại này là một nỗ lực để loại bỏ mô hình chiều của những cá nhân không hiểu sức mạnh cơ bản và khả năng ứng dụng của nó .
Mô hình hóa không gian là kỹ thuật thích hợp cho thiết kế tổng thể của một kho dữ liệu cấp doanh nghiệp hoàn chỉnh .
Một thiết kế chiều như vậy bao gồm các họ mô hình chiều , trong đó mỗi họ mô tả một quy trình kinh doanh .
Các gia đình được liên kết với nhau một cách hiệu quả bằng cách nhấn mạnh vào việc sử dụng các kích thước phù hợp .
Trong phòng thủ của Dimensional modeling
Bây giờ là lúc để cởi găng tay .
Tôi tin chắc rằng mô hình hóa chiều là kỹ thuật khả thi duy nhất để thiết kế cơ sở dữ liệu phân phối người dùng cuối .
Mô hình ER đánh bại phân phối của người dùng cuối và không được sử dụng cho mục đích này .
Mô hình ER không thực sự mô hình hóa một doanh nghiệp ; đúng hơn , nó mô hình hóa các mối quan hệ vi mô giữa các phần tử dữ liệu .
Mô hình ER không có “ quy tắc kinh doanh ” , nó có “ quy tắc dữ liệu ” .
Rất ít nếu bất kỳ yêu cầu thiết kế toàn cầu nào trong phương pháp lập mô hình ER nói lên tính hoàn chỉnh của thiết kế tổng thể .
Ví dụ : công cụ ER CASE của bạn có cố gắng cho bạn biết liệu tất cả các đường dẫn tham gia có thể có được biểu diễn hay không và có bao nhiêu đường dẫn ?
Bạn thậm chí còn quan tâm đến những vấn đề như vậy trong một thiết kế ER ?
ER có gì để nói về các tình huống mô hình kinh doanh tiêu chuẩn chẳng hạn như kích thước thay đổi chậm ?
Mô hình ER có cấu trúc rất khác nhau .
Nói trước cho tôi biết cách tối ưu hóa truy vấn hàng trăm bảng có liên quan với nhau trong một mô hình ER lớn .
Ngược lại , ngay cả một bộ lớn các mô hình chiều cũng có một chiến lược xác định tổng thể để đánh giá mọi truy vấn có thể có , ngay cả những truy vấn vượt qua nhiều bảng dữ kiện .
( Gợi ý : Bạn kiểm soát hiệu suất bằng cách truy vấn từng bảng dữ kiện riêng biệt .
Nếu bạn thực sự tin rằng bạn có thể kết hợp nhiều bảng dữ kiện với nhau trong một truy vấn duy nhất và tin tưởng trình tối ưu hóa dựa trên chi phí để quyết định kế hoạch thực hiện , thì bạn đã không triển khai kho dữ liệu cho người dùng cuối thực sự . )
Sự biến đổi hoang dã của cấu trúc của các mô hình ER có nghĩa là mỗi kho dữ liệu cần SQL tùy chỉnh , viết tay và điều chỉnh .
Điều đó cũng có nghĩa là mỗi giản đồ , một khi nó được điều chỉnh , sẽ rất dễ bị thay đổi thói quen truy vấn của người dùng , bởi vì các lược đồ như vậy là không đối xứng .
Ngược lại , trong mô hình chiều , tất cả các thứ nguyên đóng vai trò là các điểm vào bằng nhau trong bảng dữ kiện .
Những thay đổi trong thói quen truy vấn của người dùng không làm thay đổi cấu trúc của SQL hoặc các cách tiêu chuẩn để đo lường và kiểm soát hiệu suất .
Các mô hình ER có vị trí của chúng trong kho dữ liệu .
Đầu tiên , mô hình ER nên được sử dụng trong tất cả các ứng dụng OLTP kế thừa dựa trên công nghệ quan hệ .
Đây là cách tốt nhất để đạt được hiệu suất giao dịch cao nhất và tính toàn vẹn của dữ liệu liên tục cao nhất .
Thứ hai , mô hình ER có thể được sử dụng rất thành công trong việc dọn dẹp dữ liệu phòng sau và kết hợp các bước của kho dữ liệu .
Đây là ODS , hoặc kho dữ liệu hoạt động .
Tuy nhiên , trước khi dữ liệu được đóng gói thành định dạng có thể truy vấn cuối cùng , nó phải được tải vào mô hình chiều .
Mô hình thứ nguyên là kỹ thuật khả thi duy nhất để đạt được cả khả năng hiểu của người dùng và hiệu suất truy vấn cao khi đối mặt với các câu hỏi luôn thay đổi của người dùng .
Tài nguyên mô hình thứ nguyên
Archaeologists announced today that they have located not just the site of the Battle of Bosworth , but the spot where – on 22 August 1485 – Richard III became the last English king to die in battle when he was cut down by Tudor swords .
Nearby Henry Tudor was crowned Henry VII , with the crown which had tumbled from the dying Richard 's head .
The crucial evidence , including badges of the supporters of both kings , sword mounts , coins and 28 cannonballs , was found in fields straddling Fen Lane in the Leicestershire parish of Upton , where no historian had looked before .
The haul adds up to more than the total found on all other medieval battle sites in Europe .
" It took us five years to locate it , but there it is , there is the battle of Bosworth , " said Glenn Foard , the internationally renowned expert who led the hunt , looking over the landscape of low snow - ­covered hills , where on a hot summer day more than 500 years ago the course of English history changed .
The site was located by archaeologists using metal detectors across hundreds of acres , and poring over the evidence of medieval place names to match them to accounts of the battle .
Their finds suggest a sprawling fight , with the two armies facing one another in straggling lines almost a kilometre in length .
Frank Baldwin , the chair of the Battlefields Trust charity , said : " This is a discovery as important to us as Schliemann discovering Troy . "
The military historian Professor Richard Holmes , who two years ago rode Henry 's route from Wales to the battlefield in full Tudor costume , said : " This is certainly the most important discovery about Bosworth in my lifetime . "
Farmer Alf Oliver was astonished at the discovery in his fields straddling Fen Lane , outside all the parishes which have vied for centuries to claim the honour and three kilometres south - west of the visitor centre on Albion Hill .
Fen Lane was once a Roman road linking Leicester and Atherstone , the towns from which Richard and Henry approached the battle .
One of the crucial finds , the largest of the cannonballs nicknamed " the holy grapefruit " by the archaeologists , was found just behind one of Oliver 's barns .
Another key discovery was a silver boar no bigger than a thumbnail , battered but still snarling in rage after 500 years .
It was found on the edge of a field still called Fen Hole , which in medieval times was a marsh that played a crucial role in the battle , protecting the flank of Henry Tudor 's much smaller army .
The marsh was drained centuries ago , but Oliver said it still gets boggy in very wet summers .
After a charge in which Richard came within almost a sword 's reach of Henry , he lost his horse in the marsh , a moment immortalised in the despairing cry Shakespeare bestowed upon him : " A horse !
A horse !
My kingdom for a horse ! "
" The fact that this little boar is Richard 's personal emblem , and made in silver gilt , means that it can only have been given to one of the closest members of his retinue .
The man who wore this would have fought and died at Richard 's side , " Foard said .
" If you were to ask me what was the one find I would dream of making , which would really nail the site , it would be Richard 's boar emblem on the edge of a marsh . "
Other finds include a gold ring twisted like a pretzel , and an inch of gilded sword mount from a weapon of such high status that it can only have belonged to one of the aristocrats who led the battle forces .
The search was launched as part of a Heritage Lottery funded revamp of the visitor centre , which is left with the consolation that it may well have been part of Richard 's camp on the eve of the battle , and part of the rout as his troops were forced into desperate retreat by Henry 's triumphant men .
Foard believes a more likely site now for the battlefield coronation is Crown Hill , a hillock near the newly identified site , which was renamed soon after the battle .
Local historian John Austin brought the team a further gift : he owns the domain title battleofbosworth.com , and today he presented it to them to mark the ­occasion .
" Bestartdeals.com.au is AUSTRALIA'S Popular Online Art Studio .
We 've been selling wall art decor canvas prints for over 10 years .
Rest assured you 'll love the artwork .
We 've wide range of art subjects , styles , colors , artists , shape etc for example Abstract , Animals , City , Motivational , Nature , Still Life , Typography Quote , Kids , Religious & Spirituality , Modern , Graffiti , Watercolor , Vintage , Framed Art , Nordic , Impressionism , 2 Piece Canvas Set , 3 Piece Canvas Set , 4 Piece Canvas Set , 5 Piece Canvas Set , Panoramic Horizontal , Black and White Prints , Blue Canvas Prints , Red Canvas Prints .
We post canvas print orders Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Adelaide , Perth , Gold Coast , Newcastle , Canberra , Wollongong , Geelong , Hobart , Townsville , Carins , Darwin , Ballarat , Bendigo , Mackay , Bunbury and across all other Metro & Regional areas .
Ever since the days of Dick Whittington , those living outside London have often seen the capital as a city with streets paved with gold .
But , asks David Stenhouse , does the city dominate British life ?
It is the British city which joined the super - league , the world capital which ranks with Paris , New York and Tokyo .
It is the epicentre of Britain 's political , economic and cultural life , the seat of our government , hub of our media and home to one of the world 's biggest financial markets .
But even fans of London admit it is too expensive , too dirty and too crowded .
And its critics say that it sucks talent , money and opportunities out of the rest of the country .
So how should those of us who live outside London cope with the mega city in our own back yard ?
" The one thing that you cannot deny , whether you are in or outside it , is that London is a vast , dominant thing inside the United Kingdom , " says Tony Travers , director of the London School of Economics Greater London Group .
Image caption Londoners exhibit excellent queue - forming skills at a Tube station
Because of its enormous population - at 7.7 million , London has only slightly fewer inhabitants than Scotland and Wales combined - and its economic and political importance , the capital dominates the nightly news .
It is home to national museums , galleries and theatres and the place where multinational companies have their headquarters .
It is also where the British media is based - from the BBC's Television Centre to Channel 4 , Sky , ITN and the major national daily and Sunday papers .
No wonder that it is also the place where ambitious people from the provinces of Britain - and further afield - flock to make their names .
' Pandora 's box of dreams '
And many are convinced that they could n't have made it by staying at home .
The Scottish fashion designer Deryck Walker first went on a pilgrimage to London after seeing an edition of the South Bank Show devoted to Vivienne Westwood .
" For me it was like a Pandora 's box of dreams , " he says .
" Going to London was key to me becoming a designer . "
But in a global context , London is the exception rather than the rule .
The East Coast of the US has New York - the capital of media and commerce - and Washington DC - the capital of government .
Australia has Sydney , Melbourne and Canberra ; Spain has Barcelona and Madrid .
And Britain has ...
London , the sprawling , unrivalled capital whose gravitational force exerts a distorting effect on the rest of the country .
[ London is ] hugely crowded , hugely busy and full of people not really interested in each other Lord Hattersley , Former Labour Party deputy leader
Londoners have to pay the price for the capital 's status .
Residents have sky - high house prices in many areas of the capital - the average house price is now over £ 1.25 m in Kensington and Chelsea - and have high - cost travel , congestion , crime and grime .
But what cost does the rest of the country pay for London ?
Talk to business people and civic leaders around the UK and it is not hard to draw up a charge sheet against the capital .
Londoners are said to be rude and insular , and they look down their nose at anyone from the provinces .
" It 's an unresolved issue , " says Jude Kelly , director of London 's Southbank Centre .
" Is London a rival to other cities in its own nation , or a repository of their knowledge ? "
Those trying to run businesses in the north of England or Scotland have to incur serious expense to even make it to a meeting in the capital , leaving home at four in the morning to make it to London for 9am .
Streets ' paved with gold '
But the biggest charge against London is that it sucks talent and resources out of the rest of the country
Ever since Dick Whittington left the Forest of Dean in the 14th Century in search of his fortune in London , ambitious provincials have headed to the city in search of streets paved with gold .
Did Dick Whittington need London 's size and variety to find his niche ?
Or did his departure to the capital deprive the Forest of Dean of an outstanding Lord Mayor , maybe even one who could have arranged some golden paving for his home town ?
Image caption Living the London dream : Dick Whittington in his post - knapsack days
Given the concentration of power in London it's no surprise that since the 1960s successive British governments have tried to move key government departments out of London .
The BBC is the latest public body to follow suit , with the relocation of key staff and programmes to Salford Quays in Manchester .
But even devolution to Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland has done little to reduce London 's power .
The gravitational pull of the capital is hard to resist : not least because many people who have made their career in London find it hard to imagine life outside the M25 .
For many people in Britain 's public life , London is the only place to be .
But not so long ago the political and cultural landscape of Britain was a good deal less uneven than today .
In the Victorian era , Britain 's economic landscape was made up of powerful city states , with their own local governments , distinct political cultures and vibrant economies .
In the north of England , Manchester , Birmingham and Liverpool were the workshops of the world .
Further north , Glasgow described itself as the " Second City of the Empire " and the mighty Clyde shipyards produced vessels which sailed the seven seas .
FIND OUT MORE David Stenhouse is producer of There is More To Life than London , on Radio 4 at 1100 BST on Wednesday 7 July There is More To Life Than London
But as the manufacturing bases of these other cities declined and London 's population and economy soared , London started to seem less and less like a big British city and more and more like a global city which just happened to be based in the south - east of England .
It has amplified the faults - as well as the virtues - of the capital .
Now , as historian and politician Lord Hattersley puts it , London is " hugely crowded , hugely busy and full of people who are not really interested in each other " .
The size of London 's economy has led some to suggest that the capital should go it alone , and declare independence from the rest of the country .
There are plenty in the rest of the country who might be glad to see it go .
Mon ,
11/16/2009 - 22:26 — Anonymous
The Corruption Perception Index ( CPI ) published by Transparency International measures the perceived levels of public - sector corruption in a given country .
It is a composite index drawing on different expert and business surveys .
The scale is from zero ( highly corrupt ) to ten ( highly clean ) .
See also the ETICO website launched by IIEP / UNESCO for information on ethics and corruption in education .
Click on the ' fullscreen ' icon above ( in the bottom - left corner of the map ) to launch the map in a full - screen window .
The interactive map was produced using the free StatPlanet software .
Explore more interactive maps .
Kansas paper estimated in 2006 that ripoff scams over $ 2.3 billion annually
Many oil companies and gasoline retailers carefully track the temperature , volume and exact value of their supplies every step of the way from well to gas station , where the measurement often stops .
Now , two lawsuits out of Kansas have been merged into a class action suit alleging that many big gas retailers are directly causing consumers to get less for their money when fuel is sold hotter than the industry standard of 60 degrees Fahrenheit .
ADVERTISEMENT
They call it “ hot fuel , ” which has expanded at time of sale beyond the volume at which the value was based , resulting in more of a product that carries less energy .
The Kansas City Star reported : “ The certification of class - action status does not deal with the merits of the cases , but allows them to proceed .
The judgeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s ruling , which also could trigger discussions to settle the case , was hailed by attorneys representing consumers in the hot - fuel suits .
“ ‘ It ’s a great order , frankly ’ said Bob Horn , attorney at Horn , Aylward & Bandy in Kansas City . ”
Defendants include big names in the gas retail world , including 7 - Eleven , BP , Chevron , Citgo , Conoco , Circle - K , Shell , QuikTrip , Walmart and Valero , among others .
In all , the complainants seek compensation from companies in 26 states , Guam and Washington , D.C .
“ Attorneys for the defendants said they are disappointed in parts of Vratil ’s ruling , but are n’t sure yet whether they will appeal .
They said they are glad the judge ’s ruling was limited to liability and injunctive relief , and not for damages they said would be hard to pin down , ” the Associated Press added .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , The Kansas City Star featured a series of investigative reports in 2006 which claimed hot fuel costs consumers $ 2.3 billion every year .
“ [ The ] judge said that if plaintiffs prevail in the liability and injunctive portions of their claims , she would consider whether to certify a class for damages , ” Convenience Store News noted .
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
In Ohio , if a cop says it looked like you were speeding , he can write you a ticket - no proof needed .
Makes things so much easier for law enforcement if they do n't have to be bothered with the burden of proof .
True story .
The state 's supreme court ruled five - to - one that independent verification of a driver 's speed is n't necessary ... things like laser guns or radar or actually clocking how fast you 're going .
The court says an officer 's visual estimate will work as long as the officer is trained , certified by a training academy and experienced in finding speeders .
Supporters say that officers undergo extensive training where they have to visually estimate the speed of vehicles within one or two miles per hour of the actual speed .
Nonetheless , law enforcement officials insist they wo n't be getting rid of their speed guns ; and that it 's rare for officers to give tickets based solely on their observations .
But the state 's highest court says if they want to , it 's quite all right .
The case stemmed from the appeal of a traffic ticket issued near Akron , Ohio in 2008 .
In that case , a police officer ticketed a driver because he said it looked like the driver was going too fast .
Without any technical assistance , the cop determined that the motorist was going 70 miles - per - hour when the speed limit was 60 .
The driver says the court 's decision " stinks . "
The driver is right .
Here 's my question to you :
What else will police be able to do without proof if they can now give speeding tickets if they simply " think " a car is going too fast ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Steve in Bedford , Texas writes :
Dear Jack ,
It sounds like speed traps throughout the Buckeye State will be wallowing in more ill - gotten cash than a Wall Street bank !
More practically ( and less sarcastically ) , this ruling will erode the sort of community trust law enforcement needs to do its job correctly , and I hope the Ohio legislature will reverse this mistake during its next session .
Ex cop writes :
I was trained by a highly regarded , 10 - month law enforcement academy .
The " extensive " speed estimate training was limited to about two hours of guessing the speeds of cars driving by .
This is an inappropriate decision by the courts .
Even police must be kept honest – and " thinking " or " guessing " a car is going too fast does not cut it .
M. writes :
I went to training to stay out of Ohio .
So far it 's working !
Nik in Austin , Texas writes :
Jack ,
Do n't act so surprised .
Law enforcement officials have been overstepping their authority for decades and the court system always supports them .
Missy writes :
As long as people still have the right to fight the ticket in court , it should n't matter .
Without proof , I can't imagine these tickets will hold up in court .
Peer writes :
Nothing new .
I once got a ticket because the cop could " hear " my motorcycle was speeding .
Very impressive .
John writes :
Did you see the blown call in Detroit 's almost perfect game yesterday ?
Yes , even highly - trained professionals get it wrong .
Anton writes :
That 's what you get for living in Ohio .
Tim writes :
Might as well just skip sobriety tests , too .
If you appear to be drunk in the eyes of the law , you are drunk ( so long as the officer has been well - trained in identifying drunk people ) .
What could possibly go wrong ?
The Catholic Church failed to prevent gay marriage in Argentina , but it 's still fighting mightily on another front : ordaining women .
Today , it classified attempting to ordain women as being as bad as " clerical sex abuse of minors , heresy and schism . "
Advertisement
It is already verboten , of course , to ordain women , but even participating in a ceremony attempting to ordain a woman is now grounds for excommunication :
The new rules , which have been sent to bishops around the world , apply equally to Catholic women who agree to a ceremony of ordination and to the bishop who conducts it .
Both would be excommunicated .
Since the Vatican does not accept that women can become priests , it does not recognise the outcome of any such ceremony .
Advertisement
The Vatican seemed vaguely aware that lumping the ordination of women with sexual abuse of minors would be controversial , with the Vatican 's internal prosecutor saying in a news conference today ,
" Sexual abuse and pornography are more grave dealings , they are an egregious violation of moral law .
Attempted ordination of women is grave , but on another level ; it is a wound that is an attempt against the Catholic faith on the sacramental orders . "
Then ... why classify them as the same thing , in the same revision on the same day ?
At the same time , the Vatican extended its own statute of limitations for clerical sexual abuse — it has been changed from 10 years to 20 years after the 18th birthday of the victim .
It also made possession of child pornography and abusing mentally disabled adults actionable under the Vatican 's doctrinal office .
Advertisement
The New York Times notes that the measures fell short of what advocates for victims of clerical sexual abuse had pushed for :
It does not contain measures to hold bishops accountable for abuse by priests on their watch , nor does it require mandatory reporting of sex abuse to civil authorities even in countries where it is not required by civil law .
Instead , the changes codify as law special procedures that allow the Vatican to try priests accused of child sex abuse using faster juridical procedures rather than full ecclesiastical trials , making such procedures the rule , not the exception .
Advertisement
In any case , it is clear where the Vatican 's priorities lie .
The Times cites the case of Rev. Roy Bourgeois , who was excommunicated two months after he took part in a ceremony ordaining a woman .
It took years after bishops ' requests , in many cases , to defrock pedophiles .
Vatican Makes Attempted Ordination Of Women A Grave Crime [ Guardian ]
Vatican Issues New Rules On Responding To Sex Abuse [ NYT ]
Should we be taking a serious second look at Nuclear Energy ?
There have always been those – even after Three Mile Island and Chernobyl – who have been staunch supporters .
But the country has n’t built a new nuclear plant in three decades – among other reasons , nobody would finance them .
With climate change the biggest potential disaster facing humanity , there are even environmentalists who now think nuclear power is actually a lower risk .
The Obama administration seems to be on board – the recent stimulus package included billions of dollars in direct and indirect subsidies for the industry .
Take a look at this debate from TED , in which Stewart Brand and Mark Z. Jacobson go at it , and then tell us what you think .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/UK8ccWSZkic&hl=en_US&fs=1&rel=0][social_buttons]
Well ?
Is nuclear power the work of the devil ?
Or is this a case of “ The Devil we know is better than the Devil we can barely imagine ” ?
And … did this debate influence your thinking ?
About Stewart Brand – Since the counterculture Sixties , Stewart Brand has been a critical thinker and innovator who helped lay the foundations of our internetworked world .
Full bio and more links
About Mark Z. Jacobson – At Stanford , Mark Z. Jacobson uses numerical models to study the effects of energy systems and vehicles on climate and air pollution , and to analyze renewable energy resources .
Full bio and more links
An irate dispatch from the UK embassy in Lusaka , Zambia , to the Foreign Office in London , protesting about the lack of consular care that could be extended to Martin Mubanga , a British citizen with dual nationality , who had been detained .
Downing Street , the memo noted , had sent a message that " under no circumstances should Mubanga be allowed to return to the UK " .
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ
What , did you think the fight for health care reform was over ?
Rep. Lynn Woolsey ( D - CA ) , co-chair of the progressive caucus , is making good on her promise to continue pushing for a public health insurance option after the enactment of sweeping reform legislation .
On Thursday afternoon , the Northern California congresswoman will announce the introduction of a bill offering consumers a choice between private plans and a “ robust ” public plan in the health insurance exchanges set up by the law .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The robust public option offers lower - cost competition to private insurance companies , ” Woolsey told Raw Story .
“ This will make insurance more affordable for those who do not have it and keep insurance affordable for those who do .
We are introducing the public option now so is will be available as a ready - made off set or deficit reducer in this or the next Congress . ”
In an email , she promised it would “ rein in the spiraling costs of premiums ” and “ save billions of dollars and improve health care while doing it . ”
The bill currently has 121 co-sponsors in the House , Woolsey said , and has won strong praise from Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I - VT ) .
“ I am very pleased that Congresswoman Woolsey and 120 of her colleagues in the House are introducing a bill to create a strong public option operating in every state exchange , ” Sanders told Raw Story .
“ I have long been in favor of a Medicare - for - all , single - payer health care system , but in the post - Affordable Care Act world I think the very least we can do is to offer every person the option of choosing a government - run health insurance plan over a private one . ”
While the insurance industry fears competition from the government , polls have suggested that a large majority of Americans support a public option , and the Congressional Budget Office estimates that such a provision would help reduce the deficit .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It comes as no surprise to me that the CBO continues to recognize that such a public option will save significant amounts of money for the federal taxpayer , ” Sanders said .
Progressives are enthusiastic about the provision , for which there is strong support in the House .
But it could be a nonstarter in the Senate this year , due to the busy calendar and fast approaching November midterm elections .
Woolsey was a vocal supporter of a public plan during the grueling yearlong debate .
Though she voted for the bill even after it was removed , she told Raw Story in February she would nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t stop fighting for the provision .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an op - ed for The Hill last week , Woolsey called the Affordable Care ActÃ‚Â a “ historic first step , ” but argued that the law enacted in March must be followed by “ an even longer stride into history by establishing a robust public option . ”
Spartacus ( Bravo , Tuesdays , 10 pm ) star Lucy Lawless talks fights , fitness and oddball fans …
Tell us about your Spartacus character , Lucretia
“ She is a survivor and willing to do whatever it takes .
She ’s sexually passionate and longing for a child .
She ’s a kind of Lady Macbeth character . ”
Is it frustrating watching the gladiators do all the fighting in Spartacus after all your years playing Xena ?
“ No , I am so happy I do n’t have to do that stunt fighting .
I hate all that stuff . ”
So you did n’t have to hit the gym before filming ?
“ Are you kidding ?
I spend time naked on screen so I had to get a trainer .
But it ’s Ancient Rome .
It ’s not like they were popping off to the gym every two seconds ; my character did n’t have to be ripped . ”
How do you feel about the show ’s raunchy sex scenes ?
“ I ’ve found some of the sex things Lucretia does hard to shake off .
Also , my husband is the show ’s executive producer , so that could have been awkward , but he did n’t hang around on those days . ”
John Hannah plays your screen husband .
What is he like to work with ?
“ John is a wonderful man and a great anchor for the show .
Getting my kit off was so stressful and I could n’t have a better partner than John . ”
You ’ve moved back to your native New Zealand to make the series .
How has that been ?
“ I was a bit nervous about coming home because it felt like that ’s what you do when you retire .
But my kids ’ lifestyle is a lot freer here and they can have a good old - fashioned childhood .
We ’re back living in Auckland and we ’ve all had sailing lessons . ”
Do your sons like having an action hero mum ?
“ The boys have no curiosity about my job .
I might as well work in a bank . ”
Are you still getting much attention from Xena fans ?
“ Yes , they ’re wonderful .
They are loyal and they stick with you .
I loved that role and I would love to go back to playing Xena one day . ”
What ’s been your strangest fan experience ?
“ I ’ve signed people ’s arms and they have run off to the tattoo shop and had my signature tattooed .
Then they come back to show me and I think , ‘ Why did you do that ? ’
Also , a guy in a wet raincoat asked me to sign his axe once .
I was a bit creeped out by that . ”
Do you trust your government ?
Do you just support it like an obedient Britney Spears , steadfast to your faith that it will do the right thing ?
Your answer to those questions will almost certainly predict your response to a Wall Street Journal exposé of a classified US government program provocatively dubbed , " Perfect Citizen . "
Why not just call it " Big Brother , " for crissake !
Oh wait , according to an internal Raytheon email seen by the WSJ , " Perfect Citizen is Big Brother , " adding , " The overall purpose of the [ program ] is our Government ... feel[s ] that they need to insure the Public Sector is doing all they can to secure Infrastructure critical to our National Security .
" Histrionics aside , according to the WSJ , the " expansive " program is meant to detect assaults on private companies and government agencies deemed critical to the national infrastructure .
In other words , utilities like the electricity grid , air - traffic control networks , subway systems , nuclear power plants , and presumably MTV .
A set of sensors deployed in computer networks will alert the NSA of a possible cyber attack , with Raytheon winning a classified , $ 100 million early stage contract for the surveillance effort .
Now , before you start getting overly political , keep in mind that the program is being expanded under Obama with funding from the Bush - era Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative .
The WSJ also notes that companies wo n't be forced to install the sensors .
Instead , companies might choose to opt - in because they find the additional monitoring helpful in the event of cyber attack -- think of Google 's recent run-in with Chinese hackers as a potent example .
Like most citizens , we have mixed emotions about this .
On one hand , we cherish our civil liberties and prefer to keep the government out of our personal affairs .
On the other , we can barely function when Twitter goes down , let alone the national power grid .
A Black Day For Science – PNAS publishes a paper based on a skeptic blacklist
It does n’t get much uglier than this .
A stasi-esque master list of skeptical scientists and bloggers , with ratings put together by a “ scientist ” that rants against the very people he rates on his blog .
Meet the author , Jim Prall here .
And he uses this for a peer reviewed paper .
What next ?
Will we have to wear yellow badges to climate science conferences ?
We do n’t need no stinking badges .
Here ’s a sample of coverage :
Scientists who believe in man-made climate change are more esteemed than those who actively oppose the concept , according to a new paper .
But experts said the paper divides scientists into artificial groups , does not consider a balanced spectrum of scientists , and is inherently biased due to the nature of the peer review process .
…
Judith Curry , a climate expert at the Georgia Institute of Technology – who was not part of the analysis – called the study “ completely unconvincing ” while John Christy of University of Alabama claimed he and other climate sceptics included in the survey were simply “ being blacklisted ” by colleagues .
– Nick Collins , The Daily Telegraph
So what does this new paper measure exactly ?
Hell if I know .
But it is clear that in the climate debate there are good guys and there are bad guys , and to tell them apart , it is important to have a list .
A black list .
— Roger Pielke
Jr at his blog
It is a blacklist .
It ’s also hilariously wrong .
It is a black day for science and shows that there are people more stupid than Ken Cuccinelli . — Thomas Fuller , Environmental Policy Examiner
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Those alchemists over in Mountain View have been fiddling with their search engine again and the product has been one of the biggest redesigns ye olde Google has received to date .
Gone are the little captions and size measurements under each image -- well , not gone , just hidden away until you hover over a pic -- to be replaced by a densely packed compendium of your results , which just keeps going and going .
Seriously , the new Images search can fit up to 1,000 pictures on one page , with thumbnails loading in a logical top - to - bottom order .
A new landing page has also been implemented , showing you the image you selected superimposed on top of the website it belongs to , making for a more streamlined search experience overall .
We like it , it 's fast and it 's pretty cool , but is anyone working on result relevance at all ?
Try looking for an iPhone 4 snapshot and you 'll have to scroll past 43 mockups before finding the real thing .
Two out when winning run scored .
a- Struck out for Francis in the 4th .
b- Grounded into a forceout for Chacin in the 7th .
c- Singled for Corpas in the 9th .
d- Grounded out for Herrera , J in the 9th .
1 - Ran for Giambi in the 9th .
a- Struck out for Francis in the 4th .
b- Grounded into a forceout for Chacin in the 7th .
c- Singled for Corpas in the 9th .
d- Grounded out for Herrera , J in the 9th .
1 - Ran for Giambi in the 9th .
BATTING
2B : Pujols ( 19 , Francis ) .
HR : Lopez , F ( 5 , 3rd inning off Francis , 1 on , 2 out ) ; Holliday ( 12 , 6th inning off Chacin , 2 on , 2 out ) .
TB : Greene ; Holliday 4 ; Jay ; Lopez , F 5 ; Miles 2 ; Molina ; Pujols 3 ; Rasmus , Col .
RBI : Holliday 3 ( 42 ) ; Lopez , F 3 ( 21 ) ; Miles ( 2 ) ; Molina ( 32 ) ; Pujols ( 61 ) .
2-out RBI : Holliday 3 ; Pujols ; Lopez , F 3 .
Runners left in scoring position , 2 out : Stavinoha ; Hawksworth .
SAC : Hawksworth .
SF : Miles .
GIDP : Rasmus , Col .
Team RISP : 3 - for - 6 .
Team LOB : 5 .
FIELDING
E : Winn ( 1 , fielding ) .
PB : Molina ( 4 ) .
DP : ( Greene - Miles - Pujols ) .
She ’s taken meddling motherhood to a whole new level .
Geri Brin is so anxious to marry off her 31 - year - old son , Colby ( pictured ) , she ’s launched a Web site where she and other parents can find perfect matches for their single kids .
“ I ’ve been fixing my son up for about five years , ” said Geri , an Internet entrepreneur who works with Colby on the Upper East Side .
“ I even set him up with the saleswoman at the upholsterer I used to re-cover my sofa .
I figured I might as well cast a wide net to increase his odds of finding the right woman since he ’s not hitting the jackpot on his own . ”
Colby is not at all surprised by his mother ’s latest project .
“ One thing about my mom , ” Colby joked , “ she has perseverance .
I can picture her on her death bed . . . choking out the words , ‘ Colby , did you call that girl ? ’ before fading into darkness . ”
“ Literally , ” he said , “ if she hears of a single woman , she ’ll mention it to me .
It ’s almost like a synapse in her brain that ’s been conditioned to automatically fire . ”
Once his mother set him up with her dental hygienist ’s friend ’s daughter .
He schlepped all the way to Queens , like “ Indiana Jones on a great adventure , hoping for a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow , ” he recalled
He was greeted by a father who initially slammed the door in his face and a date wearing “ makeup two inches thick . ”
Colby is n’t the least bit embarrassed about being fixed up by his mom .
“ Look , I ’m a Jewish guy who grew up in New York , ” he said .
“ Obviously , I ’m a momma ’s boy .
Who are you kidding ? ”
Besides Geri ’s personal interest in the site , she believes it ’s a unique business opportunity .
“ I thought , yeah , I ’m starting a whole Web site and investing hundreds of thousands of dollars just to fix my son up , ” she laughed .
So far , she ’s attracted 20 parents and their adult kids to sign up .
One of them is Susan Grant , a merchandising manager for a jewelry showroom .
She said the beauty of the site is that it ’s the moms doing the setting up .
“ All the kids have to do is roll their eyes and blame mom for getting them involved , ” she said .
Starting today , any other parents looking to marry off their kids can play matchmaker by clicking the “ Date My Single Kid ” link on the Web site Faboverfifty.com .
Kid Breaks World Record By Wearing 215 Pairs Of Underpants
Click here to get each day ’s one thing to see by email !
Here ’s one that I can’t quite figure out .
Some kid made his parents “ very proud of him ” by breaking a world record for wearing the most pairs of underpants at one time .
In the video , you can watch the kid put on 215 pairs of underpants while his family and friends cheer him on ( and his legs fall asleep ) .
VICTORIA'S human rights watchdog has launched an election - year assault on the Brumby government 's so - called war on knife crime .
As Labor prepares to fight a ' ' tough on crime ' ' campaign , Human Rights Commissioner Helen Szoke has condemned the government for breaching its own Charter of Human Rights with legislation that would empower police to randomly search unaccompanied children for weapons .
Dr Szoke told The Age the bill - now before Parliament and expected to be passed within weeks - gave police excessive powers and was an unreasonable incursion on individual rights .
She has written to Police Chief Commissioner Simon Overland seeking a briefing on how police propose to use the extended powers , hailed by Premier John Brumby as the toughest in Australia .
Her stance pits the commission against not only the government but the opposition and Victoria Police , who all support boosting police search - and - seize powers in response to community concern about rising levels of street violence .
Vous êtes sûrement passés devant cet édifice des centaines de fois sans remarquer rien d’inhabituel .
Une bâtisse commerciale de près de 150 ans abrite à son sommet le temple des francs - maçons de Québec depuis son édification en 1861 .
Les francs - maçons sont une société initiatique , philosophique et philanthropique .
Wikipédia offre une description encore plus vague en parlant d’un ensemble polymorphe de phénomènes historiques et sociaux formant un espace de sociabilité .
Les premiers francs - maçons à Québec provenaient de certains détachements de soldats britanniques arrivés après la conquête .
Ils ont occupé divers lieux dans la ville avant de se construire des temples officiels .
Les premières années et l’Auberge le Chien d’Or
La première manifestation publique documentée des francs - maçons à Québec a été en 1764 .
Le Lieutenant Miles Prentice invitait dans le Quebec Gazette , les lecteurs à prendre part à la fête maçonnique de la St - Jean d’été .
Les réunions maçonniques étaient tenues à cette époque dans diverses tavernes de la ville dont la taverne Soleil sur la rue St - Jean et une autre sur la rue St - Vallier dans St - Sauveur .
L’ancien Hôtel Albion a aussi reçu les réunions maçonniques pendant un certain temps .
Il s’agissait du meilleur hôtel de l’époque à Québec et elle appartenait à un franc - maçon du nom de Thomas Payne .
Le nom de l’hôtel était emprunté sans doute de la loge Albion ( voir plus bas ) dont Payne faisait partie .
L’hôtel a changé de nom plus tard pour le Stadacona et finalement l’Hôtel Victoria .
L’emplacement original de l’Albion était au coin des rues Charlevoix et Côte du Palais , soit en face de l’emplacement actuel de l’Hôtel - Manoir Victoria .
Cet hôtel a aussi servi pour les réunions du conseil municipal de Québec avant la construction de l ’Hôtel de Ville .
Anciennement sur le terrain de l’édifice Louis S. - St - Laurent se trouvait la maison de Timothée Roussel , maître chirurgien .
Elle avait été acquise autour de 1786 par Prentice pour en faire l’Auberge le Chien d’Or.
L’auberge comprenait une salle franc - maçonnique , le « Freemasons ’
Hall » , qui permettait de tenir les réunions entre membres .
La maison fut plus tard vendue pour y installer un bureau de poste et , en 1869 , elle fut démolie pour être remplacée par un nouveau bâtiment .
Toutefois , on a pris le soin de conserver la plaque originale de la maison .
Elle est posée sur l’édifice actuel .
Masonic Hall : 51 Garden Street
Les francs - maçons de Québec occupent le 51 , rue des Jardins depuis 1862 .
Ils avaient fait construire cet édifice de 4 étages en 1861 .
Elle fut inaugurée le 8 août .
Le temple a été aménagé au 4e étage .
Les trois autres étages ont toujours été loués à des fins commerciales .
L’extérieur de l’édifice arbore deux symboles typiques .
À l’entrée , on voit une plaque avec le design d’un compas et d’une équerre déposés sur un livre .
En haut de la façade , sous la corniche , on voit les mêmes symboles sculptés dans la pierre .
Le 4e étage est composé de 2 grandes salles .
La salle de rituel est sur la façade de la rue St - Louis .
Le plafond de cette salle est en forme de dôme et des nuages et des étoiles y sont peints .
Le plancher est recouvert d’un tapis bleu foncé et des fauteuils de cérémonie en bois de différentes tailles sont installés le long des 4 murs .
Une seconde salle avec un style gothique sert aux réunions plus sociales .
Son plafond est soutenu par diverses arches et poutres de bois foncés .
Les murs de cette salle sont ornés de divers souvenirs maçonniques , dont le plan de localisation original de la bâtisse et un encadrement de l’article original du journal Quebec Mercury , lors de l’inauguration de l’édifice en 1861 .
À gauche , salle de rituel .
À droite , la salle de banquet .
Les francs - maçons sont installés au dernier étage car , selon leurs croyances , un temple ne doit pas avoir de toit .
Puisque ce n’était pas toujours possible , il doit être du moins le plus proche de l’être supérieur aux cieux .
L’édifice a subi plusieurs rénovations au fil des ans dues à son âge vénérable .
Un ascenseur a été aménagé en 1956 et les escaliers de bois ont été remplacés .
L’électricité a été refaite entièrement et les fenêtres de bois ont été remplacées au coût impressionnant de 100 000 $ .
L’entretien onéreux de l’édifice historique est possible grâce aux revenus de location .
L’emplacement a toujours été prisé par les bureaux d’avocats .
L’ancien Palais de justice de Québec ( Édifice Gérard D.- Lévesque ) , maintenant occupé par le Ministère des Finances , était le voisin immédiat à une autre époque .
Le rez - de - chaussée est occupé par le Conti Caffe .
Le mobilier , notament les chaises , est de toute beauté .
Le « vénérable Maître » occupe le siège du centre et préside avec un maillet .
Le « Volume de la Sainte Loi » , représenté par la Bible , est déposé au centre du temple .
Une des conditions pour devenir franc - maçon est de croire en un être divin , peut importe la religion .
Seul l’Ancien
Testament est considéré par les francs - maçons , car partagé par les trois religions mésopotamiennes .
Qui sont les francs - maçons de Québec ?
Les membres sont répartis dans 2 groupes dits « loges symboliques » : St. John ’s Lodge No. 3 et Loge Albion n°2 .
Cette dernière fut fondée en 1752 en Angleterre et elle est venue s’établir en Amérique puisque ses membres faisaient partie d’un détachement britannique .
Les fondateurs des 2 loges étaient principalement des militaires et l’effectif a longtemps été dominé par ces derniers .
D’ailleurs , plusieurs anciens combattants et quelques militaires sont parmi les membres actuels .
La société s’imliquait dans les affaires publiques à ses débuts .
Exemple , les francs - maçons prenaient part dans la plupart des inaugurations d’édifices et de monuments publics en leur confiant la pose de la pierre angulaire ( exemple , le Monument de Wolfe ) .
L’Église catholique a toutefois voulu les éradiquer en menaçant d’excommunion toute personne s’affichant comme franc -maçon .
Cette chasse aux sorcières les a habitués à être discrets , voire même secrets .
La franc - maçonnerie fut principalement anglophone jusqu ’en 1987 .
Le fonctionnement de la loge Albion s’est converti alors au français .
En date d’aujourd ’hui , il y a autant de membres dans chacune des loges anglophone et francophone .
C’est un fait étonnant puisque les anglophones représentent aujourd ’hui seulement 2 % de la population de Québec .
Aussi , la franc - maçonnerie attire beaucoup les nouveaux arrivants .
Il y a une proportion élevée d’immigrants qui adhère à cette société .
De plus , seuls les hommes sont admis parmi les membres .
Il y a déjà eu jusqu’à 400 membres à Québec , mais aujourd ’hui on en dénombre 200 .
Il y a 4 500 membres dans toute la province .
Une plaque immortalise les francs maçons de la loge de Québec mort au combat durant la Première Guerre .
Il aurait été débattu de la pertinence de remplacer le drapeau par celui du Canada , mais il a été décidé de conserver le Britannique , couleur sous laquelle se sont battus les Canadiens à l’époque .
Toute décision importante étant décidée par vote secret , ce système de votation par boule a , qui sait , peut - être été utilisé lorsqu’il a été décidé de garder les couleurs britanniques au dessus de la plaque .
Nous voulons remercier l’Association Maçonnique Bénévole de Québec de nous avoir si gentiment accueillis dans leur temple et de nous avoir permis de faire découvrir à nos lecteurs ce lieu secret de Québec .
Références et sites d’intérêt :
With nearly every visit back to Michigan ( time permitting ) , there is a requisite stop at a Coney Island .
You ca n’t drive more than a few miles in the metro Detroit area without hitting a Coney , and I ’m pretty sure they are all awesome .
My go - to Coney growing up was Leo’s , but sometimes convenience outweighs loyalty .
So last time I was back in the homeland , we went to Lulu ’s Coney Island in Walled Lake .
Lulu ’s is a relative newcomer on the Coney scene .
If my memory serves me , it ’s only been around for the past 5 years or so and the Walled Lake location is the only location .
But just like all Coneys that have come before it , they serve a mix of Greek , American , and my favorite Coney specialties , the Loose Burger and the Coney Dog .
The Loose Burger is a ground beef that never made its way into a patty .
Instead , it has been loosely tossed into a hot dog bun .
Then , just like the Coney Dog , it is topped with Detroit - style chili .
This runny , flavorful and beanless chili can only be found in Detroit ( to my knowledge ) and is some of the best on earth .
It ’s so good that even though my weekend in Michigan was 85 degrees and about 85 % humidity , my craving for Detroit - style chili did not subside .
Some like to eat their dogs and loose burgers with onions and mustard on top , but I like mine just the way nature intended .
Just chili , meat and bun .
These beauties , if prepared right , ca n’t be eaten by hand .
Instead , they require a fork , knife and a few napkins .
On top of those , I like to get a side of cheese fries .
These do a great job of rounding out a deliciously meaty meal .
Â
Another thing that distinguishes Coneys from other restaurants are their unbeatable prices .
A Coney Dog runs about 2 bucks , a Loose Burger is about $ 3 and the cheese fries are are $ 2.50 .
Great prices , great food and a taste you ca n’t find outside of Michigan make Coney Islands a necessary stop for any traveler to the area .
Lulu ’s is no exception to that rule .
While we 're on the subject of Britishness , here 's something we can all feel proud of : cops without guns .
That we do n't yet live in a police state where officers of the law can shoot first and ask questions later , or where innocent people can be killed at random for being in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Because that would be awful , would n't it ?
That would change the entire nature of the contract between state and citizen .
Nobody would want that .
By the way , it has just been announced that the police officer responsible for the death of Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests last year will not face any criminal charges .
The director of public prosecutions , Keir Starmer QC , announced this morning that the Metropolitan Police officer who was caught on video attacking the 47 - year - old father - of - nine with a baton , and shoving him to the ground , will not face criminal charges , because of conflicting evidence in the post - mortem reports .
You know , those post - mortem reports , the first of which seemed to confirm that Tomlinson had died of a heart attack , as per the initial police account , an allegation that was undermined by the second report , conducted on behalf of the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) , which found that Tomlinson died from internal bleeding .
Tomlinson 's family wanted a charge of manslaughter brought against the officer in question , but the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) is adamant that there is not sufficient evidence to conclusively prove
a causal link between the assault on Mr Tomlinson and his death .
On that issue , there is disagreement between the medical experts .
Hypothetically speaking , one might imagine that a disagreement between medical experts would be easy to engineer on any matter , given a compliant coroner or two -- even if there were video , CCTV and post - mortem evidence suggesting that , contrary to police reports , a certain innocent bystander was knocked violently to the ground and prevented from receiving proper medical assistance as he collapsed and died of his injuries .
Hypothetically speaking , one might imagine that it would be simple to get your tame experts to disagree about absolutely anything , especially if that disagreement were likely to impede embarrassing and uncomfortable further inquiry , of the sort that might challenge the gradual erosion of innocent citizens ' right to feel safe when the police are out on the streets .
The announcement comes five years to the day after the shooting of Jean Charles de Menezes at Stockwell Tube station , south London , on 22 July 2005 .
Again , in that case , nobody was charged in connection with the death of the innocent Brazilian .
The Tomlinson and de Menezes families are currently gathered outside Scotland Yard -- a building with more CCTV cameras than the whole of Finland -- to stage a protest , along with concerned members of the public .
Last night , I spoke to some of the protesters as they were preparing for their demonstration .
Even before the announcement had been made , the organisers were firmly convinced that the CPS would " find some technicality or other to make sure that no charges are brought " .
No officer of the law has ever been charged in connection with the death in of a civilian in police custody or at a protest in Britain or Ireland .
And clearly , even in the digital age , when the public can use technology to hold wrongdoers to account , like the state , there is no reason to interrupt that pattern .
The message is clear : video evidence is the prerogative of the state alone .
The police watch us , and our attempts to watch them back are fundamentally suspect , especially when we happen to catch them doing something a bit naughty , like , just by way of example , pummelling an innocent newspaper salesman to death .
Let 's not rock the boat , eh ?
Saturday , July 24 , 2010
The Tax Foundation has released a tax calculator at www.MyTaxBurden.org, which allows taxpayers to compare their 2011 federal income tax liabilities under three scenarios ( methodology here ) :
All the Bush tax cuts expire completely at the end of this year
All the Bush tax cuts are extended into 2011 or made permanent
President Obama 's budget is adopted , which includes a combination of expirations and extensions of the Bush tax cuts .
Below the fold are the Tax Foundation 's 13 FAQs on the Bush tax cuts :
1 . What are the Bush - era tax cuts , why are they expiring this year , and what is likely to happen ?
2 . How much did the Bush - era tax cuts cost the Treasury in foregone revenue ?
3 . Who received the biggest tax savings from the tax cuts ?
4 . Why were the tax cuts temporary ( i.e. not made permanent ) when they were passed in 2001 and 2003 ?
5 . What is going on with President Obama 's tax cuts , specifically those in the so - called stimulus bill ?
6 . How does this all interact with the Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) ?
7 . What are PEP and Pease , and how were they affected by the tax cuts ?
8 . Can you provide a complete list of the tax provisions expiring at the end of this year ( 2010 ) ?
9 . What tax provisions expired at the end of 2009 along with the AMT patch , and what are the chances these will once again be extended retroactively ?
10 .
Do you have a chart showing how the various scenarios ( tax cuts expiring , tax Cuts extended , and Obama 's proposal ) would affect key tax parameters like tax rates and brackets , the standard deduction , etc . ?
11 . What exactly is going on with the federal estate tax right now ?
12 . How does the recently passed health care bill interact with all this ?
13 . Can you give me some examples of how families ' income tax bills would change as a result of the tax cuts expiring ?
https://taxprof.typepad.com/taxprof_blog/2010/07/tax-foundation.html
Merck & Co. Merck researchers will be laid off as a result of the firm ’s new round of site closures .
Text Size A A
Merck & Co. has unveiled details of its previously announced plans to lay off 15 % of its staff , or almost 16,000 employees , following last year ’s acquisition of Schering - Plough .
The company will end activities at 16 locations around the world , closing an equal number of R&D and manufacturing sites .
Starting this year , production will be phased out at eight manufacturing sites , bringing Merck ’s global network to 77 facilities .
The company will try to sell two of the sites — in Mirador , Argentina , and Miami Lakes , Fla . — while the rest appear earmarked for outright closure .
The 29 animal health facilities that will be part of a pending joint venture with Sanofi - Aventis ’ Merial unit are unaffected by the action .
Research activities will be significantly affected by the consolidation .
The decision to exit research at eight sites in North America and Europe will leave Merck with just 16 R&D facilities across the world .
Organon , the human and animal health care business that Schering - Plough bought just three years ago from AkzoNobel for $ 14.4 billion , will be hit hardest by the R&D cuts .
The entire Organon R&D division in the Netherlands appears to be on the chopping block , although Merck says some women ’s health activities will be transferred to the U.S. Merck spokeswoman Amy Rose confirms that roughly 2,200 jobs , including about 1,000 in R&D , will be affected by the closure of labs in Oss , the Netherlands .
Meanwhile , Nobilon , Organon ’s vaccines unit in Boxmeer , the Netherlands , will be closed , along with a site in Schaijk , the Netherlands .
Other affected former Organon sites are in Waltrop , Germany , and Newhouse , Scotland .
Merger Impact Former Organon Locations Are Hit R&D Closures
Montreal , Quebec
Boxmeer , Netherlandsa
Oss , Netherlandsa
Schaijk , Netherlandsa
Odense , Denmarka
Waltrop , Germanya
Newhouse , Scotlanda
Kendall Square , Cambridge , Mass .
Manufacturing Closures
Comazzo , Italy
Cacém , Portugal
Azcapotzalco , Mexico
Coyoacan , Mexico
Santo Amaro , Brazil
Mirador , Argentinab
Miami Lakes , Fla.b
Legacy Merck chemical manufacturing site in Singapore a Former Organon sites .
b
Will be sold .
SOURCE : Merck & Co .
The decision to close the Merck Frosst Center for Therapeutic Research , in Montreal , comes as a blow to Canadian chemists .
Merck Frosst invests some $ 115 million annually in R&D in Canada , making it one of the top 20 corporate R&D spenders in the country .
Rose says a small number of the 180 scientists employed at the Montreal site are expected to be offered jobs at other Merck facilities .
To soften the impact of the closure on the local economy , Merck will spend $ 95 million over the next five years on R&D pacts with biotech firms and academic institutions in Quebec .
Facing patent expirations on multiple blockbuster drugs , Merck had been trimming its R&D operations even before it took over Schering - Plough ’s assets .
In 2008 , the company said it would trim its workforce by 7,200 employees .
Research facilities in Seattle ; Tsukuba , Japan ; and Pomezia , Italy , were set for closure .
Merck had already ended natural products research in Spain , a move that cost R&D jobs in both Spain and Rahway , N.J .
Merck ’s cutbacks come as the entire pharmaceutical industry reassesses its approach to research ( C&EN , June 7 , page 13 ) .
With the number of new drug approvals falling , generic competition getting tougher , and the price of medicine under pressure , companies are focused on increasing efficiency in their operations .
One strategy has been to outsource R&D functions that previously would have been done in - house .
As a consequence , planned cuts at Merck , Pfizer , Astra­Zeneca , GlaxoSmithKline , and Eli Lilly & Co. , among others , will result in tens of thousands of R&D job losses in the coming years .
Image caption Child obesity levels have been rising for decades
Researchers have challenged the assumption that a lack of exercise causes children to put on weight .
An 11 - year study of more than 200 children in Plymouth suggests the effect is the other way around - that getting fatter makes them inactive .
The paper , published in the Archives of Disease in Childhood , concludes that programmes to tackle obesity may need to focus more on food than exercise .
However , some other experts have questioned the findings .
The paper says there is no disputing the association between physical activity and body fat .
And there is no suggestion that exercise is not good for children .
But it does question its value as a way of tackling obesity .
What we should n't do is take the paper at face value and allow lean children to be as lazy as they please Dr David Haslam , National Obesity Forum
The researchers at the EarlyBird Diabetes Study , based at the Peninsula Medical School in Plymouth , has been following a group of more than 200 city school children for the past 11 years .
As part of the long - term study , they monitored body fat and exercise at regular intervals over three years .
They found no indication that doing more physical activity had any effect on weight , but they did find that children who put on weight did relatively less exercise .
The findings indicate that 10 % more body fat in a seven - year - old leads to four minutes less moderate or vigorous exercise each day .
The lead author , Professor Terry Wilkin , says this may not sound a lot , but it adds up over time .
" Moderate and physical activity only occupies in boys a little less than an hour a day and in girls about 45 minutes .
' It 's a vicious circle ' Nathan Howland , aged 43 from North London , has worked as both a tennis and cricket coach and says , in his experience , overweight children are left out at school creating a " vicious circle " .
And as a " weak and scrawny " child he often found himself on the sidelines with the larger children .
" They get teased for their weight then that is compounded by PE teachers who only really give their time to coaching those who are already showing talent .
" Nine times out of 10 these kids want to be involved and there needs to be a more proactive , nurturing environment to bring them through . "
Read your comments
" So it 's a not insubstantial amount of activity that is gained by having the lower body mass .
" And that of course is energy expenditure day in day out , week in week out , month in month out so the balance is changed substantially . "
The paper suggests that overweight children may perceive their body image negatively , and as a result choose not to join in sports and exercise .
It also argues that children who put on too much weight may suffer discomfort and pain during exercise more quickly .
Professor Wilkin says the policy implications are far - reaching , indicating that nutrition , rather than ever - increasing doses of physical activity , is the key to tackling childhood obesity .
However many experts believe that exercise does have a role to play in helping children to lose weight .
Professor Andy Ness from Bristol University , who has also examined activity and obesity in children , says the EarlyBird findings are " partly right " .
Academic debate
" In our study we can see evidence that physical activity is predictive of a change in fatness , " he said .
" But that does n't mean there 's not something going on the other way .
We think it 's a combination . "
Dr David Haslam from the National Obesity Forum says the wider health benefits of exercise for children must not be overlooked .
" The EarlyBird team really force us to question our comfortable assumptions regarding childhood obesity .
" What we , as clinicians must do , is nod reverently at their work , learn lessons from it , and re-appraise our own practices accordingly .
" What we should n't do is take the paper at face value and allow lean children to be as lazy as they please , as that would be a catastrophic mistake ! "
In a statement the Department of Health in England said the EarlyBird study provided some " useful messages " .
A spokesperson said : " We will consider this evidence alongside other research which has different findings on the link between physical activity and weight when we are developing our policy to produce better public health outcomes . "
The Ultimate Workout Mix
Suppose you wake up one day and realise that it ’s time to get fit .
Rather than jump right into exercise and risk a deadly ( or at least painful ) injury , you should start with preparation .
No , not stretching .
The first step is to create the ultimate workout mix .
It ’s music that will keep you pumping , running , lifting and sweating .
All exercise needs determination and music , but since determination ca n’t be loaded onto an iPod we ’ll stick with music for now .
I was thinking of calling this the Penultimate Workout Mix because I have a fondness for the word “ penultimate ” and using the word “ ultimate ” sounded arrogant .
However , I figured I would use the word in the sense of it being the last workout list I ’ll make .
As you may notice , the quality of a song did n’t enter the equation .
All I was looking for is something that would keep me exercising .
I also tried to avoid including too many songs from a single artist .
I ’m sure there are still some essentials that missing – let me know .
The list
eye of the tiger - survivor ( could it possibly start with anything else ? ) pump it - black eyed peas lose yourself - eminem superstylin - groove armada black betty - spiderbait ( or ram jam if you ’re feeling classic ) runnin ’ - the pharcyde feel good inc - gorillaz song 2 - blur rockafella skank - fat boy slim hey boy hey girl - the chemical brothers bullet with butterfly wings - smashing pumpkins meds - placebo light surrounding you - evermore joker and the thief - wolfmother lift - shannon noll last night - the strokes american idiot - green day woman - wolfmother thriller - michael jackson alive - pearl jam organ doner - dj shadow fit but you know it - the streets whip it - devo time is running out - muse hollaback girl - gwen stefani smile - lily allen run on - moby block rockin beats - the chemical brothers jump - van halen black dog - led zeppelin blue monday - new order girlfriend - avril lavigne take me out - franz ferdinand straight lines - silverchair freak - silverchair what i’ve done - linkin park black fingernails , red wine - eskimo joe put your hands up for detroit - fedde le grande walkin on sunshine - katrina and the waves superstition - stevie wonder alive and kicking - simple minds boogie wonderland - earth , wind and fire abc - the jackson five na na na na naa - kaiser chiefs firestarter - prodigy breakaway - big pig do n’t stop till you get enough - michael jackson you oughta know - alanis morissette born to run - bruce springsteen open your eyes - snow patrol gonna fly now ( theme from rocky ) - bill conti ( time to climb some steps ) get the party started - p!nk numb / encore - linkin park danger zone - kenny loggins somebody told me - the killers love is a battlefield - pat benatar running - evermore where the streets have no name - u2 you give love a bad name - bon jovi clocks - coldplay start me up - rolling stones eagle rock - daddy cool celebration - kool and the gang crazy - gnarls barkley l.o.v.e - ashley simpson the way you move - outcast magic carpet ride - steppenwolf let forever be - the chemical brothers funky cold medina - tone loc respect - aretha franklin walkin on the sun - smash mouth creeps - camille jones v fedde le grande a message to you rudy - the specials hit me with your best shot - pat benatar are you gonna go my way - lenny kravitz technologic - daft punk my friend - groove armada breed - nirvana welcome to the jungle - guns and roses life is a highway - tom cochrane and red rider play that funky music - wild cherry aisha - death in vegas blister in the sun - violent femmes ray of light - madonna what you waiting for - gwen stefani no one knows - queens of the stone age sabotage - beastie boys keep holding on - avril lavigne work it - missy elliott nutbush - tina turner the power - snap hit me up - gia farrell shine - shannon noll since u been gone - kelly clarkson toxic - britney spears dead eyes open - severed heads jump around - house of pain let me entertain you - robbie williams wo n’t get fooled again - the who ymca - the village people beautiful day - u2 spoonman - soundgarden forever young - youth group all the small things - blink 182 basket case - green day give it away - red hot chilli peppers killing in the name - rage against the machine girl - beck longview - green day tubthumping - chumbawamba monkey wrench - foo fighters footloose - kenny loggins dancing with myself - the donnas everything ’s wonderful - lily allen hey ya - outcast black night - deep purple read my mind - the killers suddenly i see - kt tunstall no limit - 2 unlimited whole lotta love - led zeppelin bizarre love triangle - new order simply the best - tina turner get your freak on - missy elliot buttons - the pussycat dolls the way i are - timbaland do it again - the chemical brothers mama said knock you out - ll cool j dreams - the cranberries nookie - limp bizkit push it - salt n pepa intergalactic - beastie boys shut up and drive - rihanna sk8tr boi - avril lavigne 3 am eternal - the klf i like to move it - real to reel ride on time - black box 100 % pure love - crystal waters in da club - 50 cent daddy cool - boney m milk shake - kelis train - goldfrapp get together - madonna rythym is a dancer - snap sweet escape - gwen stefani legs - zz top pump up the volume - marrs wait a minute - pussycat dolls around the world - daft punk fools gold - the stone roses bittersweet symphony - the verve voodoo people - prodigy i like the way - bodyrockers somebody to love - boogie pimps do n’t call me baby - madison avenue unbelievable - EMF do n’t cha - the pussycat dolls release - timbaland madder - groove armada the distance - cake sweet home alabama - lynyrd skynyrd baba o’riley - the who the race - yellow sunshine of your love - cream i feel love - donna summer promiscuous - nelly furtado flaunt it - tv rock watching you - rogue traders elevation - U2 hot in herre - nelly yeah - usher poison - alice cooper hung up - madonna nothing but a good time - poison speed of sound - coldplay i do n’t feel like dancin - scissor sisters are you gonna be my girl - jet i’m a believer - the monkees catch my disease - ben lee mickey - tony basil six days - dj shadow rock lobster - the b52s panama - van halen switch - will smith holding out for a hero - bonnie tyler rock and roll all night - kiss love me or hate me - lady sovereign love stoned - justin timberlake deja vu - beyonce ooh la la - goldfrapp sos - rihanna smack my bitch up - prodigy trick me - kelis galvanize - the chemical brothers dare - gorillaz do n’t believe the hype - public enemy mr brightside - the killers the nosebleed section - hilltop hoods get ready for this - 2 unlimited midnight blue - lou gramm ca n’t get you out of my head - kylie minogue my love - justin timberlake crazy - seal ironic - alanis morissette setting sun - the chemical brothers take me back to your house - basement jaxx smooth criminal - michael jackson right here , right now - fatboy slim need you tonight - inxs come into my world - kylie minogue say it right - nelly furtado burning up - madonna sexyback - justin timberlake born to be wild - steppenwolf highway to hell - acdc let ’s get it started - black eyed peas u can’t touch this - mc hammer breathe - prodigy ice ice baby - vanilla ice from paris to berlin - infernal crazy in love - beyonce hot stuff - donna summer tribal dance - 2 unlimited foxy lady - jimi hendrix enter sandman - metallica wild thing - tone loc smoke on the water - deep purple oh yeah - yello
You might be thinking that the list is a little long , but that is why my body looks like it has been chiseled from marble – workout to this entire list every day and you too will look like a Greek God .
OK , the only Greek thing my body resembles is souvlaki , but whatever .
Honestly , once I got started making the list I could n’t stop ( and it sure beats exercising ) .
I know I could add another 100 songs without much trouble .
Note : this list is now a few years old and is in desperate need of an update .
I know what you ’re thinking : “ No Ke$ha , is this guy kidding ??!?! ”
Update :
While the Israeli military ’s statement does not make this clear at all , a second American citizen is on their list of five “ confirmed terrorists ” on board the Mavi Marmara .
Fatima Mohammadi , a lawyer from the Chicago area , was accused of transporting “ banned electronic components ” to Gaza , which given the extent of the blockade could be anything from a laptop computer to a cellphone with an unusually good camera .
Mohammadi is listed by Israel as an “ Iranian ” but CBS news in Chicago makes it clear she is an American citizen .
Mohammadi was released without charges and other than a bruise from the butt of an Israeli rifle hitting her arm was apparently unharmed .
She is already back in Chicago .
—
Israel ’s convoluted claims of secret terrorists being on board the Gaza - bound Mavi Marmara aid ship , despite no one being charged with any such crime , took a leap forward today when the Israeli military decided to name names .
Among the official “ terrorists ” named by the Israeli military but mysteriously already released was US citizen and long - time antiwar activist Kenneth O’Keefe , who the military claimed was plotting to “ train and establish Hamas commando units . ”
O’Keefe , a former US Marine and veteran of the first Gulf War , may be remembered by some as the leader of a group of antiwar protesters who went to Iraq in early 2003 , ahead of the US invasion , to organize the Human Shield Action to Iraq .
O’Keefe and some 80 other non-violent activists stayed in Baghdad throughout the initial invasion , holding positions in Iraqi orphanages and hospitals in an attempt to prevent them being attacked by the invading troops .
None of the protesters were injured , and none of the sites they protected were attacked .
Since leaving the US military O’Keefe has been an outspoken advocate of non-violent protest .
He was injured while in Israeli custody , reportedly after being beaten in detention , and is now in an Istanbul hospital recovering .
Soviet military space station program
Line drawing of an Almaz space station
The Almaz ( Russian : Алмаз , " Diamond " ) program was a highly secret Soviet military space station program , begun in the early 1960s .
Three crewed military reconnaissance stations were launched between 1973 and 1976 : Salyut 2 , Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 .
To cover the military nature of the program the three launched Almaz stations were designated as civilian Salyut space stations .
Salyut 2 failed shortly after achieving orbit , but Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 both conducted successful crewed testing .
Following Salyut 5 , the Soviet Ministry of Defence judged in 1978 that the time and resources consumed by station maintenance outweighed the benefits relative to automatic reconnaissance satellites .
The space stations ' cores were known internally as OPS ( Russian : ОПС , GRAU index 11F71 and 11F71B ) , from " Orbital Piloted Station " ( Russian : Орбитальная Пилотируемая Станция ) .
[ 1 ]
As part of the Almaz program , the Soviets developed several spacecraft for support roles — the VA spacecraft , the Functional Cargo Block and the TKS spacecraft — which they planned to use in several combinations . [ 2] [ 3 ]
The heritage of the Almaz program continues , with the ISS module Zarya being one example .[ vague ]
Development [ edit ]
Vladimir Chelomei at the OKB - 52 design bureau promoted Almaz as a response to the US Air Force 's Manned Orbiting Laboratory ( MOL ) project .
MOL had been widely publicized in the US press in the early 1960s , which provided Chelomei plenty of material to use to lobby for a Soviet response .
The Almaz space station programme involved three major hardware components :
Orbital Piloted Station ( OPS , 11F71 ) module , forming the space station itself , [ 1 ]
Functional Cargo Block ( FGB , 11F77 ) , intended as resupply craft for the stations , [ 2 ] and
and VA spacecraft ( 11F74 , known in the West as the Merkur spacecraft ) , intended as launch and return vehicle for the crews , [ 2 ] and reusable for up to 10 flights .
The OPS would have a maximum diameter of 4.15 metres ( 13.6 ft ) , a mass of roughly 20 tonnes ( 20 long tons ; 22 short tons ) , and an internal habitable volume of 47.5 cubic metres ( 1,680 cu ft ) . [ 1 ]
Much like its MOL / Gemini counterpart , the initial Almaz APOS space station design called for the launch of an Almaz - OPS space station and a VA return capsule containing its initial three man crew , mated together as OPS / VA atop Chelomei's UR - 500 Proton rocket .
[ 3 ]
As with MOL / Gemini , once in orbit the crew would access the lab through a hatch in the heat shield at the bottom of the VA capsule .
After an extended stay of 30 to 60 days of military observation and photography the crew would return to Earth by way of a VA return vehicle . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
Unlike the American MOL design , the Soviets designed the Almaz to be recrewed and resupplied .
For this , they created the TKS resupply craft ( 11F72 ) , which consisted of an FGB and a VA return craft to carry the crew , also launched together on a Proton rocket .
At the station , one docking port would be available to receive the TKS craft once the previous crew had left the station in their VA capsule . [ 2 ]
While the MOL was cancelled in 1969 , the Almaz program was integrated into the Salyut programme and resulted in three flown space stations , two of which were crewed successfully .
As " man-rating " the VA spacecraft and the Proton rocket took longer , the first phase called for the launch of three Almaz stations without the VA spacecraft , with the crew instead launched separately by Soyuz rocket in a modified Soyuz spacecraft .
Plans called for the first three Almaz stations to be visited by three two - month - long expeditions each .
This was realized fully by two missions and partially by one ; however , the initial intention of launching Almaz APOS and the TKS spacecraft together with its crew in VA spacecraft would never materialize during the program , and neither would the TKS craft play its intended role as resupply craft .
The Almaz APOS design , without VA spacecraft , would evolve into the Almaz OPS station cores of the Salyut programme . [ 4 ] [ 6 ]
Defense measures [ edit ]
In addition to reconnaissance equipment , Almaz was equipped with a unique 23 mm Rikhter ( factory index 261P or 225P ) rapid - fire cannon mounted on the forward belly of the station .
This revolver cannon was modified from the tail - gun of the Tu - 22 bomber and was capable of a theoretical rate of fire of 1800 - 2000 ( up to 2600 ) rounds per minute .
Each 168 gram ( ammo 23 - OFZ - D- R ) or 173 gram ( ammo 23 - OFZ - G - R ) projectile flew at a speed of 850 m/s relative to the station .
The cannon was tested at the end of the mission by firing 20 rounds , when the station was operating in uncrewed mode .
To aim the cannon , which was on a fixed mounting , the entire station would be turned to face the threat .
[ 7 ]
The Almaz series are the only known armed , crewed military spacecraft ever flown .
Salyut 3/OPS - 2 conducted a successful remote test firing with the station uncrewed due to concerns over excessive vibration and noise .
OPS - 4 was to have featured two rockets instead of the aircraft cannon , but this system has not been shown publicly and may have never been fully manufactured despite it being used experimentally .
Orbital Piloted Stations ( OPS ) [ edit ]
Three Almaz OPS space stations were flown from 1973 to 1976 in the Salyut programme : Salyut 2 ( OPS - 1 ) , Salyut 3 ( OPS - 2 ) and Salyut 5 ( OPS - 3 ) .
Five crewed Soyuz expeditions were flown to the Almaz space stations Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 , with three reaching their stations and only two of the missions being considered fully successful at that time – the three crews that had reached their stations had crewed Almaz stations for a total of 81 days when the program was ended . [ 6 ] [ 8 ]
Besides the three flown space stations OPS - 1 to OPS - 3 , seven more spaceframes of Almaz space stations had been built when the program was cancelled : OPS - 4 , Almaz - 205 , Almaz - 206 , Almaz - T , Almaz - T2 ( Kosmos 1870 ) , Almaz - 1 and Almaz - 2 – with Almaz - T2 and Almaz - 1 having successfully flown as repurposed uncrewed radar - carrying reconnaissance satellites ( see below ) .
The partially outfitted hulls of Almaz - 205 and Almaz -206 are today in the property of Excalibur Almaz , a company that plans to launch these as crewed space stations ( see below ) . [ 9 ]
Flown Almaz space stations [ edit ]
The first Almaz station ( OPS - 1 or Almaz 101.1 ) was launched on April 3 , 1973 .
For purposes of military secrecy , it was publicly designated Salyut 2 upon reaching orbit .
A crew was prepared to fly to the station but an accident days after the launch left OPS - 1 disabled and depressurized . [ 10 ]
OPS - 2 ( or Almaz 101.2 ) , announced as Salyut 3 , was launched on June 25 , 1974 .
The crew of the Soyuz 14 spacecraft spent 15 days aboard the station in July 1974 .
A second expedition was launched toward OPS - 2 in August 1974 , but failed to reach the station .
The station successfully remotely test - fired an onboard aircraft cannon at a target satellite while the station was uncrewed .
Salyut - 3 was deorbited in January 1975 . [ 8 ]
OPS - 3 ( or Almaz 103 ) , announced after launch as Salyut 5 , entered orbit on June 22 , 1976 .
It was visited by two crews in mid-1976 and late 1977 .
Salyut 5 was deorbited on 8 August 1977 , and broke up as it reentered the Earth 's atmosphere . [ 11 ]
Unflown Almaz space stations [ edit ]
The next Almaz station , OPS - 4 , was to be the first station launched with a three panel Mech - A synthetic - aperture radar and a crewed reusable Return Vehicle VA , however the VA was replaced by a second TKS docking port .
This station 's Shchit - 1 23 mm defense cannon was also to be replaced with an advanced Shchit - 2 space - to - space cannon .
The Shchit - 2 was reported to be a two projectile system , although no photographs of it have ever been published and it does not appear that this system was ever installed on the station .
OPS - 4 was grounded when the Almaz crewed program was cancelled .
Almaz radar satellite ( based on Almaz space station ) .
Following cancellation of the program , the Almaz station was reconfigured as an uncrewed heavy radar - carrying reconnaissance satellite .
Three such satellites were launched , two of which functioned successfully in orbit . [ 12 ]
Almaz - T – The first Almaz - T blasted off from Baikonur on October 29 , 1986 .
It did not reach orbit due to the failure of the first and second stages of the Proton launcher to separate .
The safety system then destroyed the vehicle .
Kosmos 1870 – On July 25 , 1987 , Almaz - T2 , the second Almaz - T spacecraft , successfully reached orbit with an inclination 71.92 degrees toward the Equator and it was officially identified as Kosmos - 1870 .
The spacecraft functioned for two years , providing radar imagery with a resolution down to 25 meters , until it was deorbited on July 30 , 1989 .
It was the first commercial radar satellite , according to Art Dula ( chairman of Excalibur Almaz ) , who worked in a company marketing the radar images gathered by the satellite . [ 13 ]
Almaz - 1 – The third Almaz - T spacecraft was launched on March 31 , 1991 , under the name Almaz - 1 .
After the launch a failure of the communications antenna designed to downlink the imagery via the Luch relay satellite was noted .
Also one of the solar panels failed to deploy completely , leaving the main radar panel of the spacecraft partially blocked .
After 18 months of successful work the Almaz - 1 was deorbited on October 17 , 1992 , over the Pacific Ocean.[ clarification needed ]
Almaz - 2 ( Almaz - 1V ) – Not flown .
It had a new radar that would have provided a resolution of 5 to 7 meters .
In addition , an optical - electronic payload on the station would have been capable of producing imagery with a resolution of 2.5 – 4 meters .
Heritage [ edit ]
The heritage of the Almaz space station program continues until today , and can even be found today in the International Space Station .
DOS space station cores [ edit ]
The DOS space station core modules were based on the Almaz - OPS hull design , which was mated by Sergei Korolev 's organization OKB - 1 with their own Soyuz - derived subsystems .
OKB - 1 was at that time in competition with the designer of the Almaz , Vladimir Chelomei 's organization OKB - 52 , and was thereby able to short - cut the development time for the first space station and beat OKB - 52 , which had started design work much earlier . [ 14 ]
DOS space station cores derived since 1971 from the Almaz - OPS hull design include :
Functional Cargo Block ( FGB ) [ edit ]
The modules based on the DOS design are not the only heritage of the Almaz program still in use :
The habitat , propulsion and service module of the TKS spacecraft , the so - called Functional Cargo Block ( FGB ) , went on to become the core of many Soviet and Russian space station modules .
[ 2 ]
The FGB - based Kvant - 1 module of the Mir space station was the first space station module of its kind , and the Zarya Functional Cargo Block , which is as of 2018 still in use on the International Space Station .
Excalibur Almaz [ edit ]
The private spaceflight company Excalibur Almaz has bought the two partially completed Almaz - 205 and Almaz - 206 space station hulls from the Russian NPO Mashinostroyeniya ( the former OKB - 52 ) with the stated intention to outfit and launch them . [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ]
The Almaz - 205 module is similar to the OPS - 2 of the Salyut 3 station , while the Almaz - 206 is closer to the OPS - 3 of the Salyut 5 station . [ 20 ]
In addition , Excalibur Almaz acquired four VA return capsule hulls ( derived from the TKS / VA spacecraft ) and plans to outfit and launch them as well : one is planned to be used in support of space tourism while the other three capsules are reserved for scientific and commercial payloads .
The needed development of propulsion systems for the VA capsule was reportedly delegated to an unnamed European organization as early as 2009 . [ 17 ]
Excalibur Almaz as of January 2012 postponed its first launch to 2015 to be able to include more lucrative deep space capabilities like asteroid mining .
[ 21 ]
However , in 2015 the company was reported to be in problems , and it was not clear what happened to their spacecraft . [ 22 ]
See also [ edit ]
TKS , the resupply craft developed for Almaz and Salyut
Bank of the Universe , edited by Boltenko A. C. , Kiev , 2014 . , publishing house " Phoenix " , ISBN 978-966-136-169-9
Editor 's note : Pete Cashmore is founder and CEO of Mashable , a popular blog about social media .
He writes a weekly column about social networking and tech for CNN.com .
( CNN ) -- Google is working on a social service to rival Facebook , if Web rumors are to be believed .
And while Google 's social - networking efforts have so far fallen flat , even satisfied Facebook users should hope that the search engine 's efforts bear fruit .
First , to the rumor : A now - deleted Tweet last weekend from entrepreneur Kevin Rose claimed that Google is working on a Facebook competitor called " Google Me . "
That claim gained credence as former Facebook CTO Adam D'Angelo weighed in .
Posting a response on the question - and - answer service Quora , D'Angelo wrote : " This is not a rumor .
This is a real project .
There are a large number of people working on it .
I am completely confident about this . "
Google , he added , is threatened by Facebook 's rise to prominence and feels the need to build a social network of its own .
The Facebook threat
The search giant has legitimate cause for concern .
As I wrote in this column two months ago , Facebook is gathering masses of data through its recently launched " Likes " feature , which lets Web visitors express interest in a piece of content .
More than 50,000 websites implemented this " Like button " in the week after it launched , providing Facebook with a treasure trove of data about the preferences of Web users .
This data could form the basis of a powerful search engine , ranking Web pages by " Likes " rather than the links that Google relies upon .
What 's more , Facebook could serve up different search results to each user based on the preferences of his or her friends .
It gets worse for Google .
Facebook 's mountain of personal data could also provide the backbone of an ad network many times more targeted than Google 's keyword - based advertising .
If Facebook were to launch both a search engine and ad network , it could put a significant dent in Google 's more than $ 23 billion in annual revenue .
But Google should n't be the only party concerned about Facebook 's rapid ascent -- the lack of a Facebook alternative is a threat to consumer choice , providing no escape route when things turn sour .
No real alternative
Facebook 's privacy issues over recent months have opened our eyes to a grim reality :
There is no real alternative .
While dissatisfied MySpace users hopped over to Facebook , there is no truly competitive social network to which disgruntled Facebook users can elope .
The demand for a legitimate alternative is so great that a project called Diaspora was able to raise more than $ 200,000 from Web users to develop its " privacy aware , personally controlled , do - it - all , open source social network . "
Until such a rival emerges , Facebook has little incentive to maintain user trust -- the only option available to unhappy Facebookers is to delete their accounts and lose contact with their friends .
Google 's social stumbles
Alas , Google has a dismal track record when it comes to social networks .
Orkut , an early social - networking effort , has seen success in Brazil , but in the U.S. it 's virtually unheard of .
Google Friend Connect , a possible rival to the recently renamed Facebook Connect , went nowhere .
Open Social , a challenge to Facebook Apps , has been forgotten .
And Google Buzz , a recent attempt to add Twitter - like status updates to Gmail , flopped -- and generated a regrettable privacy backlash for the company .
Google , the narrative goes , is exquisitely talented at solving problems with algorithms .
But when it comes to the touchy - feely stuff -- like human interaction -- it falls flat .
Getting behind Google
So while it 's definitely a long shot , it 's time to rally behind Google .
If the search giant is able to pull off a half - decent Facebook rival , the fast - growing social network will finally have a competitor to keep its power in check .
That would be a win not just for Google , but for the Web as a whole .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pete Cashmore .
Home Nikola Tesla " Lost " Manuscript ?
Not Verified as being authentic or not .
Read it for yourself ..
Submitted by esaruoho on March 18 , 2006 - 16:19 http://lofi.forum.physorg.com/Nikola-Tesla&%2339%3Bs-%22%3Blost%22%3B-th... google search on this Hi all ,
The introduction below explains the rest of the article , and I have made some comments at the end of the post .
Apologies , I know I mentioned this a few weeks ago and some people had expressed interest in reading it .
The author 's introduction and postscript are done in italics to differentiate from the manuscript .
So here you are , without further ado :
------------------------------------------------------------------
Introduction
This manuscript has been loaned to me by my acquaintance .
During his stay in the USA he bought an old fire - helmet , which was on sale in the streets of New York .
There was an old writing book inside this helmet , apparently used as a lining .
The writing book had thin and partially burned covers producing the smell of mould .
All its yellowing sheets were full of notes written in ink faded under the influence of time .
In parts the ink has lost its color to such a degree that some of the letters can only be guessed at on the yellowed paper .
In other places , large parts of the text have been completely spoiled by water , having been transformed into white ink stains .
In addition , all the sheets have been burned on the edges and as a result some words are irretrievably lost .
I own a computer and therefore it was not difficult to translate this manuscript .
Right after it was translated I understood that it belonged to famous inventor , Nikola Tesla , who lived and worked in the USA .
There has been a lot of work done to put the translated text into final form .
Those who have dealt with computer translation software will understand me entirely .
I had many problems arising from the lost words and sentences .
I could never understand many minor but probably very important details of the manuscript .
I hope , however , this manuscript will open some mysteries of history and the universe .....
Part 1 .
You are wrong , Mr. Einstein – ether does exist !
They say much about the Einstein ’s theory now .
According to Einstein the ether does not exist and many people agree with him .
But it is a mistake in my opinion .
Ether ’s opponents refer to the experiments of Maykelson – Morli ( ed : Michelson - Morley ) who made attempts to detect the Earth ’s movement relative to the fixed - bed ether .
These experiments failed , however it did n’t mean the ether ’s non-existence .
I always based as fact the existence of mechanical ether in my works and therefore I could achieve positive success .
What is the ether and why is it so difficult to detect it ?
I reflected on this matter for a seriously long time and here are the outcomes I have been led to : I think that all the contradictions about whether the ether exists or not are the result of wrong interpretation of ether ’s properties .
The ether has always been presented as an aeroform environment .
That was the essential mistake .
The ether has a very strong density .
It is known that of more dense a substance , the higher is the speed of wave propagation within it .
When comparing acoustic speed in the air and the light speed I have drawn a conclusion that ether density is several thousand times higher than air density .
It is not the ether that is aeroform but the material world is an aeroform to the ether !
But as the ether is electrically neutral it very poorly interacts with the material world .
Notwithstanding that poor interaction we still can feel the ether ’s existence .
A good example for such an interaction becomes apparent in gravitation , which should rather be named universal compression .
I think the material bodies do not gravitate between each other but it is the ether that makes one material body to press to another .
We wrongly call this phenomena gravitation .
We can also feel ether ’s reaction when sudden acceleration or braking .
The stars , planets and all the universe appeared from the ether when some part of it , due to certain reasons , became less dense .
It can be compared with formation of blebs in boiling water although such a comparison is only rough .
The ether tries to return itself to its initial state by compressing our world , but intrinsic electric charge within material the world substance obstructs this .
It is similar to that when the water compresses blebs filled with hot water steam .
Until the steam does get cold the water is unable to compress the bleb .
With time , having lost the intrinsic electric charge , our world will be compressed with the ether and is going to turn into ether .
Having come out of the ether once - so it will go back into the ether .
Density of substance of material world strongly differs from the density and physical properties of the ether .
Therefore , the ether cannot remain in a fixed - bed state around material bodies and under certain circumstances there will be an ether whirlwind appearing around material bodies .
Hence , we can explain the reason for failure of the Maykelson – Morli ( ed : Michelson - Morley ) experiment .
In order to understand it let ’s carry the experiment over to a water environment .
Try to imagine that our boat is twirled within a huge whirlpool .
We will try to detect water motion relatively to the boat .
We will not find any movement as the speed of the boat will be equal to the rate of water movement .
In our imagination let ’s replace the boat with the Earth , and the whirlpool – by ether whirlwind , which revolves around the Sun .
The example shows clearly that when on the Earth one can not detect the Earth ’s movement relatively to the ether as the rate of Earth ’s movement will be equal to the rate of ether movement .
In my researches I always adhere the principle that all nature 's phenomena show themselves equally whichever physical environment they would happen in .
The waves exist in the water , air , ... and radio–waves and the light is the waves in the ether .
Einstein ’s assertion of non-existence of the ether is erroneous .
It is difficult to imagine radio - wave and light transmission without ether .
Einstein says that there is no ether and at the same time , practically he proves its existence .
For example , let ’s consider the speed of the passage of light .
Einstein states that the velocity of light does not depend on the rate of movement of the light source .
It ’s correct .
But this principle can exist only when the light source is in a certain physical environment ( ether ) , which cuts down velocity of light due to its properties .
Ether ’s substance cuts down the velocity of light in the same way as air substance cuts down the acoustic speed .
If the ether did not exist then velocity of light would strongly depend on the rate of movement of the light source .
Having clarified what is the ether is I began to compare phenomena occurring in the water , air and ether .
And here an opportunity occurred to help me in my researches .
Once I saw to a sailor who was smoking a pipe .
He was exhaling smoke in the form of little rings .
Smoke rings flew pretty far away before they got broken .
Then I investigated this phenomena in the water .
I took a metal jar and carved out a small vent on one side and pulled on thin leather on another side .
I poured some ink into the jar and lowered it onto a pool .
When harshly hit the leather ink-rings flew out of the jar crossing over the pool and got broken having bumped into its wall , producing substantial motions of water at the pool ’s wall .
At the same time , the water in the pool kept being quiet .
- “ This method can be used to transfer energy ” , …-
I understand what is ball lightning and how to transfer energy long range without using wires .
Einstein tries to explain light movement when no ether environment by Plank quantum hypothesis .
Will Einstein be able to explain ball lightning phenomena when without the existence of ether ?
There is no possibility of explaining ball lightning phenomena without ether !
Based on these investigations I have constructed a generator , which could generate ether vortical [ vortice ?
G - fs ] rings , which I called ether vortical objects .
It was my achievement .
I was in euphoria .
It seemed to me like I could do everything .
I promised the world not having completely studied this phenomena and took severe punishment for that .
I was not financed any more but what the most unpleasant thing was that I was not trusted anymore .
TheeEuphoria has changed to deep depression .
And I dared to start my crazy experiment then .
Part 2 .
I will keep the secret of my invention until I die
After my failures I became more self - restrained in making promises …
During my work with ether vortical objects I understood that they behave not in the manner I thought before .
It turned out that when vortical objects passed near metal objects they lost their energy and collapsed , sometimes exploding .
Deep Earth layers have absorbed their energy as strongly as the metal did .
So , I could transmit energy only within small distances .
I paid attention to the Moon then .
If ether vortical objects are sent to the Moon , they will return back to the Earth very far from the transmitter , having been reflected from electrostatic field .
As the hade [ ? ] is equal to the angle of reflection , then energy could be transmitted over very long distances , even to other parts of the Earth .
I carried out several experiments transmitting energy towards the Moon .
Through these experiments I discovered that the Earth is surrounded by an electric field .
This field kept destroying faint ether vortical objects .
Ether vortical objects possessing big energy , burst through electric field of the Earth and extended into interplanetary space .
And right here , the idea came to my mind that if I can create a resonance system between the Earth and the Moon , then power of the transmitter may be very small while the energy derived out of this system could be considerable .
Having made the calculations on how much energy can be derived I was surprised at it .
The calculations showed that the energy derived from this system is enough to fully destroy a big city .
For the first time at that moment I realized that my system could represent a danger for the mankind .
However , I still greatly wanted to carry out my experiment .
Secretly , from everyone , I began to thoroughly prepare my crazy experiment .
First of all , I needed to select the place for my experiment .
The Arctic Zone did the best location for it .
There were no people there and I would injure no - one .
But the calculation showed that with the Moon being at its present position , the ether vortical object could strike Siberia , but people live there .
I went to the library and began to study the information concerning Siberia .
The information was very small but , however , I saw that there are almost no people in Siberia .
I should keep my experiment a deep secret , otherwise the consequences could prove to be very unpleasant for me and for all mankind .
I always worry about one question : ' Will my discoveries be for the good of the people ? '
Because it had been known for a long time that the people used all inventions to extirpate the similar ones .
The fact that much of my equipment in my laboratory has been dismantled to that moment considerably contributed to keeping my secret .
However , I could save the equipment I required for my experiment .
I alone assembled a new transmitter out of this equipment and connected it up to the emitter .
The experiment with such a big quantity of energy could be very dangerous .
If I made a mistake in my calculations the energy of ether vortical object would strike astern .
That ’s why I was not in the laboratory but two miles outside it .
The work of my installation had been operating by clockwork .
The principle of the experiment was rather simple .
In order to better understand its principle it is necessary to grasp first what are the ether vortical object and ball lightning .
Basically , they are the same .
The only difference is that the ball lightning is a visible ether object .
Visibility of ball lightning is provided by fluorescence of charged air particles .
It could be compared with ink coloring of water vortical particles in my experiment in the pool .
In order to create a resonant Earth – Moon system it was necessary to create a concentration of charged particles between the Earth and the Moon .
For that , I used a property of ether vortical objects to capture and transfer charged particles .
The generator has emanated the ether vortical objects towards the Moon .
When passing through the electric field of the Earth , ether vortical objects have captured charged particles within it .
As an electrostatic field of the Moon has the same polarity as an electric field of the Earth , the ether vortical objects have been reflected from it and this time , again returned to the Earth at another angle .
After returning to the Earth the ether vortical objects have been reflected again by electric field of the Earth back to the Moon …
That was the way , by which the Earth – Moon resonant system has been occupied by charged particles .
When the required concentration of charge particles in resonant Earth – Moon system was achieved it has been energized itself at its own resonant frequency .
The energy million times assisted by resonance properties of the system was being changed into ether vortical object of a huge power within the electric field of the Earth .
However , it was only my guesswork , and I did n’t know how it would be in reality .
I remember very well the day of experiment .
The estimated time came near .
Minutes dragged on so slowly and seemed as if they were years .
I thought I would go crazy of this waiting .
At last , the estimated time came and … nothing happened !
Another five minutes passed but nothing unusual took place .
Various theories came into my head : maybe the clockwork has n’t worked , or the system has n’t snapped into action , and maybe nothing must happen at all .
I was on the verge of insanity .
And suddenly …
It seemed to me that the light has grown dark for a moment and a strange feeling was being sensed throughout all my body - as if thousands of needles were piercing my body .
Soon everything was over but there was an unpleasant metallic after - taste left in my mouth .
All my muscles had become relaxed and there was a buzzing in my head .
I felt totally worn out .
When I returned to my laboratory I found that it was practically intact , just there was a strong smell of burning in the air ...
And again , agonizing suspense had seized me , as I did n't know the results of my experiment .
And only later on , having read about unusual phenomena in the newspapers , did I realize what a dreadful arm I have created .
Of course , I expected that it would be a very heavy explosion .
But , it has not been even an explosion - it has been a catastrophe !
After that experiment I determined that I would keep the secret of my invention until I die .
Of course , I knew that someone else could easily repeat this crazy experiment .
But this would require the acknowledgement that the ether exists but our scientific world moves further and further away from the truth .
I am even grateful to Einstein and others because through their erroneous theories they lead mankind away from that dangerous path I followed .
And , probably , this is their only merit .
Perhaps , in about one hundred years , when reason prevails over the brute , my invention will serve for welfare of people .
Part 3 .
Flying machine
My hypothesis that gravitation is a compression of material bodies by ether has recently been confirmed experimentally .
When working with the generator of ether vortical objects I observed one very odd phenomena .
When it 's turned on I could feel a wind blowing towards the generator .
I decided to investigate this phenomena .
I rolled up several newspapers before igniting and immediately extinguishing them .
There was a thick smoke coming from newspapers .
With these reeky newspapers I went around the generator .
The smoke came to the generator from any spot of the laboratory .
And the smoke disappeared near to the generator .
At first , I thought the reason relates to electrostatics .
But having considered this phenomena I concluded : electrostatics could not be able to cause these phenomena at such a long distance from the generator .
Then I supposed : - the Generator lessens the compression of ether through impact to the ether ( gravity ) !
I constructed big scales to make sure of it .
One side of the scales was positioned over the generator .
In order to exclude any electromagnetic influence of the generator the scales were made out of highly dried wood .
In order to protect against electrostatic field of the generator the scales were worked up by graphite powder .
After I accurately balanced the scales I turned on the generator .
The side of scales that was over the generator began rapidly to go up .
I turned on the generator .
The scales went down .
I turned off the generator .
The scales went down and began to swing until it was fully balanced out .
I loaded the scales with the ballast and changed its capacity and operating mode striving for its balance .
After these experiments I planned to build a flying machine , which could fly not only in the air but within interplanetary space .
The principle of operation of the flying machine is as follows : towards the flight direction , compression of the ether is to become weaker by the generator installed in the flying machine .
As the ether keeps pressing with prior intensity from all other sides , then the flying machine began moving .
Being within this flying machine you will not feel its speeding - up as the ether is not to hamper your movement .
I had to abandon my plans to create the flying machine .
There were two reasons for it : first , I have no money to work in secret .
But the main reason is that the great war began in Europe and I would n’t like my inventions used to kill !
When on earth will these madmen stop ?
Postscript .
You read a brief version of the manuscript of Nicola Tesla .
This manuscript version is aimed at a broad audience , therefore there are no details in it understandable only to the specialists .
You should n’t search for any style similarity of Tesla ’s entry with his other known documents in this manuscript version .
You should n’t forget that this manuscript has been translated by computer , and besides that the condition of the notebook was very bad .
However , I tried to convey the main point of Tesla ’s notes with the utmost accuracy .
Unfortunately , there was a great deal of damage through water effect of that manuscript passage where the generator of ether vortical objects was described .
But , nevertheless , from these scraps of data I could understand the principle of work of this generator .
However , there is a shortage of several details to have an entire representation .
In Tesla ’s manuscript there is information about the biological impact of metal rings to animate nature .
There is a way of processing metal wire by alternative current provided in this part of the manuscript .
After such processing the metal wire is stranded into a circle designed to kill microbes and protect people against diseases .
I tried this method myself .
As a result , I did n’t get ill with flu during the last two winters , although I had a flu very often before .
In the unknown manuscript of Nicola Tesla there is the following phrase : - The light moves in straight lines , the ether – around the circle so the leaps arise hereby .
–
Apparently , by using this phrase , Tesla tried to explain why the light moves by leaps .
In modern physics this phenomena is called a quantum leap .
Further in the manuscript there is an explanation of this phenomena but it is a little fuzzy .
So I will present my reconstruction of the explanation of this phenomena out of conserved words and sentences .
In order to better understand the reason of leap light movement let ’s imagine the boat spinning within a huge whirlpool .
We will install the generator in this boat .
As the rate of movement of external and internal areas of the whirlpool is different then the waves from the generator will move by leaps when passing these areas .
The same phenomena we can observe with the light when it passes ether whirlwind .
There is a description of the principle of getting energy using ether vortical objects in the manuscript .
But it also was greatly damaged by the water .
That ’s why I will present my own reconstruction of the text .
This reconstruction is based on separate words and phrases of the unknown manuscript , as well as in other publications of Nicola Tesla .
Therefore , I cannot guarantee exact coincidence of the manuscript text reconstruction to the original .
To understand the method of receiving energy with use of ether vortical objects let ’s imagine a huge bleb swimming in the water .
This bleb is very stable as it is squeezed by the water from every quarter and it is influenced by the force of radial compression .
How can we extract the energy out of this bleb ?
For this we have to break its stability .
It can be done by water whirlwind or if the bleb ’s side will be hit by water vortical ring .
If using ether vortical object we carry out the same thing with any material body and the result is we will get huge surge of energy .
I will present an example : when ball lightning touches any object the result is a huge energy liberation and sometimes an explosion .
-------------------------------------------------------------------
I read this off the webpage of the guy who posted this information .
It 's secondhand information at best , but I would like to know what all you physics guys think about the theories presented in this supposed manuscript .
Regardless of its validity , I enjoyed reading this enough to copy it to a Word document more than two years ago for the opportunity to show it to someone (s ) smarter than me and who possibly could test this type of stuff out .
Hardcore gamers are always looking for another way to get a leg - up on their competition .
There are performance products for nearly everything imaginable , now including eyewear .
Unfortunately , a lot of these products are only marketing hype and fail to produce the results that are promised .
So , when I first opened the packaging of the Gunnar Optiks Phenom glasses , I was admittedly skeptical if I would notice any difference when wearing them .
But , I am a firm believer in “ do n’t knock it till you try it ” , so I was more than willing to test them extensively for a few weeks .
About Gunnar Optiks
Gunnar Optiks is the brain - child of Jennifer Michelson , who , after seeing her husband struggle with his vision during computer use , was concerned about her son following in the same footsteps .
The company gets it ’s name from her oldest son , Gunnar .
It was co-founded with Joe Croft in 2005 .
Joe has worked for several companies doing product design and creation .
Possibly his most relevant experience is the almost 10 years spent at Oakley .
Gunnar produces both indoor and outdoor “ performance eyewear ” glasses aimed at people who view computer screens often .
The computer in this sense includes cell phones and other digital devices that seem to rule our lives now .
Attache Phenom
Gunnar Optiks has a large selection of different styles to meet everyones personal tastes .
I was able to test the Phenom glasses from the Attache line .
The lenses have their i-AMP technology which aims to ease eye strain and increase clarity .
This technology is comprised of several other proprietary components : Neoscopic tuning , fRACTYL lens geometry , diAMIX lens material , i-FY lens coatings , and iONik lens tints .
While these are mainly spunky marketing terms , the combination of the individual technologies does make a well - rounded product .
From what I can tell , the Neoscopic tuning means the lenses have a slight magnification to them , much like reading glasses .
The fRACTYL lens geometry is much like my Oakley ski goggles , providing a completely undistorted lens .
The diAMIX lens material is a special plastic lens .
The i-FY lens coatings are anti-glare , anti-reflective , scratch - resistant , and smudge - resistant .
Last , but not least , the iONik lens tints are simply the lens colors which are available .
Comfort
Wearing the Phenoms was a pleasure .
They are very light weight and I barely noticed I had them on .
I had no discomfort wearing these more than 8 hours a day , every day , during my testing .
The nose piece is completely adjustable , too , adding to the comfort .
Build Quality
The build quality of the glasses is great .
My favorite part of them is the spring hinges on the arms .
These are a great feature that not only make it easier to put on and take off the glasses , but also keep the arms from being deformed while doing so .
The metal frames are very strong and ding resistant .
I made a mental note to myself to not be too careful when handling them and I have n’t noticed any visible wear on them yet .
The lenses did not scratch during my normal use , too .
Performance
Overall , I thought the glasses performed very well .
They definitely took some getting used to at first because there seems to be a slight magnification to the lenses .
I had to sit slightly closer to my computer screen because of this .
Normally , I like to sit a little farther than arms length away when I ’m at my desktop , which is approximately 35 inches .
When wearing the glasses , I found I had to sit around 25 inches away to view the screen correctly .
This distance works perfectly for me when using my laptop .
Amber lenses are certainly not a new idea to help improve visual contrast .
Marksmen have been using amber lenses for years .
Personally though , I did not notice any contrast difference using the Gunnars .
At the same time , the amber color did not hinder my game play at all .
The only issue I could not remedy was that the anti-reflective coating on the lenses did not work well enough .
I tried several different lighting situations ( natural sun light , incandescent bulbs , fluorescent bulbs ) , but in each I had a reflection of my eyes staring back at me , which is very hard to adjust to .
Final Thoughts
I definitely would not suggest that everyone run out and buy a pair of Gunnar glasses .
I would , however , recommend them to people who are sitting in front of a computer screen for 8 hours or more every day .
Gamers and professionals who use computers for a major part of their job may consider buying a pair of Gunnars , especially if they experience pain related to long hours spent staring at a computer screen .
So , even though I had a few issues with them , I think the Gunnar eyewear did live up to the majority of their claims and worked well .
– splat
More Images
LONDON --
Fans hoping to bring the distinctive drone of the vuvuzela back to England from the World Cup face disappointment after several Premier League clubs banned the trumpets from their stadiums .
Although the Premier League has not made any ruling on the vuvuzela covering its 20 teams , Tottenham banned the South African instrument late Monday .
Arsenal , Birmingham , Everton , Fulham , Liverpool , West Ham and Sunderland followed Tuesday , with most citing concern that the distinctive blaring of the vuvuzelas could prevent spectators at matches from hearing safety announcements such as evacuation instructions .
" Following discussions with the police and representatives from the local licensing authorities , the club will not be permitting vuvuzelas or similar instruments into White Hart Lane on match days , " Tottenham said .
" We are concerned that the presence of the instruments within the stadium pose unnecessary risks to public safety . "
Vuvuzelas at the recently concluded World Cup annoyed plenty of television viewers around the world by drowning out television commentary and other crowd noise .
But many enjoyed the local flavor they added to the monthlong tournament .
The trumpets were a common souvenir for visiting supporters to take home from the World Cup , but with Arsenal following its north London neighbor in imposing a ban , half of last season 's top four clubs have ordered fans to leave them at home .
" Vuvuzelas [ are ] not welcome at Emirates Stadium , " Arsenal said .
" This decision has been taken to ensure the enjoyment and safety of supporters on match days , which is of paramount importance to the club . "
Birmingham said it consulted supporters and health and safety authorities before banning the trumpet , while Sunderland will turn away the vuvuzela because it does not permit any musical instruments into its Stadium of Light .
Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press
The Devils have re-signed potential restricted free agent David Clarkson , according to several sources .
According to TSN , the deal is for three year deal at a total of $ 8 million .
He ’ll make $ 2 million this season , and $ 3 million in the final two years of the contract .
“ I ’ve very excited and happy about the way things went and looking forward to the season , ” Clarkson said to Tom Gulitti of the Bergen Record .
“ My agent and Mr. Lamoriello have been talking for a while . ”
Clarkson , who missed a total of 36 games dealing with ankle injuries , registered 11 goals and 13 assists in 46 games .
Clarkson ’s new contract gives him a big raise from his last deal .
Last season , in the final of a two - year contract , Clarkson made $ 875,000 .
If he did not sign by July 5 , the winger would have been eligible for arbitration .
Clarkson never wanted to reach the arbitration stage .
“ I do n’t think you have ever want to have to go into arbitration or have to do any of that , ” he said .
“ I ’m glad that all the cards fell into place and excited for what ’s ahead . ”
THE CIRCUMCISION REFERENCE LIBRARY
When studies are grouped based on the prevalence of circumcision in the community ( excluding those studies using religion or degree of circumcision as a substitute for circumcision status ) , non-circumcised men were more likely to contract HIV if they were in the minority ( OR=3.06 , 95 % CI=2.72-3.46 ) .
However , if non-circumcised men were in the majority , the presence of the foreskin was not a risk factor ( OR=1.01 , 95 % CI=0.93-1.11 ) .
Minority groups are often at higher risk for disease because of economic disadvantages and increased exposure .
this result reflects this well recognized trend .
In an attempt to put these conflicting data into perspective , a meta - analysis was performed .
Data was taken from all of the studies published in peer - reviewed medical journals .
Two published studies provided their conclusions without providing data .
One study found no significant association 41 , one did 9 .
Two of the included studies equated being Muslim with being circumcised 44,45 , although religious preference in Africa does not always correlate with circumcision status 7 , 43 .
Another equated the presence of a long residual foreskin , following circumcision , with not being circumcised 14 .
Although these may be erroneous assumptions , the inclusion or exclusion of these studies did not affect the overall outcome .
The data are presented in Table 2 .
The combined data from the studies looking at high - risk populations found non-circumcised males to be at greater risk ( OR=1.18 , 95 % CI=1.26-1.59 ) , but only 11.7 % of HIV infections could be attributed to the presence of the foreskin .
Combining the partner study data yielded similar results ( OR=1.42 , 95 % CI=1.26-1.59 ) , while combining the random population surveys found non-circumcised men to be at significantly lower risk of acquisition or transmission of HIV ( OR=0.94 , 95 % CI=0.77-0.97 ) .
When the raw numbers are accumlated from all of the published studies , having a foreskin significantly decreases the risk of acquisition or transmission of HIV ( OR=0.94 , 95 % CI=0.89-0.99 ) , although the impact is small .
The weakness of applying the raw numbers in such a fashion are that the studies with large numbers dominate , and confounding factors cannot be accurately accounted for .
The most reliable study design is the random population survey .
Several of these have been performed in Africa , 26 , 37 - 46 with several of the studies demonstrating the circumcised male to be at greater risk for HIV infection ( Table 2 ) .
Partner Studies were performed to see if any attributes of HIV - infected women were contributing factors 31 - 36 .
Most failed to show the foreskin to be a significant factor ( Table 2 ) .
A study population and controls derived from the clientele of STD clinics do not reflect the population as a whole and introduce a population bias that may be in part responsible for the results seen .
To generalize the results of studies conducted in STD clinics , one must assume that circumcised and non-circumcised men use these health facilities in the same manner .
This , however , is not the case as socioeconomic and cultural factors often differ between the two groups .
It is possible that circumcised men exhibit different health - seeking behaviour than non-circumcised men .
If , for example , circumcised men are more likely to seek care for minor genital symptoms , they would be over - represented in the control population .
This would cause the association between the foreskin and various STDs including HIV infection to be overestimated , if not spuriously generated 29 .
The two studies from STD clinics in India both found that the foreskin was associated with HIV infection 27,28 , but the differences were non-significant in one study 28 .
In STD clinic studies conducted in the United States , there have been two abstracts and 2 studies published .
The results have been mixed .
While one abstract found an association between the foreskin and HIV infection 20 , the other did not .
21 Similarly , the studies published in peer - reviewed journals included one study that showed no significance 22 , and one that did .
23
In the one that did , the investigators relied on patient report to determine circumcision status .
While the authors felt that it was unlikely that substantial misclassification occurred , reported positive predictive values of a male stating his penis is circumcised have been 35.5 % 24 , 41.5 % 25 , and 69.4 % 26 .
If the 41.5 positive predictive value is applied to this patient population , the correlation becomes smaller and non-significant ( OR=1.15 , 95 % CI=0.79-1.68 ) .
Compared to the other risk factors studied , the foreskin was a minor player .
Despite receiving a lot of attention following its publication in The Lancet , several methodological limitations are present in Cameron 's analysis .
For example , a selection bias may have resulted from a disproportionate number of circumcised men being lost to follow - up 18 .
A substantial proportion of seroconversions may have been missed by including patients with only 2 weeks of follow - up 19 .
If the proportion of missed seroconversions differed between circumcised and non-circumcised men , further bias may have been introduced .
What consistently appears throughout all of these studies is the strong correlation between genital ulcer disease and HIV infection .
There is also a correlation between genital ulcer disease and the foreskin in many of the studies .
However , when multivariate analysis was performed on several of the studies , the foreskin as a factor was no longer significant 12,13 , suggesting that the genital ulcer disease rather than the foreskin facilitated the transmission of HIV .
Most of the positive studies from Africa have been performed at STD clinics 10 - 17 , and have yielded mixed results .
When comparing data collected by the same investigational group , findings to the degree described by Cameron et al.
11 , that men with foreskins were more likely to be HIV infected and more likely to acquire an HIV infection if not already infected could not be replicated in the study by Nassio et al.
16 , even though the Nassio study involved twice as many patients .
As with the previous map studies , this analysis ignores a number of important risk factors including cultural sexual practices .
The results illustrate the inaccuracy and lack of power associated with this type of investigation .
Applying the same methodology used in these studies to first world countries produces the opposite result .
If the World Health Organization data from 1995 for AIDS prevalence 5 are plotted against estimated circumcision rates ( Table 1 ) and the data points are weighted for population , a positive correlation ( Figures 1 and 2 ) is found between circumcision and AIDS prevalence ( slope=14.95 , 95 % CI=13.19-16.71 , R 2 =0.69 ) in first world countries 6 .
In all of these studies , the presence of other STDs and other risk factors were not taken into account .
In addition , the indices of HIV prevalence were very crude , as were the data on which the circumcision rates were based .
Three studies have linked the foreskin to HIV infection by looking at maps , instead of men .
These studies found an association between the practice of male circumcision at a societal level and regional HIV seroprevalence in Africa .
In locations where male circumcision is practiced , HIV seroprevalence was found to be considerably lower than in areas where it is not practiced 2 - 4 .
Other cultural factors , such as age at first coitus , chastity and monogamy , that could otherwise explain the differences were not considered by the authors .
The authors employed data collected in the 1950s concerning circumcision practices .
They assumed that circumcision practices had not changed since that time and that , within a given area , circumcision was universal or completely absent .
Circumcision was not a panacea in preventing the spread of HIV as several areas where circumcision was practiced also demonstrated high levels of HIV seroprevalence .
In the late 1980s , several small studies conducted in Africa suggested an association between having a foreskin and a greater risk of contracting human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) .
Some of these studies based their conclusion by looking at maps , some looked at high - risk populations , and others looked at patrons of sexually transmitted disease ( STD ) clinics .
Recently , however , several large random population surveys performed in Africa have found that circumcised men are more likely to be HIV infected .
Despite inconsistent findings in the medical literature , there is a misconception that the foreskin places a man at greater risk for acquiring an HIV infection 1
Thirty - five studies have been published in peer - reviewed journals that have addressed what role , if any , the prepuce plays in the transmission of HIV .
Available data from these studies have been combined in a meta- analysis .
Looking at the corpus of scientific literature concerning the relation of the prepuce with HIV may be helpful in developing recommendations for HIV prevention .
* Report Muslims versus non-Muslims
** Circumcised men with long residual foreskins were considered ' uncircumcised ' by the authors
+ Attributable risk of the circumcised penis
Intact+=non - circumcised and HIV + , Intact - =non - circumcised and HIV - , Circ+=circumcised and HIV + , Circ - =circumcised and HIV - , CI =confidence inteval , TB=tuberculosis
ASSESSMENT OF CAUSATION
A casual relationship cannot be inferred from retrospective studies .
To determine the likelihood of causality , Hill developed a number of criteria , which , if met , make a causal relationship more likely .
Before intervention can be deemed warranted , it is important to determine whether the epidemiological data meet Hill 's criteria 47 for causality .
Strength
The relationship between the presence of a foreskin and HIV infection is strong is some studies , but the exact opposite in other studies .
The design of the study is paramount , as non-causal associations can easily arise in observational studies due to confounding and misclassification 48,49 .
The least reliable design study is the population - based random cluster sample survey .
The difference in outcomes based on study design are shown in figure 3 .
Of the studies with most reliable study design , most found circumcised men to be at greater risk for HIV infection .
Consistency
The results of the studies have varied markedly based on study design , time of study , and study location .
Even utilizing similar designs has yielded discordant results .
This strongly suggests that other factors associated with the foreskin , rather than the foreskin itself , are responsible for the acquisition and spead of HIV .
Specificity
The multiple identified factors associated with the acquisition and transmission of HIV make it impossible to single out the foreskin as a significant factor .
In numerous studies , the significance of circumcision status is altered when other factors are controlled for .
Temporality
Circumcision usually takes place before sexual activity is initiated .
Only one study examined the timing of circumcision and its effect on HIV infection .
When compared with men who were never circumcised , those circumcised after 15 years of age had a lower HIV prevalence ( OR=0.48 , 95 % CI=0.25-0.90 ) , while those circumcised before 15 years of age had a greater HIV prevalence ( O=1.34 , 95 % CI=0.64-3.00 ) 46 .
No explanation for this finding is given .
Biologic gradient
This involves demonstration of a dose - effect relationship .
Only one study has looked at the degree of circumcision .
In that single study , men with more residual skin were at greater risk of HIV - 2 infection 14 .
It is impossible to reach any conclusions based on that single study .
Biologic plausibility
Moses et al. have suggested the following : ( 1 ) that minor inflammatory conditions occur underneath the foreskin resulting in mucosal discontinuity providing a portal of entry for HIV ; ( 2 ) that the foreskin may be more susceptible to minor trauma during intercourse ; ( 3 ) that the warm , moist environment under the foreskin provides an environment conducive to prolonged viral survival ; and ( 4 ) that Langerhans cells , plentiful in the foreskin of male macaque monkeys , are highly susceptible to simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) 50 .
While it has long been postulated that the warm , moist environment under the prepuce is a breeding ground for pathogens , the immunological protection provided by sub-preputial flora51 , secretory immunoglobulins , and lytic secretions from the prostate , urethra , and seminal vesicles 52 has not been adequately investigated , and may explain why American men with foreskins are less likely to have genital herpes53 and genital warts54 .
The role of Langerhans cells is confusing .
These cells initiate the immune response to infectious agents .
While they are present in the prepuce of monkeys and adult males , Weiss et al . were not able to demonstrate their presence on the inner surface of the prepuce in tissue taken from the newborn penis55 .
Histological examination of the prepuce of older males has demonstrated Langerhans cells in the mucosa56 .
The physiological fusion of the preputial and glans mucosa and the sterile intrauterine environment may explain their absence in the newborn .
In the primate study referenced by Moses et al. it was Langerhans - like cells in the lamina propria , and not the epithelium that appeared to be infected with SIV57 .
It is unclear whether this observation can be extrapolated to the Langerhans cells in the epithelium of the prepuce in humans .
More research is needed .
Beaugé suggests that the loss of the penile skin from circumcision can result in the skin being tight over the penis when erect .
This tight skin increases the friction during intercourse and increases the likelihood of abrasions through which a virus can be introduced systemically .
This may make the circumcised penis more likely to contract HIV58
The increased likelihood of circumcised men engaging in active anal sex53 may make the circumcised penis more likely to contract HIV infection .
Both theories evolve around skin and mucosal integrity .
The presence of genital ulcers has been repeatedly demonstrated to be a more important factor than circumcision status .
Coherence
The theory should fit in with other known characteristics of the illness .
For example , in some cultures circumcision was once part of the coming of age ritual during which the boy is taught how to relate to women and how to maintain discipline in sexual matters .
This teaching may have helped reduce high risk behaviours .
Now the teaching has disappeared 59 .
Instead , as a proof of manhood , sexual intercourse often follows soon after circumcision .
This often takes place in the commercial sex market with a circumcision wound that has not completely healed60 .
Circumcision once fit a coherent social pattern of restraint and has been replaced with high risk behaviour .
Currently in Africa , circumcised men may have more sexual partners 17,26 and are less likely to be currently married ( OR=0.7 , 95 % CI=0.5-0.9 ) 17 .
Tyndall et al. reported that the number of sexual partners and sexual exposure to female sex workers were not risk factors for HIV infection .
The authors indict the foreskin as the culprit for HIV infection 17 .
These findings are counterintuitive and contradict the corpus of the medical literature .
An alternative explanation exists .
The study only looked at men with genital ulcers .
In men who present with an STD , circumcised men are more likely to present with a genital discharge while non-circumcised men are more likely present with genital ulcerations .
The most common cause of ulcerations in Africa is chancroid .
While chancroid has never been shown to be more common in non-circumcised men , it has a very high prevalence among certain ethnic groups that are usually economically depressed minorities61 .
The National Health and Social Life Survey published by investigators from the University of Chicago documented that sexual partners are not found randomly but from within one 's social network , which is constrained by race , religion , ehnicity , and socioeconomic status .
Additionally , they confirm that an STD with a high transmission rate will often spead very quickly and attain a higher prevalence rate within a smaller social network62
The decision by Tyndall et al. to implement their study design with a population where the minority of men were non-circumcised virtually guaranteed that non-circumcised men would be at higher risk for HIV infection .
With a high infectivity rate , one could easily anticipate that chancroid , a highly contagious risk factor for HIV infection , could reach a higher prevalence in a minority non-circumcised population .
Being a member of this portion of the population , not the foreskin , could be enough to negate known risk factors for HIV infection .
Experimental evidence
There is none .
Analogy
Is there another illness to which the foreskin makes a man more susceptible ?
Can it be equated with the acquisition and transmission of HIV ?
The analogy of STDs has been used in the past , but recent studies have cast serious doubt on whether the foreskin is a factor in STDs53,54,63 - 65 .
Urinary tract infections in infancy may be associated with foreskin , but demonstrating how they would be analogous to HIV infection would be difficult .
Based on the above criteria , a causal relation between the foreskin and HIV infection cannot be demonstrated .
DISCUSSION
The quantification of a potential benefit , if any , that could be expected from male circumcision as protection from HIV transmission is highly problematic .
Inconsistent study results coupled with the results of the meta - analysis emphasize this .
While meta - analysis is an inexact tool66 , it may help place the impact of small studies in perspective .
Interestingly , the combined data from the high - risk populations yielded a lower odds ratio than any of the studies of that type .
The lack of parity of circumcision status in the individual studies and the wide variation in HIV prevalence can help to explain this finding .
By combining the data , the number of circumcised subjects is closer in number to those not circumcised than in any of the individual studies .
Whether this makes the comparison more valid is debatable .
Another weakness of the meta - analysis is the inability to correct for confounding factors , the most important of which is the presence of genital ulcers .
It is also difficult to incorporate studies of varying design .
Recent studies , in which the raw numbers suggest circumcised men to be at greater risk for HIV infection have found that circumcised men have more sexual partners 17,26 .
When corrected for number of partners , the foreskin was found to increase the likelihood of HIV infection .
Based on the recent findings that circumcision significantly alters sexual activity in adult males53 , it may be inadvisable to look at these factors separately .
It is likely that circumcision may be responsible for the increased number of partners and therefore the increased risk .
The recommendation to routinely circumcise boys in Africa is unfounded and even dangerous .
In some parts of Africa , circumcision is a leading cause of tetanus ( 59.4 % of cases ) 67 .
The use of dirty instruments and mass ritual events , including group circumcision , may increase the number of young boys developing HIV infections68
The risk of spreading tuberculosis through circumcision in developing countries is also a valid concern69 .
Severe complications and death are not uncommon following ritual circumcision70 , .
If one assumes that circumcision does not prevent some cases of HIV infection , what impact would universal circumcision have ?
Using the data provided by Seed et al.43 , the relative risk of developing HIV infection is 1.37 times greater in the male with a foreskin , and 27 % of HIV cases might be attributed to this factor .
With an AIDS prevalence in the United States of 16 per 100,0005 and an attributable risk of 27 % , it would take 23,148 circumcisions to prevent one case of AIDS .
In Australia and the UK , it would take 82,304 and 154,320 circumcisions respectively to prevent one case of AIDS .
One could expect 46 , 165 , and 308 life - threatening complications in the US , Australia , and UK respectively , for each case of AIDS prevented 72 .
In a developing country , the risks of tetanus , tuberculosis , infection , exsanguination , amputation , and death from circumcision would outweigh the benefit of preventing a small number of HIV infections .
The large discrepancies between the studies suggest that the foreskin is not a significant factor .
Faced with a similar discrepancy between gonorrhoea as a risk factor for HIV infection in different geographical regions , Weir et al. concluded that gonorrhoeal infection did not facilitate HIV acquisition , but that having gonorrhoea acted as a marker for unprotected intercourse that facilitated HIV acquisition73 .
In similar fashion , the foreskin may be acting as a marker for other more relevant factors .
For example , there may exist a causal relation between several STDs and HIV infection74,75 , resulting from the mutual dependence of HIV and STDs on patterns of sexual activity or from the effect HIV may have on the clinical course of the STD .
Likewise , the differing role of the prepuce as a risk factor , depending on the prevalence of circumcision in a region , suggests that the prepuce is a marker of the lack of socioeconomic and political privilege that factors heavily in the transmission and treatment of infectious diseases .
The design of the study is paramount as non-causal associations can easily arise in observational studies due to confounding and misclassification 48,49 .
Unfortunately with circumcision , interventional trials are not feasible to measure the effect of this variable .
Until this interaction between STDs and HIV is understood and controlled for , the role of the prepuce cannot be adequately delineated .
Based on the studies published in the scientific literature , it is incorrect to assert that circumcision prevents HIV infection .
Even if studies showing circumcision to be beneficial are accurate , the risk from circumcision outweighs any small benefit it may have .
To depend on circumcision to protect against HIV infection in lieu of condoms , which have been shown to be efficacious 76,77 , is dangerous .
Promoting circumcision as protection against HIV could also promote , intended or not , the inference , that a circumcised penis is adequate protection from contracting HIV , resulting in an increase in HIV infections .
The circumcision experiment in the United States , which has failed to prevent the spread of this pandemic , should serve as a lesson to other countries .
American men are reluctant to use condoms .
Studies indicate a considerably higher acceptance and usage rate for condoms in Europe and Japan , where circumcision is almost never practised .
Some have suggested that American men are resisting a layer of latex that would further decrease sensation from a glans already desensitized from the keritinization following circumcision .
Moreover , condoms are more likely to fall off the circumcised penis78 .
This low acceptance of condoms may be responsible for the high rate of STD and teenage pregnancy rates in the United States -- the only industrialized country that has failed to control bacterial STDs during the AIDS era79 .
Wise allocation of our resources demands that we divert our attention away from treating unproven risk factors and focus on proven prophylactic interventions .
References
Correspondence to Robert S. Van Howe , 9601 Townline Road , PO Box 1390 , Minoqua , Wisconsin 54548-1390 , USA .
E-mail : mailto:vanhower@gabby.mfldclin.edu
( Accepted 3 June 1998 )
Südafrika Viele Verletzte bei Massenpanik vor WM - Testspiel
Chaotische Szenen fünf Tage vor Beginn der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft : Bei einem Testspiel zwischen Nigeria und Nordkorea kam es in einem Stadion in Johannesburg zu einer Massenpanik .
Die Polizei hatte die Lage nicht im Griff - es gab mindestens 20 Verletzte .
Your browser does not support the video tag .
Online Dropshipping Company – Create Your Dropshipping Business With Us
Do you want to sell products online ?
We are providing an online platform where you can sell a plethora of products .
We facilitate you to import CSV files from Dropship Deals into your store and further sale them to your own customer .
We are running a failsafe online wholesale dropshipping company .
We manage the database efficiently and you can sell as many products as you want without any delay or break .
All that you need to do is to make your online profile at our online blind dropshipping company .
Thereafter the procedure is as easy as one , two , three .
Login to your account and choose products that you are intending to sell .
Just like that , you are ready to go with your very own online shopping store .
Do not worry !
Your identity or business details will not be shown to the buyer because we will cope with product shipment .
Enjoy the benefits of blind dropshipping .
Online Dropshipping Business – Sell Products on Ebay and Amazon
We take your products to the vast online selling point like eBay .
Thereby , if you are looking for a reliable option for dropshipping products on eBay then we can help you .
We provide you an online trusted forum where you can involve in fair deals with your customers .
We will be the stakeholder in this complete process who provides the online shop where you keep selected wholesale products to sell on eBay or Amazon .
You have the option to add new products at any time or remove them from your portal .
It is just like an online inventory and we make you handle it as easily as you handle real - life store inventories .
It is a simple process that starts from making a profile at Dropship Deals and ends at the collection of money from your customer .
There are some free online dropshipping companies as well .
Dropshipping Ideas for Online Business
Online dropshipping sites are offering many entrepreneurial opportunities for interested people .
Of course , there are many people who think that they can earn huge sum of money from online dropshipping but few succeed in doing that .
There is a range of dropshipping products which can evidently turn your business idea into a success .
Search online for dropshipping products that have a huge market but least competition .
It is difficult but not impossible .
Bring your dropship product to sell on eBay and keep a constant check on dropshipping products .
Search Google trends and other online wholesale portals only then you will be able to come up with profitable dropship ideas or materialize your own idea .
Annual Fee Start Now !
$ 79.99 USD
Your browser does not support the video tag .
How it works
I ca n’t stand atheists .
And I plan to do something about them .
Thankfully , the U.S. Supreme Court has given me a powerful tool to use in my war against the godless .
Earlier this week , the Court ruled that a public university may require all student organizations to admit any student as a voting member or officer .
The decision applies even to a student who is openly hostile to the group 's fundamental beliefs .
So , when I get back to the secular university in August , I plan to round up the students I know who are most hostile to atheism .
Then I ’m going to get them to help me find atheist - haters willing to join atheist student groups across the South .
I plan to use my young fundamentalist Christian warriors to undermine the mission of every group that disagrees with me on the existence of God .
My friend , and Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) President , Greg Lukianoff has a different take on this recent Supreme Court decision .
He says “ FIRE will continue to fight for the rights of expressive campus organizations to form around shared beliefs and for the principle that the College Democrats have the right to be Democrats , the College Atheists have the right to be atheists , and the College Christians have the right to be Christians . "
But I disagree with Greg .
As a member of the dominant majority , I recognize the power of Martinez to destroy campus dissent .
And I like it .
I like it a lot .
It was a close a 5 - 4 decision , in which the Court ruled that the University of California - Hastings College of Law did not violate the First Amendment rights of the Christian Legal Society ( CLS ) when it denied the group official recognition .
That denial was on the basis of the group ’s requirement that its voting members and leaders sign a " Statement of Faith " expressing belief in CLS ' particular religious worldview .
By denying CLS recognition , the group is stripped of access to university benefits such as physical meeting space and student fee funding .
The majority opinion in Christian Legal Society v. Martinez was authored by Justice Ginsburg .
She held that Hastings ' policy is constitutional .
That means the same policy that has been used against a Christian group in San Francisco can now be used against heathen dissidents in the Deep South .
In affirming the Ninth Circuit 's 2009 ruling on behalf of Hastings , the Supreme Court majority limited its holding to the constitutionality of Hastings ' " accept all comers " policy .
That policy mandates that recognized student groups must accept all students into membership and leadership positions .
It does not matter what beliefs they may hold .
Justice Ginsburg was not impressed by the argument that the policy allows students hostile to a group 's core tenets to disrupt the group 's mission , or even destroy the group altogether .
Ginsburg claimed that such concerns are " more hypothetical than real . "
But I intend to make such concerns a reality for the unbelieving heathens .
The majority opinion stated that denying recognition to groups like CLS is permissible in part because groups denied recognition may nevertheless avail themselves of other means of communication , such as social networking sites , to reach fellow students .
That means an invading group can turn a smaller , weaker group into second class citizens on campus .
That ’s what I intend to do to those groups who do not believe in God .
If they do n’t like it they can go to hell .
That ’s where they ’re eventually going anyway .
The Court acknowledges that such “ accept all comers ” policies may not in fact be desirable for maintaining robust debate on public college campuses .
I concur .
And I like it that way .
I do not seek robust debate .
I seek power over the godless heathen dissident .
The Court 's majority opinion does not consider the constitutionality of non-discrimination policies as applied to belief - based student groups .
Instead , the Court held that public universities like Hastings may only deny the right to freedom of expressive association to religious student groups like CLS if they deny this freedom to all groups .
So my campaign will conform to this opinion by first ensuring that there are no belief based groups on southern campuses .
We wo n’t be able to discern the specifics of their beliefs by reading their constitutions .
But we ’ll be able to get the gist of what they ’re up to by simply knowing the name of their group .
Then we will seek to destroy groups whose names are even remotely suspicious .
If I see any words like “ atheist , ” agnostic ” , or even “ free - thinker ” I will know they are a group of godless heathens .
Then we ’ll move in for the kill .
The Court has remanded the Martinez case to the Ninth Circuit to determine whether Hastings ' " accept all comers " policy was adopted as a pretextual means of censoring CLS or whether the policy has been selectively enforced against CLS .
So we must be careful here in the Deep South .
But I ’m not worried .
Who would ever suspect that a ban on belief - based groups could be turned against a bunch of non-believers ?
In his dissent , Justice Samuel Alito observed that the Martinez majority has provided public universities with “ a handy weapon for suppressing the speech of unpopular groups . ”
Alito is right as usual .
After we get rid of the heathens we ’ll turn our weapon on the gays , the blacks , and the feminists .
We might even go after the Italians , too .
Here is Senator Stephen Conroy , the man driving the Australian Government ’s Internet filtering plans , speaking about Internet security threats in Australia on TV .
Here ’s the transcript :
“ There ’s a staggering number of Australian ’s being in having their computers infected at the moment , up to 20,000 , uh , can regularly be getting infected by these spams , or scams , that come through , the portal . ”
LOL .
Seriously , irrespective of which side of the argument you sit on , you ’d have to say that this guy is probably not qualified to be leading the case for the Government .
Read next : How to : Enable Google Maps preview in Gmail
I had the opportunity to speak at DevNation on July 10th in Portland , and gave the following talk , an updated version of Galois ’ collective experiences developing Haskell projects over the past decade .
You can download the .pdf .
Abstract
Galois has been building software systems in Haskell for the past decade .
This talk describes some of what we ’ve learned about in - the - large , commercial Haskell programming in that time .
I ’ll look at when and where we use Haskell .
At correctness , productivity , scalabilty , maintainability , and what language features we like : types , purity , types , abstractions , types , concurrency , types !
We ’ll also look at the Haskell toolchain : FFI , HPC , Cabal , compiler , libraries , build systems , etc , and being a commercial entity in a largely open source community .
British and European leaders are questioning Tony Blair ’s role as Middle East peace envoy following reports about the former British prime minister ’s business links to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and the Middle East .
Some have criticized Mr. Blair ’s past consulting deals in the Middle East , such as with Kuwait , and with the South Korean oil company UI Energy Corp. , as cashing in on his connections as prime minister .
And two recent articles in London ’s Daily Mail and the Telegraph have suggested Mr. Blair has business interests in Libya , indirectly linking him to a tourism company with multimillion - dollar deals in Tripoli and to the Gadhafi regime .
While these reports have not been substantiated , they are enough to cause some disquiet among members of the European Parliament , according to Scottish member Struan Stevenson .
Mr. Blair “ has certainly been riding two horses , ” Mr. Stevenson said , mentioning his role as peace envoy and his business - advising deals , including those with Tesco and JPMorgan .
“ And he ’s earning a lot in the meantime . ”
According to published reports , Mr. Blair has amassed a fortune of $ 30 million since leaving office in 2007 .
Kate Hoey , a member of the British Parliament for Mr. Blair ’s Labor Party , also has noticed the recent articles and voiced concern over Mr. Blair ’s role as Middle East peace envoy on Sunday .
“ It does raise the question why we are still paying my previous leader , Tony Blair , to be some kind of peace envoy , because I ’m not quite sure what he ’s doing , ” Ms. Hoey said , according to the London Express .
Ciaran Ward , Mr. Blair ’s media manager , said the former prime minister “ does not have any role , either formal or informal , paid or unpaid , with the Libyan Investment Authority or the government of Libya . ”
Still , several Libyan activists , when told about Mr. Blair ’s possible links to Libya , said they were not surprised , adding that Mr. Blair ’s personal visits to the Gadhafis are well - known among them .
Youssef Sawani , executive director of the Gadhafi International Charity and Development Foundation , said Col. Gadhafi “ talks regularly to Blair as a friend , ” adding that Col. Gadhafi “ consults [ Mr. Blair ] on many issues . ”
However , he insisted “ there are no commercial interests for Blair with Libya or any Libyan government agency . ”
Hafed Al - Ghwell , a Libyan - American activist , said he thinks Mr. Blair could have dealings in Libya .
But he and other Libyan activists could only point to anecdotal evidence .
Mr. Stevenson , as president of the European Parliament ’s Delegation for Relations with Iraq , said the rumors are enough to make him suspicious of Mr. Blair ’s motivations in the Middle East .
“ His position as peace envoy is critical , and these allegations undermine the credibility he has in that position , ” he said .
Mr. Blair had no comment on reports about his visits to Libya since 2007 .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Update : iOS4 has launched , and you do n’t need to hack anymore to get it !
Head here to get the details to get started .
Have fun everyone !
Want to get a crack at that iOS4 goodness that Steve Jobs graced us with just yesterday , but do n’t have the developer account that you need ?
We have good news , you can get your hands dirty now thanks to the powers of the internet .
The only problem is this , you need a Mac to pull off what we are about to describe .
If you do have a OS X machine , read on .
Why the Mac component ?
iTunes 9.2 is required , and as it stands that iTunes build is Mac only .
Sorry Windows users , step aside .
You do not need your UDID to execute the installation , which means that Apple should not ( no promises ) be able to nail you against the wall for doing what we are about to walk you through .
Guide :
1 . To commence , download and install iTunes 9.2 ( Mac only , download links here , here , or here ) .
2 . Now you need to download the right gold master for your device and save it on your desktop :
If you have an iPhone 3GS , download this .
If you have an iPhone 3G , this one is for you .
i Pod Touch 3G , get yours here .
And finally if you have the iPod Touch 2G , download this .
3 . Now let ’s actually install iOS4 :
Plug in your iOS device , and then tab over to iTunes .
In iTunes , alt +click on the ‘ restore ’ button , and then when promoted to locate the file select the IPSW file we just moved to your desktop .
Wait for between 10 and 15 minutes for the new OS to be moved over .
All Done .
How cool is that ?
A few warnings , this is a hack , so if something goes wrong do not come crying to us about it .
If Apple gets mad at you , we warned you .
Finally , have fun .
The real version of iOS4 is scheduled to drop for the public on June 21st , but who wants to wait that long ?
A special thanks to GumballTech for doing all the legwork .
Read next : Updated : The UK iPhone 4 Launch : What We Know So Far
OnLive is the gaming service that seems too good to be true .
Before it was opened up to the public , people were skeptical about its performance .
After June 17th , OnLive went … live .
So , how does the new gaming service look and feel like once inside ?
Find out past the break in a first impressions video review .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3864150&dest=-1 ]
Economics and similar , for the sleep - deprived A subtle change has been made to the comments links , so they no longer pop up .
Does this in any way help with the problem about comments not appearing on permalinked posts , readers ?
Update : seemingly not
Update : Oh yeah !
Saturday , June 05 , 2010
A naughty boy did it and ran away
And so Andrew Wakefield wanders off into the land of infomercials , loopholes in labelling regulation and other places where purveyors of rage - based medicine hang out .
And the assorted Ben Goldacres and similar of the medical profession and skeptical hobby community use it as the occasion for yet another bout of Lisa Simpson moralising lectures on that awful media , and those dreadful gullible people who believe the media , and is n't it all so infuriating that people are n't rational , like us ?
I blame the media .
Except ... actually , that attitude is really a big part of the problem itself .
Nothing makes people keener on medical science and evidence - based approaches than receiving compassionate , respectful , effective treatment by the medical profession .
Nothing sells them quicker on woo than the kind of experience most parents of autistic kids get .
Same with chronic fatigue syndrome and allergies - doctors all too often just grunt at the patients , good as call them malingerers and shunt them out the door , then wonder why it is that homeopaths sell so well .
Even the dreaded chiropractors basically make their living out of poor soft skills in the treatment of back pain .
The media is n't creating the demand for woo - it 's responding to a demand created by the medical profession 's failure to provide the kind of treatment patients need .
Nah , not worth thinking about .
After all , doctors did n't go through eight years of medical school just to be nice to people !
And it 's certainly a waste of sacred NHS money to spend five minutes smoothing over whining patients precious ickle feelings !
Fuck 'em all .
If only they were rational , objective and above all well , like me , they'd be able to buck up and stop making fools of themselves .
Now let 's all have a good old laugh at the Daily Mail .
this item posted by the management
6/05/2010 05:10:00 AM
Are you trying to recover a debt from a Creditor in Ireland ?
Do you require the services of a Debt Collector based in Ireland ?
Recoup Collections , the premier Receivables Management Company in the Republic of Ireland has been an innovator in the financial services industry since its inception .
Our team has more than 20 years experience in recovering overdue accounts , bad debts and credit management consultancy .
Our debt recovery agency is able to offer a complete end to end solution for SME's and large corporate clients from day - one collections to our complete legal facility .
If you are owed money , you can begin the recovery process today by calling us on ( 056 ) 77 08 972 or request a call - back by completing the form on the right of this page .
BP ’s effort to contain the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico suffered another setback on Wednesday when a discharge of liquid and gases forced the company to remove the containment cap that for three weeks had been able to capture much of the oil gushing from its damaged well .
Adm . Thad W. Allen of the Coast Guard , at a briefing in Washington , said a remote - controlled submersible operating a mile beneath the surface had most likely bumped a vent and compromised the system .
Live video from the sea floor showed oil and gas storming out of the well unrestricted .
By evening , the cap was back on , nestled in place on the eighth try after about 90 minutes of effort .
Live video showed remote - controlled submersibles frequently moving hoses out of the way so that the cap could be lowered over the spewing oil .
The company said the funneling of oil and gas through a pipe to the drill ship Discoverer Enterprise began shortly after the cap was properly positioned .
John Curry , a BP spokesman , said collection would return to full capacity “ as conditions permit . ”
Image caption Intense competition means porn sites compete for visitors
Visitors to porn sites are at serious risk of being exploited by cyber criminals , a study has suggested .
It found that many sites harboured malware or used " shady " practices to squeeze money out of their visitors .
By creating their own porn sites researchers found that many consumers were vulnerable to known bugs and loopholes .
Competition among porn sites makes the online adult industry ripe for abuse by hi-tech criminals .
" They have almost inadvertently created a whole ecosystem that 's easy to abuse for cyber crime on a large scale , " said Dr Gilbert Wondracek , a computer security expert from the International Secure System Lab , which led the study .
Hidden danger
Dr Wondracek said the team embarked on the study to find out the truth of the widely held view that porn sites are dangerous to visit .
" There are studies looking at the profitability and economics of the industry but we are the first to come at it from a security and more technical point of view , " he said .
Statistics suggest that approximately 12 % of all websites offer pornography of one sort or another and that 70 % of men under 24 browse these sites .
As a first step the researchers trawled pornographic sites to classify what they found and how the industry was structured .
For the average user it might be hard to tell an honest porn site from a dishonest porn site Dr Gilbert Wondracek , International Secure System Lab
The big distinction was between free sites and those that charge for access .
Typically pay sites produce content they give to free sites to drum up traffic .
More than 90 % of the 35,000 pornographic domains analysed in the study were free sites .
The researchers analysed the 269,000 websites hosted on the 35,000 domains to see which hosted malicious software .
About 3.23 % of these sites were booby - trapped with adware , spyware and viruses .
Many others used " shady " practices to keep visitors onsite .
These included javascript catchers that made it hard for people to leave a page .
Others use scripts that re-direct visitors so when they click on a link they do not see the video or image they were expecting but are passed to an affiliate site .
The vast majority of sites engage in this trading of traffic or clicks , said Dr Wondracek .
" Visitors are being abused as click bots , " he said .
As most sites were free , the only resource they could exploit as a revenue source was this traffic .
" It 's cut - throat competition , " said Dr Wondracek .
" Everybody tries to get as much traffic as possible . "
Finding victims
Traffic is used in many different ways .
Popular sites sell it to those looking for an audience , some is used to direct visitors to affiliates who provide content and sometimes it is used to boost rankings in search engine indexes .
It could also be a great way for hi-tech criminals to get a ready source of victims , said Dr Wondracek .
To test this idea the researchers created two adult sites of their own , populated them with free content from porn producers and spent $ 160 ( £ 108 ) to get traffic piped to these sites .
Analysis of the 49,000 visitors sent to their sample sites showed that 20,000 were using a computer and browser combination that was vulnerable to at least one known exploit .
" As an attacker you want to make your life easier , " said Dr Wondracek .
" If you can have these 20,000 people come to a place instantly , why not ? "
With many porn sites appearing in the top 100 most popular sites on the web this could mean that huge numbers of people are caught out when they browse for adult content .
While relatively few porn sites were infecting visitors , it is difficult to spot good from bad , he said .
" For the average user it might be hard to tell an honest porn site from a dishonest porn site until you click on something , " he said .
Dr Wondracek recommended that anyone visiting porn sites keep their security software up to date and use the " safe browsing " modes found in many browsing programs .
The researchers presented their results at the Workshop on the Economics of Information Security held at Harvard from 7 - 8 June .
Male Suicides
Family Conflict and Suicide Rates Among Men
by Dr. Hazel McBride Ph.D. June 9 -10 , 1995
Violence and Abuse within the Family : The Neglected Issues
A public hearing sponsored by The Honourable Senator Anne C. Cools on June 9 -10 , 1995 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada
Transcript of Dr. Hazel McBride 's presentation on the relationship between family conflict and suicide rates among men .
Dr. Hazel McBride , Child Psychologist , Mississauga , Ontario , Canada
Thank you very much .
I am very pleased to be here , and to see all of the interest that we have in the issues .
I am also please to hear all the very good speakers present .
I wish to thank Senator Anne Cools and Karen Woudstra for this public hearing .
It 's an excellent idea .
I think that we also need to recognise the courage of fathers here , who have not allowed themselves to be separated from their children , against incredible odds , and I think that they deserve applause .
The major area of my research for my Ph.D. dissertation was in suicide , and depression .
Over the last 5 years we have completed the largest study of completed suicide in North America .
We are currently putting the data together to be published piece by piece .
Now , when we talk about depression , most of us have been depressed , but the illness of depression is different from feeling depressed .
I think that it 's important to understand the effects , of the kinds of events that people are describing today , and to know what the difference is .
There 's an illness depression and there 's a feeling of depression .
The illness depression is severe .
It is a physical illness .
It can lead to suicide , it can lead to death , it can lead to people being totally disabled , not just for a little while , but for their complete life .
It can lead to people being in psychiatric hospitals , and having a total breakdown .
It has physical symptoms .
People lose weight , they can't sleep , they become agitated , they worry .
They can also have agitated depression where they have panic attacks , and as I have said , they often become suicidal , and they often complete suicide .
Depression illness is to be at a high risk for suicide .
Now in reference to the gentleman who was talking earlier about suicide statistics from Stats Canada .
The Stats Canada statistics are artificially low , because what happens is that when you get a suspected suicide to the coroner 's office , often further testing needs to be done to see if indeed it was a suicide .
So what happens is that it 's categorized as undetermined , so it 's often not counted as a suicide , and often omitted later .
So Stats Canada data generally tends to underestimate suicide .
What we found when we looked at all the completed suicides in Ontario over a three year period is that we have the third highest rate of suicide in the entire world .
This was the latest " who report " .
- for the youngest between the ages of 15 and 30 - females attempt suicide more but males complete suicide more >
Completed suicides -
In the under 15 age group , the ratio is 3 males to every female - between 16 and 21 , it becomes 4 males to 1 female - by the age of 65 , it becomes 17.5 males to 1 female .
- with increased age , in each group , suicide increases , also the disparity between females and males increases .
- Elderly males in our society are the ones most at risk and who get the least help .
We must note that not only does depression often end in suicide , but there are other very serious consequences as well .
There is a very interesting study , that came out of Harvard .
It 's a study that looked at why do some people live long lives and some people die young , taking out accidents and suicide , just looking at longevity .
And they came out with one important factor .
If you have good genes , your parents live long , you 'll live long .
But what was more interesting was the differences between the group who died young and those who lived to that age of 80 or 90 .
There were only three factors , and I think these are really important .
At different age groups there were different factors studied over 50 years , now this study has run from 1920 until the present day , so when over the long term when they really looked at the factors , there were only three significant factors .
One was smoking , the second was alcohol abuse , and the third one , was one episode of major depression before the age of 40 .
Now that is a new finding , and it is frightening , because with the stress and resulting depression that I have seen everyday , and I 'm sure that many other people have as well , that is mainly created in the court system and government , custody and support enforcement agency and by legal bills .
And all these things are driving people , particularly men , systematically into depressive breakdown and suicide attempts .
And this is n't even looking at what it 's doing to the children .
The killing of the father is most certainly not in the best interests of the child .
What is the effect on the child ?
It 's something that we do n't even look at , and we have n't even started .
When do we start to deal with these long term effects on the children ?
Now to move on to the children .
I am looking at the effect of parental deprivation .
That means a child being deprived of their parent .
Now it 's very difficult to look at this in Canada and the United States because we do not have the kind of database we need to collect the statistics .
We do n't know how many people got divorced , how many have separated .
So it 's very difficult , but in Europe , particularly in the Netherlands and Scandinavia , we have excellent databases where they track everything .
So they can do these kinds of studies .
The second factor is that it 's only over the last 20 years that we have had an epidemic of divorce .
So therefore we are now just seeing adult children of divorced parents in large numbers .
Large enough in numbers that we can do studies and look at the results .
I am just going to quote here from a very reputable academic European study that has been published in very accurate detail .
This study is on the long term effect of depriving a child of a parent .
In Scandinavia , an examination of 1,018 parents of adult female twins , found that females separated from a parent prior to 17 years of age were at significant risk of major depression , and generalized anxiety disorder .
In Germany , research has found increased incidents of suicide attempts in patients who have experienced a loss in childhood , both by separation and death of parents .
The increase in suicidal tendencies were mainly attributed to the loss of the father .
Another study in Scandinavia found that a significantly higher number of adults who attempted suicide had lost a parent through divorce in childhood .
And in this particular study , they also looked at loss of parental contact .
Another study , from India this time .
Indian researchers found that children who were separated from both parents , or from the father alone for a period of 3 months or longer ( between the ages of 6 months to 5 years ) suffered a higher risk by 2.5 to 5 times higher for hysteria , emotional disorder and conduct disorder , than children who were not separated from parents .
Another study , from Germany : Adults who were deprived of a father in childhood , due to separation or divorce , not death , had a significantly higher risk of suicide in adulthood .
From Great Britain : British researchers found that adults who suffered early parental loss due to separation or divorce , have significantly higher risk of developing agrophobia with panic attacks and panic disorders as adults .
This can be a crippling condition .
Now just recently from North America , there was a study looking at suicide in the Termite Study .
Now those of you who have n't heard of it , this was a study done in 1920 at Stanford University in California .
It looked at gifted children .
They took 1,000 gifted children and they are still tracking them today , this is one of the longest running studies in the history of the world I believe .
It 's been running now for over 75 years .
The gifted children in this case had I.Q.'s of over 135 and are tracked over their life span .
While looking at this research , I came across a small study where they looked at who had committed suicide in this group .
Out of the 560 females in this group , 8 had committed suicide .
Now obviously there were many factors involved because suicide is not just the result of one thing , it 's a great complex of factors working together .
In one set of findings they found that in all eight cases , these women had experienced a loss of a relationship with their father .
Now in those days , there were not as many divorces , people often lived together by separate .
We 're looking back at the 1920's , 30's and 40's , so it 's hard to tell , but what they did know because they had worked with these people throughout their life , was that , whether the father was there or not , there was no relationship with the father , and the children were overly bound to the mother .
And this was found in all 8 cases .
It 's hard to believe .
It 's something that judges just do n't know and it's obviously something that the Supreme Court of Canada does n't know , given it 's recent decision in which it said " separation from the father has no long term effect on the child " .
I was aghast when I heard this .
I found it quite appalling that they would not take the time to find out if there were any long term effects or that they would not have done just a little computer search , or even ask someone , rather that assuming this .
and assuming it in such a way that it will affect the lives of thousands of children , not only now , but as adults .
Now to go to short term effects of parental deprivation .
There are numerous studies on this .
One of the better ones , Kergiac , did a very long term study in 1988 .
He found that in the first year after separation , non-custodial parental involvement was generally associated positively , with a good adjustment of children into divorcing families , especially for children whose parents were providing kind and loving support while experiencing conflict .
Otherwise it was a protective factor .
The parents were in conflict , having the other parents , not the custodial parents , involved helped the child .
They found that seeing conflict was related to behaviour problems .
Children showed the most behaviour problems if their parents were in legal conflict and visitation of non-custodial parents was not frequent and , or regular .
Children with frequent and regular visits showed the fewest behavioural problems .
Regular visitation by the non-custodial parents the first year , led to higher self esteem in children later .
I can see these are very important considerations .
And even in the cases where you have parental alienation syndrome .
To say okay , we have parental alienation syndrome in children who do n't want to see the other parent , therefore we can't force it , is very wrong .
What we 're doing is we are * leaving the child with a disturbed individual * .
An individual who is abusing the children by making those false allegations against their other parent ..
In this manner , you are most obviously setting this child up for a life of psycho pathology .
This is because the guilt is tremendous and to just leave it is not the end .
Maybe you can't force the child to see the alienated parent , but you can put the children into counselling whereby you can eventually look at some way of repairing the damage done .
We cannot jsut allow these children to be left first of all , with a parent that is abusing them , although in Ontario it is politically correct to abuse them this way .
Maybe this will change now that we have a new government , hopefully .
But , however , it ( parental alienation ) is a form of child abuse non -the - less and it has to be stopped .
And I wo n't go into this too much because we heard a lot about it and I can also say that I have come across so many of these cases .
I think that the gentleman that was up earlier who talked so passionately about how he felt and what had happened to him , he is the norm .
( ed. note the following was spoken with much emphasis )
THIS IS NORMAL .
THIS IS THE KIND OF THING THAT I HAVE SEEN DAY AFTER DAY AFTER DAY .
I HAVE SEEN DEPRESSION , I'VE SEEN SUICIDE ATTEMPTS .
I HAVE SEEN MANY INDIVIDUALS PSYCHOLOGICALLY BROKEN .
IF THEY WERE DOING IT IN ANOTHER COUNTRY , WE WOULD CALL IT PSYCHOLOGICAL WARFARE , OR WE WOULD CALL IT INHUMANE TORTURE .
HERE IN ONTARIO , IT'S POLITICALLY CORRECT TO COMMIT THIS CRIME AGAINST HUMANITY ON A WHOLESALE SCALE IN FAMILY COURTS THUS GIVING A VENEER OF LEGITIMACY TO UNSPEAKABLE HUMAN SUFFERING .
We know that the more .. fe stress you have , the more .. nitive of tragic events that happen to you , the more likely you will have a breakdown .
And again I emphasise I am talking about a mental and physical illness , not just feeling blue .
I 'm talking about a long term serious and often terminal illness .
LET'S LOOK AT THESE NON - CUSTODIAL PARENTS , JUST FINANCIALLY , THE LEGAL FEES ARE $ 30,000 , $ 50,000 , $ 100,000 EVEN A MILLION .
PEOPLE ARE BROKEN FINANCIALLY .
THIS DOES NOT HELP THE CHILDREN .
WHO ARE WE TRYING TO HELP HERE ?
THIS IS MONEY THAT SHOULD BE GOING TOWARDS THE CHILDREN .
Secondly , we have the unrealistic support awards .
You heard a lot about that .
Custody and access enforcement is something that needs to be investigated by a Royal Commission .
Because we so often have a custody award that does not consider the well being of the children nor that of the non-custodial parent , I have numerous cases of people who have been absorbed into depressive breakdown , who have been injured or in car accidents , or heart attacks , or whatever , or have been laid off their job .
The real crime is that these people cannot then make the payments that they 're supposed to .
There is no way to adjust it .
When you call custody and support enforcement , they say " we just enforce , we do n't care " and I have called them numerous times , and also the former attorney general who says " I 'm sorry , I can't get involved " .
This is her answer .
Another problem is unrealistic support awards .
We have thousands of cases where the people can never go back to work , because if they do , the Family Support Plan will come and take their furniture , they will take their car , they will take whatever they have .
IT'S TERRIBLE .
UNTIL I GOT INVOLVED , ABOUT A YEAR AGO , IN WORKING WITH THESES MEN , I COULD NOT BELIEVE THAT IN A DEMOCRACY CITIZENS , NOT CRIMINALS , COULD BE TREATED IN SUCH A MANNER AND BE STRIPPED OF THEIR RIGHTS .
AND I FIND IT MORE FRIGHTENING BECAUSE IF WE DO IT TO ONE GROUP , IT COULD HAPPEN TO ALL OF US .
ALL OF US CAN BE STRIPPED OF OUR RIGHTS , AND I THINK WE HAVE TO PUT A STOP TO IT * NOW *.
Now I talked about harassment .
The problem is that there is no accountability for false allegations or support received by the custodial parent .
I know of numerous cases and I 'm sure other people do as well where the awards are going to the custodial parent and the children never get a cent of it .
Some of these children are 25 , 26 , 27 , 28 years old .
We watched a program Friday night in about a young man in his mid 20's where the support that was awarded to his mother was 50 % of his father 's salary .
His father lives in a basement one room apt .
His mother kept all the money , never passed one cent of it to either of her sons , who had to go into debt to go into University and now she spends half the year in the Bahamas .
This is something that we have to resolve .
THE LOSS OF CHILDREN , WHEN YOU TAKE A PERSON'S CHILD , THAT IS A LOSS , THAT IS A BEREAVEMENT OF A SIMILAR MAGNITUDE TO THE DEATH OF A CHILD .
IT IS NOT SOMETHING THAT SHOULD BE DONE LIGHTLY , AND IN OUR COURTS TODAY , IT IS BEING DONE , VERY , VERY LIGHTLY WITH ABSOLUTE IMPUNITY AND WITH NO REGARD FOR THE CONSEQUENCES TO THE CHILD NOW OR IN THE FUTURE , OR TO THE FATHER .
WHAT GOOD IS THE FATHER TO A CHILD IF HE IS A BROKEN MAN .
THEY KNOW HE CAN'T SUPPORT THE CHILD , HE CAN'T EMOTIONALLY BOND WITH THE CHILD .
THE CHILD IS THE GREATEST LOSER ALL THE WAY THROUGH .
Now to the enforcement of court ordered access .
We all know about this disgusting situation and it's a terrible , powerless feeling .
In the United States there are states where denial of court ordered access is illegal and people are immediately arrested if they deny court ordered access .
In Canada , or more specifically in Ontario nothing happens and there is a gentleman here who could probably speak on that .
He went to court because he was denied access and it was only at the 18th time that the judge fined his wife $ 1 .
And he still has no access .
I MIGHT ADD , THIS IS NOT JUSTICE .
From what I can see , in Family Law Courts it appears that there are no rules , regulations or proof of claim required .
The Criminal Courts in which I testify far more often , there are rules of evidence and requirement of proof .
I had a case of false allegation last summer which is interesting .
The mother has a long psychiatric history and has been in and out of psychiatric hospitals .
She is quite disturbed .
The father had been attacked be her numerous times , this has been very well documented by the psychiatrist and we have the documentation , The son made false allegations , the father was arrested , taken to jail and had a lie detector test done .
This was a man that had never had as much as a parking ticket in his life before .
He was absolutely distressed by this .
He was ill .
He almost lost his job over it .
Fortunately we had a very good police office who 's name is Detective Wesley , who did an excellent job of investigating thoroughly and proved conclusively that it was a false allegation .
Unfortunately , what happened was we had to charge the child with mischief , not the mother , Because the mother was smart enough to have the child make the accusation .
The child was charged and then when we went for the custody hearing , the judge said " I do n't thing this court thing is relevant , let 's just ignore it " and he did .
The child is still with the very disturbed mother .
The father , for his own safety , had to move to the other end of the country .
This was not solved in the family court and really needs to be addressed for the child 's sake .
False accusations of physical , sexual and emotional abuse .
Every time I get someone seeking help , I do n't even have to read the affidavit .
I can tell you what it 's going to say .
It 's first going to start off saying they shouted and there was verbal abuse , and then they threw something and if that does n't work , two months down the road we 're going to get the " he hit me " and hence we we 're going to get the stalking then we 're going to get the harassment and then we are going to get the beating and sexual abuse and then some of them get even better .
In Family Court there does n't seem to be any requirement of proof .
The affidavits that come in and read the same , like fantasy from Dynasty .
No one asks for proof and if they are shown to be untrue the judge will often just say they are irrelevant .
In this particular case that I am speaking about , it started a year ago , with affidavits , like rehashed soap opera scripts , just as I previously described , but now we 're getting amazing details that are very similar to the Bernardo case coming in .
The lawyer called me and said , " I do n't think I can read these " .
Now this sounds funny , but it 's so tragic , these fantasy allegations are destroying a man and his family .
This is so tragic and no - one , repeat no - one investigates .
If people make these types of allegations in family court , the police should be immediately called in .
The allegations should be investigated as a criminal matter .
It should be stopped one way or another and the perpetrator charged .
Unfortunately this is not happening in Ontario .
WE ALSO HAVE A LACK OF CONTROL OF HOW SUPPORT PAYMENTS SHOULD BE SPENT .
IT 'S PAY UP AND SHUT YOUR MOUTH .
DON'T ASK .
AND WE ALL KNOW THE STORY OF THE FATHER PAYING THE MONEY , THE CHILDREN NOT SEEING IT AND THE CHILDREN TURNING UP IN RAGS .
THERE SHOULD BE ACCOUNTABILITY , WHETHER IT IS MALE OR FEMALE , IS YOU HAVE MONEY , YOU SHOULD BE ACCOUNTABLE FOR THAT MONEY AND THE CHILDREN SHOULD GET IT .
The other thing is loss of all control of parental rights .
These people are not bad people .
These are people who have had bad marriages .
This should not be a crime .
You should be able to still look at the child 's best interest .
And these people instead have been treated as criminals , with one difference .
They are not presumed innocent , but they are often presumed guilty .
And that is very , very , wrong .
PAUL BERNARDO HAS MANY , MANY MORE RIGHTS THAN THE FATHERS IN THIS ROOM .
Let me wrap up here very quickly .
I am currently following a group of gentlemen with whom I am looking into the psychiatric sequel of these false allegations , denial of access , the back stabs and all of this kind of stress .
What we are seeing is very high rates of clinical depression , anxiety disorders , panic attacks , mental breakdown , psychotic breakdown , reactive depression , suicide threats , suicide attempts , completed suicide and sometimes when you push a person too far , you get violence and you get murder / suicide .
Recently in the United States , there was a case of a young man who was very attached to his son , he had always been close to him .
There was a custody dispute , he did get to see his son , but gradually the child had been alienated .
Finally the ex-wife went to the Supreme Court and had the child 's name changed so the child could n't even have the father 's name .
The father had a breakdown , shot his son and himself .
You can't push people to the point where the have nothing left to lose .
THE ULTIMATE SADNESS IS THAT WE KNOW WHAT WORKS , BUT WE WON'T DO IT .
NOT THAT WE WON'T , BUT OUR GOVERNMENT WON'T DO IT .
We know all sorts of things that work , we know that joint custody works , we know support tied to access works , we know court ordered course in divorce and separation work and are very cheap to run .
I just read a new article from The American Psychological Association paper this month , they say that in over 30 states where they have a video prepared by a specialist from Ohio State , that when parents go to court they first have to watch the tape and have divorce counselling , it works and the rate of conflict goes down dramatically when this happens .
This is cheap for what the video costs , we could do it .
Creative support , shared parenting and mandatory divorce counselling for all children .
All children should be put into divorce counselling , court ordered so that they can withstand whatever is going on .
I would like to mention one more thing .
On the Monday following the last time I spoke out like this , there was an investigator from the Attorney Generals Office checking on me .
I may be arrested after this hearing .
Last Friday I spoke out on CFRB and again the Attorney Generals Office was checking on me .
( Senator Anne Cools ) " ... a week is a long time . "
( referring to the election just prior to this hearing that caused a change in government )
Embattled health insurer Anthem Blue Cross is reviving its plan to raise rates for tens of thousands of California policyholders , some of whom could see their premiums rise as much as 20 % .
California ’s largest for - profit insurer submitted new rates Wednesday amid pressure to scale back increases of as much as 39 % that had provoked fury from consumers , lawmakers and even President Obama .
That initial attempt to hike premiums in the spring turned Anthem into a national target for outrage over insurance company profits .
And it reenergized the Obama administration ’s flagging efforts to pass landmark healthcare legislation .
The Woodland Hills insurer backed down after an independent consultant for California ’s insurance commissioner found numerous errors in its rate plan .
Eager to avoid another public backlash , Anthem and its corporate parent , Indianapolis - based WellPoint Inc. , now are seeking a maximum increase of 20 % , with an average hike of 14 % .
The original proposal called for an average increase of 25 % .
The new rates would take effect Sept. 1 .
Advertisement
WellPoint defended the rising premiums as necessary and unavoidable , saying Anthem would still lose more than $ 100 million this year on individual health insurance policies sold in California even though 600,000 of its customers would be paying more .
“ The rates do not cover our costs and are not going to be sustainable over the long term , but it made sense to move ahead , ” said Brad Fluegel , WellPoint ’s chief strategy officer .
“ Given the environment , it was in the best interest of everyone to get this behind us and move forward . ”
But policyholders and consumer advocates who assailed Anthem ’s initial rate hikes also blasted the new increases as excessive , and fear that Anthem will try to recoup any losses with subsequent rate increases .
Company officials said Wednesday they expect a new round of rate hikes in the first half of 2011
WellPoint has posted huge earnings so far this year .
The company made $ 877 million in the first three months of 2010 , a 51 % increase from the same period last year .
Advertisement
It also boosted compensation in 2009 for Chief Executive Angela F. Braly to $ 13.1 million , a 51 % increase from a year earlier , according to a company filing .
“ Why ca n’t they start thinking about people rather than profits , ” asked Mark Weiss , a Century City podiatrist whose individual insurance policy was set to rise 35 % before Anthem canceled the increases in the spring .
Consumer advocates and some lawmakers said the Anthem controversy pointed to the need for legislation that would give regulators more authority over rates .
California is one of a handful of states where health insurers can raise rates without state approval .
Advertisement
“ It is clearly time for stricter oversight of the methods health insurance companies use to calculate premium rate increases , ” U.S. Sen .
Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) said .
The new healthcare law will provide access to health coverage for an estimated 32 million uninsured people but will do little to control rate hikes , simply giving federal officials the ability to review “ excessive ” increases .
Anthem ’s earlier misstep has made it something of a corporate outcast in Sacramento and Washington .
Lawmakers in both capitals hauled the chief executives of Anthem and WellPoint before legislative hearings to justify the rising premiums .
Obama singled out Anthem on several occasions , including on Super Bowl Sunday , describing the Anthem increases as “ a portrait of the future if we do n’t do something now . ”
The administration and healthcare analysts have credited the company ’s attempted rate hike with reinvigorating the president ’s effort to pass healthcare reform .
Advertisement
“ The Anthem rate increases gave the legislation the final push , ” said Shana Alex Lavarreda , director of health insurance studies at the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research .
Anthem ’s new plan comes as California regulators step up scrutiny of insurers offering insurance to individual policyholders in the state , where about 2.5 million people buy their own insurance because they do not receive coverage through employers .
California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner has hired an actuary to study rate filings submitted by Anthem , Aetna Inc. and Blue Shield of California .
Poizner announced Wednesday that he was making the filings public on the insurance department ’s website .
A fourth insurer , Health Net Inc. , also will undergo additional scrutiny once it files new rates .
The state consultant who found significant calculation errors in Anthem ’s paperwork later identified math mistakes in Aetna ’s application , leading the Connecticut - based insurer last week to kill its plan for an average 19 % rate hike for 65,000 individual policyholders in California .
Advertisement
WellPoint executives said they took several steps to ensure the accuracy of their new filing , adding internal reviews and hiring an outside consultant to evaluate it .
“ We ’re confident that those errors have been corrected , ” said Brian Sassi , president and chief executive of WellPoint ’s consumer business unit .
“ Our intent is to provide healthcare coverage to individuals and groups in the state of California , ” he said .
duke.helfand@latimes.com
On this blog , you 'll find profiles of bilingual and multilingual familles , resource recommendations , storytime suggestions , book reviews , discussions , descriptions of games and language learning activities , and -- of course -- stories about our petits bouts de choux .
Thank you for visiting my little corner of the internet .
Please share your stories , too -- I love hearing about other families ' journeys in language learning !
Welcome to Bringing up Baby Bilingual !
Since 2006 , I have used this blog to explore raising children with more than one language and to reflect on my efforts to teach French as a non-native speaker to thein my life -- my son Griffin ( 8 years old ) , my daughter Gwyneth ( 4 ) , my nephew Carl ( 10 ) , my niece Eleanor ( 5 ) , plus a few young students every year .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Related :
firmer government .
It was decided that these riots were a sure sign that the Internet was a cancer of society .
And like cancer , the only known treatments were harsh .
Parents , all parents , were deemed unfit to raise their children .
Every child in the country was relocated away from their parents to special child - rearing camps . "
" And is this how you were born and grew up to be an adult in four years ? "
Xavier sighed .
" I do n't really want to talk about that . "
" No , no , no , I insist , " I continued , staring him down as sympathetically as possible .
Xavier grimaced .
" My father was at the Lawrence Livermore lab in Berkley researching an article on the Incredible Hulk , where he ended up having sex with a small nuclear reactor .
I am the entirely predictable result . "
" And when you say DOByour father , does that meanâ¦ ? "
" Yes , he 's dead .
But not from that .
He was actually quite famous for awhile because of that . "
I nodded , easily imagining that .
" No , he died some time later .
With mom . "
" The nuclear reactor ? " " Yes , " Xavier said through clenched teeth .
" They were drinking ... well I guess dad was trying to get her drunk . "
Xavier shook his head .
" I do n't know what happened .
An explosion ?
A lot of people died .
The police ended up calling it a ' domestic dispute ' but I think they really did n't know what to make of it . "
" I 'm sorry , " I said , falling off my chair laughing .
Xavier glared daggers at me .
He really was a Cracked editor .
" If I can continue ? " " Please do , " I offered , clutching my sides .
Xavier waited patiently until I retook my seat .
" Anyways , with order somewhat restored the government decided that the Internet was too much of a threat to start up again .
Most other forms of technological entertainment were banned as well , or sharply regulated .
Television , electric handjob machines , video games .
The only thing even resembling a video game any more are horrible ' Edutainment ' creations .
The world 's leading software developer is now PBS . "
I shuddered .
" This government .
Is this thing elected , or what ?
How does that work now ? "
Xavier shook his head .
" The riots forced Obama to postpone the election .
He did n't really have a choice , but when it was delayed , well that just made things worse .
That 's when the government nearly fell .
Supposedly we 'll have elections again soon .
That 's what Uncle Joe says . "
" You do n't meanâ ¦ " " Oh yeah . " " Oh wow .
Sorry future , that 's really shitty . "
I paused , thinking .
" You said you were waiting for me ?
How ? "
" When you left in the phone booth in 2010 , we knew when and where you 'd arrive .
We 've been anxiously awaiting your arrival for years . "
I frowned .
No one ever seemed to care when I was or was n't in this office , much less eagerly await my return .
" We 're disappointed to see you Bucholz " was a phrase I recalled in particular .
They put that on my birthday cake once .
It was n't even my birthday .
" And why were you waiting for me ? "
" Because we know you can help .
I 'm sorry my father is n't here to ask you himself .
I know you two were close . "
I stared at him blankly .
" He often spoke highly of you .
Said you 'd do anything for him . "
I glanced at my watch .
Xavier narrowed his gaze .
" With your column , you have a direct line to the most awful people on the Internet .
More than any other columnist , you attract the worst that humanity has to offer . "
It was true .
You could catch a disease loitering in the comments section of some of my articles .
" We want you to start turning the tide .
Use your column to spread good through the world .
Teach your readers important things , like when to not yell at bus drivers , and how to order a sandwich without offending four different cultures . "
I frowned .
" But by doing that , wo n't I change the future ?
Wo n't you cease to exist ?
And if you cease to exist , how will we have had this conversation ?
Will I then go back to writing William H. Macy snuff - fic ?
And otherwise keep making the world worse with everything I do ? "
Xavier shrugged .
" Honestly ?
I do n't think it matters .
Do you really expect people to read your stupid time travel column that closely ? " I nodded .
Xavier 's lack of respect for the audience impressed me .
He really was a natural Cracked editor .
" Deal . "
I spit into my palm and extended it to him .
He looked back and forth between me and it with disgust etched into his face .
___
So , after visiting the archive of horse race results which Cracked has always kept on hand for visiting time travelers , I returned to my phone booth and *FLUP *ed my way back to the somewhat - earlier 21st century .
And now that I 'm back readers , please , heed my words !
Be good to each other !
People who disagree with you are not necessarily fags .
And if they are , that 's actually Using racial slurs to describe people you dislike is incredibly ignorant and hateful .
It makes you a measurably worse person , and you will eventually cross someone who will stab you in the throat for it .
Most people should never and could never suck a thousand burning dicks .
Almost everyone 's mom is an OK lady , and even if they 're not , you should get to know her first before making any bold claims about her .
You can make a difference , so long as you___
Full blown capitulation from the Goldman FX ( strategic not tactical ) team : the firm goes from a $ 1.35 target on EURUSD to $ 1.15 .
Score one more golden star for Goldman - Client relations .
On the other hand , Thomas Stolper is officially advising clients to sell their euros to Goldman .
There is no clearer signal to buy the beaten down currency .
Endogenous Political Risks to EUR / $
We have changed our EUR / $ forecasts to 1.15 , 1.15 and 1.25 in 3 , 6 and 12 months ’ time .
Since our previous FX Monthly , relative growth surprises have disappointed relative to our expectations , while market projections for the policy rate differentials between the ECB and Fed rate have moved even further away from our forecast .
Fiscal policy announcements in the US and Euro - zone place further pressure on our growth forecasts .
Most importantly , the policy risk premium in the EUR has risen again , also reflected in sovereign and CDS spreads , leading to some re-thinking on what drives this process .
We now think stretched short EUR positions can persist until currency weakness feeds into notably stronger growth , which then reduces the pressure on Euro - zone governments .
In the meantime , the risk of continued political disturbance remains high .
Ultimately , however , proof of better growth will ease the endogenous political tensions and this should lead to a reduced EUR risk premium .
Beyond the EUR outlook , we scan our currency universe for opportunities linked to the monetary policy and fiscal policy outlook , valuation and cyclical momentum .
We find most opportunities in faster - growing peripheral currencies funded in G3 .
And here is where Jim O'Neill 's N - 11 ( which counts Iran among its members ) comes into play : buy the Iranian Rial .
MADDOW 1 , O’REILLY 0 …. On Wednesday night ’s episode , Rachel Maddow talked about Fox News ’ role in the Shirley Sherrod matter .
“ This is what Fox News does , ” she explained .
“ This is how they are different from other news organizations .
Just like the ACORN controversy , Fox knows they have a role in this dance .
That ’s not new ; that ’s not actually even interesting about this scandal .
Fox does what Fox does . ”
Bill O’Reilly responded on his Fox News program , “ Which is kick your network ’s butt every single night , madam .
And you have to be kidding me with this ‘ fake ACORN scandal ’ stuff ?
Unbelievable .
Do you live in this country ? ”
Rachel responded on the air last night .
If you have n’t seen it , you should .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Here ’s the kicker : “ Because when you got all ‘ kicked your network ’s butt ’ and ‘ madam ’ on me , you really were n’t trying to tout your network ’s ratings .
You were trying to take the attention off me saying that your network , Fox News , continually crusades on flagrantly bogus stories designed to make white Americans fear black Americans — which Fox News most certainly does for a political purpose , even if it upends the lives of individuals like Shirley Sherrod , even as it frays the fabric of the nation , and even as it makes the American dream more of a dream and less of a promise .
“ You can insult us all you want about television ratings , Mr. O’Reilly , and you ’ll be right that yours are bigger — for now and maybe forever .
You are the undisputed champion .
But even if no one watches us at all except for my mom and my girlfriend and people who forgot to turn off the TV after Keith , you are still wrong on what really matters , and that would be the facts , your highness . ”
Comedian - turned - senator Al Franken ( D - MN ) has ditched the potty jokes and Stuart Smalley routine since taking office , turning himself into a surprisingly articulate and strident voice in favor of net neutrality and against the Comcast / NBC merger .
Back in February , when a Senate hearing offered him the chance to grill Comcast CEO Brian Roberts , Franken took it .
" In other words , " Franken lectured , " looking to get approval for this merger , you sat there in my office and told me to my face that these rules would protect consumers , but your lawyers had just finished arguing in front of the Commission that it would be unconstitutional to apply these rules . "
Feisty !
But it turns out he was just getting warmed up .
At last week 's Netroots Nation conference in Las Vegas , Franken put aside all pretense of subtlety .
While government was once the greatest threat to First Amendment rights regarding freedom of speech , Franken argued that the great threat now is corporations .
Specifically , the threat comes from corporations who also control the major Internet pipes .
" I believe that net neutrality is the First Amendment issue of our time , " Franken said .
" Comcast merges with NBC .
How long do you think it will take for Verizon and AT&T to start looking at CBS / Viacom and ABC / Disney ?
If no one stops them , how long do you think it will take before four or five mega- corporations effectively control the flow of information in America , not only on television but online ?
If we do n't protect net neutrality now , how long do you think it will take before Comcast / NBC / Universal or Verizon / CBS / Viacom or AT&T / ABC / DirecTV or BP / Halliburton / Walmart / Fox / Domino 's Pizza [ laughter ] will start favoring its content over everyone else 's ? "
Franken takes on the ISPs
But how many others in Congress share this view ?
While net neutrality was a hot topic last year and the year before , it has languished on Capitol Hill as the Republican and Democrat FCC Chairmen asserted their rights to regulate ISP behavior .
Now that a federal court has shot down the FCC 's legal arguments and the new " third way " proposal has attracted plenty of criticism , passing an unambiguous law might be the simplest way to resolve the debate .
It 's safe to say that Franken would vote in favor of such a bill , and other top Democrats have expressed support , as have a few Republicans like Susan Collins of Maine .
Political will to tackle the issue looks limited , however , even if it is the " First Amendment issue of our time . "
( Bonus discussion question : is net neutrality the First Amendment issue of our time ? )
What to do when the state disregards you .
To be sure there are a lot of people right now in America who are going without too much food these days , one because they can no longer afford it and two because of all the butterflies running up and down their stomach now that federally mandated benefits have ended this past May 30th and the senate has yet to have vote on an extension which has been customary whenever unemployment edges past 7.4 percent , never mind that the current unemployment rate currently sitting at just under 10 percent .
Huffington
Post reports :
Robert Lovejoy and his wife are losing sleep because they ’re unexpectedly losing their unemployment benefits .
“ We get up earlier — we ca n’t sleep in because our minds are racing , ” said Lovejoy , who told HuffPost he ’d received his final check on Wednesday , six months after losing his job as a video colorist for a production company in Philadelphia .
“ It ’s the difference between having health insurance , having an automobile and not being in default with my creditors . ”
Losing sleep because it ’s suddenly dawning on them that America is only a great place to live if you can afford all the things that make this nation so great in the first place and since there is no money to go around anymore the idea of a free and wonderful America is n’t holding up so well .
And if there ’s one thing historians can tell us ‘ once the public catch whiff of the fact that the slogan ( carrot ) is just a myth certain unsavory things can sometimes come to pass .
Across the country , 323,400 will prematurely exhaust their benefits this week because Congress failed to reauthorize several domestic aid programs before they lapsed on June 1 , after the House and Senate left Washington for a Memorial Day recess .
Which does n’t even hint at the reticence of some senate members about extending benefits because of the perceived idea that people are enjoying staying home and living off the average weekly allowance of $ 320 watching their favorite celebrities live their idylic lives while they walk around in cardboard flip flops .
“ I think it ’s terrible that families , on top of everything else , are going through an emotional roller coaster , ” said Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D - Mich . ) when asked by HuffPost Wednesday about the people missing checks .
“ Up and down .
What ’s going to happen to them ?
Are they going to be able to make the house payment ?
Are they going to be able to put food on the table ? ”
Terrible and yet when bankers and the oil industries come running for cash , there ’s hardly a debate and no mention of moral dilemma , never mind these folk usually bring on their own misfortune as opposed to many unemployed who are caught in cross winds beyond their control .
But if you think everyone is in this horrid position together , spare a thought for those individuals who work for the state administering benefits :
“ It certainly causes some confusion on the part of unemployed workers in this state who are receiving these benefits , ” said Michigan UIA spokesman Norm Isotalo .
“ It creates additional work for the agency . ”
Which is like saying the guy at the morgue is super busy these days because everyone is dropping off the face off the earth .
If this reminds you of the current America you are unfortunately in no small company .
If you haven ’t heard of cake balls yet , I recommend that you check out Bakerella ’s website to see what the fuss is all about .
Cake balls are a great little invention ; cooked cake batter crumbled and mixed with cream cheese frosting , rolled into balls , then dunked into melted chocolate .
Don ’t just make these for the health benefits though , they taste pretty darn good too .
The recipe says to use any boxed cake mix for the type of flavor you want .
For my first attempt I used Devil ’s Food Cake mix , and a homemade frosting .
You can buy a can of cream cheese frosting instead , but I accidentally bought cream cheese instead of frosting , and had to improvise .
The reason I did n ’t use homemade cake batter + homemade frosting is because I was n’t confident in getting exactly the right consistency for cake ball dough .
Devil ’s Cake Balls ( makes 45 - 50 ) – adapted from Bakerella.com
Ingredients :
1 Box Devil ’s Cake Mix
1 16 oz . can cream cheese frosting *
1 16 oz . bag of chocolate chips
wax paper
* To make homemade frosting : combine 8 oz .
cream cheese ( softened ) , 1 stick butter ( softened ) , and 2 cups powdered sugar .
Blend until creamy .
Directions :
1 . After cake is cooked and cooled completely , crumble into large bowl .
2 . Mix thoroughly with 1 can cream cheese frosting .
( It may be easier to use fingers to mix together , but be warned it will get messy . )
3 . Roll mixture into quarter size balls and lay on cookie sheet .
( Should make 45 - 50 .
You can get even more if you use a mini ice cream scooper , but I like to hand roll them . )
4. Chill for several hours .
( You can speed this up by putting in the freezer . )
5 . Melt chocolate in microwave per directions on package .
6 . Roll balls in chocolate and lay on wax paper until firm .
( Use a spoon or toothpick to dip and roll in chocolate and then tap off extra . )
_____________________________________________________________
Â
After cake is cooked and cooled completely , crumble into large bowl .
Powdered sugar , stick of butter , and package of cream cheese .
3 ingredients for a healthy dessert .
If making homemade frosting , blend these ingredients together with a handheld mixer until creamy .
Mix thoroughly with 1 can cream cheese frosting .
( It may be easier to use fingers to mix together , but be warned it will get messy . )
Roll mixture into quarter size balls and lay on cookie sheet .
( Should make 45 - 50 .
You can get even more if you use a mini ice cream scooper , but I like to hand roll them . )
Chill for several hours .
( You can speed this up by putting in the freezer . )
Melt chocolate in microwave per directions on package .
Or if using chocolate chips , melt with a bit of water in the microwave .
Add more water if it is too thick ( but don ’t add too much or it will be too watery ) .
Roll balls in chocolate .
( Use a spoon or toothpick to dip and roll in chocolate and then tap off extra . )
I used a cocktail toothpick to dip the balls into the chocolate , and a chopstick to gently brush off extra chocolate .
Lay on wax paper until firm .
I put mine in the refrigerator to harden .
And there you have it .
They were pretty good for a first attempt , but next time I would have to try it with the melted chocolate bark instead of chips .
The melted chips didn ’t solidify as much as I hoped it would , and I don ’t know if it ’s because I used chips instead of bark .
You can store these in a freezer bag in the fridge for up to two weeks .
This is a personal , non-sponsored post by a member of BuzzFeed 's ad content team .
Coolest Painted Video Game Consoles
Millions of people play video games everyday but these unique individuals take the " art " of gaming to a whole other level .
Here 's what your favorite consoles look like with a fresh coat of paint and a creative eye .
Image caption Change4 Life was launched in January 2009
Government funding of the Change4 Life public health campaign is to be withdrawn with the hope the private sector will step in , ministers say .
About £ 50 m has been invested in it since the launch in January 2009 in a bid to tackle rising obesity rates .
The funds paid for TV ads and a range of marketing materials handed out by schools , hospitals and community halls .
But Health Secretary Andrew Lansley said he wanted to see business take on responsibility for the campaign .
He said it was in their interests to be associated with the brand and the move was part of a fresh approach to public health which would culminate in a new strategy at the end of the year .
Commercial companies selling foods such as chocolate , crisps and soft drinks did not want the public to see their products as " harmful " but as something that could be incorporated into healthy diets , he added .
Cuts
But the step is another sign that the NHS is having to make cuts despite being one of just two departments to have a protected budget .
It comes after the government announced last month that free swimming was to be axed .
Mr Lansley said the health service " was not immune " from the debt crisis .
He said he had been " impressed " with what Change4 Life had achieved , but it was now the right time for a new approach .
Nearly nine in 10 mothers say they recognise the brand , according to latest surveys , after nearly half of school , hospitals , GPs and community halls handed out literature giving advice about how people could adopt healthier lives .
For too long our approach to public health has been fragmented , overly complex and sadly ineffective Andrew Lansley , Health Secretary
It also led to a number of spin - off sub-brands , such as Bike4 Life and Walk4 Life , which were used by local schemes to get people active .
But he said after " pump - priming " the brand , it was now the right time to look for others to come forward to support it .
In particular , he said businesses which have tended to rely on in - kind payments should provide direct investment .
" We will be scaling back on public money . "
Mr Lansley also said , in a speech to public health doctors in London , that he wanted to see more of a focus on changing behaviour than the " lecturing " attitude that characterised some of the previous government 's interventions .
He said people needed " nudging " without being told what to do .
" For too long our approach to public health has been fragmented , overly complex and sadly ineffective . "
Instead , he wanted to " empower people " and " build self - esteem " , adding that social media could be a useful tool in harnessing peer pressure .
He also addressed comments he made last week about Jamie Oliver .
He was reported as criticising the school meals campaign the TV chef led , but he told the Faculty of Public Health conference it was the government response that was at fault for being too bureaucratic rather than Mr Oliver 's approach .
Professor Alan Maryon - Davis , president of the Faculty of Public Health , welcomed the vision , saying public health chiefs were keen to meet the challenge .
" These are challenging times - how to get more with less .
But it is an opportunity too .
We have to make the case for the cost - effectiveness of public health and preventing ill health . "
But Tam Fry , of the National Obesity Forum , said he was " horror - struck " about the thought of getting industry involved in funding Change4 Life .
He said it was " nothing other than a bare - faced request to bail out a cash - starved Department of Health campaign " .
" The quid pro quo is that the department gives industry an assurance that there will be no regulation or legislation over its activities . "
Portland Electrical Contractors , Portland Electricians
Licensed , Insured , and Bonded
CCB # 162753
Phoenix Electric is one of Portland ’s best electrical companies providing excellent customer service , professional electrical installations and above all making sure each customers ’ needs are met and that they are completely satisfied .
Phoenix Electric offers quality workmanship for all your commercial , industrial and residential electrical needs .
As an electrical contractor , some of the services we specialize in include manufacturing plants , pump stations , automotive plants , hospitals , new construction , remodels , tenant improvements , lighting , motors and controls , troubleshooting , service and maintenance .
Professional customer service , communication , and commitment are the goals of all our electricians .
Our Goal is to continually grow the business by providing excellent customer service and workmanship and generating repeat business with our clients .
Phoenix Electric employs the best Electrical Contractors & Portland Electricians in the area .
Providing you the assurance that your electrical job will be done right the first time by professional electrical contractors who care about you , your home or business .
Call Phoenix Electric today at ( 503 ) 231-8006 for your electrical services needs .
Phoenix Electric ’s Electrical Contractors serve these areas and more :
Portland
Aloha
Wilsonville
Tualatin
Tigard
Beaverton
Hillsboro
Gresham
Sandy
Oregon City
Canby
Troutdale
Vancouver
Happy Valley
Gladstone
Salem
Camas
Newburg
McMinnville
Milwaukie
Sherwood
Washougal
Woodburn
Hubbard
Tualatin
Tigard
Beaverton
West Linn
Lake Oswego
Gresham
Estacada
Boring
Clackamas
Forest Grove
George
Will apparently does n't think that those receiving unemployment benefits spend their checks because he claims that another extension would not stimulate the economy .
Another typical mean spirited Republican basically telling unemployed Americans " let them eat cake " .
I 'm sure George thinks that once you cut those benefits off all of those lazy unemployed people will finally have to get off of their butts and magically find those non-existent jobs out there that they were n't looking for before instead of living high off the hog from the riches they were receiving with those massive unemployment checks .
Heaven forbid we can't have anyone sucking off of that government teat when we 've got those tax cuts for the rich we 've got to keep in place and those wars to pay for .
I assume George wo n't have to worry about actually being around any of those tiresome whiners from his perch at his $ 1.9 million mansion in Chevy Chase , Md. since they probably keep that type of riff - raff out of his neighborhood .
And Rajiv Chandrasekaran nonsense about who 's playing politics with this is almost as bad .
Other than Ben Nelson it's not the Democrats blocking unemployment benefits .
If the Republicans get whacked with this in November , they deserve it .
SANGER : And the president 's also in the position in Canada of saying , do n't do as I do , do as I say .
I mean , just the day before he left , Congress could not come to an agreement on a very small extension of unemployment benefits , the most basic stimulus effort that the president tried to push .
TAPPER : 1.2 million Americans are going to lose their unemployment benefit extensions -- or unemployment benefits this week .
SANGER : That 's right .
So there 's a fundamental stimulus action and the president had to go up and tell the Europeans they were n't doing enough for stimulus .
TAPPER : George , why can't they pass this unemployment extension ?
I do n't understand .
The Republicans say spending cuts should pay for this , the Democrats know it 's emergency spending .
It seems like this is something where there could be a compromise .
WILL : Well , partly because they believe that when you subsidize something , you get more of it .
And we 're subsidizing unemployment , that is the long - term unemployment , those unemployed more than six months , is it at an all - time high and they do not think it 's stimulative because what stimulates is the consumer and savers ' sense of permanent income .
And everyone knows that unemployment benefits are not permanent income .
TAPPER : Rajiv , I 'm going to let you have the last word , we only have a minute left .
CHANDRASEKARAN : Both sides in this town have an incentive to let this drag out longer .
The Republicans certainly playing to their base do n't want to be seen as adding to the debt issues in a midterm election year .
The Democrats I think are trying to sort of push the Republicans and trying to make them look like the party that 's denying 1.2 million people an extension of these benefits .
Transcript via ABC News .
Evolved Web Infrastructure Software
Cherokee is an innovative , feature rich , lightning fast and easy to configure open source web server designed for the next generation of highly concurrent secured web applications .
Image caption Thierry Henry ( left ) in the match France lost 1 - 2 against South Africa
French football star Thierry Henry has been meeting President Nicolas Sarkozy to explain the national team 's disgraceful performance at the World Cup .
The French Football Federation ( FFF ) has already exacted some punishment for the rows , strikes and lost matches by flying the team home in Economy Class .
But there could be more on the way , after a forthcoming meeting of the FFF council .
" Everyone will go before the council , the president , the players , the coach , to see who is responsible .
There will probably be sanctions , " said FFF president Jean - Pierre Escalettes .
But how do you punish a football team ?
Here are some of the sanctions that have been imposed on teams in other countries .
IRAQ - World Cup qualifying 1994/1998
Saddam Hussain 's son , Uday , head of the Iraqi football federation , employed a unique brand of intimidation when he took charge of the national team 's attempts to qualify for the 1994 World Cup in the US and the 1998 World Cup in France .
Image caption Iraq 's Samir challenging Joo Sung Kim of South Korea for the ball in 1993
He had his own prison and torture chambers in the basement of the building of the Iraqi Olympic committee , which he chaired .
Reports - rife at the time - that he beat and tortured players were confirmed in 2000 after the defection of Iraq 's star footballer Sharar Haydar .
Uday threatened to cut off players ' legs and throw them to ravenous dogs , according to the Guardian newspaper .
A player who missed a practice session , even to attend a sick child or funeral , would be imprisoned .
A loss or a draw led to flogging with electric cable - or a bath in raw sewage .
IVORY COAST - African Cup of Nations 2000
The Ivorian national team were held for three days in a military camp after being eliminated in the first round of the African Cup of Nations .
They beat Ghana by a respectable 2 - 0 , but only managed a draw against the much smaller state of Togo and were then thrashed 3 - 0 by Cameroon .
Image caption Brahami Kone of Ivory Coast and Komlan Assignon of Togo , in 2000
The players , many on lucrative contracts with European clubs , were shown on state - controlled television being forced to conduct military marches and receiving lectures on discipline .
They were then taken to the capital , Abidjan , for a dressing down from military dictator General Robert Guei .
" I asked that you be taken there so you could reflect a while .
You behaved unworthily .
You should have avoided us such shame , " General Guei was quoted as saying by the Fraternite Matin newspaper .
" Next time you will stay there for military service .
You will be sent to the barracks until a sense of civic pride gets into your heads . "
ITALY - World Cup 1966
Image caption Middlesbrough , 1966 : Li Chan Myung clears the ball from Fogli and Perani
The Italians won their first game of the 1966 World Cup against Chile 2 - 0 but then lost to the USSR 1 - 0 .
So they had to win their third and final group game against the " lowly , mysterious men of North Korea " , recalls Rupert Colley , creator of the iPhone app The World Cup in An Hour .
" But , in the 42nd minute , a goal from Pak Doo - Ik rocked the Italian team .
Unable to break the Koreans down during a rugged second half , the Koreans held on , the Italians lost , and the world of football reeled in shock .
The mighty Italy had been eliminated by a team of unknowns . "
On their arrival home the team were roundly pelted with rotten fruit as they disembarked from their plane .
Will their defeat by Slovakia in South Africa expose them to the same revenge from Italian fans ?
SOVIET UNION - 1952 Olympics
The Soviet national side were drawn against Yugoslavia in the last 16 of the 1952 Olympics .
It was a politically charged moment , as Tito 's Yugoslavia had broken ties with USSR four years earlier , and was making overtures to the West .
Yugoslavia was described in the Soviet media as the worst possible kind of traitor .
The match ended in a draw 5 - 5 and had to be replayed .
When the replay ended in a 3 - 1 defeat for the USSR , Stalin showed his displeasure .
The coach and several players from the leading Soviet club of the day , CDCA , were dropped from the squad .
The CDCA club itself was disbanded ( it was later reborn as today 's CSK ) .
No mention of the game was made in Soviet reports of the Olympics and all images and footage of the match collected by Soviet photographers and cameramen were destroyed .
Built by engineer Konstantin Zverev in the 1870s , Fort Zverev now lies in ruins , with machine gun mounts , bunkers , and water tubes slowly rusting away .
But the part of Fort Zverev that feels truly nightmarish lies in the basement area , where in the 1970s , a fire erupted .
However this was n’t just any fire .
In this basement they stored a Russian alternative to napalm , and when it caught fire it reached temperatures of over 2000С , so hot in fact , that it literally melted the brick above it .
In doing so it created a sort of artificial cave of red brick stalactites dripping down from above .
Today the fort , and its cave of dripping brick stalactites are still there , slowly falling back into the Russian countryside .
LaTeX LabはJava製 / Google App Engine用のオープンソース・ソフトウェア。MS
Word やPagesといったワードプロセッサも良いが、より細かく自分で設定をしたいためにLaTeXを使う人は未だに多い。計算式を埋め込んだり、多彩なフォーマットに変換したりする時にもLaTeXをベースにすると便利だ。
GoogleドキュメントがLaTeXエディターに
時代 はWebアプリケーションになり、LaTeXを使う人は少なくなってきている。だがGoogleドキュメントは見捨てない。Web APIを使えばGoogleドキュメントをLaTeXエディターにすることができる。それがLaTeX Labだ。
LaTeX LabはGoogleアカウントを使って認証を行う。Googleドキュメントをベースに、ツールバーを追加してLaTeX文書を編集できるようになっている。数式の埋め込みもツールバーから指定すればとても楽になるはずだ。
プレビュ ー
そしてコンパイラーも指定可能になっており、Web上で実際にコンパイルした結果を見ることもできる。Googleドキュメントであればコラボレーションもできるし、編集する場所を問わず利用できるのが利点だ。LaTeX環境を用意する手間もなく、今の時代に合わせた文書作成が行えるようになるはずだ。
latex - lab - Project Hosting on Google Code
http://code.google.com/p/latex-lab/
Everyone wanted the FA to build its own version of Clairefontaine when France won the 1998 World Cup and 2000 European Championship and they had a consistent production line of young talent .
Now the talk is of copying the coaching system that produced the young Germany team that has excelled in South Africa .
The debate is cyclical but what is constant is Germany 's ability as a tournament team .
Eleven World Cup semi-finals since 1954 says this is n't a recent phenomenon .
It says they 've had it right for over 60 years .
For a good starting point as to why they are doing so well in this tournament look at how many members of the Germany squad play in the Bundesliga and the percentage of Bundesliga players who are German .
The entire 23 - man squad played its football in Germany last season .
They all know each other 's game .
The entire England squad played in England but the foreign influence here is much greater .
I 've no doubt Joachim Löw 's team are benefiting from thorough planning and a clear strategy , but that is not exclusive to Germany .
All the clubs here have that too .
Like many teams before them at international and club level though , Germany are prospering from having a good crop of players of a similar age , who have experience of playing together , coming through at the same time .
They have a young squad who have delivered really athletic performances throughout the tournament .
Pace and athleticism have been key ingredients in their play .
Portugal prospered when they had the likes of Luis Figo and Rui Costa coming through at the same time .
They won the Under - 20 World Cup together and developed into a top international side .
Manchester United had that too when Paul Scholes , Nicky Butt , David Beckham , and Gary and Phil Neville came through the ranks together .
When I took the Ireland job there was a fantastic group of young players coming out of the Under - 21s .
There was Robbie Keane , Ian Harte , Damien Duff and Shay Given and I nicked them all off my Under - 21s coach , Ian Evans , and promoted them to the senior side .
Sometimes the energy and enthusiasm of a squad can wane but they improved that instantly .
You had experienced pros like Niall Quinn loving playing with these young players and the young players relishing playing with the older group they had always looked up to .
There are good players in the England Under - 21s and the focus is now on whether it is time to shift them up a level .
It was interesting to hear Lothar Matthäus say this German team are better without Michael Ballack as he would have slowed their play down .
No one said that before the tournament and if Germany had struggled you can guarantee they'd have said it was because the team lacked an experienced head who could put his foot on the ball .
But their movement has been fantastic at this World Cup .
The first time I watched Germany was in their 1 - 0 defeat to Serbia when , with 10 men after the harsh dismissal of Miroslav Klose , they still should have won .
They started with Klose up front , Mesut Ozil behind him , Sami Khedira on one side and Thomas Müller on the other , and they were brilliant .
Khedira and Ozil swapped positions so many times and Bastian Schweinsteiger sat in there as the pivot for the whole team .
Everybody could find him , whether they were playing from the back or the front or square , and he kept passing it and was always available .
They attack as an organised unit through Lukas Podolski , Klose , Ozil , Müller and Khedira , with Schweinsteiger just sat .
At times it was almost like they had five men in attack and five defending , and if the attack builds up the full - backs will also get forward to assist .
They are solid in defence , well - drilled , have a good shape and , as they showed against England and Argentina , they are ruthless in punishing an opponent 's mistake .
England lost the ball on the edge of Germany 's box and seconds later it was in the back of their net .
But breaking down a team is one thing ; putting it in the net is another matter and Germany have been absolutely clinical in recent matches .
Their fourth goal against England , when Ozil waited for Ashley Cole to commit himself to making the block before putting it through his legs for Müller to score , was a fabulous piece of play .
I tipped Spain to win the World Cup but their style could be perfect for Germany to exploit .
Both the Spanish full - backs like to get forward and if Spain make an error on the edge of Germany 's box , like having a cross blocked , they would have only their sitting midfielder and two centre - backs of their outfield players to deal with the counterattack .
Spain are a fantastic side but it is not unusual to see them with seven outfield players up with the ball and they could all be out of it with one misplaced pass .
Dear ON Semiconductor
We unleash the professionals at Atmel to inspect the insides of our defunct ATmega328s .
We found ON Semi written inside .
Tim gives us a tour of the Failure Analysis labs at Atmel , Colorado Springs campus .
Favorited Favorite 0
Dear ON Semiconductor ,
I 'm afraid I have a reel of your ICs , but they have been mistakenly mislabeled .
Could you please let us know what ICs these are ?
Here is the wafer identifier :
Marked with a label ' AG20 01 - 7 ' .
And if it helps , this is what the entire wafer looks like :
These dies are encapsulated into a TQFP 32 - pin package .
We 'd really like to find out just for curiosity 's sake .
Please email spark@sparkfun.com .
Thanks !
Sincerely ,
Nathan Seidle
If you 've been following the saga of the fake Atmel ICs , you know what 's going on .
If not , read back in time a bit : ATmega Slugs and X - Rays .
So a few weeks ago , our writer Chris walks into my office and against all reasonable odds of coincidence in this world , Chris lets me know that his very own father ( Tim ) works in the Failure Analysis labs at Atmel .
What ?
Really ?
Where ?
In Colorado Springs about 2 hours away .
You 're kidding ?!
Tim had kindly offered to have us come through the lab and analyze the ICs for us .
Atmel is a large , international company with a decently sized wafer fabrication facility in Colorado Springs .
There 's a good chance that some of the very ATmegas we use on our boards could have been fabricated there !
The wafer fabrication area sometimes experiences processing or testing failures .
The failure analysis group is there to evaluate problems and discern how the problems were caused .
But their 2nd job is to help customers when a part fails in the field .
Counterfeiting is extremely rare , but not unheard of .
Luckily , the processes to do fault analysis are similar to counterfeit analysis - AKA popping the top off and looking inside .
So a contingent of SparkFun geeks headed down to Colorado Springs on a road trip with a reel of ICs under our arm .
We met Tim in the lab .
He showed us the various tools they use for analysis : microscopes , scanning electron microscopes , a laser to heat a single transistor junction , toys , toys , and more toys .
We were in awe .
The SEM with probes is capable of taking a reading from a single NPN transistor junction .
A close up of the probes .
Each probe head had a rough tip radius of 0.25 microns .
That ... is small .
" Xena " and " Hercules " are the two SEMs in use .
They have the ability to scan down to around 10nm .
Check out the monitor - this SEM is set to accelerate the electrons toward the sample with 2,000 volts !
After the much - too - short tour , Tim threw on his protective gear and started dissecting the " ATmega328 . "
Here 's what we learned : 90 % fuming nitric acid at 150C is the key .
The " fuming " part of the nitric acid makes it attack organic material ( namely the packaging ) while leaving the inorganic material ( the IC chip itself , including the bonding wires ) .
We believe our first attempts at decapsulation went so poorly because we used concentrated nitric acid instead of this fuming nitric .
This stuff is not cheap !
~$ 250 for 500 mL , but you really only need a few drops .
Heat the IC on an empty glass petri dish .
Add one drop of fuming nitric acid .
Let it sit for 4 or 5 seconds , then wash off with acetone .
Do n't try this at home !
This combination of acid and a solvent is potentially very dangerous .
We let the experts handle it , but really - not a good idea for the home chemist !
The small drop of acid quickly devours anything near by and then becomes used up .
To wash the nitric acid away , you could use water .
But combining fuming nitric acid with water , it turns into regular nitric acid that then begins to eat away at the inorganic materials ( like the silicon we 're trying to protect ! ) .
So Tim uses acetone to quickly neutralize the acid .
Now for those astute readers / chemists , you will know that combining a strong acid with a solvent , you get a very exothermic reaction .
This is dangerous and should not be attempted outside of a laboratory setting .
Very small amounts of nitric acid are used to minimize the exothermic reaction to maintain safety .
Again - do n't try this at home .
Wash , heat , add drop of acid , repeat .
This process took only 2 to 3 minutes .
Tim had obviously done this before .
CMac ( Chris on the left ) and Nate ( me on the right ) hang back and watch the fun from a safe distance .
After a few short minutes , Tim had the top of the IC expertly removed .
He then added the IC into a small bath of " NMP " ( another smelly solvent ) and then into the ultrasonic cleaner for 10 to 15 seconds .
The capsulating materials contain small glass beads that enjoy sticking around .
This cleaning knocked lose any residual fragments of the packaging that may have been sticking to the chip or bonding wires .
We then got to view the uncovered IC under a microscope .
We immediately saw the ON SEMI markings that re-affirmed our suspicions .
There 's something in there , but it 's not an ATmega328 .
There 's the give - away marking from ON SEMI .
Now if you know anyone at ON Semiconductor , we 'd really like to hear from them .
It 's going to be tricky to identify these without their help .
AG20 is quite clear , but 01 - 7 could be anything .
After talking with the folks at Atmel , each company has their own very proprietary naming nomenclature for the wafers .
Who needs to know it anyway ?
No one ever sees anything but the label on the outside of the package , right ?
The various failure analysis detectives within the office commented on how old the technology looked .
They estimated the wafer to be between 5 and 10 years old .
ON Semiconductor was started in 1999 so they can't be much older than that .
According to the package markings on the right , the fake ICs were produced in the 23rd week all the way back in 2007 .
To put the date code question to bed , we also received some information from the production facility that first produced the ATmega328s .
This is what they said :
The ATMega328 was first taped out toward the beginning of 2007 .
Following an evaluation phase , it went into volume production toward the end of that year .
It is very unlikely that there were any parts from earlier in 2007 .
The date codes for December 2007 product should have been something like 0748 , 0749 , up to 0752 .
I think the date code on the counterfeit parts was 0723 which means fiscal week 23 .
Sounds like this would be prior to when this part went into any type of volume production , just like the test guys suspected .
So it turns out we really did receive counterfeit ICs ( we decapsulated three ICs with identical results ) .
It 's not hard to see how this could happen .
The going rate for the ATmega328 TQFP is somewhere between 2 and 3 dollars each .
Someone had some extra / scrap ICs sitting around in the same TQFP package .
Every IC gets a laser etched identifier , in this case it was just the wrong label , ( intentionally wrong in order to defraud us , but the laser does n't care ) , and wammo !
You 've got your very own ATmega328P - AUs .
Thank you Tim and all the folks at Atmel !
The tour of the wafer fab and the huge campus that Atmel has down in the Springs was really amazing to see !
Please come to SparkFun some day so we can show you your very own ATmegas in use .
If you read this post and find anything out to help us identify these ICs from ON Semiconductor , please let us know !
We 're still hoping to turn one on someday , whatever it may be ...
Be sure to read the original post , the follow up report , the discovery of what 's inside and the final identification of the IC !
For me , the school year is back in full swing -- inasmuch as one can be when Labor Day still has n't rolled around yet .
For those of you who have forgotten , or who now look back upon your high school years through the rosy mists of fondness for that halcyon era when your head , not your back , was covered with hair and your tricep did n't flop around like a Tibetan prayer flag in a good stiff breeze , high school is organized into concentric circles of despair and Sisyphean drudgery which align quite nicely with the Nine Circles of Hell our friend and eternal optimist Dante Alighieri described so fully .
The freshmen have already had most of the pranks pulled on them -- like looking for a swimming pool on the roof , or looking for the smoking area , or being told that we have open campus for lunch , and so on .
They 've lost a bit of that dazed look -- unless it 's a permanent condition .
The " veteran " freshmen on the two - or three - year - plans are already falling back into their habits of trying to evade class as much as possible and still somehow be able to finagle enough credits to achieve sophomorehood .
They lust for a way to get over .
Those who lust for each other have tried to discover just where the security cameras do n't work .
Last year 's freshmen who made the cut to sophomores are hoping to have grown some -- the girls hoping to be able to fill out those teeny tanks they wear and the boys hoping to get closer to making that dunk on the basketball court .
The boys can eat the weight of a newborn elephant in one sitting .
Sophomores bear the grim visage of those who realize that they still must slog through an eternity of high school , and that as long ago as they were seventh graders ?
That 's how long it will be before they graduate .
The mathematically inclined have computed this sentence in Hell as the equivalent of 19.7 % of their lives thus far .
Most of the juniors are engulfed in a tsunami in post - high school planning , as the first deadline to register for the ACT was on the Friday after we started school , and they are frantically collecting honors to list on their aplications and recommendations from harried staff .
Those who swear that they 'll NEVER want to go to college or trade school or sit in a classroom again are sneering at their classmates who are wigging out .
They can't wait to get out of school so they 'll never have to do what anyone tells them , EVER AGAIN .
The seniors have slogged their way through all these levels only to discover that they are merely on the verge of true Hell .
They 've figured out to take AP and honors classes their first semester , and as soon as the transcripts are mailed off to their fifteen dream colleges to " drop them like it 's hot " and coast through the rest of the year .
The ones who SWORE that they would never want to go to college or trade school have lost a bit of that sneer as they are slowly coming to the realization that after antagonizing Mom and Dad for the last six years , what with the brushes with the law and the suspensions and the phone calls from school and the poor grades , their parents are COUNTING the days until they can tell their offspring that their bedroom has become an exercise room , and seven bucks an hour at TWO part time jobs at fast food joints minus something called FICA and social security will get them a run-down one bedroom apartment with three roommates , rides to work on a bus , peanut butter sandwiches , no vacations EVER -- much less three months in a row off , no health care , and tennis shoes from K - Mart , not Foot Locker .
No bling , no phat threads , and no pimpin ' any rides .
Suddenly four years of sitting in a classroom listening to someone drone on and on about 18th century British literature or the principles of accounting does n't sound nearly as stupefying as fifty years of soul - destroying repetitive labor where you come home at the end of the day with the smell of fried food permeating even your HAIR , which you now have to get cut at Great Clips four times a year .
They 've asked their uncle about that job at the Ford plant , but it 's shutting its doors in 2007 and outsourcing to Mexico under NAFTA , and soon their uncle may be delivering pizzas and competing with them for jobs -- and he , at least , has a history of showing up to work on time and following directions , which gives him a big leg up on them .
Gosh , is it too late to take the ACT ?
The teachers have once again realized that no matter how thick the student behavior guide is , that the assistant principals have pretty much no interest in enforcing the policies on tardiness , dress code , attendance , cell phones , smoking in the john , or insubordination unless it 's directed at them .
These teachers will " dis " these administrators with considerable bitterness .
They are already huddling in circles in the hallway , disputing the diagnoses buried in IEPs and 504s , and mocking memos from administration .
They have their own vision of what the school should look like , but theirs is not a theology bearing the imprimatur of the powers that be , so they just appear out of touch with reality .
Those who work hard and strive to inculcate their students with a love of learning are nonetheless vilified by the public and even some of their peers .
Those who think that students should be accountable for their shortcomings are considered to be child - hating misanthropes .
Many of the parents have already had all the phone calls from school they are going to tolerate .
They have blocked calls from any building in the district .
Others have been lurking malevolently in the counseling office since the end of July demanding that their kids ' schedules be changed about five times , or that an entire class be created to fully meet the needs of their son or daughter .
Already two hundred of them have tried to enroll their children in our district by claiming the address of the UPS store down the street , and if they do n't get what they want , they will try to intimidate anyone within hearing , including our sweet little white - haired registrar .
The counsellors and principals fall into various categories listed by Dante .
They either spent two years in a classroom and are 24 years old , or they spent two years in the classroom twenty years ago .
But no matter what , they are experts in good teaching methods and writing curriculum , or so they assure the staff .
Among them are : Panderers , who just want to be the students ' " friend ; " Flatterers , who will tell you that they think you 're a great teacher only to dump more work on you ; Simoniacs , who shower dispensations for referrals upon kids , in a bid to supposedly " save " them from the " Heretics ; " Hypocrites , who will merely counsel a kid who calls a teacher that word for " a person who would engage in carnal activity with his maternal relative " but who suspends a kid for six days for calling the AP a sexual deviate ; Sowers of Discord , Scandal , and Schism , who hang out all day with their favorite staff members in their office , trading gossip and innuendo regarding the rest of the staff -- they think that teachers are all incompetent , hyperbolic , child - hating misanthropes .
The central office administrators and school board .
They will bizarrely give permission for five hundred kids who supposedly live at the UPS store down the street to attend schools in our district , and they will refuse to investigate reports that students are being dropped off at bus stops in cars with license plates from a neighboring state .
They will overturn suspensions upon a whim .
They will go to the National School Board Association meeting in Miami with their entire families while they tell teachers there is no money for raises and their deductible for health insurance will need to triple .
They think that teachers are all incompetent , hyperbolic , child - hating misanthropes who are overpaid .
And how would our friend Dante describe this abode ?
“ And when , with gladness in his face , he placed his hand upon my own , to comfort me , he drew me in among the hidden things .
Here sighs and lamentations and loud cries were echoing across the starless air , so that , as soon as I set out , I wept .
Strange utterances , horrible pronouncements , accents of anger , words of suffering , and voices shrill and faint , and beating hands — all went to make tumult that will whirl forever through that turbid , timeless air , like sand that eddies when a whirlwind swirls . ”
[ Dante , as he enters the Gates of Hell .
Canto III , Inferno ]
Labels : errata , harmless foolishness
